<doc id="9756767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756767" title="Barrack buster">
Barrack buster

Barrack buster is the colloquial name given to several improvised mortars, developed in the 1990s by the engineering group of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA). 
The first barrack buster - known to the British security forces as the Mark 15 mortar - consisted of a one metre long metal propane cylinder with a diameter of 36 cm that contained around 70 kg of home-made explosives and with a range between 75 and 275 m. The cylinder is an adaptation of a commercial 'Kosangas' gas cylinder for heating and cooking gas used in rural areas in Ireland. 
It was first used in an attack on 7 December 1992 against a security base in Ballygawley, County Tyrone, in Northern Ireland, injuring a number of RUC officers. The projectile was deflected by the branches of a tree, which prevented further damage.
Provisional IRA's improvised mortars.
The barrack buster belongs to a series of home-made mortars developed since the 1970s. The first such mortar—Mark 1—was used in an attack in May 1972 and it was soon followed by the first of a series of improved or differentiated versions stretching into the 1990s:
Strategic impact.
The intensification of the IRA's mortar campaign in the late 1980s forced the British government to increase the number of army troops in Northern Ireland from its lowest ebb of 9,000 in 1985 to 10,500 in 1992. The IRA's use of mortars combined with heavy machine guns compelled the British Army to build their main checkpoints more than a mile away from the border by 1992.
Use by other groups.
These mortars have been used by the Real IRA in the 2000s which also developed their own fuzing system for the mortars. Furthermore, what appears to be a similar or identical mortar technology has also been used since 1998 by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) and ETA in Spain was in 2001 rumoured to have built mortars "very similar" to the IRA's. The possible transfer of this mortar technology to the FARC was a central issue in the arrest in August 2001 and later trial of the so-called Colombia Three group of IRA members who were alleged by Colombian authorities and by the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on International Relations to have trained FARC in the manufacture and use of this mortar technology.
Colloquial usage.
A derived term in Belfast refers to a three litre bottle of inexpensive cider.

</doc>
<doc id="9756772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756772" title="The North Face (novel)">
The North Face (novel)

The North Face is a 1948 heterosexual romance novel by Mary Renault, who later became famous for historical novels set in ancient Greece and featuring homosexual love between male characters. The protagonists are Neil Langston and Ellie, both of whom have tragic pasts and both of whom are staying at a bed and breakfast in Cornwall. They both have a passion for mountain climbing, which is what first brings them together. Neil is in the process of obtaining a divorce. Jock, the love of Ellie's life, died in World War II. The novel is set in the period immediately after the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="9756780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756780" title="Lake Talquin State Forest">
Lake Talquin State Forest

The Lake Talquin State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in the panhandle, near Tallahassee.

</doc>
<doc id="9756806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756806" title="Lyndon Institute">
Lyndon Institute

Lyndon Institute is a coeducational, independent, boarding preparatory school located in the village of Lyndon Center, in the town of Lyndon, Vermont. It provides education for grades 9 through 12 for both commuting local students and students resident on campus.
Tuition for commuting students was $14,004 in 2010-11. Tuition for full-time boarding students was $38,990.
Student body.
The school has more than 85 boarding students including some from Taiwan, China, Japan, Germany, Sweden, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Brazil and South Korea. Students from Vermont communities that are not within easy commuting distance take advantage of a five-day boarding program. The Institute is also the high school of choice for nearby small towns that pay tuition for their students to attend rather than fund a public high school. The Town of Lyndon selects this school for their children. In turn, the Institute accepts their students promoted from their eighth grade without further examination.
There is an annual winter carnival.
Academics.
Its 625 students take a program of studies that includes a college preparatory curriculum as well as a program of athletic activities, visual and performing arts classes and performances, and technical education courses. Every student takes at least one arts course. A third of the students take two or more classes.
The school is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges and is approved by the Vermont State Department of Education. It is a member of the Independent School Association of Northern New England and the Vermont Independent Schools Association.
Campus.
The school has three campuses: Vail, Harris, and Darling. Technical programs are located on the Vail Campus, named after a founder, Theodore Vail.
The Harris Campus is where the dorms, Language classrooms, Visual Arts, and Business classrooms are located. It is also where the softball diamond and Sanborn Hall athletics are based.
The Darling Campus is where the Main Building is located, where all other classes are held. The auditorium, Student Services, and the Administrative offices are located there. The lower campus includes dormitories, houses that serve as dormitories, and classrooms. This campus also contains the football practice field, field hockey and the girls' and boys' soccer fields. Below the main building is the football field. Circling it is the asphalt track built in 2000. The campus is named after Elmer Darling, a major contributor. In 2010 a new baseball field was built, McDonald Field, above the Darling Campus with help from the technical education teachers through funding from the McDonald family, replacing the use of the Lyndon State College Field.
There are six residence halls. Three cottage-style dorms are for girls, three larger dorms for boys. Live-in house parents oversee the activities of each. Most dorm students have single rooms.
The yearbook has book arts and printmaking as highlights of the Art program. There is a dance and music program.
History.
The school began in 1867 as the Lyndon Literary and Biblical Institution. Its first academic term was in 1870. 
The campus served as home to the Lyndon Commercial College in 1886, and the Vermont School of Agriculture, founded in 1910 by Theodore Vail, the first president of New England Telephone Company and the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T).
Vail served on the board of trustees for twenty years. As chairman, he saved the institution from financial ruin in 1912.
Elmer Darling served as president of the Lyndon Institute's Board of Trustees. When the Institute's main building was completely destroyed by fire in 1922, Darling led a successful campaign to raise funds to replace the building. He left a substantial amount of money to expand the school's endowment at his death in 1931.
In 1923, the name was officially changed to Lyndon Institute.
Between 1923 and 1951 the Institute provided both secondary and post-secondary education for area students.
In 1951 the post-secondary program moved and became Lyndon State College.
In 2003 Lyndon Institute re-established its boarding program.
Athletics.
Teams compete in Vermont's Division II and in the Mountain League, locally.
Interscholastic sports includes:
Fall Sports: Cheerleading, Cross Country Running, Field Hockey, Lacrosse, Football, Soccer, Mountain Biking.
Winter Sports: Alpine Skiing, Nordic Skiing, Hockey, Basketball, Cheerleading, Bowling
Spring Sports: Track and Field, Baseball, Softball, Ultimate Frisbee, Golf, Racquet Sports (Tennis, Badminton, and Pickle ball)
In addition to its recreation and physical education program, the school has an intramural volleyball program.
Recognition.
The girl's softball team had an unbroken streak of 80 victories from 2005 until 2009. The 2004 season concluded with the team's only loss of that year.
St. J/LI football game.
In one of the oldest rivalries in the nation, the school has played St. Johnsbury Academy in football every year since 1894. Lyndon Institute is slightly behind the academy in overall record.

</doc>
<doc id="9756817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756817" title="Lozva River">
Lozva River

Lozva River () is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast in Russia, a left tributary of the Tavda River. The length of the river is 637 km. The area of its basin is 17,800 km². The river freezes up in October - early November and stays icebound until late April - early May. Its main tributaries are the Pynovka, Bolshaya Yevva, Popil, and Ivdel Rivers. In 1590 a fort was built at Lozvinsk on the river to guard the Cherdyn Road which ran over the Urals from the Vishera River to the Lozva. That outpost was endangered by a Mansi chieftain from Pelym. Lozvinsk and the Cherdyn route were abandoned after 1597 when a better route, called the Babinov Road, was found through Verkhoturye. The Dyatlov Pass incident took place near the Lozva River in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="9756819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756819" title="1747 in Great Britain">
1747 in Great Britain

Events from the year 1747 in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9756824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756824" title="Washington County Railroad (1980)">
Washington County Railroad (1980)

The Washington County Railroad is a shortline railroad operating in Vermont, forming part of the Vermont Rail System. The WACR began operating in 1980 over the old Montpelier and Barre Railroad in Washington County, which the state acquired to ensure the continuance of rail service, and ceased operations in early 1999. Later that year, after interim service by other companies, operations were transferred to a new WACR subsidiary of the Vermont Rail System. In 2003, operations were greatly expanded through acquisition by the state and operation by the WACR of a former Boston and Maine Corporation and Canadian Pacific Railway line between Newport and White River Junction, which had most recently been operated by subsidiaries of the bankrupt Bangor and Aroostook Railroad.
The original line, now known as the Granite District, connects the New England Central Railroad (NECR) with Montpelier, Barre, Websterville, and Graniteville. Its primary commodities have been lumber, granite, and silicon carbide since the Bombardier transit car plant in Barre was closed in 2002. The Connecticut River Division includes haulage rights from White River Junction south to Bellows Falls on the NECR, where it connects to the affiliated Green Mountain Railroad. It also has direct connections to the former Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway at Newport and Pan Am Railways at White River Junction.
History.
Granite District.
The majority of the Granite District was part of the Boston and Maine Railroad (B&M) system until 1926, when the Barre and Chelsea Railroad (Barre to Graniteville) and Montpelier and Wells River Railroad (Barre and Montpelier to Wells River) were sold to local interests. The latter was consolidated into the former in January 1945, but in 1957 the entire Barre and Chelsea Railroad was abandoned. The Montpelier and Barre Railroad took over operations of the Montpelier and Barre-area trackage, but the line east to Wells River was abandoned. In 1980 that company abandoned its trackage, and the state bought it in November and designated the new CSF Acquisition, Inc. subsidiary Washington County Railroad to operate it. The WACR assigned its lease to the New England Central Railroad in February 1999, but that company ceased operating the lines in September, and the Vermont Railway took over temporarily until its new affiliate began under the Washington County Railroad name.
In early May 2010, after having been mostly dormant for some time, an official from the Barre government said that a contract for shipments of scrap granite bound for Florida would begin late the same month. Ten-car trains were planned to operate twice a day between Berlin and Montpelier Junction, as well as separate five-car trains from the granite quarries and Barre. The trains were to operate for the three months it would take for the 54,000 tons of granite the contract requested to be moved south. Further traffic of scrap granite was also considered possible, as further contracts for the material, of which 40 million tons was accessible, were being sought, and industries along the line had expressed interest in having rail service if the line was upgraded for granite shipments.
Connecticut River Division.
The Connecticut River Division was built by the Connecticut and Passumpsic Rivers Railroad, a predecessor of the B&M which completed its line from White River Junction to Newport in October 1863 and to the Canadian border in May 1867. In June 1926, the Canadian Pacific Railway leased the line between Wells River and Newport, and its lessor Quebec Central Railway leased the line north of Newport (including the connecting Massawippi Valley Railway to Sherbrooke). The Newport and Richford Railroad acquired the former portion in November 1946, continuing the lease to the CP. (The B&M retained operations south of Wells River.) Iron Road Railways subsidiary Canadian American Railroad, through the newly created Quebec Southern Railway and Northern Vermont Railroad, took over operations of the portion north of Wells River in September 1996, and in 1999 the state acquired the remainder from the B&M, contracting first the Green Mountain Railroad and then in 2000 the Northern Vermont Railroad to operate it. After Iron Road Railways went bankrupt (CDAC, B&A, QS/NV) in fall 2002, it sold most of its lines to Rail World, Inc. which organized them under a newly formed subsidiary, the Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway. However, the segment between Newport and White River Junction was not included in the transaction and instead was acquired by the state of Vermont which contracted freight service to the Washington County Railroad. Both companies began operating their new lines in January 2003.
WACR had made a $750000 bid in January 2014 to acquire the former MM&A line from Newport northwest toward Farnham, Quebec, but was not successful as officials handling MMA's bankruptcy chose to auction the entire system to Fortress Investment Group as one undivided block.

</doc>
<doc id="9756825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756825" title="1996 Solheim Cup">
1996 Solheim Cup

The fourth Solheim Cup took place from 20 September to 22 September 1996 at St. Pierre Hotel & Country Club, Chepstow, Wales. The United States team retained the cup beating the European team by 17 points to 11.
Teams.
Europe
Format.
A total of 28 points were available, divided among four periods of team play, followed by one period of singles play. The first period, on Friday morning, was four rounds of foursomes. This was followed in the afternoon by four rounds of fourballs. This schedule was repeated on the Saturday morning and afternoon. The four periods on Friday and Saturday accounted for 16 points. During these team periods, the players played in teams of two. The final 12 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay, in which all 24 players (12 from each team) took part.
Day one.
"Friday, 20 September 1996"
Day two.
"Saturday, 21 September 1996"
Day three.
"Sunday, 22 September 1996"

</doc>
<doc id="9756829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756829" title="SCKL">
SCKL

SCKL is a type of format used when sending image and ringtone data through Short Message Service (SMS) messages; most mobile phones can interpret this type of data, for some it will show the data as a text message. Not all networks, for example CDMA, iDEN and TDMA networks, can directly pass binary data to mobile phones. Ringtones and graphics contain binary data and Nokia's SCKL encoding provides a method of delivering binary data to a phone using only printable characters. Thus it allows ringtones and graphics to be delivered over CDMA, iDEN and TDMA networks. Clearly it also requires a phone that can correctly interpret the SCKL format and most Nokia phones can do this, as well as some phones from other manufacturers and many WAP compatible phones.
Message format.
SCKL message consists of a Header then a space and lastly User Data. The description that follows is somewhat simplified to give all the essentials without giving all the options. You should find the information here is sufficient in practice. Here is an SCKL format message to send a ringtone:
//SCKL1581 024A3A650995D1D195C93D999804144288F511610611624D30831445
Each SCKL message must contain 160 characters or less since this is the maximum number of characters that can be sent in one SMS message. The letters must be in UPPER CASE for some phones.

</doc>
<doc id="9756837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756837" title="The Earrings of Madame de...">
The Earrings of Madame de...

The Earrings of Madame de... (French title: Madame de...) is a 1953 drama film directed by Max Ophüls. It was adapted from Louise Leveque de Vilmorin's period novel by Ophüls, Marcel Archard and Annette Wadement. This film is considered as a masterpiece of the 1950s French cinema. Andrew Sarris once called it "the most perfect film ever made". Ophüls said that the story's construction attracted him to the project, stating "there is always the same axis around which the action continually turns like a carousel. A tiny, scarcely visible axis: a pair of earrings." The film was released in the UK as "Madame de..." and in the USA as "The Earrings of Madame de...".
Plot.
The film opens with the titular Madame, Louise (Danielle Darrieux), whose surname is never given. She is a spoiled woman married to a General, André (Charles Boyer), and she has amassed considerable debts due to her lifestyle. To settle them, she arranges to sell her large diamond earrings, a wedding present from her husband, back to the jeweler who made them. It is hinted that Louise and André's marriage is less than intimate, as they sleep in separate beds and the General is shown to have a mistress. Louise attempts to disguise the disappearance of the earrings by pretending to have lost them at the opera. The search for them eventually reaches the newspaper, suggesting they may have been stolen, which in turn prompts the jeweler who bought them to go to the General directly and offer to sell them back, which he accepts. Rather than confront his wife, the General decides to give the earrings to his mistress, who is leaving for Constantinople.
The mistress however accumulates a substantial gambling debt and is forced to sell them. They are later purchased by an Italian baron, Fabrizio Donati (Vittorio De Sica), who is on his way to be a diplomat in the same city that Louise and André live in. At this time, the General has just gone away to war. At a series of chance encounters, Donati meets Louise and becomes infatuated with her, later meeting with her at a ballroom where they dance together. This evolves into an emotional affair, represented in a montage of dancing scenes where she and the baron fall in love. This sequence, with its glittering costumes and furnishings, and swirling camera work, was a celebrated example of Ophüls' style. The General returns from his campaign, which prompts Louise to stop seeing Donati. During a hunting trip with her husband, she witness's Donati fall from his horse, which causes her to faint. This is due to an unknown medical condition she was born with, described only has having a "weak heart." This event makes the General suspicious about her relationship to Donati.
Donati later brings a gift to Louise at her home: roses and the very earrings she sold at the start of the film. What she had cast aside so easily before suddenly has real meaning to her. In order to be able to wear them again in her husband's presence, Louise creates a ruse that they had been misplaced in one of her gloves the entire time, making a big show of "finding" them in front of the General. He knows she is lying but says nothing. Later at another dance, the General takes the earrings from Louise and then quietly takes Donati aside and confronts him about the earrings, revealing their origin. He then gives the earrings to Donati and tells him to sell them back to the jeweler, so that the General may buy them back once more to give to Louise. Before departing, Donati informs Louise he can no longer see her and expresses his hurt at her lying to him. Following this night, Louise falls into a deep depression. The General presents her with the earrings he has bought back and informs her that her unhappiness is her own fault. He tells her she must give the earrings away to his niece who has just given birth, to which Louise tearfully agrees. The General's niece later is forced to sell the earrings to the jeweler to pay off her husband's debts, and once more the jeweler offers to sell them to the General, but this time he angrily refuses. Louise goes to the jeweler herself and offers to sell many of her precious items in order to buy the earrings back, and he agrees. She later informs the General of what she has done. In his anguish at having lost her love (or perhaps never having it), the General goes to the club were Donati is and challenges him to a pistol duel.
Louise pleads with Donati not to go through the duel, as the General is shown to be an excellent shot and will surely kill him. Donati refuses to back out and later meets with the General in the woods with officials for the duel. Meanwhile Louise goes to a church to pray that the saints save Donati and leaves the earrings as an offering. She then races through the woods with her servant to the location of the duel. The officials inform the two men that the General is allowed to fire first because he is the "offended party." He takes aim at Donati, who stands unflinching. Louise is shown ascending a hill toward the duel when a shot is heard. She collapses in shock and slumps against a tree. Her servant tries to wake her but Louise does not respond; the servant runs off towards the men to ask for help as the scene fades. The final shot of the film shows the earrings venerated at the church in a glass case, with a card that reads "don de Madame de..."
Production.
In Ophüls' original treatment for the film, every scene was to be shot through mirrors on walls and other locations. His producers rejected the idea.
After his experience of shooting "La Ronde", Ophüls was determined to stay on budget and on schedule for this film and made extensive preparations during pre-production. He ended up finishing the film ahead of schedule and under budget. He worked closely with art director Georges Annekov to create the right atmosphere for the film, and had Annekov design prop earrings that were appropriate. The prop earrings were on display at the Franco-London-Film production studios for many years.
The film's script became considerably different from de Vilmorin's short novel and Ophüls stated that "besides the earrings, there's very little of the novel left in the film... the senselessness of that woman's life." Ophüls would speak privately with Danielle Darrieux between takes throughout the shooting and told her to portray the emptiness of her character. At first Ophüls was too embarrassed to give direction to Vittorio De Sica out of respect for De Sica's work as a director, but the two became friends during the film's production. Darrieux, Charles Boyer and Annekov had all worked together in 1936 on the film "Mayerling", which was Darrieux's first leading role.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews when first released, but its reputation has grown over the years. It was revived in England in 1979, where it was rediscovered as a masterpiece. Derek Malcolm called it "a supreme piece of film-making which hardly puts a foot wrong for 2 hours...a magnificent and utterly timeless dissection of passion and affection, the game of life and love itself." Lindsay Anderson criticized the film, stating "the camera is never still; every shot has the tension of a conjuring trick. The sleight of hand is dazzling, but fatally distracting...With a supple, ingenious, glittering flow of images that is aesthetically the diametric opposite of Mme. de Vilmorin's chaste prose, he has made the film an excuse for a succession of rich, decorative displays...In all this visual "frou-frou" it is not surprising that the characters become lost and the interior development of the drama is almost completely unobserved." François Truffaut wrote that the film was very similar to Ophüls' earlier film "Liebelei", stating that "the last half hour, the duel and the finale, is a remake pure and simple." Jacques Rivette praised the film, calling it "a difficult work, in the fullest sense of the word, even in its writing, one in which everything aims to disconcert, distract the viewer from what is essential through the accumulation of secondary actions, wrong turns, repetitions and delays; a work in which the picturesque tries hard to conceal the pathetic."
Molly Haskell has called the film a masterpiece with a cult following that grows every year. Haskell has asserted that the film is usually not as revered as other, more male-oriented films because it is a female-oriented film. Richard Roud has stated that Ophüls made film about "women. More specifically, women in love. Most often, women who are unhappily in love, or whom love brings misfortune of one kind or another."
Awards.
In 1954, Georges Annenkov and Rosine Delamare were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design (black and white) but lost to Edith Head for "Sabrina".

</doc>
<doc id="9756844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756844" title="2007 12 Hours of Sebring">
2007 12 Hours of Sebring

The 2007 Mobil 1 12 Hours of Sebring was the 55th running of this event and the opening round of the 2007 American Le Mans Series season. It took place on March 17, 2007.
Official results.
Class winners are in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9756862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756862" title="Kuota">
Kuota

Kuota is an Italian bicycle manufacturer.
They build high-end bicycles for road racing, mountain biking and triathlon. They have recently included a Cyclo-cross model in the range.
Kuota are very active in the sponsorship of professional cycling and triathlon racing around the world.
In 2009 they were sponsors of the Agritubel, OUCH, Indeland and Kalev Chocolate professional men's road cycling teams and the Team Uniqa and Team Dila women's pro teams. They also sponsor several U23 and junior cycling teams.
Kuota sponsored the UCI ProTour team Ag2r-La Mondiale from 2010 until 2013, supplying them in their KOM model for most stages. In 2010 they provided bikes for Kuota-road.cc who competed in the Halfords Tour Series in the UK. In 2011 they now provide bikes for Team UK Youth Cycling Team. 
In triathlon racing Kuota sponsor American Andy Potts, France's Carole Péon and Italy's Martina Dogana. Kuota was the bike sponsor of German triathlete Normann Stadler when he won the Ironman World Championship at Kona in 2004 and 2006.
Kuota is a brand of Sintema Sport with headquarters in Albiate, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9756891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756891" title="Reverie, Tennessee">
Reverie, Tennessee

Reverie is an unincorporated community in Tipton County, Tennessee, United States. In 2001, the population was 11.
Over a period of about 24 hours on March 7, 1876, the Mississippi River abandoned its former channel that coincided with the Tennessee-Arkansas border, and established a new channel east of Reverie. This places Reverie on the Arkansas side, while most of the area of Tipton County is located east of the Mississippi River, the Tennessee side. The formation of the new Centennial Cut-off, named for the US centennial, and the abandonment of the stretch of river formerly known as the Devil's Elbow, led to a 1918 Supreme Court case on whether the border should be moved with the river.
In 1900, a mastodon skeleton was discovered east of Reverie.
In the first half of the 20th century, archeological artifacts from an aboriginal village dated AD 1400-1650 were found about northeast of Reverie, at the Nodena Site.
Demographics.
According to the United States Census, in 2000 the total population of the Reverie voting precinct was 11. The entire population was non-Hispanic white at that time.
Education.
The state of Tennessee pays for the children in the population to attend schools in Arkansas.
Economy.
Agriculture is the dominant source of income in the area surrounding Reverie, especially the cultivation of cotton.
After the abolition of slavery, sharecropping was the primary means of income for low income families in the area. Mostly for the cultivation of cotton, land would be used by sharecroppers in return for a share of the crop to the landowner.
Modern machines such as the cotton picker have made the manual cultivation obsolete over time as they took over the work from the hand laborers. As a result of the lessened need for agricultural laborers, and very little potential for other forms of employment, the population of the area has dropped precipitously in recent decades.
In 2007, there were no industries in Reverie.
History.
Founded in the 1800s, Reverie is one of the early settlements in Tipton County. In 1883, a U.S. Post office was opened that in 2007 is no longer in existence.
Prehistoric mastodon skeleton.
Mastodons are members of the prehistoric, extinct genus "Mammut", they resemble modern elephants. Native to North America they lived on the North American continent from almost 4 million years ago until their eventual disappearance about 10,000 years ago.
In 1900, archaeologist James K. Hampson documented the find of skeletal remains of a mastodon on Island No. 35 of the Mississippi River, approximately 3 mi (4.8 km) east of Reverie and 23 mi (37 km) south of Blytheville, Arkansas.
In 1957, the site was reported as destroyed.
Aboriginal village AD 1400-1650.
About 4 mi (6.4 km) northeast of Reverie, at the Nodena Site, artifacts from a 15 acre (60,703 m2) aboriginal village dated AD 1400-1650 were found in the first half of the 20th century.
A collection of these artifacts is on display at the Hampson Museum State Park in Wilson, Arkansas.
In 1964, the Nodena Site was declared a National Historic Landmark. In 1966 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography.
Location and landscape.
Reverie is located at 35.53806 North, -89.99 West. The coordinates mark the location of the historical post office. The elevation above sea level is 239.44 ft (73 m).
The landscape is dominated by the Mississippi River flood plains, fields and few trees.
Mississippi River Island No. 35.
When the border between Tennessee and Arkansas was established in 1795, it followed the middle of the Mississippi River. At that time, the river ran northwest of Reverie. After the avulsion of 1876, the Mississippi River ran southeast of Reverie, cutting it off from Tipton County.
In 2008, Reverie is surrounded by the modern Mississippi River in the southeast and the sidearms following the 1795 course in the northwest. Although the sidearms are only partially connected most of the time, Reverie is located on what topographically is Island No. 35 of the Mississippi River, because it is surrounded by water on all sides.
County seat Covington, Tennessee.
The direct distance between Reverie and the county seat, Covington, Tennessee, is only 18 miles (29 km).
In 2007, the road trip to Covington requires the driver to go via Memphis, Tennessee and is longer than 83 miles (134 km).
Postal.
Postal address and ZIP code for the community used to be "Reverie TN, AR 72395". The ZIP code is cross referenced with Wilson, Arkansas. United States Postal Service recommends using "Wilson, AR 72395" for Reverie.
Notes.
Aerial views of the Reverie area with superimposed state borders illustrate the course of the Mississippi River in this area before and after the 1876 avulsion. The state line is following the pre-cutoff riverbed as of 1795. In 2007, the Mississippi River was located about 3.5 miles (5,6 km) southeast of the Tennessee/Arkansas state border near Reverie.

</doc>
<doc id="9756898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756898" title="Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball">
Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball

The Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team is an NCAA Division I college basketball team competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference. Home games are played at Cassell Coliseum, located on Virginia Tech's campus in Blacksburg.
History.
Virginia Tech saw a resurgence of its basketball program under coach Seth Greenberg. During the 2006-2007 regular season, Virginia Tech beat Duke at Cameron Indoor Stadium and also beat top-ranked North Carolina in Blacksburg. The Hokies went on to beat fourth-ranked North Carolina in Chapel Hill that same season. In January 2009, Virginia Tech beat No. 1 ranked Wake Forest, the last unbeaten team in Division I in the 2008-2009 season, marking the Hokies fourth defeat of a top-ranked team. Virginia Tech added another victory over a top-ranked team on February 26, 2011, when it beat #1 Duke, 64-60 in Cassell Coliseum.
The Hokies lost to Southern Illinois in the second round of the 2007 NCAA tournament. The Hokies' previous appearance in the NCAA tournament was following the 1995-1996 season. They won the National Invitation Tournament following the 1994-1995 and 1972-1973 seasons.
The Hokies beat 15th ranked Oklahoma State on December 1, 2012. Star Erick Green led the team to its first nonconference home defeat of a ranked opponent since 1995 by scoring 28 points.
Retired jerseys.
The following players have had their jerseys retired by Virginia Tech.
Post season results.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Hokies have appeared in eight NCAA Tournaments. Their combined record is 6–8.
NIT results.
The Hokies have appeared in twelve National Invitation Tournaments. Their combined record is 24–10. They were NIT champions in 1973 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9756900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756900" title="Robert Eberan von Eberhorst">
Robert Eberan von Eberhorst

Professor Dr. Robert Eberan von Eberhorst (23 October 1902–14 March 1982), later known as Robert Eberan-Eberhorst, was a noted Austrian engineer, who designed the Auto Union Type D Grand Prix motor racing car.
Early life.
Born into Austrian nobility, the family shortened its name when the nobility was abolished in Austria in 1918. He studied at the Vienna Technical University until in 1927, where he earned an engineering master's degree. Later that year he joined the Institute for Automotive Engineering at Dresden Technical University as a research assistant and Ph.D. candidate. In 1933 Dr Ferdinand Porsche persuaded him to join Auto Union. 
Auto Union.
Eberan-Eberhorst initially served as a development engineer within the Auto Union racing department at Horch works in Zwickau, and was responsible for turning Chief Engineer Porsche's ideas in physical reality. His early contributions to Auto Union's successes included development of side skirts and aerodynamic bodywork along the belly of the record breaking streamliner car, additions that were some of the earliest experiments with ground effect downforce to have been applied to a car.
Type D.
When Porsche left Auto Union in 1938 Eberan-Eberhorst was promoted to his stead. His first full car design was for the Auto Union Type D Grand Prix car. With a swept volume of three litres, in accordance with the contemporary Grand Prix regulations, the supercharged V12 rear-mounted engine could develop and provided Grand Prix victories for Tazio Nuvolari and Hermann Paul Müller.
Eberan-Eberhorst was heavily involved in the initial testing of each new racing car, developing an on-board recording instrument to plot parameters such as car speed, engine speed, gear change and braking points.
World War II.
He gained his doctorate in 1940 and from 1941 was appointed to a full professorship at Dresden Technical University. During World War II he was involved in the design of the Tiger tank, initial testing of the V1/V2 rockets, and provided much research data on improving fuel consumption.
After World War II.
At the conclusion of WWII Eberan-Eberhorst fled Dresden, in the Soviet occupied sector of defeated Germany. In 1947, in an old sawmill in Gmünd, Austria, Ferdinand Porsche’s son Ferry and Eberan-Eberhorst started work on project 356, which evolved into the famous Porsche 356 sports car.
Later, the Italian Piero Dusio decided to build racing cars, bringing in the engineers Dante Giacosa and Giovonni Savonuzzi from Fiat and Piero Taruffi to manage the racing team. When the team decided to enter Grand Prix competition, Carlo Abarth and Robert Eberan-Eberhorst were also recruited. This project went sour when the designers proposed a flat 12 four-cam engine with the possibility of supercharging and even four-wheel drive plus Eberhorst’s usual requirements for proper jigs, test-beds and tooling; his view was that races are better lost on the test-beds then they can be won on the tracks. 
Eberhorst was by now recognised as one of the world's premiere racing car design theorists, so in 1949 he moved to Dunstable, where he worked for ERA on the Jowett Jupiter chassis, and then in 1950 to Aston Martin to design a pure sports-racing car, the DB3, his brief being to produce a car that would be quick enough to give the 2.6-litre straight six a chance of outright wins. Whilst at Aston Martin Eberhorst published an article in the Automobile Engineer entitled “Roll Angles”. This theoretical study followed Maurice Olley’s paper “Road Manners of the Modern Car” and established ex-Rolls-Royce engineer Olley and Eberhorst as two of only a handful of engineers capable of mathematically defining the essential factors in car handling. Eberhorst’s contribution was to show how the several constants in Olley’s complex equations could be established experimentally.
In 1953 Eberhorst returned to Germany as General Manager for Technical Development at a reviving Auto Union. In 1956 he moved to the Battelle Institute in Frankfurt as Head of Mechanical Engineering and four years later he took over responsibility for the Combustion Engines and Automotive Engineering Institute at Vienna University. He retired from there in 1965 although continuing to author important technical papers.

</doc>
<doc id="9756901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756901" title="Kenai River Brown Bears">
Kenai River Brown Bears

The Kenai River Brown Bears is a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's West Division based in Soldotna, Alaska. The Brown Bears are the flagship program of a larger community-based and operated Kenai Peninsula Youth Foundation, which enables players the unique opportunity to provide countless hours of public service to the local community and youth including developing athletic skills and education-even mentoring students and assisting with reading programs. The direct relationship between the hockey team and the local youth community is unique to the Kenai River Brown Bears. The team joined the North American Hockey League (NAHL) as an expansion team for the 2007-08 season, and since then has upgraded as well as added team-specific facilities to the 2,000 plus capacity Soldotna Sports Center it calls home. The Brown Bear's ultimate mission is to provide academic and athletic opportunities to student-athletes, and provide its players every possible resource to play hockey at the collegiate level.

</doc>
<doc id="9756926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756926" title="Carlton High School">
Carlton High School

Carlton High School is a public high school located in Carlton, Minnesota.
The school operates under the Carlton Public School District, housing grades 6 through 12. It serves a population of approximately 350 students. The school competes athletically in region 7A of the Minnesota State High School League; its colors are blue and white, and its mascot is the Bulldog. 
Carlton High School has had achieved success in both athletic and academic competitions. The football, men's basketball, and women's volleyball teams have each advanced to the Minnesota state competition during the school's history. The track and field and cross country teams have also been successful, sending athletes to the state competitions consistently over the last two decades. The school's band has done well in competitions, advancing to the state level numerous times. Carlton's Knowledge Bowl program has also sent a team to the Minnesota State Knowledge Bowl Meet on four occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="9756931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756931" title="BSCS">
BSCS

BSCS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9756940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756940" title="Botanic Gardens St. Vincent">
Botanic Gardens St. Vincent

The St Vincent and the Grenadines Botanic Gardens is located in Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. It is one of the oldest in the Western Hemisphere (preceded only by Bartram's Garden in Philadelphia) and perhaps the oldest in the tropical world. Conservation of rare species of plants has been practiced here since 1765. The Nicholas Wildlife Aviary complex located within the Gardens also maintains a captive breeding program to conserve the vulnerable St Vincent Parrot.
The magnificent Botanic Gardens offer an attractive, alluring and peaceful retreat and are currently one of the most visited sites in St Vincent & the Grenadines. It is a venue for weddings, photographing, family celebrations, studying and other special events, hence fostering a sense of public ownership and increased appreciation of the Gardens’ historic and cultural significance. An historic landmark of major national, regional and global significance, the Botanic Gardens occupies approximately about one mile (1.6 km) out of capital, Kingstown along the Leeward Highway. 
History.
Following the Peace of Paris in (1763) the newly appointed governor of the southern British Caribbean islands, Robert Melville, and the military surgeon in St. Vincent, George Young, decided to create a botanic garden, primarily to provide medicinal plants for the military and improve the life and economy of the colony. In the early 18th century great emphasis had been laid on introducing valuable and commercial plants from the East Indies to Kew Gardens in England to be sent later to the American tropics. The Royal Society fostered the introduction, establishment, and dissemination of highly prized species.
Melville, anticipating modern ethnobotany, urged that "physical practitioners of the country, natives of experience, and even old Caribs and slaves who have dealt in cures might be worth taking notice of, and if at any time you should think that a secret may be got at or even an improvement for small expense, I shall readily pay for it." The War Department (UK) and the Honourable East India Company sent seeds and plants from tropical India and from British North Borneo, Sabah, and Sarawak in the East Indies. Other species came from French and Caribbean sources, such as cinnamon from Guadeloupe and Grenada. From Kew Gardens came seeds from China.
Under the capable and enthusiastic guidance of Young and several successive curators, both British and French, the Botanical Gardens quickly attained an enviable reputation and received wide acclaim. It was a great time for the exchange of valuable plants in the Caribbean, from French Guiana to Jamaica.
Among the wide variety of tropical trees and shrubs is a third generation breadfruit tree, a sucker from the original plant brought by Captain William Bligh (of Bounty fame) in 1793. In 1787-88 Captain Bligh made his ill-fated voyage on the "Bounty" to Tahiti to collect breadfruit and other useful plants for the West Indies. Undaunted by the notorious mutiny of his first crew, Bligh again set sail for Tahiti aboard . He completed his mission in Kingstown, St. Vincent on January 23, 1793 with plants from the South Seas. The Botanic Garden's Curator took great care of these plants, and the success of all those efforts is evident from the widespread distribution of breadfruit, the most useful food plant throughout the West Indies.
The first half of the 19th Century was a lean time for colonial botanic gardens. By 1850, due to a lack of interest and maintenance, the St Vincent gardens had fallen into disrepair. Local efforts in St Vincent initiated in 1884 began to revive the gardens; by 1890 the work was reactivated as part of a larger agricultural and botanical scheme.
The Botanical Gardens soon regained their former glory and beauty, and the plant collections were recovered. Considerable attention was given to experimental work in the gardens on economic crops until 1944 (cotton, arrowroot, cacao and sugarcane). The layout of the re-established Gardens was improved by the construction of a small Doric Temple, by road building and by the continuous introduction of plants to maintain and add to the collection. After 240 years the Botanical Gardens today remain a beautiful tranquil link with Saint Vincent and the Grenadines’ history.

</doc>
<doc id="9756941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756941" title="Yaphank (LIRR station)">
Yaphank (LIRR station)

Yaphank is a station in the hamlet of Yaphank, New York on the Main Line (Greenport Branch) of the Long Island Rail Road. It is located on Park Street near Suffolk County Road 21 (Yaphank Avenue). It is also accessible from streets in and around Suffolk County. The distance between Yaphank and the next station, Riverhead, is the longest distance between stations in the LIRR at . Government Buildings on the north side of the tracks at the bottom of the Yaphank Avenue overpass.
The two sites that are closest to the station are the Suffolk County Police Department auto mechanics shop (a.k.a. "Vector Center") as well as a Georgia-Pacific railroad lumber yard. The historic Suffolk County Almshouse Barn and the former Suffolk County Sanitorium can be found northwest of the station, as well as the Yaphank Avenue bridge over the tracks.
History.
Yaphank station was originally built as Milleville station in 1845, and was spelled both as Millville or Milleville on LIRR timetables. It was renamed Yaphank a year later, and has kept that name ever since. Yaphank station was replaced by a second station building in 1875 that contained elaborate gingerbread woodwork. Before World War II, Yaphank Station was known as the stop for the "Camp Siegfried Special", a train that took members of the German American Bund from parts of New York City to an infamous Hitler Youth camp known as Camp Siegfried. The decorative features were reduced considerably in June 1941, and then the station house was closed in 1958 and burned down in 1961. After this, it was little more than a sheltered platform surrounded by concrete. High-level platforms replaced this configuration during the 1990s.
Carman's River Station.
Just east of Yaphank station, another station in Yaphank, Carman's River station, was built in 1844. It served as the temporary terminus of the LIRR main line until Manorville and Riverhead stations were built in 1845.
Platform and track configuration.
This station has one high-level side platform north of the track that is long enough for one and a half cars to receive and discharge passengers. The Main Line has one track at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="9756948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756948" title="Motor Torpedo Boat PT 105">
Motor Torpedo Boat PT 105

PT-105 was a Motor Torpedo Boat of the United States Navy during World War II. The vessel was built by the Elco Motor Yacht Company of Bayonne, New Jersey, in early 1942, and served until the end of the war.
Service history.
"PT-105" was commissioned in June 1942, as part of Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron 5, under the command of Cdr. Henry Farrow. From September 1942 until early in 1943 she served on the Panama Sea Frontier, when she was transferred to the Solomon Islands. "PT-105", under the command of Lt. Richard E. Keresey, was present during the action with Japanese destroyers in the Blackett Strait on the night of 1-2 August 1943, in the aftermath of which Lt.(jg) John F. Kennedy's "PT-109" was sunk. On the 22nd of that month, she participated in a daylight raid on the Kolombangara coast that provoked a considerable fight between PT boats and enemy coastal guns. At the end of 1944 MTB Squadron 5 was disbanded and its remaining boats distributed to other squadrons.
On 15 February 1945 "PT-105" was transferred to MTB Squadron 18, under the command of Lt. Edward Macauley III, and saw action in New Guinea; at Manus Island in the Admiralties; and at Morotai in the Halmaheras. She was also based for a time at Kana Kopa, New Guinea, and in San Pedro Bay, Philippines, but saw no action there.
The vessel was placed out of service on 1 November 1945, and later stripped and scrapped at Samar, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="9756949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756949" title="Rutland and Washington Railroad">
Rutland and Washington Railroad

The Rutland and Washington Railroad was a railroad company based in Rutland, Vermont which was chartered in Vermont on November 13, 1847 and built between Rutland and Eagle Bridge in Rensselaer County, New York in 1851 and 1852. One of the company's founders was Merritt Clark, a Vermont politician, and another was Thomas Canfield, later involved with the Northern Pacific. In order to build in New York, the company, on June 24, 1850, took a perpetual rent-free lease of the franchise rights east of Salem of the Troy and Rutland Railroad, which had been chartered in that state on July 2, 1849. The remainder of the Troy and Rutland, from Salem west to Eagle Bridge, was completed in 1852 and leased to the Rutland and Washington effective July 2.
After the Panic of 1857, a majority of the company's bonds were acquired by Jay Gould at 10 cents on the dollar, which left him in control of the company. Gould is identified as the company's superintendent in a July 1863 newspaper article.
The company's property (Salem to Rutland) was sold at foreclosure in 1865, the portions in New York and Vermont being sold on March 15 and May 23, respectively, to holders of the Rutland and Washington's securities. The property of the Troy and Rutland (Eagle Bridge to Salem) was sold on July 11, 1863 to Jay Gould. The property in New York was conveyed to the Troy, Salem and Rutland Railroad (incorporated June 3, 1865) on June 3 (Eagle Bridge to Salem) and June 30 (Salem to state line). On February 1, 1867, the Salem and Rutland Railroad was incorporated and received the portion in Vermont. The Troy, Salem and Rutland leased the Salem and Rutland on March 19, and subsequently acquired its entire stock, allowing the latter to release the former from all obligations on October 10, 1867. However, the Troy, Salem and Rutland was never an operating company, immediately leasing its road to the Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad upon acquisition until it was merged into that company on October 20, 1868. The Delaware and Hudson Canal Company leased the Rensselaer and Saratoga, including the Eagle Bridge-Rutland line, on February 24, 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="9756951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756951" title="Reverie">
Reverie

Reverie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9756956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756956" title="Acetyl-CoA C-acyltransferase">
Acetyl-CoA C-acyltransferase

The final step of beta oxidation is the cleavage of 3-ketoacyl CoA by the thiol group of another molecule of Coenzyme A. This reaction is catalyzed by Acetyl-CoA C-acyltransferase (or Β-ketothiolase). The thiol is inserted between C-2 and C-3, which yields an acetyl CoA molecule and an acyl CoA molecule, which is two carbons shorter. 
Acetyl-CoA C-acyltransferase belongs to the thiolase family of enzymes.
Examples.
Human genes that encode acetyl-CoA C-acyltransferases include:

</doc>
<doc id="9756982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756982" title="Sadashkana">
Sadashkana

Sadashkana or Sadaṣkaṇa according to the gold plate inscription of Senavarman, mentions Sadashkana as the Devaputra (son of god), son of maharaja rayatiraya Kujula Kataphsa (Kujula Kadphises):

</doc>
<doc id="9757006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757006" title="List of Imran Series by Ibn-e-Safi">
List of Imran Series by Ibn-e-Safi

Imran Series is the best-selling series of Urdu spy novels written from 1955 by Ibn-e-Safi.
Both "Doctor Dua-go" and "Jonk Ki Wapsi" were published as a series of episodes in the "Daily Hurriyat", and later published in the form of books by "Asrar Publications" (the regular publishers of Imran Series). "Zehrili Tasveer" and "Bebakon Ki Talash" were then written in the continuity of "Jonk ki Wapsi" and were published by the above in book form. For this reason, these books are numbered at the end, otherwise they should not be considered "out of continuity".
Ali Imran and Safdar Saeed were also featured in a Jasoosi Dunya novel, "Zameen Ke Badal" (#75). This was the only novel in which Safi brought Colonel Faridi and Imran together, but due to a highly heated response from fans, he never repeated the experiment.
Following is the complete list of 120 novels written by Ibn-e-Safi in Imran series. (Original number, original title (Roman), original title (Urdu), translated tile in parentheses, year first published.)

</doc>
<doc id="9757023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757023" title="Can't You See (Total song)">
Can't You See (Total song)

"Can't You See" is a 1994 song by Brookdale R&B girl group Total, released as their debut single. The track was released from the "New Jersey Drive Soundtrack" and also later appeared on the soundtrack to "The Wackness", and their debut album. After making their recording debut on his tracks "Juicy", "One More Chance" and "One More Chance" (Hip Hop Remix)", The Notorious B.I.G. returned the favour with an intro rap verse to the song. The track was written and arranged by Terri & Monica's Terri Robinson, produced entirely by Sean "Puffy" Combs with instrumentation provided by associates Rashad Smith, Herb Middleton and Chucky Thompson and contains a sample from James Brown's "The Payback". The track was a success both on the mainstream US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, reaching number thirteen and the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, where it made number three. The song also peaked at number forty-three on the UK Singles Chart, where it charted for two weeks.
The main edit to the track was the "Bad Boy Remix", which had the girls sing the original lyrics with a different vocal arrangement, The Notorious B.I.G.'s intro rap replaced by one from Keith Murray and its own music video. The track also had inserts of the girls acting as callers to a request line asking for the song to be played, saying such things as "Hey, can you play that Total Remix?". The vocals from this edit were also used on the "So So Def Remix" by Jermaine Dupri. The only remixes using the original track were those from funky house producer E-Smoove.
Music video.
"There were videos filmed for both "Can't You See" and its "Bad Boy Remix":"
The original version Filmed on location at Bethesda Terrace in New York City's Central Park. The video begins with a Bad Boy Entertainment motto of ""Besides every Bad Boy, there is a Bad Girl!"". The Notorious B.I.G. and Puff Daddy appear in white attire in a large hall where lights flash on and off in the background. Total then appear in the same area wearing leather outfits. (a shot of which was used for the back insert of their album) They are also shown on a flight of stone steps. (see picture) Later the group appear on a podium dressed in white, this time with The Notorious B.I.G. behind them. On a higher podium sits Puff Daddy in a kingly manner. Shots of this scene were used for the single's cover. The video ends with the girls leaving up the steps and a reappearance of the Bad Boy motto from the beginning.
<br>
<br>
The remix video sees Keith Murray rapping in front of a car upon whose bonnet Puff Daddy sits. The girls are briefly shown sitting on a basketball hoop bobbing their heads as the scene switches back to Murray rapping. Throughout the rest of the video the girls stand on the basketball court in casual attire and perform their vocals and at one point the word "Remix" flashes across the screen. This was one of the groups three single remix videos. (along with ""No One Else"" & ""Kissin' You"")
Track listings.
CD single
<br>
<br>
12" vinyl single (UK)
<br>
Side 1
Side 2
<br>
12" vinyl single (US)
<br>
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="9757029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757029" title="Coleman Parsons">
Coleman Parsons

Coleman O. Parsons, also Coleman Parsons, 1905-1991, was a scholar, author and professor of literature, last as Professor Emeritus of English at CUNY's City College.
He was born in Ripley, Va., Parsons attended University of Southern California, University of Chicago before receiving his an A.B. (Artium Baccalaureus, A.B. or B.A.) at Columbia University and held a doctorate from Yale.
Dr. Parsons, a premier authority on Scottish literature and culture, joined the City College faculty in 1937 and began teaching there full-time in 1947. Dr. Parsons was known as an excellent and challenging professor who participated heavily in intellectual and public life outside of the classroom. He was an active member and leader in the Andiron Club, an exclusive cultural and fraternal organization in New York City. Dr. Parson was also an active Freemason.
He was the author of one of the most important critical works on Sir Walter Scott and nineteenth century Scottish literature, "Witchcraft and Demonology in Scott's Fiction," published in 1964, and wrote extensively for academic journals in the United States, Scotland, England and Germany.
In June 1991 Dr. Parsons died at his home in Manhattan following complications while recovering from a stroke. Numerous scholarships and awards are named in his honor. His papers are held at Columbia University to benefit researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="9757058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757058" title="Maria Martin">
Maria Martin

Maria Martin Bachman (1796–1863) of Charleston, South Carolina, USA, was a watercolor painter who provided many of the background paintings for John James Audubon on "Birds of America" (1831–39) and "Viviparous Quadrupeds of North America" (1845–48). 
The U.S. Audubon Society named a variety of the Hairy Woodpecker ("Picus martinae") Maria's Woodpecker, in honor of her.
Biography.
Maria was born in 1796 to Rebecca Solars and Jacob Martin. As the youngest sister, she moved in with her ailing sister Harriet Martin Bachman and her eight children. Harriet's husband was Reverend John Bachman, a Lutheran pastor of St. John's Church in Charleston, South Carolina. In 1831 John James Audubon became a guest at Reverend Bachman's house. During this month long stay, Audubon encouraged Maria to assist with paintings for his Birds of North America book.
After the death of her sister in 1846, Maria married John Bachman in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="9757122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757122" title="SS Fredericksburg (1958)">
SS Fredericksburg (1958)

SS "Fredericksburg was a single-hulled T5-S-12b oil tanker, originally named the Eagle Courier". The ship was built at Ingalls Shipbuilding in Pascagoula, Mississippi as hull number 1030 and delivered on 10 October 1958. The ship was scrapped in Chittagong, Bangladesh on 16 April 2004.
From delivery in 1958 until 1976, the ship was operated by Eagle Carriers. In 1976, she was bought by Keystone Shipping Company and renamed "Fredericksburg". She continued to operate as a coastal tanker until 2004.
"Fredericksburg" was for some time the oldest tanker in the U.S. fleet, and its age showed. She was subject to a number of refittings and retrofittings, such as the 1983 forecastle overhaul. Also, towards the end of her career, she had a number of safety problems. For example, on 10 June 1999 when loaded, after experiencing a steering failure, she "grounded under power at mile forty-three in the Columbia River." Fortunately, she "came ashore in an area of the river characterized by soft mud banks and suffered no damage."
Some of "Fredericksburg"s problems were detailed in this 1 January 2003 article "Puget Sound's Rustbuckets:"
Finally, although "its OPA90 phase-out date is 8-Dec-05, Keystone Tankships will scrap the tanker "Fredericksburg" rather than incur the cost of its next dry-docking survey, which is due this month (2/6)." In 2004, she was filled with grain in the port of Houston and sailed to Chittagong, Bangladesh where she was driven onto the beach and scrapped. The selling price was reportedly $425 per light displacement ton or 3.7 million U.S. dollars. "Fredericksburg" was joined by her sister ship "Chilbar" at the scrapyard later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9757151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757151" title="Scott v. Harris">
Scott v. Harris

Scott v. Harris, , was a decision by the United States Supreme Court involving a lawsuit against a sheriff's deputy brought by a motorist who was paralyzed after the officer ran his eluding vehicle off the road during a high-speed car chase. The driver contended that this action was an unreasonable seizure under the Fourth Amendment. The case also involved the question of whether a police officer's qualified immunity shielded him from suit under Section 1983. On April 30, 2007, in an 8-1 decision, the court sided with police and ruled that a "police officer's attempt to terminate a dangerous high-speed car chase that threatens the lives of innocent bystanders does not violate the Fourth Amendment, even when it places the fleeing motorist at risk of serious injury or death." In a rare occurrence, the court accepted the presentation of video evidence of the high-speed pursuit. Such procedure is quite uncommon in the Supreme Court and was viewed as part of an interesting relationship between the Supreme Court and technology. The video had a strong effect on the Court's decision and is viewed as a major factor in how the court made its decision. The author of the opinion, Justice Antonin Scalia, in a first-time occurrence ever, posted the video of the car chase online (for access to the video, see external links below).
Justice John Paul Stevens, the lone dissenter, argued that the videotape evidence was not decisive, as the majority claimed it to be, and that a jury should determine if deadly force was justified. He stated a jury should be used, instead of the case "being decided by a group of elderly appellate judges," a reference to himself and his colleagues on the court.
Three law professors created an experiment based on the video, showing it to over a thousand subjects and then asking them whether they thought the use of deadly force was reasonable. The study found " fairly substantial majority did interpret the facts the way the Court did. But members of various subcommunities did not." The study and the disagreement over the reasonableness of the use of deadly force was reported in the Harvard Law Review. 

</doc>
<doc id="9757169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757169" title="Open de Andalucia">
Open de Andalucia

The Open de Andalucia was a European Tour men's professional golf tournament which was played from 2007 to 2012. The event was held in the Andalusia region of Spain.
History.
Between 1992 and 1995, and again in 1999, former European Tour event, the Turespana Masters, was held in the Andalusia region and titled as the Turespana Masters Open de Andalucia, with winners including future major champion and World Number 1 Vijay Singh, and local favourite Miguel Ángel Jiménez.
This incarnation of the Open de Andalucia owes its origins indirectly to the PGA Tour's decision to reschedule The Players Championship from March to May. In response, the European Tour decided to move the British Masters, which is one of its higher profile tournaments, from that same week in May to a September slot when more top players would be available. The Valle Romano Open de Andalucia was created to fill the gap in the schedule this move created. It has been promoted by the personal companies of the Spanish European Tour members Miguel Ángel Jiménez and Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño.
The first two events were staged at the Aloha Golf Club near Marbella, before the tournament was moved to the Real Club de Golf de Sevilla near Seville for the 2009 season at the request of sponsors.
At the 2009 Open de Andalucia, European Ryder Cup veteran Colin Montgomerie became the 18th player to reach the 500 appearance mark on the European Tour. He started the tournament impressively with a five under par 67, for a share of second place after the first round. His challenge faded however, and he finished tied for 31st place at level-par, 14 strokes behind the winner, Søren Kjeldsen of Denmark. Kjeldsen had broken the course record with a 10-under-par 62 on Saturday to move into the lead, and a level-par final round of 72 on Sunday was enough to see off the challenge of Scot David Drysdale by three strokes.

</doc>
<doc id="9757170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757170" title="Mohammad Khaksar">
Mohammad Khaksar

Mohammad Khaksar was an Afghan Taliban intelligence chief and deputy Minister of the Interior. Reportedly, Khaksar was unhappy with Al Queda influence in the Taliban, and so agreed to serve as a mole for the United States in 1999.
Khaksar was assassinated by two motorcycle gunmen on 14 January 2006, possibly by elements of al Qaeda. The Taliban took credit for the slaying.
The current President of Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai, denounced the assassination; he said, "Their purpose of disturbing the peace process is not only to shed the blood of innocent people but even their own former supporters, which is both against the sacred religion of Islam and humanity.".

</doc>
<doc id="9757176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757176" title="Michael Torrens-Spence">
Michael Torrens-Spence

Captain Frederick Michael Alexander Torrens-Spence DSO, DSC, AFC (10 March 1914 – 12 December 2001) was a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm pilot in the Second World War. Torrens-Spence earned the distinction of holding commissions in the Royal Navy, the Royal Air Force, the British Army and the Royal Ulster Constabulary.
Early life.
Known as 'Tiffy', Torrens-Spence was born in Whiteabbey, County Antrim, Ireland the son of a professional soldier. Educated at "Mourne Grange Public School", Kilkeel, at the age of 13 he attended Dartmouth Royal Naval College.
Military career.
After initial service in the fleet Torrens-Spence volunteered for flying duties with the Fleet Air Arm, which at that time was under the command of the Royal Air Force. After flying training he was commissioned as a pilot in both the RAF and the Navy. His first postings were on the carriers and, in 1937, .
World War II.
When war broke out, Torrens-Spence was serving on "Glorious" which was sent through the Suez Canal to hunt German surface raiders. He was then sent home from Aden to join the new carrier . Whilst serving on Illustrious which has been dispatched to the Mediterranean in September 1940, He took part in the attack on Italian battleships in the Battle of Taranto as a Swordfish torpedo bomber pilot. During the Swordfish attack in Taranto harbour, he torpedoed one of Italy's newest and largest battleships, the , sinking her in shallow water. He was awarded the DSC for this action.
He was also involved when the "Illustrious" was badly damaged; "Illustrious" was escorting a convoy to Malta when she was attacked by three squadrons of German Stuka dive bombers. Suffering multiple bomb hits (including Torrens-Spence's wardroom) and more than 200 casualties, "Illustrious" limped to Malta and eventually to America for repairs. Her aircraft were disembarked in Malta and Torrens-Spence flew to Eleusis, near Athens in Greece, with elements of 815 and 819 Squadrons for an active anti-shipping campaign which later earned him the award of the DSO.
At the Battle of Cape Matapan, Torrens-Spence was ordered to find and attack a large Italian naval force. After observing an attack by aircraft from the carrier achieve no result, he found a hole in the enemy smokescreen and was confronted with the which he then torpedoed from close range. The cruiser immediately slowed to six knots and the Italian admiral decided to divide his force leaving a large detachment to escort the "Pola" and sail for home. That night the Royal Navy engaged with the Italian force off Cape Matapan, and with the aid of radar sank the major part of them. The "Pola"s Captain was rescued by the destroyer and was heard to remark: "Either that pilot was mad or he is the bravest man in the world". Admiral Andrew Cunningham wrote in his dispatch after the battle: "An example of the spirit of these young officers is the case of Lieutenant F.M.A. Torrens-Spence who rather than be left out, flew with the only available aircraft from Eleusis to Maleme ... arranged his own reconnaissance and finally took off with a second aircraft in company and took part in the dawn attack."
From March 1941 to October 1941 Torrens-Spence commanded 815 Squadron in Albania where he added to his tally. Unfortunately, this included a hospital ship which the Italians had failed to mark and illuminate. No blame was ever attached to Torrens-Spence, but he was forever saddened by the incident.
From 1942 Torrens-Spence was posted to the UK to become a test pilot at Boscombe Down where he remained for the next three years, until posted back to "Illustrious" for the closing stages of the war.
Post War.
He remained in the Navy after the war becoming chief inspector of the Empire Test Pilots' School. He then served in the carrier , and as commanding officer of RNAS Eglinton (HMS "Gannet") in Northern Ireland.
In 1952 he was promoted Captain and sent to the Admiralty to look after future aircraft requirements as deputy director of the Air Warfare Division, naval staff. He wrote the staff requirement for the Buccaneer strike aircraft and steered it through the Admiralty Board.
In 1955 he took command of , a Daring class destroyer deploying in British and Mediterranean waters. Afterwards he commanded a training establishment, RNAS Lossiemouth (HMS "Fulmar"), before taking command of the aircraft carrier in 1959 where he spent the next two years, most of it in the Far East.
Northern Ireland.
After leaving the Royal Navy Torrens-Spence was appointed as the Commandant of the Ulster Special Constabulary (the "B" Specials) in County Armagh.
When the Specials were disbanded in 1970 and replaced by the Ulster Defence Regiment, Torrens-Spence took control of the County Armagh Battalion (2 UDR), as a lieutenant colonel, to get it up and running. He retired in 1972.
Later life.
In 1981 he became Lord Lieutenant of Armagh after Norman Stronge was killed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army in an armed assault on his home, Tynan Abbey. During this time he resided at Laurelvale House, Laurelvale - originally the home of industrialist Thomas Sinton. He was also a Justice of the Peace, served as High Sheriff of Armagh in 1979 and was aide-de-camp to the Queen. He was never overtly involved in politics but remained throughout his life a committed Unionist holding senior office in the Co. Armagh Unionist Association, yet saddened by what he saw as the government's appeasing of terrorism.
He was married to Rachel Torrens-Spence, with whom he had four children. One of his sons, Brigadier Edward John (Johnny) Torrens-Spence CBE, was British Embassy military attaché to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9757204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757204" title="Icelandic parliamentary election, 1999">
Icelandic parliamentary election, 1999

Parliamentary elections were held in Iceland on 8 May 1999. The Independence Party remained the largest party in the Althing, winning 26 of the 63 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="9757212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757212" title="Sellstedt station">
Sellstedt station

Sellstedt is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757213" title="Logan Machine Company">
Logan Machine Company

LMC is both the tradename (brand name) and an abbreviation for Logan Manufacturing Company - a US manufacturer of snowcats that ceased operation in 2000.
LMC was formed in 1978 when John DeLorean purchased the snowcat division from Thiokol. For approximately 2 years the snowcats were produced under the brand name of DMC but by 1981 or 1982 the brand name was switched to LMC. All 3 brands were based in the same factory during the ownership changes and was headquartered in Logan, Utah.
Both DMC and LMC snowcats were available in numerous models and were available for use grooming ski-slopes, transporting work crews, and for snowmobile snow grooming. Many are still in commercial use today. Popular production snowcats manufactured by Thiokol were carried over almost through DMC and LMC's product lines and the IMP, Super IMP and Spryte models are still in use today and often favored by private snowcat owners for back country transportation uses.
Other brands that competed with DMC and LMC included the Tucker Sno-Cat and Bombardier snowcats. DeLorean sold his shares to an investment group in 1988, by that time several snowcat brands had ceased operation due to market factors, among them the Snow Trac and Kristi.

</doc>
<doc id="9757238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757238" title="Wehdel station">
Wehdel station

Wehdel is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757243" title="Zombies on Broadway">
Zombies on Broadway

Zombies on Broadway (or Loonies on Broadway in the UK) is an American Comedy-horror film released in 1945.
Plot summary.
The duo of Jerry Miles and Mike Strager are employed as Broadway press agents. Miles and Strager's latest idea is to hire a genuine zombie for the opening of a new nightclub. The boys head to the Caribbean island of San Sebastian (also featured in RKO's "I Walked With a Zombie" and "The Ghost Ship") where they meet the beautiful cabaret singer Jean la Dance. In exchange for her help, Jean wants passage off the island. Miles and Strager eventually meet up with the zombie expert Professor Renault. Unknown to them, the professor's zombie has captured Jean and brought her to the Professor's secret laboratory, While Miles and Strager investigate the house, Jean awakes to find herself gagged and strapped to a table as the Professor's next test subject. Before he can proceed to give Jean the serum his guard dogs detect intruders. Jean is quickly spirited to a secret dungeon where she is tied up but manages to escape. Strager becomes "zombified" by being under the spell of Renault's secret formula and Miles, la Dance, and Strager return home. When Strager comes out of his trance, the boys must face the wrath of Ace Miller, a nightclub owner, who is more frightening then anything they've seen yet.
Reception.
"Zombies on Broadway" turned into a profit for RKO, which encouraged the studio to re-unite Brown, Carney, Anne Jeffreys and Bela Lugosi for the film "Genius at Work" in 1946.
The film also featured movie villains: Sheldon Leonard as a former mobster turned nightclub owner and Lugosi as the mad scientist who created the zombies.

</doc>
<doc id="9757250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757250" title="The Awakening (Merciless album)">
The Awakening (Merciless album)

The Awakening is the debut album by the Swedish death metal band Merciless. The original album was recorded in Summer 1989 but released by Deathlike Silence Productions in February 1990. The original press was limited to 1000 CDs and LPs and is now considered one of the most rare and expensive albums in heavy metal collecting. It was later re-issued in 1999 by Osmose Productions with a different color cover and four live bonus tracks. The live tracks were recorded in Uppsala, Sweden on 7 December 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9757256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757256" title="Geestenseth station">
Geestenseth station

Geestenseth is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757265" title="Frelsdorf station">
Frelsdorf station

Frelsdorf is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757271" title="Kenneth Jernigan">
Kenneth Jernigan

Norman Kenneth Jernigan (November 13, 1926—October 12, 1998) was the longtime leader of the National Federation of the Blind, the principal blind people's organization in the United States.
Background.
Kenneth Jernigan was born totally blind in Detroit, Michigan, but grew up on a farm in the hills of Tennessee. Beginning at the age of six, he was educated at the Tennessee School for the Blind in Nashville, Tennessee. He attended Tennessee Tech University in Cookeville, Tennessee for his undergraduate work, and he went on to earn his Master's Degree in English from Peabody College in Nashville. He excelled at that institution both academically and in leadership development. Among other things, he was listed in "Who's Who" among colleges and universities, and received an award in 1949, the Captain Charles W. Brown Award, presented each year by the American Foundation for the Blind to America's most outstanding blind college student. As leader of the National Federation of the Blind, Jernigan would participate in major conflicts with the American Foundation for the Blind.
Upon his graduation from Peabody, he taught high school English at the Tennessee School for the Blind in Nashville for four years, and he became acquainted with and joined the National Federation of the Blind during that time. He moved to Oakland, California in 1953 and joined the faculty of the newly established California Orientation Center for Blind Adults. In that same year (1953), he also became fully active in the "organized blind movement" and became a noted civil rights leader in earnest for the remainder of his life.
In a 1954 Jernigan document, when he was challenging the California school system to hire qualified, blind teachers, there is early evidence of his passion for justice for the blind. Among other things, he wrote to the State Legislature of California:
"The history of mankind is the story of the triumph of reason over superstition, of knowledge over belief, of fact over prejudice, and the progress of mankind is but the result of that triumph. In every area of human endeavor, advancement has come only with the crumbling of the barriers of ignorance. It has been so with science, with religion, with industrial technology and with human relations, and it is still so today. The struggle for enlightenment and justice has been and is the great issue of the age.
Of the many superstitions and misconceptions, which have barred the way to progress, perhaps none has been more firmly entrenched or has more stubbornly resisted the light of reason than traditional concepts about blindness. According to anciently honorable custom, the blind have been considered a group apart, a helpless and hopeless lot. They have been relegated to positions of social isolation, subjected to legal discriminations and denied that most fundamental right of all free men--the right to work for their daily bread and to earn their self-respect. They have been thought of not as unemployed but as unemployable.
These are the time-honored notions, the traditional concepts, but even the most respectable of fallacies cannot withstand the truth forever. The barriers have at last begun to crumble, and the blind to emerge from their long subjugation. In the democratic tradition, they have organized themselves for united action and now, instead of charity, they have begun to demand equality--the right to work and to live as free citizens in a free society; the right to succeed or fail according to their individual abilities."
By 1956, Kenneth Jernigan had become president of a Bay Area local chapter, the Alameda Club, of the National Federation of the Blind of California. In his capacity as a local chapter president, he wrote the following to the Supreme Court of California to protest the denial of the right of a blind man to serve on a jury:
"The feeling on the part of some that the blind are incompetent to perform jury service is simply one more manifestation of the ancient stereotype which regards blindness as helplessness. That the blind are competent to perform jury service is evidenced by the fact that blind persons have in many instances actually served as jurors, and several are currently serving as judges. Could it be that a blind person is competent to be a judge and not a juror? If so, wherein lies the distinction? Surely a judge is called upon to weigh evidence as often as a juror, and his duties are as complex!"
The Iowa Experiment.
In 1958, Kenneth Jernigan left California and moved to Iowa to become director of Iowa's failed rehabilitation program for the blind. This state program, the Iowa Commission for the Blind (now called the Iowa Department for the Blind http://www.IDBonline.org]), had been determined by a 1957 Federal Rehabilitation study to be the least effective rehabilitation agency for the blind in America. Kenneth Jernigan took the Iowa Commission for the Blind directorship specifically to offer a new and revolutionary training model as to how properly to assist and empower blind people. He intended to use the "philosophy" of the National Federation of the Blind as the foundation for all state services for the blind.
After Jernigan had been in Iowa for only two weeks, he wrote a detailed letter to Governor Herschel Loveless outlining the deplorable conditions he had found in the agency upon his arrival. He listed countless critical needs of the agency, and then he finished his letter by saying: "The present director should be given a reasonable (but only a reasonable) time in which to show results. If he does not show results, he should be fired. The present director would not be willing that it should be any other way."
Kenneth Jernigan was not fired. In fact, ten years later, because of the unparalleled success of the new Jernigan training model at the Iowa Commission for the Blind, he was presented with a citation from President Lyndon Johnson for his outstanding work. Because of the remarkable success of this new Iowa model, the presenter of the Lyndon Johnson accolade, Harold Russell of the President's Committee on Employment of the Handicapped, was moved to remark, "If a person must be blind, it is better to be blind in Iowa than in any other place in the nation, or the world!"
Leadership of the National Federation of the Blind.
In 1968, upon the death of the founder of the National Federation of the Blind, Jacobus tenBroek, Kenneth Jernigan became President of the organization, and remained in that position until 1986, when he decided to retire and was succeeded by the current president, Marc Maurer. Jernigan briefly stepped down in 1977 for health reasons, but was reelected the following year. Like tenBroek before him and Maurer after him, Jernigan became known for his powerful banquet speeches, which he gave each year at the organization’s national convention even after his presidency. These speeches, which are available at the NFB website, combine references to history and literature, humorous anecdotes and serious reflections about the struggles of blind people. During Jernigan’s presidency, the NFB continued to expand and advocates for its beliefs about the need for more independence for blind people. He led the organization’s fight against the National Accreditation Council of agencies for the blind which attempted to discredit the Federation and block agency reforms.
After his presidency, Jernigan edited and contributed to over a dozen of books of stories about blind people, known as kernel books, which contain true stories about life experiences of federation members. Following Jernigan’s death, Maurer continued to edit Kernel Books, of which over 30 have now been released.
The National Center for the Blind.
Kenneth Jernigan relocated from Iowa to Baltimore, Maryland in 1978 and established the National Center for the Blind, the home of the National Federation of the Blind, at 1800 Johnson Street in South Baltimore. Under his dynamic leadership, this Center became the focal point of civil rights activity not only for the blind of America, but also for the world.
Kenneth Jernigan continued his revolutionary work until his untimely death from lung cancer in 1998.
During the course of his life, Kenneth Jernigan was presented with countless honors and awards. He also received various Honorary Doctorates from American colleges and universities.
Shortly before his death, the federal Rehabilitation Services Administration (RSA), an agency of the United States Department of Education, honored Dr. Jernigan with its Lifetime Achievement Award. In making the presentation, RSA Commissioner Dr. Fredric K. Schroeder said:
"So, what has changed? Quite simply, nothing, and everything. Certainly not the National Federation of the Blind, No, it is not the Federation, our vehicle for collective action, that has changed; but we ourselves. We the blind are a different people; no longer on the outside looking in; no longer in abject poverty; no longer without hope or belief; no longer without a literature which defines the nuance of our understanding and belies the nonsense of the naysayers; no longer without a corps of leaders hardened on the picket lines and tempered in the trenches; no longer without the possibility of training at superior centers; no longer without the right to have our blind children be taught Braille; no longer without the material resources of superb physical plant and cutting-edge technology; no longer the passive recipients of yesterday's charity but the active architects of tomorrow's promise; and no longer without the legacy of Dr. Kenneth Jernigan and the tools he left us to finish the journey to full freedom and integration."
Upon His Death.
Kenneth Jernigan served as the elected leader of the National Federation of the Blind from 1968 until 1986, but he continued as the political leader of the organization until near the time of his death in 1998. His tombstone in Baltimore bears the following legend offered in loving memory by the blind community: “He taught us it is respectable to be blind!”
Additionally, much information about him is available throughout the literature on the NFB website, which includes his banquet speeches and other writing.
He was married to Mary Ellen Jernigan, who is still active in the NFB, particularly in planning the national conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="9757276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757276" title="Kundina">
Kundina

Kundina is an ancient Indian city, named as part of Kanishka's territory in the Rabatak inscription. It is thought that is it the locality of Kaundinyapura on the Wardha River in the Amravati Division of Vidarbha, or Berar in Maharashtra, which is an archaeological site identified as a trading city during the Early Historic period (c. 3rd century BCE to 4th century CE).
References.
"Ancient Indian Inscription", S.R.Goyal, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="9757282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757282" title="1910 in the United Kingdom">
1910 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1910 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9757284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757284" title="Viggarbach">
Viggarbach

The Viggarbach –also: Mühltaler Bach – originates out of the Blue Lake and flows through the valley with the same name in western direction and merges near Schönberg with the Sill River. The creek has a slight elliptical course with a length of 9 km.
The rapid small creek keeps its Grade A water quality in the whole course but gets dangerous at high water or strong rain. Thanks to the fact that near townships are further away from the Creek there is less danger for settlements.
The Blue Lake is the origin of the Viggarbach. It has an area size of 0,79 ha, a volume of 23.570 m³, Grade A quality and lies on the frontier of the Tuxer alpine area.

</doc>
<doc id="9757285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757285" title="Heinschenwalde station">
Heinschenwalde station

Heinschenwalde is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757287" title="Treaty of Paris (1900)">
Treaty of Paris (1900)

The Treaty of Paris was signed on June 27, 1900 between representatives of the Kingdom of Spain and the French Republic. Based on the terms of the treaty, Río Muni was relieved of all conflicting claims. Spain was left with a mere 26,000 km2 out of the 300,000 stretching east to the Ubangi river which they initially claimed.
. Moreover, the treaty granted the French the right to pre-emptively seize all territories if Spain decided to abandon its possessions in Río Muni.

</doc>
<doc id="9757293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757293" title="2006 German Open">
2006 German Open

The 2006 German Open in badminton was held in Mülheim an der Ruhr, Germany, from January 9 to January 15, 2006.
It was one of the "2006 Grand Prix tournaments" and the prize money was US$80,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9757304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757304" title="Oerel station">
Oerel station

Oerel is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757309" title="Battle of Elixheim">
Battle of Elixheim

The Battle of Elixheim, 18 July 1705, also known as the Passage of the Lines of Brabant was a battle of the War of the Spanish Succession. The Duke of Marlborough successfully broke through the French Lines of Brabant, an arc of defensive fieldworks stretching in a seventy-mile arc from Antwerp to Namur. Although he was unable to bring about a decisive battle, the breaking and subsequent razing of the lines would prove critical to the allied victory at Ramillies the next year.
Prelude.
Early in the campaigning season, Marlborough attempted to launch an invasion of France up the Moselle valley. This effort was halted by a combination of supply shortages and an excellent French defensive position in front of Sierck, and Marlborough and his army were recalled by the Dutch States General when Marshall Villeroi attacked and took the fortress of Huy and threatened Liege. Having rushed back to the Low Countries (and forcing Villeroi to retreat behind his defenses), Marlborough retook Huy, and then planned to break through the lines to bring Villeroi to battle.
Breakthrough.
On the evening of 17 July Marlborough sent the Dutch troops under Marshal Overkirk in a feint southwards towards Namur, drawing Villeroi and 40,000 men after them. Overnight he marched with his own English and Scottish troops northwards to the small village of Eliksem ("Elixheim"), and there broke through the lines without resistance. Early the next day, as Overkirk's men countermarched northwards to join with Marlborough, a French detachment attacked the small force of allied troops drawn up to the west of the lines, facing south. Following a short but intense cavalry battle, in which Marlborough was often personally engaged, they were driven off, and Villeroi withdrew his army to the west, behind the river Dyle.
Aftermath.
Unable to pursue the French with any vigour on the day of the battle due to the exhaustion of his men, who had marched all night and then fought an intense battle, Marlborough nonetheless still hoped to bring Villeroi to battle. He was frustrated in manoeuvering to the west of the lines in the month immediately following the breakthrough. A final effort in early August, using waggons loaded with supplies to remove his dependency on his lines of communication, while successful in forcing Villeroi's army to make a stand close to Waterloo, ultimately failed to bring about a battle due to the veto exercised by the Dutch Field Deputies, notably Slangenburg. The Duke was forced to content himself with the capture of the fortress of Leau and the levelling of the Lines of Brabant between Leau and the Meuse.

</doc>
<doc id="9757322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757322" title="Keith-Lee Castle">
Keith-Lee Castle

Keith-Lee Castle is a British actor. 
He has guest-starred in numerous television shows, mostly British. He has also appeared in several films, including playing 'the psychotic Psychs', the owner of the doll, in "Seed of Chucky" (2004), and Clarence Weasel in "The Wind in the Willows" (1996), based on the popular book. To portray the rather loony weasel he wore small furry ears, a long tail and a long, yellow swishing coat. He also had a small part in "Velvet Goldmine" (1998). 
To younger viewers, he is probably best known for his role in the CBBC series "Young Dracula" as the infamous Count Dracula. 
Castle's more recent role was as Patrick in the film "Doghouse"; the character of Patrick was formerly a high powered businessman but more interested in playing golf and meditating.

</doc>
<doc id="9757325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757325" title="Bremervörde station">
Bremervörde station

Bremervörde is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben. The Moorexpress heritage service also calls at the station on summer weekends.
The station was modernised for a total amount of € 340,000 in 2006 and features a travel agency and a bistro. It is a non-smoking station and equipped with a CCTV system.

</doc>
<doc id="9757356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757356" title="Hesedorf station">
Hesedorf station

Hesedorf is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757357" title="Vennbahn">
Vennbahn

The Vennbahn is a former railway line that was built partly across what was then German territory by the Prussian state railways. It is now entirely in Belgium, because the trackbed of the line, as well as the stations and other installations, were made provisional Belgian territory in 1919 (permanent in 1922) under an article of the Treaty of Versailles. 
This had the effect of creating six small exclaves of Germany on the line's western side. The treaty (not the location of the trackbed, "per se") also created one small Belgian counter-enclave, a traffic island inside a three-way German road intersection near Fringshaus.
Route.
The line, which was standard gauge, ran for some across the High Fens (Hautes Fagnes, Hohes Venn) to the south of Aachen in a roughly southward direction from Eupen via Raeren (the site of the depot), Monschau (Montjoie) and Malmedy to Trois-Ponts, with a eastward branch from Oberweywertz to Bütgenbach and Losheim. At Eupen it connected with the line to Welkenraedt where it joined the Brussels-Cologne main line. At Trois-Ponts it connected with the Liège-Luxembourg line.
History.
The line was built to carry coal and iron. The section of the line from Aachen to Monschau was opened on 30 June 1885. The section from Raeren to Eupen was opened on 3 August 1887. The link to Walheim was opened on 21 December 1889.
On 18 May 1940 Adolf Hitler ordered that the area be re-annexed by the German Reich and the Vennbahn was "triumphantly" returned to service as a wholly German line on 2 June 1940. However, after the defeat of Germany in 1945, the pre-war situation was re-instated.
Operation.
In latter years, until the end of 2001, the Vennbahn line operated tourist services, some of which were steam-hauled. These were withdrawn for want of funds to maintain the line. Part of the track between Kalterherberg and Sourbrodt is now used by railbikes.
It was reported in 2008 that, with the Vennbahn no longer operational, Belgium might have to surrender the land where the line passes through Germany, causing the exclaves to no longer be exclaves. However, the foreign ministries of Germany and Belgium have since confirmed that the trackbed, even though disused, will continue to be Belgian territory and that the German exclaves will therefore remain.
By December 4, 2007, the dismantling of the now disused line had started; by September 2008, the track had been completely removed between Trois-Ponts and Sourbrodt.
Enclaves and exclaves.
Former Vennbahn Enclaves:

</doc>
<doc id="9757361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757361" title="The Tender Box">
The Tender Box

The Tender Box is an indie rock band from Los Angeles, California. They are perhaps best known for providing the theme song for the 2008 animated series, "The Spectacular Spider-Man".
History.
All of the band members are of Mexican American descent and grew up in Los Angeles, where they met and formed a band in high school. The group performed the theme to "The Spectacular Spider-Man" 2008 animated television series.

</doc>
<doc id="9757367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757367" title="Kutenholz station">
Kutenholz station

Kutenholz is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757379" title="Century Association">
Century Association

__notoc__
The Century Association is a private club in New York City. It evolved out of an earlier organization – the Sketch Club, founded in 1829 by editor and poet William Cullen Bryant and his friends – and was established in 1847 by Bryant and others as a club to promote interest in the fine arts and literature which was open to "Artists, Literary Men, Scientists, Physicians, Officers of the Army and Navy, members of the Bench and Bar, Engineers, Clergymen, Representatives of the Press, Merchants and men of leisure." It was originally intended to have a limited membership of 100 men. Its early members included Bryant, painters Asher Durand, Winslow Homer, Jervis McEntee, and John Frederick Kensett; architect Stanford White; judge Charles Patrick Daly; author Lewis Gaylord Clark; and architect Calvert Vaux, the co-creator with Frederick Law Olmsted of Central Park. However, by the middle 1850s, the membership primarily consisted of merchants, businessmen, lawyers and doctors.
The Century possesses a notable art collection, including important works by Asher Durand, Thomas Cole, Thomas Doughty, and other Hudson River School painters. It is also an important venue for the exhibition of contemporary art created by its members.
In 1989, after a strenuous legal battle, the club agreed to start admitting women members.
Early history.
The Century Association resulted from the merger of two earlier private clubs for men "of similar social standing or shared interests." The Sketch Club had focused on literature and the arts, while the Column Club had been a Columbia University alumni organization. The initial invitation for the combined club was sent to one hundred men, which became the basis for the name "The Century", later slightly altered to the Century Association. 
The club rented a variety of temporary locations in Manhattan, gravitating to the area around Union Square and Madison Square. Among these locations were over Del Vecchio's picture store at 495 Broadway, 435 Broome Street, over a millinery shop at 575 Broadway, and 24 Clinton Place (later redesignated 46 East 8th Street). Rapid growth in membership to 250 led the club to incorporate and purchase a permanent location in 1857.
15th Street clubhouse.
Continuing its growth in both membership and programs during and after the Civil War, the Century Association required larger facilities. Although it considered relocating, financial constraints led them in 1867 to ask member and architect Charles D. Gambrill (1832–1880) to enlarge the current structure. Gambrill's plans called for internal alterations, an expansion to the rear to accommodate an art gallery on the second floor and a billiard room on the main floor, a mansard roof, and a new unified, brick exterior trimmed with Lockport limestone. The rear extension was promptly completed, but for reasons no longer understood the rest of work was delayed until 1869.
By the time construction began again, Gambrill had replaced his previous partner, George B. Post, with noted young architect Henry Hobson Richardson (1838–1886), who had recently returned from his architectural training in France and joined the Century Association. Although uncertain, it appears that Richardson was involved in changes to Gambrill's initial plans, making this one of his early works, before he became one of the most influential architects in the United States (Jeffrey Karl Ochsner calls it Richardson's eighth commission). The 1869 remodeling cost $21,000, and included an upwards expansion into a mansard-covered third floor. Completely eliminating the prior "palazzo" feel, it featured a unified neo-Grec style. Although Richardson would later develop a highly personal Romanesque style, his training at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris equipped him to design in neo-Grec with its abstracted classical features that worked well in modern materials such as the brick employed here. In 1878, Gambrill and Richardson dissolved their partnerhip, and in the same year Richardson made yet further modifications to the clubhouse.
The building is the oldest surviving clubhouse in Manhattan, and has been a New York City landmark since 1993. The exterior was restored and the interior converted in 1996-1997 by Beyer Blinder Belle, and in recent years it has been the Century Center for the Performing Arts, which had a 248-seat theatre, a ballroom and a studio. As of 2006 it is the New York production facility for Trinity Broadcasting Network, a religious television company.
43rd Street clubhouse.
The Century Association, which at the time had about 800 members, left 15th Street in 1891 for a McKim, Mead & White-designed Italian Renaissance-style "palazzo" at 7 West 43rd Street, which is also a New York City landmark, designated in 1967, as well as on the National Register of Historic Places since 1982. McKim, Mead & White's design established a preferred style for private clubhouse buildings all over the United States in the following decades. The building was restored by Jan Hird Pokorny in 1992.
Controversy.
In late 2010 members of the Century Association – which had only begun admitting female members in 1989, and then by court order – were embroiled in a hotly contested internal debate and "unusual vote of the entire membership" over whether it "should sever ties with a prestigious, all-male club in London, called the Garrick Club, that allows women to enter only in the company of men. ... As of March 1 the reciprocity agreement will end." London's "Daily Telegraph" interviewed a Garrick Club member who "would not be mourning the loss of his colonial cousins — or access to their facilities. 'The Century's a crap club anyway,' he said." Giving up infrequent visits to the Garrick "versus condoning the discrimination of women -- it seems like a pretty easy trade-off", a male Century member told the "New York Observer."
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="9757384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757384" title="Hello Cleveland">
Hello Cleveland

Hello Cleveland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9757385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757385" title="Zahir Howaida">
Zahir Howaida

Zahir Howaida (Persian:ظاهرهویدا) (also spelled as Zahir Huwaida; February 28, 1946 – 5 March 2012) was an Afghan singer. He had been active since the 1970s and his popularity peaked with the hit single "Kamar Bareek-e-Man," the renditions of which are sampled by Iranian and Tajik singers of Tajikistan up until today, or his song " Pari Cheri" sung by many new up and coming talents of Afghanistan like Obaid Juenda and Timor Jalali. In his later years, he lived a secluded life in Germany and seldom performed. Zahir Howaida was from the Chendawol district of Kabul.
His son Arash Howaida has followed his father's steps choosing music as a career.
Mohammad Zahir Howida was born in 1946 in Daikundi. After the birth of Zahir, his father moved his family to Kabul and thereafter transferred to the city of Mazar i Sharif in the Balkh province of northern Afghanistan.
While in Mazar i Sharif, Zahir Howida entered the first grade at the Sultan Ghiassuddin Elementary school in 1953.
The same year Zahir's father died at the age of 33 leaving behind Zahir, his brother and widowed mother. The family moved to Kabul where Zahir attended 2nd grade at the renowned Sayed Jamaluddin Afghan elementary school famous for its arts and humanities courses.
At the age of 13, Zahir's family moved to Booksellers Avenue of Kabul and subsequently entered Isteqlal High School, earning the highest ranking in his class. Zahir didn't find school curriculum very interesting and often cut class to walk across the school to the public library and borrow books of his interest and read.
Zahir spent years at home with a huge kettle of tea, scissor print cigarettes and books about social and political issues. His favorite author was Maxim Gorky and favorite subject was socialism and social democratic ideas.
Upon graduating high school, Zahir attended Institute of Theatre and Arts of Kabul and joined the Kabul Armature Orchestra led by Fazel Ahmad Zekria Naynawaz along with his brother Kabir Howida, Rahim Mehryar, Rahim Jahani and more.
Zahir was a mandolin player and a backup singer for Akbar Ramish at the Isteqlal High school shows celebrating Afghanistan Day. Naynawaz encouraged Zahir to sing solo, but he didn't find it suitable during the live show to sing at a such a short notice. Hamid Estemadi who had a great voice but did not sing publicly since he was a member of the royal family encouraged Zahir to take his place at the Afghanistan Day show. Zahir was dragged on stage by Hamid and he sang his first song, but was faced with displeasure of the crowd. Moments later Zahir appeared in costume during a play and sang another song which delighted the audience and received an endurance of applause. At this orchestra Zahir showed immense talent as a vocalist and earned a scholarship to learn operatic and eastern classical music at Tchaikovsky Institute in Moscow.
Upon his return to Kabul, Zahir began his musical career which brought him overnight success. He composed all his songs with exception of 4 songs which he often credited to their original composers Ahmad Zahir and Mas'hoor Jamal. The songs Rasha dar dast baghban and Gar zolf preishanat are of Ahmad Zahir and Laila mah man shoda shaida and Ay mo telaie are composition of Mas'hoor Jamal.
Zahir Howida toured Tajikistan, Iran, USSR, Europe and Americas. His song "Kamar Bareek" became an instant hit in Iran where for years after many Iranian singers covered the song in concerts and Iranian National TV.
Majority of Zahir Howida's songs are political in nature and anti-establishment. He often spoke out against the monarchy and the first president of Afghanistan Daud Khan. While all artist who wish to appear on National TV were authorized to sing in both Pashtu and Dari, Zahir refused to sing in Pashto claiming that whenever Ustad Awalmeer sings in Dari he will follow up with a song in Pashto.
Zahir after the fall of the republic of Afghanistan into the hands of the Marxist communist regime found many opportunities in National Television and National Radio. He recorded most of his songs during this tenure, hosting a variety show on Television and radio.
After the fall of the communist government, Zahir and his family moved to Germany. He toured the world with stops on North America, Europe and Australia for his farewell concert where he broke his vow and sang in Pashto. He followed the concert with the release of his final Album "Ay Kash".
Zahir Howida's brother is Kabir Howaida, a renowned piano player. His sons Arash Howaida and Qais Howaida are also following the footsteps of their father into the music scene with their own style of music fusion.

</doc>
<doc id="9757387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757387" title="Route 23 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 23 (MTA Maryland)

Route 23 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs the Wal-Mart parking lot in Catonsville, Maryland east through downtown Baltimore to the Fox Ridge community in Essex, serving the corridors of Edmondson Avenue on the west side and Eastern Avenue on the east, and the communities of Edmondson Village, Allendale, Rosemont, Patterson Park, and Eastpoint, and is one of the most heavily used bus routes operated by the MTA.
The bus route is the successor to the 14 Ellicott City, 23 Back and Middle Rivers, and East Fayette Street streetcar lines.
History.
Route 23 began its service as an electrified rail and streetcar line between Middle River and downtown Baltimore in 1897 along much of the same route as today. The streetcar operated until 1942, until the line was converted into a rubber-tire bus service. During these years, Route 23 did not serve the west side of town at all. The western portion of today's route was primarily served by the no. 14 streetcar (no relationship to today's Route 14 that operates between Baltimore and Annapolis). Service was also provided through Essex and Middle River on the Back River Trolley.
In 1942, the no. 23 streetcar service was discontinued. It was then replaced by Bus Route P, which operated until 1950.
The no. 23 designation returned to Eastern Avenue on January 22, 1950. But westside service on this line did not begin until 1954, when Route 23 absorbed part of the route of the former Route 14, which had operated between Ellicott City and downtown Baltimore. Route 23 was extended west to Catonsville along the US 40 and the Edmondson Avenue corridor, serving Edmondson Village. At that time, the full route of Route 23 ran from Edmondson Village to Middle River.
Over the years, a series of selected trips on each side of Route 23 were added. The communities served by these branches were:
The Hawthorne, Wilson Point, and Victory Villa services were incorporations of the defunct Rosedale Passenger Lines, which provided shuttle services to Route 23.
Over the years, Route 23 was heavily criticized. Riders complained of overcrowded buses, that the route was slow and unreliable, and that service to certain communities was sparsely provided.
MTA was able to address some of these concerns. During the 1990s, additional trips were added on certain heavily used branches. In addition, Oliver Beach service, which operated to the farthest point from downtown, was moved to the express Route 160 for faster service, and selected Route 160 trips operated from Fox Ridge. In 1993, Route 24 was also modified to provide additional midday and weekend service to Victory Villa, from which riders could transfer to Route 23 to travel downtown.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, a comprehensive overhaul for the region's transit system, Route 23 faced numerous changes.
Initially, it was planned that the line would operate from Catonsville to Fox Ridge on all trips, with all other branches eliminated or replaced by other lines. Riders on the Middle River and Victory Villa branches were directed to transfer to/from Route 24, and all other riders were expected to walk to Eastern or Edmondson Avenues. However, after public outcry, the Wildwood branch was retained.
The line also saw routing changes in the downtown area, and in East Baltimore. The route downtown was shifted from Saratoga Street to Fayette and Baltimore Streets, depending on the direction of travel, and in East Baltimore, service was shifted from Grundy/Haven Streets to Bayview Boulevard in order to serve Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center.
In addition, the line's frequency was cut virtually in half at most times. Rush hour service, which had operated every 7–8 minutes, was reduced to one bus every 15 minutes. Midday service, which had operated every 10–12 minutes, was reduced to one bus every 15 minutes. Saturday service was reduced from 15 to 30 minutes, and Sunday service from 30 minutes to hourly.
The cost savings generated from the reduction in service was used to operate a new, limited-stop service known as Route 40 (now ""QuickBus""). The line, which overlaps on much of the route, but serves the Security Boulevard corridor rather than Catonsville, provides limited-stop service for faster travel. MTA believed that operating such a service would absorb much of Route 23's ridership while improving bus service over the corridor.
The overhaul of Route 23, which took effect on October 23, 2005, was not met pleasantly by riders. Many complained about the reduction in service while Route 40 did not stop near their streets, and did not meet their needs in any way. Also, some complained about routing changes. Most notably, businesses along Saratoga Street in downtown Baltimore reported a massive loss in customers who waited for buses near their shops.
MTA responded to complaints about the Saratoga Street losses. On February 26, 2006, the no. 23 was once again modified to serve the small businesses on Saratoga Street while retaining part of its new route on the Fayette/Baltimore Street corridor.
East of Middle River.
Currently, Route 23 does not provide any service east of Back River Neck Road, but the line did in the past. Today, riders wishing to travel to points along the Eastern Boulevard corridor east of Back River Neck Road must transfer to another line. Service is available in this area on several other routes.
Route 4 operates along Eastern between North Point Boulevard and Martin Boulevard. Regular service from Middle River to Whispering Woods is provided on Route 24. Route 160 provides four express trips daily to/from Oliver Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="9757390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757390" title="South Cascade Glacier">
South Cascade Glacier

South Cascade Glacier is a large alpine glacier in the North Cascades of Washington, USA. It is bordered on the east by Sentinel Peak, and is about north of Glacier Peak in the Glacier Peak Wilderness. Meltwater from the glacier flows directly into South Cascade Lake, which feeds the South Fork Cascade River, which is a tributary of the Skagit River.
The South Cascade Glacier has been closely monitored by glaciologists studying the effects of climate on glaciers. Between 1958 and 2009 South Cascade Glacier lost nearly a half of its volume.

</doc>
<doc id="9757420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757420" title="Black Fiction">
Black Fiction

Black Fiction is an indie rock band from San Francisco, CA.
History.
The band came about because of a friendship between multi-instrumentalist and songwriter, Tim Cohen and bassist Evan Martin. The two met in 1999 while working together, and would write songs during their lunch breaks. Over the years following their meeting, Cohen and Martin worked on numerous musical projects together, eventually getting an invitation to perform in the Mission Creek Music and Arts Festival. Unfortunately, their project at the time, Feller Quentin, no longer existed when the festival came around. Not wanting to miss out, Cohen and Martin convinced percussionist Jon Bernson to join the band with his friends, synth player Jason Chavez and keyboardist Joe Roberts. The newly formed band was called Black Fiction. Anthony Marin, who plays the drums, glockenspiel and triangle, joined on soon after. The band's first album, "Ghost Ride", was released in 2006 on the Howells Transmitter label.

</doc>
<doc id="9757430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757430" title="Autumn Sun">
Autumn Sun

Autumn Sun () is a 1996 Argentine drama film directed by Eduardo Mignogna and starring Norma Aleandro and Federico Luppi. It was written by Mignogna and Santiago Carlos Oves. Lita Stantic was the executive producer.
Synopsis.
Clara Goldstein (Norma Aleandro) is a Jewish woman who places a personal ad in the Buenos Aires newspaper requesting the company of an older Jewish man. Her sole respondent, Raul Ferraro (Federico Luppi) turns out to be a Gentile from Uruguay. Clara at first spurns him, but soon she realizes she needs him: Her brother is coming to visit her from Boston, and she has been lying to him about being in a romantic relationship. Fortunately, Raul goes along with the ruse. Not long after, the couple begin to fall in love.
Reception.
Critic Russell Smith lauded the film and especially the acting wrote, "Not only do Luppi ("Men with Guns," "Cronos") and Aleandro present images of mature ardor that compare favorably with the late-career work of Mastroianni and Loren, they also impressively overcome certain Hollywood-like contrivances of plot and dialogue the latter two actors seldom had to contend with. It's a tribute to these stars that, even given the trite situation of the love-shy odd couple gradually facing the inevitable, every halting step they take toward each other feels like a mini-triumph of love's power over the schoolmarmish intellect. They portray with touching specificity what it's like to crave total surrender to love even after long years of experience have proven the foolhardiness of such blind leaps. Not even the blatantly market-tested ending (a malady that seems to be spreading worldwide like Hong Kong flu) detracts from the pleasure of this admirable, eminently watchable date flick. Well worth the price of admission, whether or not you qualify for the senior discount."

</doc>
<doc id="9757440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757440" title="Justin Trosper">
Justin Trosper

Justin Trosper is an American singer, guitarist, and songwriter, born in Olympia, Washington. He fronted the post-hardcore band Unwound from 1991 to 2002. He has also been a member of bands such as Replikants, The Young Ginns, and Worst Case Scenario. Most of his work has been released on the independent record label Kill Rock Stars.
Trosper has been a record producer for several Olympia-area bands, primarily at Unwound's self-built recording studio, MagRecOne. He has worked on albums by artists such as Thrones (Joe Preston), Young People, Shoplifting, Godzik Pink, Bangs, Long Hind Legs, Anna Oxygen, and The Magic Magicians.
In the early 1990s, he self-published a punk/indie rock fanzine, "Joe Preston's Legs AKA Germ of Youth". He is also friend of Bikini Kill's Tobi Vail and has a graduate from the Evergreen State College. In 2012, Trosper formed Survival Knife with former Unwound drummer Brandt Sandeno in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9757457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757457" title="Quantum processing unit">
Quantum processing unit

A Quantum Processing Unit (QPU) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on qubits. It, most likely, will piggy back on a Central processing unit (CPU) just like the Floating point unit (FPU) did in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9757464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757464" title="Sir Arthur Gore, 1st Baronet">
Sir Arthur Gore, 1st Baronet

Sir Arthur Gore, 1st Baronet (c. 1640 – 20 December 1697) was an Irish soldier and politician.
Gore was the second son of Sir Paul Gore, 1st Baronet and his wife Isabella Wycliffe, daughter of Francis Wycliffe. In 1656, he was High Sheriff of Mayo and additionally High Sheriff of County Galway. He was appointed constable of Fort Falkland for life in August 1660 and in December of that year he became major of a company of foot. He entered the Irish House of Commons in 1661 and represented Mayo until 1666. On 10 April 1662, he was created a Baronet, of Newtown, in the County of Mayo. He served as Sheriff for Mayo again in 1670 and was nominated High Sheriff of Leitrim in 1677.
Gore married Eleanor St George, daughter of Sir George St George. They had seven daughters and four sons. Gore died in 1697 and was buried at St Muredach's Cathedral, Ballina; his wife survived him until 1713. His oldest son Paul having predeceased him in 1689, he was succeeded in the baronetcy by the latter's son and thus his grandson Arthur. His third son William sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Leitrim and his fourth son George was sometime Attorney General for Ireland and a judge of the Court of Common Pleas (Ireland).
Of his daughters, Anne married Colonel John French of Frenchpark, nicknamed "An Tiarna Mór" (the Great Lord). They were the great-grandparents of Arthur French, 1st Baron de Freyne. Lettice married William Caulfeild and Eleanor married Edward Wingfield and was the mother of Richard Wingfield, 1st Viscount Powerscourt of the third creation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9757471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757471" title="Brest-Aspe station">
Brest-Aspe station

Brest-Aspe is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Buxtehude.

</doc>
<doc id="9757480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757480" title="Umbilical point">
Umbilical point

In the differential geometry of surfaces in three dimensions, umbilics or umbilical points are points on a surface that are locally spherical. At such points the normal curvature in all directions are equal, hence, both principal curvatures are equal, and every tangent vector is a "principal direction". The name "umbilic" comes from the Latin "umbilicus" - navel.
Umbilic points generally occur as isolated points in the elliptical region of the surface; that is, where the Gaussian curvature is positive. For a surfaces with genus 0, e.g. an ellipsoid, there must be at least four umbilics, a consequence of the Poincaré–Hopf theorem.
The sphere is the only surface with non-zero curvature where every point is umbilic. A flat umbilic is an umbilic with zero Gaussian curvature. The monkey saddle is an example of a surface with a flat umbilic and on the plane every point is a flat umbilic.
The three main type of umbilic points are elliptical umbilics, parabolic umbilics and hyperbolic umbilics. Elliptical umbilics have the three ridge lines passing through the umbilic and hyperbolic umbilics have just one. Parabolic umbilics are a transitional case with two ridges one of which is singular. Other configurations are possible for transitional cases. These cases correspond to the "D"4-, "D"5 and "D"4+ elementary catastrophes of René Thom's catastrophe theory.
Umbilics can also be characterised by the pattern of the principal direction vector field around the umbilic which typically form one of three configurations: star, lemon, and lemonstar (or monstar). The index of the vector field is either −½ (star) or ½ (lemon, monstar). Elliptical and parabolic umbilics always have the star pattern, whilst hyperbolic umbilics can be star, lemon, or monstar. This classification was first due to Darboux and the names come from Hannay.
Classification of umbilics.
Cubic forms.
The classification of umbilics is closely linked to the classification of real cubic forms formula_1. A cubic form will have a number of root lines formula_2 such that the cubic form is zero for all real formula_3. There are a number of possibilities including:
The equivalence classes of such cubics under uniform scaling form a three-dimensional real projective space and the subset of parabolic forms define a surface – called the umbilic bracelet by Christopher Zeeman. Taking equivalence classes under rotation of the coordinate system removes one further parameter and a cubic forms can be represent by the complex cubic form formula_8 with a single complex parameter formula_9. Parabolic forms occur when formula_10, the inner deltoid, elliptical forms are inside the deltoid and hyperbolic one outside. If formula_11 and formula_9 is not a cube root of unity then the cubic form is a "right-angled cubic form" which play a special role for umbilics. If formula_13 then two of the root lines are orthogonal.
A second cubic form, the "Jacobian" is formed by taking the Jacobian determinant of the vector valued function formula_14, formula_15. Up to a constant multiple this is the cubic form formula_16. Using complex numbers the Jacobian is a parabolic cubic form when formula_17, the outer deltoid in the classification diagram.
Umbilic classification.
Any surface with an isolated umbilic point at the origin can be expressed as a Monge form parameterisation formula_18, where formula_19 is the unique principal curvature. The type of umbilic is classified by the cubic form from the cubic part and corresponding Jacobian cubic form. Whilst principal directions are not uniquely defined at an umbilic the limits of the principal directions when following a ridge on the surface can be found and these correspond to the root-lines of the cubic form. The pattern of lines of curvature is determined by the Jacobian.
The classification of umbilic points is as follows:
In a generic family of surfaces umbilics can be created, or destroyed, in pairs: the "birth of umbilics" transition. Both umbilics will be hyperbolic, one with a star pattern and one with a monstar pattern. The outer circle in the diagram, a right angle cubic form, gives these transitional cases. Symbolic umbilics are a special case of this.
Focal surface.
The elliptical umbilics and hyperbolic umbilics have distinctly different focal surfaces. A ridge on the surface corresponds to a cuspidal edges so each sheet of the elliptical focal surface will have three cuspidal edges which come together at the umbilic focus and then switch to the other sheet. For a hyperbolic umbilic there is a single cuspidal edge which switch from one sheet to the other.
Definition in higher dimension in Riemannian manifolds.
A point "p" in a Riemannian submanifold is umbilical if, at "p", the (vector-valued) Second fundamental form is some normal vector tensor the induced metric (First fundamental form). Equivalently, for all vectors "U", "V" at "p", II("U", "V") = "g""p"("U", "V")formula_20, where formula_20 is the mean curvature vector at "p". 
A submanifold is said to be umbilic (or all-umbilic) if this condition holds at every point "p". This is equivalent to saying that the submanifold can be made totally geodesic by an appropriate conformal change of the metric of the surrounding ("ambient") manifold. For example, a surface in Euclidean space is umbilic if and only if it is a piece of a sphere.

</doc>
<doc id="9757489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757489" title="Bargstedt station">
Bargstedt station

Bargstedt is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben.

</doc>
<doc id="9757498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757498" title="Henry Roe Cloud">
Henry Roe Cloud

Henry Roe Cloud (1884–1950) was a Ho-Chunk Native American, enrolled in the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska, who served as an educator, college administrator, U.S. federal government official (in the Office of Indian Affairs), Presbyterian minister, and reformer.
Early life.
Henry Roe Cloud was born December 28, 1884, a member of the Bird Clan, on the Winnebago Reservation in northeastern Nebraska and was orphaned when his parents died in 1896 and 1897. After his education in a series of government schools, his intellectual ambition, academic performance, and personal qualities brought him in 1901 to the private Mount Hermon Preparatory School (now Northfield Mount Hermon School) in Massachusetts. He financed his education through the school's work-study program and was introduced to the social circles of America's ruling elite. He graduated a salutatorian in 1906 and the school served as his conduit into the Ivy League.
College education.
Cloud was the first full-blood Native American to attend Yale College, graduating in 1910 and earning a master's degree in 1912. He was a campus celebrity due to the force of his personality and speaking skills, and in an era when rhetoric was an art, he was especially accomplished, attracting large audiences on campus and in national venues. One measure of his prestige as an undergraduate was being tapped for the Yale senior society, Elihu.
While an undergraduate, Cloud attended a lecture by the missionary, Mary Wickham Roe, a member of a prominent New England family involved in evangelical Christian mission work. He established a close relationship with her and her husband, Reverend Dr. Walter C. Roe. The couple adopted him, and he took their surname as his middle name.
Cloud received a bachelor of arts degree in psychology and philosophy in 1910 and a master of arts in anthropology in 1912, both from Yale. From 1910-1911 he studied sociology at Oberlin College. He attended Auburn Theological Seminary in New York, where he earned a bachelor of divinity degree and was ordained as a Presbyterian minister in 1913. He returned to school and received a doctorate of divinity from Emporia College, Kansas in 1932.
Career.
In a dissertation by a Purdue University scholar, Cloud's significance is described ""as a reformer, an educator, and Indian Service official. As a prominent Indian figure of the 1920s and 1930s, Cloud's life demonstrates how and to what extent Indians were able to influence federal Indian policy. His life also provides a window into the close ties between progressive ideas and the evangelical Protestant Christianity that prompted and guided many of the reform efforts in the first decades of the twentieth century. Cloud's work also shows him to be capable of moving beyond this Progressive Era paradigm of assimilation and embracing new currents of reform such as the push for cultural pluralism.""
His career with the Office of Indian Affairs and the Brookings Institute focused on the efforts to establish modern schools for Native American youth. He became superintendent of the Haskell Institute, now known as Haskell Indian Nations University, in Lawrence, Kansas, in 1933.
"Cloud was instrumental in winning acceptance of the Wheeler-Howard Act, known also as the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934."
In 1947, he was appointed the Superintendent of the Umatilla Indian Reservation. "In 1948, he was appointed regional representative for the Grande Ronde and Siletz Indian Agencies in Oregon."
Family.
Henry Roe Cloud's wife, Elizabeth Bender Roe Cloud (1888-1965), spoke widely on American Indian affairs, and served on the Indian Welfare Committee for the General Federation of Women’s Clubs, and won the American Mother of the Year Award in 1950 for her work.
His granddaughter, Renya Ramirez, is an American Studies professor at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
Death and legacy.
Henry Roe Cloud died of a heart attack in Siletz, Oregon, on February 9, 1950. He was buried in Beaverton, Oregon. An entry on Cloud is included in the American National Biography, Vol 5 (1999) and his personal papers are housed as a distinct series in the "Roe Family Papers" in Sterling Memorial Library's Manuscripts and Archives collection at Yale University.
The majority of Cloud's papers, personal photographs, and documents (relating to Yale and the Mount Hermon school) and theological society parchments as well as papers from his work until his death in 1950 are in the care of Henry's Great Grandson, Shahn Roe Cloud Hughes in Portland, Oregon.
The Henry Roe Cloud conference was held at Yale in 2010, "celebrating 100 years of Native American education."
Yale University Press publishes a series of books, The Henry Roe Cloud Series on American Indians and Modernity.

</doc>
<doc id="9757561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757561" title="Manti High School">
Manti High School

Manti High School is a public high school located in Manti, Utah, United States, and is part of the South Sanpete School District. Students from Manti, Ephraim and Sterling attend the school.
Athletics.
Manti moved up to the 3A classification for the 2009–2010 school year. Manti moved back to the 2A classification in 2011.
Men's Basketball.
In the first couple of years that Manti High had a basketball team, it defeated nearly every opponent and placed third in the State Invitational Tournament. The men's basketball team won the 2A state title in 1966, 2003, 2008.
Football.
Manti High School was the 2A state football champion in 1999, 2003, 2011, and 2012.
Women's Softball.
Manti's women's softball team won the 2A state title 3 consecutive years, from 2005 to 2007. They also took state in 2009, and 2012.
Baseball.
Manti High School won the Utah State class 2A baseball championship in 1991 and 1996 Manti was also the 2A state champion in 2003.
Drill Team.
Manti's drill team, the Templarettes, took the State title in 1999, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2013.
Men's Tennis.
In 2012 the men's tennis team placed first at state. The team also claimed 11 state titles in 53 years under coach Wilbur Braithwaite.
Men's Soccer.
In 2008 the school officially began to sponsor a men's soccer team. The team placed first in state in 2012.
Academic Competitions.
Manti High School took first place in their division in the Snow College math contest in 2007, 2010, 2011, and 2013. Manti High School also had the first place individual in the division in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, and 2011.
Traditions.
The "M".
The tradition of having an "M" representing the high school on the mountain likely originated in an attempt to imitate the "Y" for Brigham Young University in Provo or the "S" for Snow College in Ephraim. Originally the "M" was on Duncan Hill in 1919. In 1928–29 the block M was made in its current location out of plain rocks over about an acre of land. In 1930 the "M" was whitewashed to enhance visibility and has been whitewashed in every weather-permitting year since. The whitewashing tradition was originally called May Day in 1942, but has since been shortened to M-day. In 1977 the class of 1978 created the number "78" to the right of the "M" for their graduation year. On M-day (which typically takes place the last week of school) freshman, sophomores, and juniors clear vegetation from around the M and whitewash it to keep it visible. In addition, the juniors change the number to the right of the "M" to the last two digits of their graduation year. As a tradition, the outline of the "M" is often lit up during homecoming week.
Letter-lighting.
The letter-lighting tradition began in 1931. Each year during homecoming week, students from each class fill white paper bags with dirt and place a candle in each. These bags are used to outline shapes for their class (S for seniors, J for juniors, S for sophomores, and F for freshman). The bags are laid out in the nearby fairgrounds in the grandstand arena, and when it gets dark the candles are lit. Letter-lighting at the current location in the fairgrounds began in either 2001 or 2002. Previously letter-lighting took place by students collecting cans, filling them up with used motor oil, and outlining their class letters on the mountainside up Manti Canyon over the old gravel pit. When the tradition began in 1931 the letters were arranged vertically with the senior S at the top. Later the letters were arranged to be horizontally in line with each other. The traditional also included a bonfire and hot-dog roast at Brox's Campgrounds. The indefinite moving of the tradition to the fairgrounds in 2001 or 2002 was due to worries about fire and environmental damage from the oil.

</doc>
<doc id="9757592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757592" title="Apensen station">
Apensen station

Apensen is a railway station, located in the municipality Apensen, Lower Saxony, in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Buxtehude.
As of 2009, the station was included in the fare zone of the Hamburger Verkehrsverbund.

</doc>
<doc id="9757594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757594" title="Ruschwedel station">
Ruschwedel station

Ruschwedel is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg-Neugraben. 

</doc>
<doc id="9757595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757595" title="Harsefeld station">
Harsefeld station

Harsefeld is a railway station in northwestern Germany. It is owned and operated by EVB, with regular trains on the line between Bremerhaven and Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9757596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757596" title="The Milky Way (1969 film)">
The Milky Way (1969 film)

The Milky Way () is a 1969 film directed by Luis Buñuel. It stars Laurent Terzieff, Paul Frankeur, Delphine Seyrig, Georges Marchal and Michel Piccoli. Buñuel later called "The Milky Way" the first in a trilogy (along with "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie" and "The Phantom of Liberty") about “the search for truth."
The title of the film comes from the fact that original name for the Milky Way was the Way of St. James which directed pilgrims from northern Europe to Spain.
Synopsis.
In the film, two men travel the ancient pilgrimage road to Santiago de Compostela and meet embodiments of various Catholic heresies along the way. These religious events are based on actual historical documents. For instance, the archbishop whose corpse is exhumed and publicly burned is based on Archbishop Carranza of Toledo. The film ends with the following text:
"The Milky Way" plays with time. The two main characters often encounter individuals in the dress of various time periods throughout history, or historical events take place in the modern setting of the film, including scenes from the life of Jesus Christ. In his autobiography, Buñuel explains that he wanted to put Jesus Christ in the film because he "wanted to show him as an ordinary man, laughing, running, mistaking his way, preparing to shave — to show, in other words, all those aspects completely alien to our traditional iconography."
Often, these encounters involve conversations or arguments regarding a specific Catholic doctrine or heresy, and are intended to show the absurdity of making absolute statements about such topics as a "matter of fact". Two heresies prominent in the film are Priscillianism and Jansenism.
Plot.
Two French vagrants, Pierre and Jean, decide to take the pilgrimage route from Paris to Santiago de Compostela along the traditional Way of St. James. As they walk along a roadside in France, they encounter a man in a black cape who tells them to sleep with a prostitute and have children with her. Then the pilgrims reach an inn, where a police sergeant and a priest are discussing the nature of the eucharist and whether the body of Christ enters it by transubstantiation or consubstantiation. The discussion ends absurdly as the priest is taken away by staff from a nearby mental hospital. Later on, the pilgrims find shelter for the night on a farm while a secret Priscillian sect is meeting nearby. The secret service involves ritual repetition, a short statement of faith, followed by sexual encounters between the male and female congregation. Next, the pilgrims seek food from an upscale restaurant, wherein the manager is explaining to his staff the controversy of the divinity of Jesus Christ as debated during the First Council of Nicaea. Later on, the pilgrims pass by a boarding school and watch the children perform for their parents and teachers. As a class of young girls recites heresies and proclaim them "anathema", one of the pilgrims imagines the execution of a pope by a band of revolutionaries. Further on, after they curse a passing car, it crashes and the driver is killed. Investigating the wreckage, they encounter a strange man, maybe the Devil, who gives one of the pilgrims the dead man's shoes. Then the pilgrims come across a chapel, where a group of Jansenist nuns is nailing one nun to a wooden cross. Outside, a Jesuit and a Jansenist have a sword duel while arguing over doctrines of predestination and irresistible grace for sinners.
Finally, the two pilgrims reach Spain, where they agree to take care of a donkey for two other men. These new men leave the pilgrims travel to a nearby abbey where they watch the official desecration of a priest's grave because of the discovery of heretical posthumous writings regarding the nature of the trinity. The two men proclaim loudly that the Godhead is not trinitarian and escape. In the forest, they switch clothes with some hunters swimming in a lake, and destroy by gunfire a rosary discovered in one of their pockets. Later that night, a vision of the Virgin Mary appears to them and returns the rosary. The two men and the original pilgrims meet again at an inn, where they tell a local priest about their recent miraculous vision. The priest recounts another miracle, in which the Virgin Mary takes the form and duties of an errant nun for several years until the nun returns to the convent as if she had never left. Later that night, the priest further explains how her virginity must have remained intact during both the spiritual conception and the physical birth of Jesus, like "sunshine penetrating a window".
On the outskirts of Santiago de Compostela, the two pilgrims meet a prostitute who wants to become pregnant and gives the same names for the children as those predicted by the man in the cape at the beginning of the film. In the last episode of the film, two blind men encounter Jesus and his disciples. Their blindness is healed but they cannot understand what they are seeing or walk unaided.

</doc>
<doc id="9757600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757600" title="She Has No Strings Apollo">
She Has No Strings Apollo

She Has No Strings Apollo is the sixth major album by Australian trio, Dirty Three.
Cover art by guitarist Mick Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="9757612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757612" title="CalTV">
CalTV

CalTV is University of California, Berkeley's ASUC sponsored online television network. Programming is student run, and broadcast online, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at CalTV.org, YouTube. Since its founding, CalTV has grown into one of the largest student-run television organizations on the West Coast.
History.
Though there had been multiple attempts to get a television station for Berkeley off the ground, it wasn't until Spring 2005 that the ASUC was able to allocate sufficient seed money towards setting up an online TV network.
Technology.
CalTV uses a unique combination of web and digital media technologies to produce its online broadcasts. As its web platform, CalTV uses standards compliant and customized content management system coupled with the YouTube's online video player. For producing content, CalTV utilizes a Canon 60D DSLR, the industry standard Final Cut Pro video production software running on Apple iMac G5. With continued support from the student government, CalTV intends to invest further in its technology platform, thereby fulfilling its goals towards the Cal community.
CalTV also podcasts its content. The podcast feed is available through the iTunes Music Store.
Content.
Seven different departments make up CalTV- four on-camera and three behind-the-scenes. They include:
On-Camera
Behind-the-Scenes
The station's content has evolved with time. In its first iteration, the station produced a single show focusing exclusively on news events (local, national and international) but produced in a citizen journalism mode. The show featured brief backgrounds on stories introduced by CalTV journalists followed by opinion from Berkeley students and professors.
With time, CalTV's content expanded into sports, arts and eventually entertainment. "The CalTV Sports Highlight" was born in 2006 and covered California football, baseball, water polo and much more. The semester of Spring 2007 marked the debut of "The CalTV Show", an off-beat news show offering a summary of local and national news as well as commentary on issues of concern to students. "The CalTV Show" has now since been renamed "The CalBear Report."
CalTV sports features high octane highlights of Cal sports action, including "The CalTV Sports Highlight" which airs every Monday. Also included in the programming are CalTV sports' "Back and Forth" and "Sports Shorts." "Back and Forth" resembles ESPN's Pardon the Interruption and features banter on all sports related topics from the Cal Football Team to Women's Field Hockey. "Sports Shorts" features updates on recent teams in action, as well as interviews with students on Sproul Plaza. A new show, "Bear in Mind" has since also been added and cover many off-the-field stories on student athletes and teams.
CalTV News features many informative weekly shows including Berkeley Beat, CalConnect, InFocus, and Investigative Report.
CalTV debuted its Entertainment programming in 2010 when the former Music Department officially changed its name to Entertainment.
Special events.
CalTV has also been involved in the coverage of many on-campus and off-campus special events. These events included exclusive interviews with such celebrities as:
Funding.
CalTV has been supported in a large way by the Associated Students of the University of California (ASUC). CalTV also works closely with Big Ideas @ Berkeley, an initiative that provides funding, support, and encouragement to interdisciplinary teams at UC Berkeley. The station has also been exploring revenue generation through ads and promotional activities.
Footage.
CalTV's footage has been featured on numerous media outlets including:
Alumni.
CalTV Alumni have gone on the work in the media industry for companies such as:
Recognition.
CalTV has been recognized in local media. The Daily Cal, Berkeley's newspaper, published articles on CalTV [http://www.dailycal.org/sharticle.php?id=19714 .
The station has also gaining visibility in the Berkeley blogging community [http://calstuff.blogsome.com/2007/01/25/new-caltv-launch/.

</doc>
<doc id="9757620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757620" title="Kapustnik">
Kapustnik

Kapustnik (, which could be translated in English as "Cabbage festival") is the Russian tradition of celebration. Generally, it is a medley of well-known songs, in which all the lyrics have been changed to celebrate (or poke fun at) the guests of honor. A typical Kapustnik may have several scenes, lasting approximately 10 minutes, and is performed by one or more singers/actors with piano accompaniment, or karaoke-style playback.
Background.
Origins.
The Russian word kapustnik refers to cabbage, or cabbage pie. In the 18th century, kapustniki referred to “harvesting and processing cabbage at the invitation of one's neighbors” It usually involved the women of a village gathering to chop cabbage—which happened to be a long and laborious event. This pertained to the forty days of Lent; people had to abstain from meat, milk, and other animal products, which made cabbage the common food in meals. After chopping the cabbage up and soaking it in brine, people were able to get much of the nutrition they lacked during winter months. The kapustnik pie was baked using the leftover cabbage from the brining barrel. The women at these gatherings often enjoyed each other's company, talking, gossiping, and singing among other things. As Lent restricted the Russians' diet as well as social activity, kapustniki in the form variety shows began in the 19th century. Like cabbage pie, a kapustnik showcases its variety of layers that make up a delicious—and entertaining—product. They were often performed at this time in houses of Russian nobility.
Theatre Tradition.
Outside of parties, kapustniki are a tradition in Russian theatre. To have one, actors choose an evening when no performance is planned and show their own funny plays for each other. Although rarely is anyone from outside the Theatre's staff invited, many fans try to get in anyway. Due to their questionable copyright, Kapustniks can rarely be broadcast or recorded.
An important person in the kapustnik history is Mikhail Shchepkin, one of Russia's most famous actors who rose in fame at the Moscow Maly Theater in the middle of the 19th century. He hosted a great number of post-show parties at his home, where, as a skilled storyteller, he would grab everyone's attention. These gatherings involved much game-playing and improvised performances for actors and writers to poke fun at one another; this came to be known as the satirical kapustnik.
It was not until the early 20th century that the kapustnik became an official form of theatre; the first paying one was staged in 1910 at the Moscow Arts Theatre. This public kapustnik had evolved because the audience was now involved and most productions included satire of current events. This new humor typically poked fun at tricky, intelligent jokes rather than playful ones. Constantin Stanislavski, director of the Theatre at the time of the premiere, helped influence the form of other successful ones to come. He was very skilled and understanding of the specific humor needed for kapustniki: “It was just a comic dig at pretense, a caricature of the funny side of things, a satire on the corruptibility real problems.” 
The following is a description of a typical successful act (here a circus act in the middle of a kapustnik):
"Stanislavsky, as the ringmaster, appeared in top hat and tails, with a huge nose and black mustache. He cracked a whip, and onto the stage galloped a trained stallion, played by another actor. The sketch ended with a quadrille performed by the whole troupe, riding on hobby-horses." 
Kapustiki (Village Dances).
In a typical Russian village, kapustiki (a variety word of kapustniki) dancing activities followed a night of games and songs. Spring was a popular time for these. Often good-humored and sentimental, the games ranged from “bride and groom” games to “Zavivat Berezku”, which involved curling the branches of a birch tree (Russia's national tree) to attract a boyfriend. There were bonfires and mummers wearing animal masks to add to the festivities. The kapustiki dances dances accompanied by flutes and balalaikas. Kapustiki have not always been accepted in Russia's changing society. When Christianity became the prominent religion in a region, priests often prohibited dances, like the kapustiki, and replaced them by "sviatye" or “saintly” events, created to ensure appropriate censorship from sin for the people.
Miscellaneous.
Russian for “cabbage eater”, kapustnik is another name for the Steller's Sea Cow, a large sea animal with origins in the North Pacific ocean; presumed extinct since 1768.
References.
sample kapustnik, dedicated to the "Jubilee of a Department" - in Russian

</doc>
<doc id="9757629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757629" title="Almudena Muñoz">
Almudena Muñoz

Almudena Muñoz Martínez (born November 4, 1968 in Valencia) is a former judo competitor from Spain who won the gold medal in women's 52 kg division at the 1992 Summer Olympics of Barcelona, Spain. Muñoz also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics of Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9757648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757648" title="Z* theorem">
Z* theorem

In mathematics, George Glauberman's Z* theorem is stated as follows:
This generalizes the Brauer–Suzuki theorem (and the proof uses the Brauer-Suzuki theorem to deal with some small cases).
The original paper gave several criteria for an element to lie outside "Z*"("G"). Its theorem 4 states:
For an element "t" in "T", it is necessary and sufficient for "t" to lie outside "Z*"("G") that there is some "g" in "G" and abelian subgroup "U" of "T" satisfying the following properties:
Moreover "g" may be chosen to have prime power order if "t" is in the center of "T", and "g" may be chosen in "T" otherwise.
A simple corollary is that an element "t" in "T" is not in "Z*"("G") if and only if there is some "s" ≠ "t" such that "s" and "t" commute and "s" and "t" are "G" conjugate.
A generalization to odd primes was recorded in : if "t" is an element of prime order "p" and the commutator ["t", "g"] has order coprime to "p" for all "g", then "t" is central modulo the "p"′-core. This was also generalized to odd primes and to compact Lie groups in , which also contains several useful results in the finite case.

</doc>
<doc id="9757650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757650" title="Margaret B. Blackman">
Margaret B. Blackman

Margaret B. Blackman (1944- ) is an anthropologist known for her work with the Haida First Nation of the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada, beginning in the 1970s.
She is, and has been for many years, a professor of anthropology at the State University of New York at Brockport.
Her best-known work is a collaborative biography of the Haida artist Florence Davidson, published in 1982

</doc>
<doc id="9757669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757669" title="J. Clifford Hudson">
J. Clifford Hudson

J. Clifford Hudson (born 1954, Dallas) is an American business executive best known for serving as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Oklahoma City-based Sonic Corp. He also serves as a trustee of the Ford Foundation and was a past chairman of the board of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Personal life.
Hudson is a graduate of the University of Oklahoma and Georgetown University Law Center. He is married to Dr. Leslie Hudson, a public health professional and former associate professor at the University of Oklahoma, with whom he has two sons. In his spare time, he has been a member of the Sonic Tones, an eight-member band made up of senior executives of the Sonic Corporation, which competed in the 2003 Battle of the Corporate Bands at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio.
Career.
After graduating from law school, Hudson practiced law. After several years as a practicing attorney he was hired as the head of the legal department for Sonic Corp in 1984. He became president and chief executive officer in 1995, and was named chairman in January 2000. During his tenure, the company has grown from a nation-wide total of 1,428 locations in 1995 to more than 3,500 today, with locations in 43 of the 50 US states. In addition, average drive-in sales have increased by 65% and system-wide sales from $880 million to $3.5 billion. The company's enterprise value has grown from approximately $200 million to more than $1.0 billion.
Philanthropy.
Hudson is a member of the board of trustees of the Ford Foundation and is a past chairman of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. He is also chairman of Georgetown University Law Center's Board of Visitors and has served as chairman of the Oklahoma City Public School Board of Education. In 1994, he was appointed by President Bill Clinton to serve as chairman of the Board of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, and served until 2001. In addition to this he has served on numerous boards related to Oklahoma City including MAPS for Kids—a $700 million school revitalization program. From 1999 through 2008, Hudson was engaged in a rebuilding plan and turnaround effort of the Oklahoma City Public Schools in which he co-chaired the MAPS for Kids campaign. Hudson has also presented the city’s schools substantial monetary contributions of his own, including $500,000 toward a rehabilitation of the auditorium at Northwest Classen High School, his alma mater.
Awards and Honors.
Hudson received the 2004 Silver Plate - Foodservice Operator of the Year Award from International Foodservice Manufacturers Association, and the 2000 Multi-Unit Foodservice Operators (MUFSO) Golden Chain Award from Nation's Restaurant News. He has been a guest on various national business programs including CNBC's Mad Money, Squawkbox and Power Lunch, as well as various Bloomberg news programs. In 2009, he was placed on the Foundation for Oklahoma City Public Schools Hall of Fame for his longstanding service. In 2001 Hudson received the University’s Regents Award from the University of Oklahoma and, in 2011, the University of Oklahoma conferred to him an honorary doctorate degree in humane letters as a “civic leader and supporter of education”.

</doc>
<doc id="9757684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757684" title="Treaty of El Pardo (1778)">
Treaty of El Pardo (1778)

The Treaty of El Pardo was signed on March 11, 1778 between Queen Maria I of Portugal and King Charles III of Spain. The treaty aimed at resolving long-standing territorial disputes arising from non-observance of the terms of the Treaty of Tordesillas and subsequent treaties to resolve the matter. Most recently, was the continued strife at the southern tip of Portuguese advance into region of the Misiones Orientales and present-day Uruguay and parts of Paraguay, the Spanish–Portuguese War, 1761–1763 and the Spanish–Portuguese War, 1776–1777.
The main issue was the penetration by Portuguese Bandeirantes deep into the South American hinterland, in violation of the division imposed by the treaty of Tordesillas. The new treaty recognised the principle of "uti possidetis", already followed in earlier treaties. However, doing so recognised Portuguese dominion over vast swathes of present-day Brazil, whereas the Spanish had stayed out of Africa in observance of the Treaty of Tordesillas. 
To compensate for this imbalance, Queen Maria agreed to cede the islands of Annobón and Bioko (Fernão Pó) to King Charles, as well as the Guinea coast between the Niger River and the Ogoue River. The island of Formosa (named Fernão do Pó during Portuguese rule) was officially renamed and recognized as "Fernando Poo".

</doc>
<doc id="9757694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757694" title="Monte Brè">
Monte Brè

Monte Brè (925 m) is a small mountain east of Lugano on the flank of Monte Boglia (1,516 m) with a view of the bay of Lugano and the Pennine Alps and the Bernese Alps. It is considered one of the sunniest points in Switzerland.
Since 1912, the Monte Brè funicular has led from Lugano Cassarate to Monte Brè.
Brè Village.
The village of Brè (800 m; population 300) lies on the eastern slope of Monte Brè and is connected to Lugano by bus service.
The village shows the typical Ticinese architectural style. The traditional communal washing fountain or "Lavatoio" is still preserved. In the center of the old village is the "Path of Art" with notable artists.
The Wilhelm Schmid Museum was the residence of the artist (1892–1971) and today contains a collection of his works. Schmid was the only Swiss painter of the northern Magical Realism style.

</doc>
<doc id="9757695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757695" title="Animas Mountains">
Animas Mountains

The Animas Mountains are a small mountain range in Hidalgo County, within the "Boot-Heel" region of far southwestern New Mexico, in the United States. They extend north-south for about 30 miles (50 km) along the Continental Divide, from near the town of Animas to a few miles north of the border with Mexico. The range is about 12 miles (20 km) wide at its widest. The highest point of the range is the southern summit of the mile-long Animas Peak massif, . (Animas Peak itself is the slightly lower north summit, 8,531 ft/2,600 m.)
The Animas Mountains lie between the Animas Valley on the west and the Playas Valley on the east. Nearby ranges include the Peloncillo Mountains (Hidalgo County), across the Animas Valley, and the Big Hatchet and Little Hatchet Mountains, across the Playas Valley.
The Animas Mountains lie near the Chihuahuan Desert, the Sonoran Desert, the Sierra Madre Occidental of Mexico, and the mountains surrounding the headwaters of the Gila River. Biotic influences from these regions, as well as the more distant Rocky Mountains, give the southern portion of the range a great diversity of species, including "approximately 130 species of birds, 60 species of mammals, and 40 species of reptiles."
History and current management.
Most of the range is encompassed in the "Diamond A Ranch" (formerly the "Gray Ranch"), which is owned and managed by the Animas Foundation. The 321,000 acre (1,299 km²) ranch (more than one third the size of the state of Rhode Island - 3140 km2) was bought in 1990 by The Nature Conservancy, which took the unusual step of selling it in the mid-1990s to the Animas Foundation, a private organization founded by poet and rancher Drummond Hadley and funded in part by the Anheuser-Busch family (as opposed to selling it to an arm of the U.S. government). The Foundation is intended to practice "sustainable agriculture in harmony with the environment." The Animas Foundation is one cooperating landowner within the "Malpai Borderlands Group", a collaborative group in the region involving local landowners, local, state and federal agencies, universities, and environmental organizations. "The Animas Foundation is particularly important to the group in that they own more than a third of the planning area." 
Access to the ranch, and hence to portions of the Animas Mountains, is tightly controlled, with little or no public recreational use opportunities. 
As a result the Continental Divide Trail had to be rerouted from the true Continental Divide near Antelope Wells, New Mexico to the current, official beginning of the CDT at Crazy Cook in the Big Hatchet Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="9757696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757696" title="1988–89 Nationalliga A season">
1988–89 Nationalliga A season

The 1988–89 NLA season was the 51st regular season of the Nationalliga A, the main professional ice hockey league in Switzerland.
Regular season.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
Playoffs.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="9757705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757705" title="Kasper Ødum">
Kasper Ødum

Kasper Ødum (born March 17, 1979) is a male badminton player from Denmark.
Career.
Titles.
In 1999 he won the Bulgarian International, in 2000 the Austrian International, in 2003 the Polish Open, in 2005 the Bitburger Open International, and in 2006 the Southern PanAm International, the Belgian International and the Bulgarian Open.

</doc>
<doc id="9757741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757741" title="Kielce Voivodeship (1919–39)">
Kielce Voivodeship (1919–39)

Kielce Voivodeship () - a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1921–1939. At that time, it covered northern counties of the historic province of Lesser Poland, including such cities as Radom, Częstochowa and Sosnowiec. On April 1, 1938 its borders changed, see: Territorial changes of Polish Voivodeships on April 1, 1938. Capital city: Kielce.
Location and area.
In early 1939, Voivodeship's area was 22 204 square kilometers. It was located in central Poland, bordering Germany and Autonomous Silesian Voivodeship to the west, Łódź Voivodeship and Warsaw Voivodeship to the north, Lublin Voivodeship and Lwów Voivodeship to the east and Kraków Voivodeship to the south. Landscape was flat in the northern part and hilly in mid and south, with the Swietokrzyskie Mountains located in the heart of the area. Forests covered 21.2%, with the national average 22.2% (as for January 1, 1937).
Population.
According to the 1931 Polish census, the population was 2 671 000. Poles made 88.9% of population, Jews - 10.7%. The latter preferred to live in the cities and towns - in 1931 Jews made 28.7% of Voivodeship's cities inhabitants. Illiterate (in 1931) was 25.7%, higher than the national average of 23.1%.
Industry.
Kielce Voivodeship was very divided in industrial terms. Its western part, with such cities as Częstochowa, Sosnowiec or Będzin was highly industrialized and urbanized, with numerous coalmines. Also Radom, located in the north, was a big industrial center, together with newly built or newly industrialized nearby towns Pionki and Starachowice. Eastern part, on the other hand, was backward, with little industry and underdeveloped agriculture. In mid-1930s Polish government started a huge public works program, called Centralny Okreg Przemyslowy, which was a great boost to overpopulated and poor central and eastern counties.
Cities and administrative divisions.
Between April 1, 1938 and September 1, 1939 it consisted of 18 powiats (counties). These were:
According to the 1931 census, biggest cities in Kielce Voivodeship were:

</doc>
<doc id="9757759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757759" title="Alfred Richard Allinson">
Alfred Richard Allinson

Alfred Richard Allinson was a 19th- and 20th-century British academic, author, and voluminous translator of continental European literature (mostly French, but occasionally Latin, German and Russian) into English. His translations were often published as by A. R. Allinson, Alfred R. Allinson or Alfred Allinson.
Life.
Allinson was born in December 1852 in Newcastle upon Tyne. He attended Lincoln College, Oxford University, from which he took a Master of Arts degree on June 14, 1877. After graduation he worked as an assistant school master and a librarian. He was also a meteorological hobbyist. He was living in Newcastle, Northumberland in 1901, and in St Thomas, Exeter in Devon in 1911. He died in December 1929 in the London Borough of Hackney.
Career.
His early works as a translator included a number of works of French erotica for Paris-based specialty publisher Charles Carrington in the late 1880s and 1890s. Later he branched out into mainstream French literature, including works of various serious and popular authors. He participated with other translators in two ambitious early twentieth century projects to render the works of Anatole France and Alexandre Dumas into English. He also translated a number of children's books and historical works, and, late in his career, a number of volumes of the sensationalist Fantômas detective novels.
Allinson's sole work of note as an original author was "The Days of the Directoire" (1910), a historical and social portrait of France during the period of the French Revolution, in which his aim was "to present a vivid account of the extraordinary years from 1795 to 1799, when the Five Directors ruled France from the Palace of the Luxembourg; to portray the chief actors of those stirring times; and to draw a picture of the social conditions prevailing in capital and country after the tremendous changes of the Revolution."
Significance.
Allinson's primary importance to literature is in helping to introduce French authors Alexandre Dumas and Anatole France to a broad English audience. Several of his translations of their works were the first into English, and a number of these remain the only English versions. In the case of Anatole France, his were the English versions authorized by the original writer.
Selected bibliography.
Translated works.
Note: publication dates shown are those of the translation, not of publication in the original language.

</doc>
<doc id="9757761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757761" title="Vāsishka">
Vāsishka

Vāsishka was a Kushan emperor, who seems to have had a short reign following Kanishka II.
His rule is recorded as far south as Sanchi, where several inscriptions in his name have been found, dated to the year 22 (The Sanchi inscription of "Vaskushana"-i.e. Vasishka Kushana) and year 28 (The Sanchi inscription of Vasaska-i.e. Vasishka) of a Kushan era (widely thought to be the second century of the Kanishka era). This would place his reign c. 247–265.

</doc>
<doc id="9757801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757801" title="Sigma Phi Epsilon">
Sigma Phi Epsilon

Sigma Phi Epsilon (ΣΦΕ), commonly abbreviated SigEp or SPE, is a social college fraternity for male college students in the United States. It was founded on November 1, 1901, at Richmond College (now the University of Richmond), and its national headquarters remains in Richmond, Virginia. It was founded on three principles: Virtue, Diligence, and Brotherly Love (often abbreviated as "VDBL"). Sigma Phi Epsilon is the largest social fraternity in the United States in terms of current undergraduate membership,and has a first year retention rate of 75%.
Founding history.
Founder Carter Ashton Jenkens.
Carter Ashton Jenkens, the son of a Baptist minister, was an 18-year-old divinity student when, in the fall of 1900, he transferred from Rutgers College of New Jersey to Richmond College, a Baptist institution in the Virginia capital. In the year that Jenkens had spent at Rutgers, he had been initiated into the Chi Phi Fraternity. At Richmond, Jenkens was quickly drawn in to a close-knit group of friends which included Benjamin "Ben" Gaw, William "Billy" Wallace and Thomas "Thos" Wright. By the fall of 1901, the four friends were meeting regularly in the third-floor room in Ryland Hall shared by Gaw and Wallace. They called their unofficial group the Saturday Night Club. Soon, two others were asked to join the group: William Carter and Billy Phillips.
Origin.
By early October, 1901, Jenkens had persuaded his friends to join him in trying to establish a chapter of Chi Phi at Richmond. The group of friends, which by mid-October had grown to twelve men, was composed largely of students who were spurned by the existing fraternities on campus for their high sense of morality (seven of the twelve were studying for the ordained ministry) and for their rural, middle-class backgrounds. Jenkens had convinced the others that their chapter could be different from the other fraternities on campus and assured them that Chi Phi's principles were in line with their own. The group's request for a charter, however, was met with refusal as the national fraternity felt that Richmond College was too small to host a Chi Phi chapter. Jenkens and his friends therefore founded their own fraternity.
Original name and meeting with the faculty.
After several secret meetings throughout October 1901, the new fraternity took shape and on November 1, 1901, the fraternity's first membership roster was publicly posted at the school, listing the twelve founders in this order: Carter Ashton Jenkens, Benjamin Donald Gaw, William Hugh Carter, William Andrew Wallace, Thomas Temple Wright, William Lazelle Phillips, Lucian Baum Cox, Richard Spurgeon Owens, Edgar Lee Allen, Robert Alfred McFarland, Franklin Webb Kerfoot and Thomas Vaden McCaul. After much discussion, the group settled on a secret motto and called their fraternity Sigma Phi. Soon thereafter, Jenkens, Gaw and Phillips met with a faculty committee to seek official recognition for their new fraternity. The faculty members were reluctant to recognize Sigma Phi for the following reasons: 1) there were already five fraternity chapters on the Richmond campus, drawing members from a base of less than 300 students, 2) more than half the new fraternity's members were seniors whose graduation would leave the group with only five members and, 3) another national fraternity already existed using the name Sigma Phi. 
The three founders responded to the faculty's points one by one: 1) although there were already fraternities at Richmond, this new fraternity would be founded not upon notions of social hierarchy and snobbery but, rather, upon biblical notions of God's love and the principle of peace through brotherhood, 2) new members would quickly be taken in from the undergraduate classes to increase the new fraternity's size and strength and, 3) the name of the fraternity was still under debate within the group, so since the name Sigma Phi was already taken by a national fraternity, the name would be changed. Right after, the Fraternity committee borrowed William Hugh Carter's Greek-English Lexicon and convinced themselves that Epsilon had a desirable meaning and was worthy enough to be a part of the Fraternity's name. With these assurances from the founders, the faculty committee approved the new fraternity's request for official recognition. Shortly afterwards, the founders met and decided to rename the fraternity Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Badge and colors.
Under Jenkens' inspiration and leadership, the new fraternity was formed around a spiritual philosophy of brotherly love, a philosophy that Jenkens referred to as the "rock" of the fraternity. Specifically, the founder described these words of Jesus: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and thy neighbor as thyself" () as "the greatest truth the world has ever known." The colors dark red and royal purple were chosen to represent the fraternity while the golden heart was chosen as the fraternity's symbol. Finally, the principles of Virtue, Diligence and Brotherly Love, known to members as "The Three Cardinal Principles", were woven by Jenkens into the very fabric of the new fraternity. Jenkens also designed the fraternity's distinctive badge. The badge of Sigma Phi Epsilon was designed as a golden heart surmounted by a black enameled heart-shaped shield. Upon the shield are inscribed, in gold, the Greek-letters of the fraternity, ΣΦΕ, and below these letters, a skull and crossbones. The meaning of these symbols is divulged during the initiation ritual and known to members only. The founders' badges, bordered by alternating garnets and rubies, were designed and ordered before the addition of "Epsilon" to the fraternity's name. Thus, they had only a "Sigma" and a "Phi" inscribed on the lobes of the heart, with the now-familiar skull and crossbones below. A last-minute telegraph sent to the jeweler in Goldsboro, North Carolina requested that an "Epsilon" be added "somewhere" on the already-complete badges. The resourceful jeweler removed the bottom-most gemstones from the founders' badges and put, in their place, a black enameled "Epsilon." The badges of founders William Hugh Carter and Thomas Vaden McCaul, illustrating the fraternity's founding, are on display at the Sigma Phi Epsilon headquarters at Zollinger House.
Balanced Man Program.
In 1991 Sigma Phi Epsilon implemented a continuous development 'Balanced Man' program that abolished pledging altogether, instituted year-round recruitment, encourages lifestyles based on the three Cardinal Principles, and includes a number of tasks geared towards creating diverse experiences that promote the ideals of "a Sound Mind in a Sound Body." First adopted at the New Hampshire Alpha chapter at Dartmouth College, the program has been adopted by approximately 85% of Sigma Phi Epsilon chapters. SigEp headquarters credits the Balanced Man Program as the driving force behind the continued growth and success of the fraternity. Some of these accomplishments include a major improvement in the national average SigEp GPA (3.10, Fall 2010), and SigEp's status as America's largest fraternity by undergraduate membership. Other fraternities have since chosen to adopt similar programs, such as Lambda Chi Alpha's "True Brother Initiative," Beta Theta Pi's "Men of Principle," Sigma Alpha Epsilon's "True Gentleman" Intitative, Kappa Alpha Order's "Crusade", and Pi Kappa Alpha's "True Pike." 
The Balanced Man Program consists of four challenges labeled Sigma, Phi, Epsilon, and Brother Mentor. Each challenge consists of tasks defined by their experiences that progressively develop a member as a balanced man with a Sound Mind in a Sound Body and a balanced servant leader. These tasks show the member how to apply SigEp's Cardinal Principles of Virtue, Diligence, and Brotherly Love into his daily life.
A new SigEp brother is welcomed and integrated into the chapter with the introductory phase of the program, the Sigma Challenge. He must complete a program based on self-discovery, chapter activities, and service-learning. After completing the Sigma Challenge, he enters the Phi Challenge, which is centered on understanding the benefits of fraternalism, building balance, and cultivating the values and knowledge that a man needs to excel at college, SigEp, and life. Here, more advanced efforts await him that include becoming a member of other on-campus organizations and taking a leadership role in the chapter. The third challenge in the Balanced Man Program is the Epsilon Challenge, centered on brothers as leaders by exploring the issues a servant leader faces. Only upon reaching this challenge does the brother gain full knowledge of the Fraternity's ritual, and so become a fully initiated life member. The brother is also expected to hold an executive or chairman position in both the chapter and at least one outside organization. The Brother Mentor challenge challenges the brother to develop and utilize the skills of a servant leader, especially as a mentor. These include a service-learning undertaking and tasks that involve the brother in improving the chapter as a whole, in particular as a mentor for the less experienced chapter members.
All challenges in the Balanced Man program are self-paced. Although the tasks of each challenge are set, the specific actions that achieve those tasks can be tailored to suit the chapter's and the individual Brother's needs. Each of the challenges engages the member with the rest of the chapter, building a stronger brotherhood through doing important, meaningful things together.
Chapters are accepted into the Balanced Man Program only after an overwhelming majority of the chapter votes to convert from pledging model to Balance Man Project Chapter. New Sigma Phi Epsilon chapters are started as Balanced Man Program Chapters. Once a chapter becomes a Balanced Man Program chapter they are not permitted to return to the pledging model of member development.
Every new and re-chartered chapter must adhere to the Balanced Man Program. Currently over 85% of SigEp chapters use the program. The Fraternity has a goal nationally that 90% of the undergraduate chapters will use the Balanced Man Program for member development by 2011.
EDGE New Member Camp.
The fraternity offers its own program for first-year members, EDGE. EDGE participants take part in ropes courses, physical challenges, and activities based upon camaraderie, and receive training about alcohol and drug abuse, personal wellness, and goal achievement. The program involves a faculty of senior undergraduates, alumni, and guest speakers.
Carlson Leadership Academy.
The Carlson Leadership Academy (CLA) provides interactive officer training to over 2,600 undergraduates and volunteers annually.
The Academies are held in February, soon after most officer elections, and chapters are encouraged to bring all new officers, rising chapter leaders and engaged volunteers.
CLA provides education for each specific officer position, as well as strategic planning and goal setting, and chapter leadership. The program emphasizes the use of each officer’s individual strengths to build a complete team. Participants spend time on chapter analysis, large and small group sessions and informal interactions with other chapters. 
Ruck Leadership Institute.
The Frank J. Ruck Leadership Institute is a five-day event in Richmond, Virginia, focused on personal leadership skills and the Balanced Man Ideal. SigEp alumni serve as mentors.
The Ruck Leadership Institute was conceived in 1998, with a curriculum based on "The Leadership Challenge", co-authored by Barry Z. Posner (former member of SigEp).
Tragos Quest to Greece.
The Tragos Quest to Greece is 10-day journey through Greece in mid-June. Participants prepare for the trip with multiple books, and various classic writings and plays, and in Greece, visit the mountains and seas that serve as settings for these stories.
The undergraduates are joined by alumni mentors and a professor who help lead scholastic discussions. In addition to the readings, other topics of discussion focus on personal experiences relating to SigEp’s core values. 
Tragos Quest to Greece scholars are announced every February at their respective regional Carlson Leadership Academy.
Philanthropy.
All SigEp chapters are encouraged to raise funds to donate to their local charities through events and awareness programs. Following Hurricane Katrina, SigEp national headquarters encouraged individual chapters nationwide to donate to a relief fund. For every dollar donated by a chapter, Nationals, partnered with several businesses, donated to relief efforts. Together, the fraternity raised $16 million for the cause. At the 2013 Grand Chapter Conclave in Dallas, chapter delegates voted to approve Big Brothers Big Sisters of America to become the new national philanthropy.
Controversies.
In 2014, the Sigma Phi Epsilon chapter of the University of Mississippi was closed after three of its members allegedly draped a noose around the statue of James Meredith, the first black student to attend the university.

</doc>
<doc id="9757815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757815" title="Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Control">
Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Control

The Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Control (OBN), often shortened to Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics is an agency of the government of Oklahoma charged with minimizing the abuse of controlled substances through law enforcement measures directed primarily at drug trafficking, illicit drug manufacturing, and major suppliers of illicit drugs.
The Bureau is governed by a seven-member Commission, who members are appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma, with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate. The Commission is responsible for appointing a Director of OBN to serve as the chief executive officer of the Bureau. The current Director is R. Darrell Weaver, having served in that position since September, 2006.
The Bureau of Narcotics was created in 1975 during the term of Governor David L. Boren.
History.
In 1953, the Oklahoma Legislature created the agency specifically to enforce drug laws. Designated the Division of Narcotics Enforcement, the agency operated under the Attorney General of Oklahoma for the next decade. Then in 1964, the Division of Narcotics Enforcement became a casualty of political conflict between the Attorney General and the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives. The Division was abolished and created under the name of the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics. This new Bureau was placed under the direct command of the Governor of Oklahoma. This new arrangement would last for four years.
Beginning in the late 1960s, narcotics operations and drug-related crimes accelerated at a frightening pace. Despite a merger into the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation (OSBI) in 1968, only one full-time narcotics agent was employed by the state. Recognizing this problem, the Legislature granted OSBI funds to establish a full-time narcotics unit, but by the early 1970s. the unit had been proven a failure. In response, the Legislature passed the Uniform Control Dangerous Substances Act of 1971. The Act established the Commissioner of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Control under the direction of the Attorney General. The Commissioner was responsible for the state's general interest in controlled drugs but actual enforcement of the Controlled Substances Act was left to the OSBI.
It soon became apparent that this arrangement failed to actively respond to controlling the surging drug trade. Therefore, in 1975, the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics was reconstituted, this time more adequately staffed and equipped, and given the necessary autonomy to operate as an effective weapon in the war on drugs. The Bureau has original jurisdiction statewide on all violations of the Uniform Control Dangerous Substances Act.
Responsibilities.
The Bureau of Narcotics is charged with enforcing the State's criminal and administrative drug laws. In particular, the OBN's Agents have responsibility for enforcing the following laws:
OBN trains and assists local law enforcement agencies, and compile drug-related statistics. OBN provides a leadership role for law enforcement throughout the state for the investigative effort directed towards eliminating the illegal use of controlled dangerous substances.
The Bureau serves as the law enforcement arm of the State government's approach tocombating drugs. The Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services serves as the prevention, education and treatment component. The two agencies work together to develop a comprehensive drugs control strategy for the State.
Leadership.
The Bureau of Narcotcs is under the supervision of the Oklahoma Secretary of Safety and Security. Under current Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin, Michael C. Thompson is serving as the Secretary.
OBNDD Commission.
The Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Control (OBNDD) Commission is the governing body of the Bureau. The Commission sets Bureau policy, approves budget requests, appoints and removes the Director of the Bureau, and hears appeals on Bureau actions from adversely affected parties. The Commission is composed of seven members, all of whom are appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma, with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate, to serve seven-year terms, with no more than any two members being from the same congressional districts. Four of the members must be lay citizens, one member must be a sitting district attorney, one must a sitting sheriff, and one must be a sitting chief of police.
OBNDD Director.
OBN Commission is responsible for appointing a Director of the Bureau. The Director is the chief executive officer of the Bureau, the state's chief drug enforcement officer and serve serves at the pleasure of the OBN Commission. In order to be appointed Director, a person must have a Bachelor's degree and have at least five years experience in drug law enforcement.
The current Director of OBNDD is R. Darrell Weaver, having been appointed to that position in September 2006. Director Weaver jointed OBN in 1987, later raising through the ranks to become the Agent-in-Charge for Oklahoma City in 1996.
Divisions.
Administration Division.
The Administration Division is responsible for providing overall exercutive direction and oversight for the activities of the Bureau. 
Diversion Division.
The Diversion Division of OBN investigates cases in which legally manufactured and distributed pharmaceutical controlled substances are diverted into an illegal market. Agents are trained to conduct complex investigations and audit professional handlers of controlled drugs. Because of the regulatory nature of these kinds of controlled substances, agents work on both criminal and administrative cases. In 2009, the Bureau received legislative authority to change the reporting requirement for scheduled drugs. This enabled OBN to track the prescribing of all scheduled drugs on a 24-hour basis. This also allows law enforcement and the medical community to look up individuals who are illegally obtaining prescriptions from multiple practitioners as well as identify the over-prescribing practitioners. The Bureau has established a data-sharing agreement with the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety (DPS) to cross-check the state-issued identification cards with those maintained by DPS.
Intelligence Division.
The OBN Intelligence Division utilizes specialized techniques in conjunction with traditional enforcement investigative methods to address organized crime, drug trafficking organizations, money laundering operations, and human trafficking operations. Established in 1996, the Intelligence Division engages in electronic surveillance and wiretapping operations state-wide to counteract covert drug operations. The Division maintains full-time Spanish speaking interception Agents to address Mexican drug cartels. In 2012, the Oklahoma Legislature enacted legislation expanding the Intelligence Division's powers to include enforcing all relating to money laundering and human trafficking.
The Division oversees several specialized units
Enforcement Division.
The Bureau's largest section contains Agents at each district office and at headquarters who primarily enforce Title 63 of the Oklahoma Statutes and applicable federal statutes under Title 21 of the United States Code. The Agents not only conduct small undercover drug purchases, but also investigate multi-jurisdictional complex conspiracy cases, which require criminal investigative expertise. Marijuana eradication is also a primary responsibility of Special Agents. Agents also spend significant portions of time investigating the manufacturing and sale of domestically-produced methamphetamine.
Within the Enforcement Division is the Mobile Operations Team (MOT). MOT was established in Fiscal Year 2007 to target individual distribution cells within communities across Oklahoma. MOT deploys highly covert undercover agents strategically placed around the State in areas where local law enforcement agencies have identified as trouble spots. From direct case support to overseeing major statewide program initiatives, MOT members and other Enforcement Division Special Agents work directly with a multitude of federal, state and local agencies to identify and remove primary sources of drug supply as well as aggressive demand reduction efforts.
The Division also houses the Bureau's Marijuana Eradication Unit and manages the state's Clandestine Laboratory Database, which tracks properties which have been used in drug activities. 
The Enforcement Division is divided into six districts, each headed by an Agent-in-Charge, with twelve regional offices:
Personnel.
Staffing.
The Bureau of Narcotics, with an annual budget of almost $14 million, employs several dozen employees. For fiscal year 2010, the Bureau was authozied 135 employees.
Pay Structure.
As established by Oklahoma law, with the salary increases effective January 1, 2007, the annual salaries for OBN law enforcement agents are as follows:
Budget.
The Bureau of Narcotics receices 45% ($6.3 million) of its budget from annual appropriations from the Oklahoma Legislature. Fees generated by the Bureau make up another 41% ($5.7 million). The remaining 14% ($1.9 million) comes from various sources.
Employee benefits and salaries make up 76% ($10.6 million) of the budget, with operating expenses totalling 17% ($2.3 million) and other expenses accounting for 7% ($1 million).
For fiscal year 2011, each of the operating units of the Bureau had the following budgets:
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Control, 3 officers have died in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="9757834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757834" title="Imran series characters">
Imran series characters

Following are important fictional characters appear in the Urdu spy novels of "Imran Series" originally written by the Pakistani author Ibn-e-Safi and later continued by Mazhar Kaleem.
Secret Service members.
Ali Imran.
Ali Imran is a pivotal character in Imran Series. Handsome and bright, the young-man holds M.Sc., and Ph.D. degrees from Oxford University and has extraordinary sex appeal. He appears comical and moronic, using these features to camouflage himself as a buffoon. Always shown acting stupid, insane, and funny, he keeps the readers in hysterics at his every action. He never reveals his true side to anyone. He usually dresses eccentrically; for example, a pink coat, a light green shirt, a yellow necktie, white pants, and a purple flat hat with a red rose in it is his typical apparel. Ibne Safi refers to this as Imran’s “Technicolor Outfit.”
He is son of Mr. Abdul Rahman, Director General of Central Intelligence Bureau, and as being from Genghis Khan’s bloodline, has Mongol lineage. Imran mother’s real name is never revealed, she is called as "Amma Bi". Imran lives in an apartment with his two most trusted assistants: Sulaiman, the cook, and Joseph Mugunda, his bodyguard from Africa. He, most of the time, is shown driving a two-seater sports car.
Imran purposefully keeps multi facets to his personality. As Imran—Ali Imran—he acts as an opportunist who may turn either a police informer or a blackmailer as the situation demands. A perfect cover to his profession. His other most significant personality facet is the chief of the Secret Services: X-2. Only three other characters know his secret: Sir Sultan, Secretary of the Ministry of Internal Affairs; "Black Zero," who acts as X-2 in Imran’s absence; and Roshee, a long time friend and a trusted partner. The other two personalities Imran assumes now and then are the Prince of Dhump, a warlord of a fictitious state known as Dhump, and Rana Tahavvar Al Sandooqui, a wealthy landlord and businessman.
Earlier on Imran is portrayed as a hired agent of the Secret Service, but afterwards he becomes a regular member of the agency. None of the other members had a slightest clue of his being their chief officer. They usually laugh him off and sneer at him, but as X-2, they really dread him. Safdar Saeed is Imran's favourite spook.
Imran has perfected the art of dodging bullets. It is called "Sing Art," which he learns from
an international Chinese criminal, Sing Hee. Imran calls him Uncle Sing (Chcha Sing - چچا سنگ) and in return, Sing Hee refers him as nephew. His another old time foe is T3B, Theresia Bumblebee of Bohemia. Theresia has a great crush on him but Imran hardly pay heed to her rather jeer at her sentiments.
He, like Col. Ahmad Kamal Faridi, has impregnable character vis-à-vis women. He is asexual. Due to his naive appearance and innocent looks, women are smitten with him, but he usually gives them a cold shoulder.
Tahir or Black Zero.
Tahir is portrayed as perhaps the most important member of the secret service. He knows the identity of X-2 and in Imran's absence plays the role of the chief to the rest of the secret service members.
In "Darindon Ki Basti" Imran realizes that his coworkers, mainly Juliana Fitzwater, are beginning to suspect his identity as being X-2. To permanently remove their suspicions, he decides to induct another member into the Secret Service. This spook is codenamed "Black Zero" and his existence is hidden form the other members. Unfortunately, the original Black Zero gets killed in the book. The need for such helping hand remained, however, and Imran appoints Tahir to the job. All members of the secret service know him as Mr. Tahir who is the caretaker of Rana Palace. Tahir has also appeared as a masked X-2 sometimes in front of the Secret Service members.
Black Zero is the most favourite subordinate of X-2 (Imran), but none of the members of Secret Service know about his true identity. He has been trained to replicate X-2's deep, hoarse voice; he gives orders to the Secret Service spooks, acting as X-2 when Imran is not available.
Juliana Fitzwater (Julia).
Juliana Fitzwater is another very talented member of the Secret Service, and is second in command, deputy chief. She is a beautiful Swiss girl, who was much take with her Chief, X-2 in the early days when Imran had not yet joined the Secret Services. She always desired to see X-2, though she was also afraid of him at the same time. However, when Imran joins the Secret Service, Juliana gets so impressed by his qualities that she falls for him instead. Juliana believes that Imran is X-2, and clearly mentions it to him on one occasion; Imran, shocked but, manages to cover his identity with the help of Black Zero. Imran continuously plays with her emotions that sometime appeared to be harsh, but that what the character of Imran's is all about.
Safdar Saeed.
Safdar is the most active and Imran's most trusted field partner. The best thing Imran likes about Safdar is that he never questions his authority, he, actually, is a man of action rather than words. This does not necessarily mean that he is not intelligent, he just does not like to get into unnecessary arguments and gives his 110% towards the completion of the task assigned to him.
It is an ironic fact that although Imran always argues and talks back to his peers, his favourite fieldworker is one who listens and obeys. This is in contrast to Colonel Faridi who is more of a decent quiet thinker but Hameed who always argues and talks back to his peers is his favorite subordinate.
Safdar is also the only field agent, apart from Imran, who does not have a crush on Juliana Fitzwater. He is also the only Secret Service spook who is fluent in Shikrali (a language spoken in the tribal area of Shikral). Safdar Saeed is the most prominent, respectful, and loyal agent after Black Zero, and Imran relies heavily on him. Safdar respects Imran greatly, and believes that Imran has similar qualities to those of X-2.
Tanveer Ashraf.
Tanveer loves Juliana and detests Imran. He is the only member of secret service who has jealousy with Imran. This is primarily because he fails to understand why Juliana, who he has a crush on, likes rather loves Imran. His jealousy with Imran often gets in the way of his duty. His primary weakness is that he lacks patience and is very much emotional. As a result, he has been punished by X-2 on occasions. Tanveer is the most trouble-making member of the Secret Service. He has, on many occasions, either received warnings or punishment from X-2 for his negligence on duty.
But besides his jealous with Imran, on many occasions he had proven his worth. Previously in military intelligence, he is more fond of direct action.
In the book "Farishtay ka Dushman", he faces a motorbike accident in the line of duty and is left permanently unable to carry on with field work, so he is transferred to another department and is replaced in the Secret Service by Sergeant Nemo.
But in Mazhar Kaleem's all novels he is still very much active.
Captain Shakeel.
Captain Shakeel has a face without expression. He is known as power agent. He is a creation of Mazhar Kaleem and not of Mr. Safi. He is only person in the group who is as smart as Imran and he also thinks in the same way..
Sualeha.
She again was created by Mazhar Kaleem. She is a talented field worker with inclination toward Safder Saeed.
Zafar-ul-Mulk and Jameson (Jumman Bafati).
These are two new members of the Secret Service who were introduced in "Taboot Mein Cheekh". Zafrul Mulk is the nephew of Nawab Muzaffarul Mulk. He was sent to London for higher studies with his servant Jumman; he secured Masters Degree in Chemistry from Oxford University. When he returned, his uncle did not appreciate his modern ideas and asked him to leave the home. His servant Jumman now known as Jameson was also expelled. Incidentally they get involved in a case and Imran discovers their strengths and they are offered to join the Secret Services. With similar physical structure, Imran sometimes uses Zafrul Mulk to disguise as himself. Jameson is very fond of Urdu classical literature and tries to speak the same language.
Captain Khawar.
He is a laborious member of the Secret Service. He is also the member of Mazhar Kaleem's Four-stars.
Lieutenant Siddique.
Siddique is a genius member of in the field, and also the chief of Mazhar Kaleem's four-stars.
Lieutenant Chauhan.
He is very intelligent member in Secret Service and also in Four-stars. Imran likes him most of others because he is undefeatable agent on the bases of toil in the field work.
Sergeant Nomani.
He is the most intelligent member in the Secret Service and also of the Mazhar Kaleem's Four-Stars Section.
Captain Jaafari.
He got chucked out of the secret service because he wasn't good enough and always made mistakes. He was expelled from the services due to negligence on duty in "Al Fansay" (Al Fanse).
Sergeant Nashad.
He also drinks. He got chucked out of the secret service because he wasn't good enough. He was expelled from the services due to negligence on duty in "Al Fansay" (Al Fanse).
Four-Stars.
Four-star is craetion of Mazhar Kaleem. It combats against the violent crimes rising in the Pakaisa. Siddique is the leader of Four-Stars. Nomani, Khawar and Chauhan are the other members of the team. This in accordance with "Mazhar Kaleem's Imran Series"; in Ibne Safi's novels, these four were ordinary members of secret service, and all.
Other main characters.
Sir Sultan.
He is the administrator of the Secret Service, and one of the few characters who can identify Imran as X-2. Imran reports directly to him, though at times he is irritated by Imran's complex behaviour. Nonetheless, he highly appreciates Imran for his talents, at one time even wishing that Imran had been his son. Sir Sultan is the Secretary of the Ministry of External Affairs. In the novel "Raat Ka Shehzaada", Imran helps Sir Sultan by solving a case; in return he is offered a permanent position in the Secret Service. Imran, as Chief Officer of the Secret Service, reports directly to him. Sir Sultan likes Imran for his good qualities, but sometimes he too gets frustrated with Imran’s non-serious behavior. He is an old friend of Imran’s father.
Roshee.
An Anglo-Burmese girl who was saved by Imran in one of his cases before he became X-2. She was also one of the reasons that Mr. Rahman ordered Imran to leave the house, stating that he can't allow her to live with them. Intelligent and confident, she has helped Imran in various cases. Imran trusts her very much, and she has also known from the start that he is X-2.
Roshee's father was a businessman in Singapore, during WWII, he lost his business and Roshee became a call girl. After meeting Imran in Bhayanak Aadmi, she becomes ashamed of her profession. Impressed by her good qualities, Imran offers her a job in the Central Intelligence Bureau. Later, Imran opens up a private investigating agency with the name of "Roshee & Co. Forwarding & Clearing Agents". She works for Imran for some time, but later leaves him in Larkiyoan Ka Jazeera due to his non-serious nature. However, Imran still involves her in many cases later on. Roshee is one of the only few people who know about Imran as the Chief of the Secret Service.
Joseph Mugonda.
Personal bodyguard of Imran, Joseph, an African black, is tall, well-built and an ex prize-fighter. After Imran defeated him during a case, he preferred to come under his patronage and since then, he has been extremely loyal to Imran, sometimes referring to Imran as his "father". He is a heavy drinker and highly superstitious, nonetheless, a very useful companion. His knowledge of jungles has proved to be very useful for Imran on various occasions. He also serves as Prince of Dhump's bodyguard whenever Imran assumes the role. Before meeting Imran, Joseph was a heavyweight champion. His philosophy was that whoever could knock him out; he would willingly work for the person for the rest of his life, considering that person his Boss. In "Challees Aik, Baavan", Joseph serves the villain. Imran not only defeats Joseph’s boss, but he also manages to easily defeat Joseph. Since then, Joseph has never left Imran. Joseph likes to remain in a military uniform with gun holsters on each side, carrying two identical loaded revolvers. Joseph is insanely alcoholic, beginning each day by gulping down half a bottle of whiskey to "open his eyes." If Joseph does not get his ale, he goes into a deep depression and begins to act strangely; though he remains fiercely loyal to Imran, no matter what happens.
Tiger.
The character of Tiger is only present in Mazhar Kaleem's Imran series books. Tiger is student of Imran in Judo, martial arts, sign arts, make-up and copying voice of the key gangsters. He is titled to be the "second Imran" because his ability and skills out in field are outstandingly admissible. His real name is Rizwan and he is a Muslim. But because he has been engaged in the risky business of crime and underworld so he is nicknamed as 'Tiger'.
Tiger is not a bound agent of X2's team. He is Imran's personal acolyte and aide and his loyalties are all adhesively directed to his mentor; anybody challenging Imran is subjected to some serious treatment by him. He tries his best to act like his boss. Imran has been heard several times saying that Tiger does his job to the perfection; doing full justice to his work.
Sulaiman.
Imran lives in a modest flat, along with his cook and housekeeper, Sulaiman. Imran is always messing around with Sulaiman about the food he is going to prepare, and the conversation between them is always funny. When Imran's father Rahman Sahib asked Imran to leave the house, Sulaiman also came along with him. He is very loyal and does not like Imran’s bodyguard Joseph, who is always drunk. Later, he gets married to a girl named Gulrukh (in Mazhar Kaleem's novels Sulaiman, however, is a bachelor). \
Imran always use to blame Sulaiman, he only serve him "Mong Ki Daal". He knows that Imran is X-2 and he has also performed role of X-2 in many novels written by Mazhar Kaleem. He is also Known as Prince Of Kitchen or The chief of cook's association.
Captain Fayyaz.
Captain Fayyaz is the Superintendent of the Central Intelligence Bureau, under Imran’s father, Rahman Sahib, who is the Director General and is a friend of Imran. Imran occasionally calls him Super Fayyaz. Whenever he faces difficulties, he consults Imran. He, however, is also jealous of Imran and has many times attempted, though unsuccessfully, to arrest him. Despite his jealousy, he has sought Imran's help on numerous occasions. Fayyaz is not a very intelligent officer, but with the help of Imran he is able to solve numerous cases, resulting in his promotions and he rises to the position of superintendent. Besides all these facts he still remains Imran's good friend and respects his ability of detecting the villain in the end. He thinks that Imran is merely an informer or a worker of the Secret Service.
Juana.
Only present in Mazhar Kaleem's novels, Master Juana was an American Negro. He was a member of an organization "Master Killers", very eminent for target killing of world's prominent personalities. Once "master killers" was hired to kill Ali Imran in (Imran Ki Maut). Juana came to Pakasia to kill Imran along with his other three killers. Master Killers could not succeed in executing Imran and at the end Juana accepted Imran as his master after a deadly fight with the later. Juana is an excellent martial arts fighter, very cruel in nature and has a strong body (like wrestler) with 7.5 feet height. Now he lives in "Rana House" along with Joseph. He also acts as personal body guard of Prince of Dhump, an alias of Imran.
Villains.
Sing Hee.
He is the most genius and treacherous villain who appears both in "Jasoosi Duniya" and "Imran Series". Sing was born to a Chinese father and Mongolian mother, and is forced to leave his country after a failed coup d'état. Since then he has moved from country to country, trying to avail all opportunities to display his criminal, lustful, and avaricious nature. He is very thin in appearance with a visibly weak physique, but is actually very strong. He is famous, among those who somewhat know him, as "jonk" (leech) because of his ability to clench his enemy, leading to their suffocation and unconsciousness.
Imran first meets Sing Hee in London, in Lashoan Ka Bazaar, where Imran is conducting research in criminology. A criminal named McLawrence has terrorized the city. Imran tries to investigate the situation, and comes across Sing Hee. Sing had devised a technique by which he is able to dodge any bullets fired on him by judging the hand movements of the assailant, and moving swiftly. Sing Hee performs it in front of Imran once, and Imran asks him to do it again. That is enough for Imran to grasp the technique involved. Then Imran surprises Sing Hee by challenging him to shoot at him; Sing Hee cannot believe his eyes when he is unable to shoot Imran. Despite the fact that both characters are bloodthirsty for each other, the evil con man declares Imran to be his rightful nephew in the cunning art.
Their next meeting takes place in "Joank Ki Wapsee". Now Sing is working for Zeroland. This story line continues in "Zehreeli Tasweer" and "Baebaakon Ki Talaash". Sing Hee is unable to kill Imran, because Zeroland requires that Imran remain alive. Sing Hee is the major villain in many other novels such as "Seh Rangee Maut", "Muta-Harrik Dhaariyaan", "Joank Aur Naagan", "Halaakat Khaez", "Zebra Maen", and "Jangal Ki Sheheriyat". He is very brave criminal.
Whenever Sing Hee encounters Imran, he always manages to escape in the end, except in Larztee Lakeerain when Imran manages to capture him but afterwards releases him on purpose, saying that if he had caught Sing Hee in his own country, he would not have released him.
Humbug the Great.
Humbug the Great is an international criminal. He has a hump on his back. He plays various roles simultaneously. Sometimes he is found in a third-rate bar flirting with the old and ugly barmaid. At the same time, he also appears as the husband of a beautiful woman, the Rani of Sajid Nagar. He is a foreign spy, who plans to start a revolution in Imran's country. Ibne Safi had written the first two novels of this storyline, "Dilchasp Hadisaa" and "Bay-Awaaz Sayyarah", when he fell sick for three years. The third and final of the Humbug series, "Daerh Matwaalay", was written after his recovery.
Theresia - Bumble-Bee of Bohemia.
Ibne Safi has written many novels based around the character of Theresia or T3B. She is a very smart lady who represents Zeroland. She has the ability to change her expressions in such a manner that it becomes almost impossible to recognize her. She is very impressed with Imran's personality, in fact she is in love with him.
T3B first appears in "Kaalay Charaagh". She appears in several other novels like "Khoon Kay Piyaasay", "Alphansay", "Darandoan Ki Basti", "Piyaasa Samandar", "Seh Rangee Maut", "Sugar Bank", "Mutaharrik Dhaariyaan", "Joank Aur Naagan", "Halaakat Khaez", "Zebra Man", "Jangal Ki Sheheriyat", "Zulmat ka Devta".
Bogha.
Professor Bogha (Urdu: بوغا) is short stature but highly learned international villain. He, once, was head of the Zeroland organization. His main line of work is smuggling of contraband along with other criminal activities mainly to raise funds for his organization. Appearing in "Imran Ka Aghwa", he is killed by Theresia in "Zulmaat ka Devtaa" (Urdu: ظلمات کا دیوتا).
Others.
Ad Lava, Allama Dehshatnak, Alphonse and Deadly Frog (aka King Chang) are other significant notorious characters portrayed by Safi. All but Allama Dehshatnak were killed by Imran. Adélie de Savana or Louisa was French intelligence and James Harley, X-2 foreign agent, were allies of Imran but were executed by him as they turned against him.

</doc>
<doc id="9757873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757873" title="Grasping at straws">
Grasping at straws


</doc>
<doc id="9757897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757897" title="The Raw Shark Texts">
The Raw Shark Texts

The Raw Shark Texts is the debut novel by author Steven Hall, released in 2007. The book was released by Canongate Books in the US and the UK and published by HarperCollins in Canada. The title is a play on "Rorschach Tests", which are inkblot tests.
Plot summary.
Eric Sanderson, a British man in his late twenties, was working with the Un-Space Exploration Committee after the death of his girlfriend, Clio Aames. His hope was to preserve his memories of her within the body of a conceptual creature. This leads to his intentional release of a Ludovician—the most dangerous of the conceptual fish—on himself. He loses memories of his life as they are devoured by the Ludovician, but still the Ludovician pursues him until all is lost and he awakes as the Second Eric Sanderson. Eric is told by a psychologist that he has a dissociative condition known as fugue. However, the First Eric Sanderson, even as he was losing his memory, has left him with a large number of letters explaining Conceptual Fish, the death of his girlfriend, the Un-Space Exploration Committee, and other such things. When Eric Sanderson is attacked once more by the Ludovician, he decides to go in search of a doctor named Trey Fidorous, who is a member of the Un-Space Exploration Committee who may be able to explain what is happening to him.
Eric travels through Britain in search of clues, and ultimately finds one in a hotel he is staying in during a rainstorm. He is contacted by a mysterious figure known as Mr. Nobody, who is actually a part of a larger, internet-based intelligence called Mycroft Ward. Mr. Nobody attempts to subdue and control Eric with a smaller Conceptual Fish, but Eric manages to escape. Eric soon meets with a member of the Un-Space Exploration Committee named Scout. Scout and Eric have a close encounter with the Ludovician before venturing into Un-Space in search of Trey Fidorous. It turns out that Scout has a small bit of Mycroft Ward in her, but is not truly a part of the intelligence.
Eric and Scout develop a romantic relationship throughout their un-space journey. However, the relationship becomes turbulent after it is revealed that from the beginning, Scout sought out Eric and his Ludovician in order to destroy Ward. When they find Fidorous, they help him rig up a conceptual boat with which to hunt the Ludovician. The climax of the book takes place on a conceptual ocean, aboard the "Orpheus", the shark-hunting boat. In a climactic encounter, a laptop hooked up to the Mycroft Ward database is thrown into the mouth of the Ludovician, destroying both. Trey Fidorous is killed in the sinking of the boat, and Scout is lost at sea.
Eric is then seemingly given a chance to return to the 'real' world through a postcard showing his house; he declines, choosing to remain in the conceptual world. Scout returns to the boat unharmed, and together with Ian the cat, she and Eric, now reconciled, swim to a "conceptual island" which resembles the Greek island on which Clio and the first Eric holidayed before she died. At this point, it is strongly suggested that Scout is in fact Clio, and that the first Eric Sanderson's plan to preserve his memories of and life with Clio via the Ludovician has succeeded.
The book ends with a newspaper cutting reporting that the body of Eric Sanderson was found not far from his home. The newspaper clipping mentions that a postcard from Eric was sent to Dr. Randle, but from Greece, just prior to the discovery of his body. The postcard is shown on the next page, and claims to be from Eric, stating that he is unhurt and happy, but will never return.
Negatives or un-chapters.
The Raw Shark Texts consists of 36 core chapters bound into the novel itself, and an additional 36 "lost" sections, known as "negatives" or "un-chapters" which exist outside of the main printed text. These extra 'un-chapters' (also written by Steven Hall) have been found periodically since the book's initial release, hidden either online or in the real world. Unique negative content has also been discovered in several translated editions of the Raw Shark Texts since publication of the original English language edition in 2007.
On 08/15/07 in The Raw Shark Texts Forum, Steven Hall wrote to following statement about "The Raw Shark Texts" negatives:
Several sections of the Raw Shark Texts Forum are devoted to the ongoing process of discovering and documenting the negatives. Many negatives are still unaccounted for.
Characters.
Main characters.
Eric narrates the story. He is a British man in his late twenties. Three years before the events of the story, Eric was travelling with his partner, Clio Aames, in Naxos, Greece. On this trip, Clio died in a scuba diving accident. Eric was overcome with grief, but organized her wake himself. During the next six months, however, Eric became involved with the Un-Space Exploration Committee. His hope was to find a Ludovician to preserve his memories of Clio so that she would never truly die. This, had it worked, would have been a process similar to that undergone by Mycroft Ward. However, Ludovicians eat memories rather than preserving them.
When Eric opened a Conceptual loop containing a Ludovician, thus setting it on himself, the memories were not preserved, but rather lost. Over the next two and a half years, Eric attempts to evade the Ludovician as he writes letters to his future self: the one that will exist when the Ludovician has eaten the last of his memories. The Ludovician attacks him eleven times before this happens. Eric awakes with no memories. Throughout the story, Eric appears rather awkward. He seems unsure of how to form a romance with Scout, though he clearly wants to. He uses the word "erm" often, and mostly keeps to himself.
Scout is at times confident, and at times an anxious young woman involved with the Un-Space Exploration committee. In her youth, she was surfing the internet and began answering what appeared to be some sort of IQ test. In reality, this was a trap designed to turn people into new parts of Mycroft Ward. Fortunately, her sister disconnected the internet so Mycroft Ward could not completely take over her brain. Later, it is she who saves Eric from his second encounter with the Ludovician with her "Letter Bomb" (composed of typewriter keys attached to an explosive device). Scout has a good knowledge of Un-Space. At first she appears to have a romantic interest in Eric Sanderson, but then he begins to believe that this is just her using him so that she can be freed from Mycroft Ward. This turns out not to be true. Scout has a smiley face tattooed on her big toe, so that when she is dead and in the morgue, her toe tag will be funny - something that Clio Aames had also discussed doing.
In all respects, the first Eric Sanderson is treated as a separate character from Eric Sanderson, though they are the same person. The first Eric's role in the story is mainly sending letters and fragments to Eric. These often cryptic documents slowly reveal Eric's past, how to defend oneself from a Ludovician, the taxonomy of conceptual fish, and other such things.
Trey Fidorous is an expert on conceptual fish. He makes his laboratory home deep in un-space. It was he who was caring for the Ludovician that is now chasing Eric. At first, he is reluctant to help Eric, but eventually warms up to him and creates the conceptual boat the Orpheus.
Clio Aames is the first Eric Sanderson's girlfriend, revealed only in the text through various letters and fragments. She, like Scout, is at times confident, at times vulnerable. It is revealed that she has suffered from cancer in the past but is in remission, yet her personality is brash, as she toys with the first Eric Sanderson, ironically gives human names (Ian and Gavin) to the couple's cats, sunbathes nude on the beach, impulsively purchases an underwater camera, and expresses a desire to have a smiley face tattooed on her big toe (so that when she dies, her toe-tag in the morgue will look funny). It is the underwater camera that eventually precipitates her presumed drowning, and Scout's tattoo which leads the second Eric Sanderson to contemplate a connection between Clio and Scout.
A large cat of unfriendly temperament, who becomes the travelling companion of the second Eric Sanderson. Initially one of two cats purchased and named by Clio Aames and the first Eric Sanderson, Ian appears one morning on the second Eric Sanderson's window sill. It is never revealed what became of the other cat, Gavin.
Minor characters.
The original Mycroft Ward existed in the mid nineteenth century. His purpose in life was immortality. When he died, it was assumed he had failed. In truth, he had succeeded. He had found a new body, a young man, and hypnotically told him every detail of his own life. When Mycroft was done, the man thought, acted, and had the same memories as Mycroft, and was essentially a new Mycroft Ward. The original plan was for this man to find a worthy next Mycroft, but at some point, the plan went wrong. The self-preservation instinct within him became too strong and he began creating serial Mycroft Wards. At the time of the story, Mycroft Ward is an immense internet database that controls hundreds of Mycrofts world wide. Mycroft Ward is one of the antagonists of the story.
Dr. Randle is a retired doctor, presumably of psychology. She is the first contact Eric Sanderson has after the death of The First Eric Sanderson. Dr. Randle is convinced that Eric has a dissociative condition. Indeed, Eric's symptoms are similar to that of a dissociative condition, though some of them do not fit at all. For the first few months of the book, Eric Sanderson and Dr. Randle meet regularly. The book ends with a postcard from the supposedly dead Eric Sanderson to Dr. Randle, which she passes off as a joke in ill taste.
Mr. Nobody identifies himself as an employee of Mycroft Ward, and attempts to capture the second Eric Sanderson. He is described initially as a well-dressed and confident man, though it becomes clear that he is no longer completely human. Ward has apparently devised chemical means, pills, to build up and maintain the aspects of Mr. Nobody's personality, while at the core he remains only the Concept of some former self.
The owner of the Willows hotel, where Eric stays during a rainstorm. Though she is not actually the aunt of any of the guests, the guests generally use this term of endearment.
Awards.
"The Raw Shark Texts" won the Borders Original Voices Award (2007), the Somerset Maugham Award (2008), and was shortlisted for the Arthur C Clarke Award (2008).
Film adaptation.
Screenwriter Simon Beaufoy ("Slumdog Millionaire") has completed a "Raw Shark Texts" screenplay for Blueprint Films. No director or cast have been confirmed for this project.

</doc>
<doc id="9757899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757899" title="Tizheruk">
Tizheruk

In Inuit mythology, the Tizheruk is a mythical large snake-like creature that is said to inhabit the waters near Key Island, Alaska. This legend was first started by the Inuit. It is said to have a 7-foot head and a tail with a flipper. The local natives claim that it has snatched people off piers without their noticing its presence. It is also called Pal-Rai-Yûk. It is said to be similar to Naitaka of the Okanakanes (Ogopogo) and the Haietlik of the Nootka.

</doc>
<doc id="9757908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757908" title="The Orange Peels">
The Orange Peels

The Orange Peels is a Northern California band known for its ability to melodically evoke images and atmospheres of life on the West Coast. The group uses standard rock instrumentation to produce soundscapes that are at once sweeping and jarring, giving them a unique place between orchestral pop, rock and indie-pop. Though the band's lineup has changed with each successive album, founding members Allen Clapp and Jill Pries have been the nucleus. In fact, dramatic upheavals in membership have ensured the band never releases albums more frequently than four years apart. The group currently features Clapp, Pries, Gabriel Coan and John Moremen.
History.
Background, formation and "Square" (1994–1997).
In its early days, the group was an outgrowth of singer-songwriter Allen Clapp's fictional band Allen Clapp and his Orchestra, credited for Clapp's debut album "One Hundred Percent Chance of Rain" (The Bus Stop Label, 1994). Soon after the album's release, Clapp's high school friend Larry Winther reappeared after touring with garage-rock phenomenon The Mummies for four years. Clapp (guitar, vocals), Pries (bass), and Winther (drums) formed an energetic 3-piece in Redwood City, taking the fictional name from Clapp's first album. The orchestra played throughout the Bay Area and worked up new material for a second album, which they began recording at home on a four-track cassette recorder.
Soon after, music critic Jud Cost introduced Clapp to local producer Jeff Saltzman, who took on the task of engineering and producing the record in a double-wide mobile home in Campbell, California called Mysterious Cove Studios. Around this time, Maz Kattuah—Winther's bandmate from the Mummies—joined the orchestra on lead guitar. However, with the band's first recording session nearing, it was decided that Winther would be better on guitar, and Kattuah on the drums. The switch was made, but Kattuah's soon left the group due to an increasing tour schedule with The Phantom Surfers.
A session drummer, Bob Vickers, was hired for the initial recording sessions (Saltzman and Vickers had recorded under the name Cerebral Corps. in the early 1990s). The Santa Cruz drummer immediately clicked with the band, and he was soon asked to join as a member in 1995. As sessions progressed, the band received offers from several labels to release the recordings. The group signed with Chicago-based Minty Fresh Records in late 1996, but the label wanted the band to finish the album with a different producer.
Clapp and his cohort flew to Minneapolis in winter to finish the album with producer-engineer Bryan Hanna, recording several of the songs live in the studio. The renewed energy of the experience transformed the group into a band distinct from Allen Clapp and his Orchestra. They officially became The Orange Peels in the early months of 1997, and their debut album, "Square", was released in the late summer of that year. The album received much critical acclaim, and was nominated for two California Music Awards; best debut album and best independent album.
"So Far" and lineup changes (1998–2001).
After touring on its debut record was finished, Clapp built a modest home studio where the group embarked on the recording of its second album. Halfway through the sessions, Vickers left the group. San Francisco multi-instrumentalist John Moremen was asked to join, and the group continued playing live and recording until Winther left. 
Sessions continued with the three remaining members until the rest of the album was completed. During this time, the band's headquarters moved from Redwood City to Sunnyvale, where Clapp and Pries had purchased an Eichler home. Just before the master tapes were due in Japan for release on Quattro Label, Winther and Vickers both returned with Winther on lead guitar and Vickers on either lead guitar or electric piano.
It was this lineup that toured on the release of "So Far" (spinART Records) in the early months of 2001. A blitz of media coverage ensued, with television appearances, radio interviews and shows. It culminated with the band being featured on the cover of the San Francisco Guardian. 
Two songs, "So Far" and "The Pattern on the Wall" would go on to appear in the "Happy Birthday" episode of television show "Felicity" and the lead track, "Back in San Francisco" remains the band's most-downloaded song. Vickers again left soon after, reducing the band to its line up in version 4 of the group. This version of the group did considerable touring and led to a more straight-ahead rock presentation, which would be reflected on the songs being written for their third album. Just as home sessions were progressing, the group disintegrated with Winther and Moremen leaving after a tour of the East Coast.
"Circling the Sun", touring and "2020" (2002–present).
Having already written most of the third album, Clapp and Pries decided to record the album with Bryan Hanna in Minneapolis. Joining them were multi-instrumentalist Oed Ronne and drummer Peter Anderson, both from The Ocean Blue. Hanna also drummed on the sessions. Ronne and Anderson had played with Clapp and Pries in late fall in New York on a tour for Clapp's second solo album, "Available Light". They met at the Terrarium over Christmas and New Years 2002-2003 to record most of "Circling the Sun". 
Overdubs and a few new songs were completed later that year at the Sunnyvale studio with Ronne and with Vickers returning as a guest musician. In 2005, Parasol Records released "Circling the Sun" and the band embarked on West Coast and Midwest tours. While the album inherited some of the rock feel of the band's earlier touring years, it also benefited from a sonic sleekness which its previous efforts lacked. Both the title track and the lead track, "Something in You," received more commercial airplay than any previous release.
This version of the group recently wrapped production on its fourth album, "2020" in its Sunnyvale, California studio. The album was released on Nov. 10, 2009 on Minty Fresh, followed by San Francisco and Los Angeles record release shows.

</doc>
<doc id="9757921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757921" title="Whitewater Falls (North Carolina)">
Whitewater Falls (North Carolina)

Whitewater Falls is a series of waterfalls and cascades on the Whitewater River in South Carolina. Over the 2.4 mile (3.9 km) course of the river on the two falls, the Whitewater River drops 1071 ft. (330.5 m.).

</doc>
<doc id="9757932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757932" title="My December">
My December

My December is the third studio album by American pop rock recording artist Kelly Clarkson. The album was released on June 22, 2007 throughout most of Europe (such as Germany, Ireland, Italy and the Netherlands), on June 23, 2007 in Australia, on June 25, 2007 in the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Poland and Mexico, and on June 26, 2007 in North America. Clarkson confirmed the name of the album in her journal on her fanclub website on February 27, 2007. Since its release, "My December" has shipped one million copies in the U.S and has been certified Platinum. It has also been certified Platinum in other countries, including Canada and Australia. The album was voted as the fifth best album of 2007 by the readers of "Billboard". It ranked at number 53 on the Australian Year End Chart. The album was heavily reviewed by critics who noted the albums deeper rock influence when compared Clarkson's previous album "Breakaway".
Background.
Release date.
"My December" was released on June 26, 2007 in North America. In numerous interviews and press releases, the release date for "My December" had been stated as July 24, 2007.
Clarkson had stated on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" that the release date for "My December" had been pushed up, in an effort to allow fans to become familiar with the album before its upcoming promotional tour. The tour was then cancelled on June 14, 2007, with low ticket sales being acknowledged and Clarkson noting that it was "too much too soon". Clarkson rescheduled her tour to the fall of 2007 and performed in smaller venues than originally planned.
The album had been put up for pre-order on iTunes on June 12, including an offer from Ticketmaster for preferred seating to the upcoming tour. However, the offer was removed after the tour was cancelled. The album itself remained available for pre-order. A deluxe edition was also released with extra songs and a making of the album video.
Internationally, the album was released on June 23, 2007 in Australia and June 25, 2007 in the U.K.
Story.
Clarkson began writing and composing songs for "My December" during her international "Breakaway World Tour". In an interview, Clarkson was quoted:
During this period, Clarkson wrote songs that would eventually become part of her album, "My December", calling it "free therapy". These feelings inspired the song "Irvine", telling of when she was in Irvine, California. "Irvine" would be later used in the season five premiere episode of "One Tree Hill" titled "4 Years, 6 Months, 2 Days".
Conflict with record label.
Prior to the album's release, sources reported that Clive Davis, the head of Sony-BMG, was dissatisfied with the album. Davis reportedly wanted Clarkson to make significant changes to the album, with some rumors claiming that he even wanted to delete the entire album, and have her record all new material. Clarkson reportedly refused to change any of the material. Initially, these reports were denied by representatives for both RCA and Clive Davis, with Davis specifically stating that Clarkson is "one of the top four artists at Sony-BMG" and wanted to ensure that she is treated as such.
However, Clarkson later confirmed the rumors to be true. Not only did she state that Davis wanted to hold the album from being released as scheduled, she also stated that her label thought the album was "too negative" and dark. Clarkson has stated multiple times that she recognizes that "My December" may not rival the showstopping sales of "Breakaway". However, she compares it to Bruce Springsteen's landmark 1982 album "Nebraska", which was explicitly anti-commercial but has since gained a huge reputation of, as she said, "an artist's record". Clarkson stated:
"Idol" judge, Simon Cowell, commented on the situation in issue of "Entertainment Weekly", saying:
The controversy fell quiet for a brief stint, but resumed when Clarkson cancelled her tour for "My December" and fired her manager, Jeff Kwatinetz. Interestingly, Jeff Kwatinetz had defended "My December" to Clarkson's label, saying:
Narvel Blackstock, Reba McEntire's husband, has since been hired by Clarkson as her personal manager. In regards to her cancelled tour, disappointing ticket sales were acknowledged as a factor, and Clarkson stated that it (touring) was "too much too soon". Following the dismissal of her manager and cancelling her tour, Clarkson appeared in an issue of "Elle Magazine", where it was revealed that Davis offered Clarkson $10 million to remove five songs from the album in favor of five more radio friendly songs of Davis' choosing — including "Black Hole" which appeared on Lindsay Lohan's album, "A Little More Personal (Raw)". Clarkson refused the offer, and stated that:
Reba McEntire responded to the situation in the same issue, praising Clarkson:
Further articles displaying Clarkson "downplaying" her label were written. In an edition of "USA Weekend", Clarkson stated:
Although "American Idol" judge Simon Cowell had sided with Clarkson earlier, it seemed he begun to grow sick of the controversy as he was quoted saying,
A few weeks after the release of "My December", Clarkson publicly stated that all of the controversy regarding her "feud" with her label has been "blown way out of proportion". In a statement on her website, Clarkson stated:
"Idol" controversy.
Some felt that Clarkson was shunned by Davis during his appearance on the finale show of "American Idol" season 6, when he proceeded to promote other "Idol" contestants' current singles or albums, but failed to mention Clarkson's upcoming "My December" album, or its first single, "Never Again", and furthermore went out of his way to praise professional songwriters such as those who had written "Breakaway" and "Since U Been Gone". He did, however, briefly mention that Clarkson had sold over 15 million albums worldwide to date, when discussing the current state of "Idol" sales.
In addition, she claims that she was pressured by the label to sing "Never Again" at the charity event "Idol Gives Back" to promote the song, saying,
Instead, Clarkson sang Patty Griffin's "Up to the Mountain (MLK Song)" at the "Idol Gives Back" special, getting a standing ovation, and saved "Never Again" for her appearance on the season finale show.
Critical and commercial reaction.
The first single, "Never Again", was released on April 13 in the U.S., and despite debuting in the top ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 thanks to strong digital sales, it never achieved substantial airplay and was pulled from many stations only a couple of weeks following its release.
Otherwise, the album opened successfully. In spite of its uncommercial nature, its opening week sales were comparable to those of Clarkson's first two albums.
Many fans reacted positively to the preview of the album. On sites like Clarkson's official website, AOL, iTunes and "Rolling Stone", customer reviews currently average 4 out of 5 stars.
In spite of all the controversy surrounding "My December", the album has garnered fairly positive reviews from professionals and critics as well.
Slant Magazine reviewed "My December" mostly positive, with the album receiving a 3.5/5 star review, equivalent to the score given to "Breakaway". An excerpt from the review, in response to the disappointing performance of "Never Again", reads, "But who cares about hits—or appeasing the kids—when the songs are this good?"
"The Times" writes: "Clarkson has the moxie to rock without worrying about what anybody else thinks... Her gift is finding the source of vitality in absolute mainstream, people-pleasing pop, which by its nature breaks stylistic rules in favor of magpie mash-ups, bold appropriations and happy accidents."
AllMusic, however, gave a more lukewarm review, giving it 3/5 stars, saying "It's what Kelly wanted to do, so on that level it's a success, and one that listeners who share her viewpoint (and quite likely her age) will respond to but for everybody else, My December is a disappointment." Commenting on Clarkson's feud with the record label, they also claim, "My December proves that both camps were correct: Davis is correct that there are no big crossover hits here, yet it's also true that this is an artistic move that Clarkson needed to make. If left up to Davis, she would simply be another vocalist singing professional product."
"Rolling Stone", giving a similar lukewarm review, writes, "Clarkson clobbers you over the head with her emotions and arena-ready choruses. The result is a record that's bland in some spots and annoying in others." However, "Rolling Stone" praised the album for tracks such as "How I Feel", "Irvine" and "Yeah", noting that Clarkson may have another "'Since U Been Gone' in her yet".
It was suggested that so much controversy could hinder the sales of Clarkson's new album. M. Tye Corner of AOL music says that so much controversy could "affect sales a bit in the first few weeks and when the record comes out," but he thinks that Clarkson will still "come out on the top."
The album scored 64/100 on Metacritic indicating generally positive reviews.
Chart performance.
"My December", in its debut, not only was one of the best selling albums of the week, but sold faster than Clarkson's previous album, "Breakaway" (which peaked at number three). The album debuted at number two in the U.S. with sales of approximately 291,000 copies — a mere 6,000 copies less than Clarkson's debut hit, "Thankful", sold in its first week. It came behind "", which sold about 326,000 copies that week.
The album debuted at number two in the U.K. selling 40,509 copies, eventually falling to number nine in its second week, and number twenty in its third week.
The album was certified platinum in the United States by RIAA on the 12 December 2007. "My December", made it to number 66 on the album year-end-chart of 2007, while Clarkson was the sixty-third top selling artist of the year.
The album debuted and peaked at number four on the Australian ARIA Charts, falling off the Top 20 in five weeks. It fell off the charts after eighteen weeks.
Singles.
"Never Again".
"Never Again" was the first single from "My December" worldwide. Clarkson confirmed its release on her official website on April 4, 2007 and debuted the song on Los Angeles 102.7 KIIS-FM's radio show "On-Air with Ryan Seacrest" on April 13, 2007. The song was released on the iTunes Store on April 20, 2007 and permanently available for sale on April 24, 2007. It debuted and peaked at number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100, but unlike her previous singles it encountered radio resistance. Despite its poor radio airplay, the song logged an impressive number of 991,000 digital downloads. As of May 2010, the song has sold over one million digital downloads.
"Sober".
Clarkson confirmed "Sober" as the second single from "My December" on her journal in the Official Kelly Clarkson Fan Club. The song was released to airwaves on June 6, 2007. Industry experts state that "Sober" was a crucial single for Clarkson, as the lead single for "My December", "Never Again", charted well due to strong digital downloads but encountered radio airplay resistance in a number of U.S. markets, especially when compared to the radio success of all five of her singles from her previous album Breakaway. "Never Again" had been descending in radio airplay after failing to break the top 20 on the Pop format, and therefore was one reason why "Sober" was released so soon after "Never Again" (just over five weeks later, and three weeks before the release of the album). Whether radio accepted "Sober" was considered key in determining the sales potential of "My December". After the failure of the song (Clarkson's least successful single in the U.S. to date), sales of the My December album in the U.S. largely ceased, and no further U.S. singles from the album were released.
However, in an interview with Nashville radio station 107.5 The River, Clarkson said that she released "Sober" so early because she wanted to show the diversity of music in "My December". In July 2007, "Sober" was a highlight of Clarkson's five-song set at Live Earth at Giants Stadium, with the audience audibly applauding her vocal line during the song's climax near the end. It has also been considered as a fan favorite of the album. "Sober" did have a featured spot in Clarkson's My December Tour, being played at the start of the encores and receiving a strong audience response. No music video was made for the song.
"One Minute".
"One Minute" started gaining airplay in Australia which led the label to officially release it as the second single in Australia. A CD-single was released on September 22, 2007 in Australia. However, it ultimately failed to make a major dent on the charts, debuting at number 36 before quickly exiting the charts.
"Don't Waste Your Time".
Don't Waste Your Time was released as the third and final single. It was released in several European countries via iTunes in November 2007. It was released as a CD Single in Germany in December 2007. It was released in Australia in February 2008. The music video combines real images and computer animated graphics.
My December tour.
Clarkson announced on her website that the My December Tour would start on July 11, 2007 in Portland, Oregon. The tour had 37 dates across the U.S. and Canada. Mat Kearney was scheduled to open for her and another possible special guest may have accompanied her.
However, on June 14, 2007, the tour was canceled. Live Nation CEO Michael Rapino released a statement:
""Ticket sales have not been what we anticipated and we came to the realization that we had bit off more than we could chew. In the end, we are in the Kelly Clarkson business and for that reason we believe that this decision will only benefit her and her fans in the long run.""
Clarkson posted a response on her official website promising a new tour would happen: 
""I promise you that we're going to get back out there as soon as is humanly possible to give you a show that will be even better.""
A new My December Tour for Fall 2007 in North America was announced on September 4, 2007 in Billboard.com and elsewhere, Clarkson was scheduled to play 26 dates in 3,000-to-7,500 seat theatres rather than the previous arenas. The twenty-tour city tour began in Verona, New York on October 10, 2007 and finished in Nashville, Tennessee on December 3, 2007.
When the second incarnation of the tour appeared on Ticketmaster, Jon McLaughlin was confirmed to be opening for Clarkson for the majority, if not all of her North America dates.

</doc>
<doc id="9757941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757941" title="Fright (comics)">
Fright (comics)

Fright, real name Dr. Linda Friitawa, is a fictional character in the DC universe. She first appeared in "Batman" #627 (April 2004)
Fictional character biography.
Fright first appeared as Linda Friitawa, a scientist in the employ of the Penguin, assisting the Scarecrow in his experiments to refine his fear-inducing chemicals. Friitawa had been a geneticist until losing her medical license for unauthorized experiments on human beings. An albino, Friitawa slept through the day and worked all night assisting the Scarecrow. In contrast to the Penguin, who constantly harangued and bullied the Scarecrow, Friitawa showed him kindness.
Soon, a gigantic creature dubbed the "Scarebeast" began killing off the Penguin's underlings. Although the creature exhaled fear-inducing toxin and resembled the Scarecrow's costume, Friitawa claimed to believe the Scarecrow when he claimed he had nothing to do with the creature.
Batman defeated the creature and discovered that it was, in fact, the Scarecrow. Unbeknownst to the Scarecrow, the Penguin had hired Friitawa, to alter the Scarecrow's own genetic experiments and infect him with them, causing him to transform into the Scarebeast. Friitawa also used the Scarecrow's genetic experiments to cure herself of her albinism and give herself superhuman abilities. When Batman confronted Friitawa and the Penguin with his discoveries, she told him to call her "Fright" and ran off.
Recently, she has joined the new Black Mask in his Ministry of Science. She is also his lover.
Powers and abilities.
According to the Penguin, Fright has the ability to exhale nerve toxins. She also has superhuman strength and agility, the degree of which is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9757954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757954" title="Fawley Power Station">
Fawley Power Station

Fawley Power Station was an oil-fired power station located on the western side of Southampton Water, between the villages of Fawley and Calshot in Hampshire. Its 198 m (650 feet) chimney is a prominent (and navigationally useful) landmark, but it is not, as is sometimes claimed, the highest point in Hampshire (which is Pilot Hill).
Overview.
The station, which in its final years was owned and operated by N Power, was oil-fired, powered by heavy fuel oil. A pipeline connected the station to the nearby Fawley oil refinery. Because oil is more expensive than other fuels such as coal and natural gas, Fawley did not operate continuously, but came on line at times of high demand. 
It was also connected to the National Grid with circuits going to Nursling and a tunnel under Southampton Water to Chilling then to Lovedean with a local substation at Botley Wood.
History.
Fawley was built by Mitchell Construction for the CEGB and was commissioned in 1971 as a 2,000 megawatt (MW) power station, with four 500 MW generating units, each consisting of a boiler supplying steam to a turbine that powers an associated generator. It is interesting as the cooling pumps were Britain's largest with a flow of 210000 GPM. One was driven by an experimental super-conducting electric motor.
Two units were mothballed in 1995. This means that in its final years the station produced only 1,000 MW of power.
On 18 September 2012, RWE npower announced they would be shutting down Fawley power station by the end of March 2013, due to the EU Large Combustion Plant Directive. The power station was duly shut on 31 March 2013. The decommissioning and demolition of the plant is expected to take several years, and the future of the site remains undecided.
Proposed Fawley B station.
CEGB plans for a coal-fired Fawley B station were not pursued following privatisation of the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9757986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757986" title="Figure skating at the 2007 European Youth Olympic Festival">
Figure skating at the 2007 European Youth Olympic Festival

Figure skating competitions at the 8th European Youth Olympic Festival were only held in junior single skating categories on "Jaca Arena" in Jaca, Spain, between February 19 and February 22.

</doc>
<doc id="9757999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9757999" title="KRQR">
KRQR

KRQR is a commercial radio station located in Orland, California, broadcasting to the entire Sacramento Valley on 106.7 FM. KRQR airs an active rock music format branded as "Z-Rock", adopting the branding and imaging formerly used by the satellite radio network of the same name.
The call letters were previously used by frequency 97.3 FM in San Francisco from 1982 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9758015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758015" title="Frances Lima">
Frances Lima

Frances Lima is a British actress known for her brief role as Georgina Lee in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale". She also been a guest on "The Bill" for 3 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9758016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758016" title="Boys' Brigade Gazette">
Boys' Brigade Gazette

The "Boys' Brigade Gazette" is a quarterly magazine printed regularly since 1889 in the United Kingdom for the officers and leaders of the Battalions and Companies of the Brigade in the UK and Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9758024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758024" title="2007–08 A1 Grand Prix season">
2007–08 A1 Grand Prix season

The 2007–08 A1 Grand Prix season was the third in the relatively short history of the championship.
Teams.
All teams used same A1 Grand Prix car including Zytek-powered, Cooper Avon-shod and Lola chassis. The following 22 teams are competitors in the 2007-08 championship :
Swiss drivers Rahel Frey and Natacha Gachnang are the two first females to drive A1 Grand Prix cars this season. Their first steps were test drivers during Silverstone, September 18–19, 2007, test session. Then Natacha Gachnang drove in rookie sessions in Czech round, on October 12, 2007 and Rahel Frey in Malaysian rookie sessions, on November 23, 2007
Since January 2008, the Performance Racing manage A1 Team Indonesia. Bagoes Hermanto, brother of Satrio Hermanto, became the new Team Principal.
Season calendar and winners.
Due to Zandvoort's noise restriction, Netherlands round wasn't able to conduct Friday sessions and so rookie session. Saturday morning was dedicated to practice sessions and Saturday afternoon to qualify sessions for each Sunday race.
Rule changes.
Since round 5, in Taupo, a 30 per cent biofuel mix was introduce. This environmental initiative its the first initiatives to help reduce its environmental footprint in motorsport series. The new fuel its an ethanol based product Hiperflo E30 sourced from sugar beet in Europe and produced by Petrochem Carless. The prediction are a CO2 emissions reduction by 21% per car.
A new light close to the entry of pit lane is introduce since round 5, in Taupo when safety car is out. When the lights are on, drivers can pit but its not counted as one of the two mandatory stops. Pits are allowed for mechanical work to be carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="9758057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758057" title="Rödl">
Rödl

Rödl or Roedl is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9758101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758101" title="Mangareva language">
Mangareva language

Mangareva, also known as the Mangarevan language, is a Polynesian language spoken in the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia by about 1600 people on the islands of Gambier and Mangareva. Speakers also have some bilingualism in Tahitian, in which there is a 50-68% lexical similarity. It is a member of the Marquesic subgroup, and as such is closely related to Hawaiian and to the languages of the Marquesas Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9758119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758119" title="Medical Venturers">
Medical Venturers

"Medical Venturers or MedVents"' is a program that was created by groups of Scouts Canada. The program focuses on teaching members new skills that can be applied inside and outside of scouting events. The program is for youth, male and female, ages 14 to 26.
Program.
Program Sections.
Medical Venturers include members from two program sections:
Medical Venturer groups are open to males and females.
Camps.
Medical Venturers attend camps both as participants, and as staff.
When attending a camp as staff, they are usually required to be ready to provide first-aid anywhere in the camp with just a few moments notice.
Medical Venturers also attend camps that are geared solely towards training. Groups are typically split up and shuffled. This forces individuals to learn how to work in a team effectively, and increases the level of challenge. Individuals both learn and teach skills that they have acquired while in these groups.
Approximately 100 MedVents from various Canadian groups supplied medical assistance to physicians and nurses at CJ07 Scout Jamboree at Tamaracouta Quebec in August 2007. CJ07 was the first time medical services for a Canadian Jamboree was provided by Scouting members. Coincidentally, the medical staff were also registered Scouters and MedVent Advisors.
Service.
In addition to providing first aid service to Scouting and public events, many groups are expected to assist their EMS sponsors in providing volunteer assistance when paramedics are involved in charitable events.
Uniforms.
There are different uniforms for MedVents Groups. MedVent groups without a signed Memorandum of Understanding between Scouts Canada and their Sponsor wears the standard Scouts Canada uniform or the MedVent shirt without the flasher. MedVent groups who have signed the Memorandum of Understanding and have received approval from Scouts Canada can wear the MedVent "program activity" uniform. A navy blue Scouts Canada strip is also affixed above the shirt's left pocket flap.
The activity uniform consists of a navy blue military style shirt with a navy blue Scouts Canada Bar with Canadian flag over the left breast pocket. The purple World Scout badge is worn above this. In some groups the sponsor's or partner's logo is worn on the right breast above the pocket. A distinctive epaulet (light blue for Venturers, Red for Rovers and Navy for non-section advisors) with medical skill level denoted by 1 to 3 bars is worn on the shoulders. Section Advisors wear the same colour epaulets as their youth section. Group shoulder flashes are also placed on the sleeves. An agency badge (Red Cross, St John Ambulance, etc.) is worn on the right sleeve.
Groups in BC wear the Council badge on the left Sleeve with the agency badge (Red Cross, etc.) worn below. On the right sleeve is a Scouts Canada Medical Program badge. This badge has a white background with yellow trim. It is rounded at the top and flat on the bottom. It contains the star of life in blue and Fleur-de-lis in yellow. Around the top in blue writing is Scouts Canada and along the bottom in blue is Medical Program. Below this badge are specific qualification badges (basic, advanced, nurse, paramedic, search and rescue, pilot, etc.) depending on professional qualifications or medvent qualifications. Above the main badge is a group flasher indicating what group you belong to. Epauletes worn are blue and have the star of life in the centre with the medical qualifiction on the ends. This allows a Medvent to hold a basic or intermediate level (indicated on the sleeve), but hold a First Responder Certification indicated on the epaulet. This avoids any confusion with the bars.
Navy blue paramedic pants (with reflective stripe) are also worn with a black web belt along with black safety shoes. A group necked is worn by some groups. A scissors kit with penlight is also normally worn.
Medical Training 3 to 4 year program.
Medical Venturers and Rovers is a THEMED (or vocational) Scouting Program.
A standard first aid/CPR/AED certification is sometimes required as a prerequisite to joining a Medical Venturer company at age 14.
Program example: A member must then complete 24 hours of volunteer medical service before he/she is awarded the basic level epaulets (one bar) and certificate.
An intermediate level at age 15, involves successful completion of a wilderness first aid survival weekend course at camp and then completion of an additional 48 hours of medical service. An intermediate certificate and 2 bar epaulets are then issued to the member.
An advanced level member must certify in either Emergency First Responder (EFR), Emergency Medical Responder (EMR) or International Trauma Life Support (ITLS) courses along with two ambulance rideouts to qualify at that level. The member is then asked to accumulate an additional 72 hours of volunteer medical service to complete his/her advanced qualification. The member is then awarded the advanced certificate and the 3 bar epaulets.
Many of the advanced level "MedRovers" continue their education in a university or community college paramedicine (or other medical oriented) curriculum and then seek employment as paramedics, firefighters, police officers or nurses. Some have even set their sights higher and are pursuing a career as a physician.
This program has been extremely successful in producing some of the most self-assured and competent Canadian citizens in our communities.

</doc>
<doc id="9758121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758121" title="Asteroid (disambiguation)">
Asteroid (disambiguation)

An asteroid is an astronomical object. Specific variants include the following:
Asteroid or Asteroids may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9758131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758131" title="KALF">
KALF

KALF is a commercial radio station licensed to Red Bluff, California, and located in Chico, California, broadcasting to the Butte County area on 95.7 FM. KALF airs a country music format branded as "95.7 The Wolf".

</doc>
<doc id="9758132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758132" title="Charles Christian Plitt">
Charles Christian Plitt

Charles Christian Plitt (born 6 May 1869 in Baltimore, Maryland, died there 13 October 1933) was a botanist and lichenologist. Species of lichens that have been named in Charles Plitt's honor are: "Pyrenula plittii" R.C.Harris, "Xanthoparmelia plittii" (Gyelnk) Hale, and "Pertusaria plittiana" Erichsen.
Plitt graduated from Baltimore City College with honors, and in 1891 received the Graduate degree in Pharmacy (Ph. G) from the Maryland College of Pharmacy. In 1921, the degree of Doctor of Science was conferred upon him by the International Academy of Science. He lived in Baltimore, Maryland his entire life.
For more than 36 years, Charles Plitt taught botany and general science in the public schools of Baltimore and for his last twenty years at Baltimore City college. During a portion of this time, Plitt served part-time as a member of the research staff of the Maryland College of Pharmacy. Upon becoming chairman of that institution, he gave up teaching in public schools.
Beginning in the 1890s, Plitt became an avid collector of plants and lichens. He led Saturday afternoon trips around the Baltimore area to botanize and instruct others interested in plant identification. He called these botanical excursions "tramps". Plitt kept accurate notes on each of these trips and eventually accumulated enough data to fill 29 volumes. According to "The Sun", a Baltimore newspaper, he made 3,153 tramps between 1899 and 1922. (Sipple 1999) These journals are a priceless record of the varied species of plants which once grew in habitats now buried beneath urban landscapes.
Irwin Murray Brodo, a world authority on the identification and biology of lichens, reported that Plitt had a private collection of over 10,000 lichen specimens. This collection was estimated to be the third largest at the time. (Brodo 2000) In 1908, Plitt gave a talk to the Sullivant Moss Society which was meeting in Baltimore, and a year later published an abstract of this talk in "The Bryologist". (Plitt 1908) Apparently some of the specimens that he used for that talk were found by Charlie Davis in little glass boxes in the archives of The Natural History Society of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="9758153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758153" title="Billie Jean Blues">
Billie Jean Blues

Billie Jean Blues is the first compilation album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was on CD by the label Collectables on August 27, 1996, the same day as the compilation album "Blues Is All Right". The album was produced by Swamp Dogg at several club sessions. "The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings" says that "most of the club performances are over-extended, some self-defeatingly."
A reworked version of "Hey Joe" would later appear on Shorty's other compilation album, "The Best of Guitar Shorty", in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9758161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758161" title="James Lindley">
James Lindley

James (Jimmy) Lindley is a goalkeeper for Grantham Town F.C.. 
He signed his first professional contract at Notts County. He has also played for Tamworth, Lincoln City, Hucknall Town, Harrogate Town and Mansfield Town. He re-joined Ilkeston Town on a permanent basis in December 2007 after falling out of favour at Alfreton Town. However, he soon left Ilkeston Town and initially retired from football after struggling to keep an interest in the game. In May 2008 he signed for Hucknall for a third time. At the start of the 2009/2010 season, Lindley had joined Retford United At the start of the 2012/2013 season, he was signed by Grantham Town in the Premier Division of the Northern Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="9758169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758169" title="Bravia (automobile)">
Bravia (automobile)

Bravia was a Portuguese vehicle manufacturer. It started by reconditioning military vehicles and by 1964 it had become a manufacturer in its own right. Its best known product is the wheeled APC Bravia Chaimite.
References.
Denis Miller, "The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Trucks and Buses", New Burlington Books, London (1982)

</doc>
<doc id="9758173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758173" title="Ken Whitmore">
Ken Whitmore

Ken Whitmore, born Hanley, Staffordshire, December 22, 1937, is a prolific author of radio plays, stage plays, short stories and poetry. His writing is characterised by black comedy and fantastic ideas, such as the complete disappearance of a man’s house, family and dog ("One of Our Commuters is Missing") and the need for all mankind to jump in the air simultaneously ("Jump!" - a work which was produced on radio, stage, TV and as a book.)
His first radio play in 1974 was "Haywire at Humbleford Flag" and there swiftly followed a stream of high-quality radio plays, ending with "The Final Twist" (from a stage play written in collaboration with Alfred Bradley.)
Whitmore’s adaptations for radio are "Going Under" from the novel by the Russian Lydia Chukovskaya, a five-part adaptation of "Brighton Rock" by Graham Greene, and an eight-part adaptation of "Fame is the Spur" by Howard Spring.
His published stage plays are "Jump for Your Life", "Pen Friends", "La Bolshie Vita", "The Final Twist" and "The Turn of the Screw", adapted from the story by Henry James.
Paul Donovan on TimesOnline quoted Whitmore as saying that his dearest wish was to write a drama that would stop people ironing.

</doc>
<doc id="9758192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758192" title="Women's writing in English">
Women's writing in English

The academic discipline of women's writing as a discrete area of literary studies is based on the notion that the experience of women, historically, has been shaped by their gender, and so women writers by definition are a group worthy of separate study: "Their texts emerge from and intervene in conditions usually very different from those which produced most writing by men." It is not a question of the subject matter or political stance of a particular author, but of her gender: her position as a woman within the literary marketplace. Women's writing, as a discrete area of literary studies and practice, is recognized explicitly by the numbers of dedicated journals, organizations, awards, and conferences which focus mainly or exclusively on texts produced by women. The study of women's writing developed in the 1970s and since. The majority of English literature programmes offer courses on specific aspects of literature by women, and women's writing is generally considered an area of specialization in its own right.
The exemplary tradition.
The idea of discussing women's cultural contributions as a separate category has a long history. Lists of exemplary women can be found as far back as the 8th century BC, when Hesiod compiled "Catalogue of Women" (attr.), a list of heroines and goddesses. Plutarch listed heroic and artistic women in his "Moralia". In the medieval period, Boccaccio used mythic and biblical women as moral exemplars in "De mulieribus claris" (On Famous Women) (1361–1375), directly inspiring Christine de Pisan to write "The Book of the City of Ladies" (1405). British writers, as in so many other instances, embraced the classical models and made them their own. Some of the British catalogues were moral in tone but others focused on accomplishments as well as virtues. There are many examples in the 18th century of exemplary catalogues of women writers, including George Ballard's "Memoirs of Several Ladies of Great Britain Who Have Been Celebrated for their Writing or Skill in the Learned Languages, Arts, and Sciences" (1752), John Duncombe's "Feminiad", a catalogue of women writers, and the "Biographium faemineum: the female worthies, or, Memoirs of the most illustrious ladies, of all ages and nations, who have been eminently distinguished for their magnanimity, learning, genius, virtue, piety, and other excellent endowments". And as long as there has been this laudatory trend there has been a counter-trend of misogynist writings, perhaps exemplified by Richard Polwhele's "The Unsex'd Females", a critique in verse of women writers at the end of the 18th century with a particular focus on Mary Wollstonecraft and her circle.
Women writers themselves have long been interested in tracing a "woman's tradition" in writing. Mary Scott's "The Female Advocate: A Poem Occasioned by Reading Mr Duncombe's Feminead" (1774) is one of the best known such works in the 18th century, a period that saw a burgeoning of women's publishing. In 1803, Mary Hays published the six volume "Female Biography". Virginia Woolf's "A Room of One's Own" (1929) exemplifies the impulse in the modern period to explore a tradition of women's writing. Woolf, however, sought to explain what she perceived as an absence; by the mid-century scholarly attention turned to finding and reclaiming "lost" writers. And there were many to reclaim: it is common for the editors of dictionaries or anthologies of women's writing to refer to the difficulty in choosing from all the available material.
Currently.
Women's writing came to exist as a separate category of scholarly interest relatively recently. In the West, the second wave of feminism prompted a general reevaluation of women's historical contributions, and various academic sub-disciplines, such as women's history and women's writing, developed in response to the belief that women's lives and contributions have been underrepresented as areas of scholarly interest. Virginia Blain et al. characterize the growth in interest since 1970 in women's writing as "powerful". Much of this early period of feminist literary scholarship was given over to the rediscovery and reclamation of texts written by women. Studies like Dale Spender's "Mothers of the Novel" (1986) and Jane Spencer's "The Rise of the Woman Novelist" (1986) were ground-breaking in their insistence that women have always been writing. Commensurate with this growth in scholarly interest, various presses began the task of reissuing long-out-of-print texts. Virago Press began to publish its large list of 19th and early-20th-century novels in 1975 and became one of the first commercial presses to join in the project of reclamation. In the 1980s Pandora Press, responsible for publishing Spender's study, issued a companion line of 18th-century novels by written by women. More recently, Broadview Press continues to issue 18th- and 19th-century novels, many hitherto out of print, and the University of Kentucky has a series of republications of early women's novels. There has been commensurate growth in the area of biographical dictionaries of women writers due to a perception, according to one editor, that "ost of our women are not represented in the 'standard' reference books in the field.".
Trade publishers have similarly focused on women's writing: since the 1970s there have been a number of literary periodicals such as "Fireweed" and "Room of One's Own" which are dedicated to publishing the creative work of women writers. There are a number of dedicated presses, such as the Second Story Press and the Women's Press. In addition, collections and anthologies of women's writing continue to be published by both trade and academic presses. 
The widespread interest in women's writing developed alongside, influenced, and was influenced by, a general reassessment and expansion of the literary canon. Interest in post-colonial literatures, gay and lesbian literature, writing by people of colour, working people's writing, and the cultural productions of other historically marginalized groups has resulted in a whole scale expansion of what is considered "literature," and genres hitherto not regarded as "literary," such as children's writing, journals, letters, travel writing, and many others are now the subjects of scholarly interest. Most genres and sub-genres have undergone a similar analysis, so that one now sees work on the "female gothic" or women's science fiction, for example.
The question of whether or not there is a "women's tradition" remains vexed; some scholars and editors refer to a "women's canon" and women's "literary lineage," and seek to "identify the recurring themes and to trace the evolutionary and interconnecting patterns" in women's writing, but the range of women's writing across time and place is so considerable that, according to some, it is inaccurate to speak of "women's writing" in a universal sense: Claire Buck calls "women's writing" an "unstable category." Further, women writers cannot be considered apart from their male contemporaries and the larger literary tradition. Recent scholarship on race, class, and sexuality in literature further complicate the issue and militate against the impulse to posit one "women's tradition." Some scholars maintain a commonality, however: editors Virginia Blain et al. argue that "the inter-nationality of the entries" in "The Feminist Companion to Literature in English" "confirms our sense both of a common literary inheritance differently managed in its several locations and of a tradition in women's writing based on common experience and spanning geographical and cultural boundaries." More cautiously, Roger Lonsdale allows that "it is not unreasonable to consider" women writers "in some aspects as a special case, given their educational insecurities and the constricted notions of the properly 'feminine' in social and literary behaviour they faced.". Using the term "women's writing" implies, then, the belief that women in some sense constitute a group, however diverse, who share a position of difference based on gender. Blain et al. lay out their determination to include "not only English women, but women writing in English in several national traditions, including Irish, African, American, Asian, Australian, Canadian, Caribbean, New Zealand, South Pacific and British." This approach implies that although gender dynamics vary from time and place, the dynamic of difference itself is persistent, and further, that those differences present opportunities for fruitful inquiry.

</doc>
<doc id="9758193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758193" title="Martyn Wood">
Martyn Wood

Martyn Benjamin Wood (born 25 April 1977 in Harrogate) was a rugby union footballer who played at Scrum-half for Wasps and Bath.
Club career.
Wood began his career at Wasps, making his debut in 1996 and remained there until 2003. Whilst at Wasps he won the Challenge Cup in 2003 (scoring a try in the final) and the domestic Anglo-Welsh Cup (currently known as the LV Cup) in 1999 and 2000. He was also part of the Wasps team which won the Premiership in 1996/97 and 2002/03, In the summer of 2003 he joined Bath and signed a new contract with them in 2005. However, in November 2005 he injured his neck in a freak trampolining accident, leading to him having to retire from the game exactly a year later.
International career.
Wood was called up as injury cover for both the 1999 Rugby World Cup and the victorious 2003 Rugby World Cup. However he was never officially added to either squad after certain players recovered, meaning he was unable to pick up a medal for the 2003 success despite flying out to Australia.
Despite his World Cup near misses, he only received two caps, both as a replacement in games against Canada and USA in 2001, scoring a try against Canada in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="9758209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758209" title="Beguildy">
Beguildy

Beguildy () is a small village and geographically large community in Powys, Wales.
It lies in a remote tract of countryside, northwest of Knighton, on the B4355 road to Newtown. It lies near the headwaters of the River Teme and has an elevation of . The name means "the shepherd's house", a reference to the pastoral occupation of its inhabitants.
The village has a pub ("the Radnorshire Arms"), a post office, a place of worship and a primary school. 
Community.
The large, rural community of Beguildy includes the settlements of Beguildy, Felindre, Dutlas, Lloyney, Heyope and Knucklas. It falls in the historic county of Radnorshire.
Castle.
Beguildy Castle is a Norman motte-and-bailey castle of which the well preserved 20 foot high motte and earthworks remain. The village and the castle lie on the border between England and Wales.
Church.
The church, which is mainly 14th century, was restored considerably in the 19th century, with the chancel being rebuilt in 1885 and the nave restored in 1896. The original tower collapsed in the 19th century and bells, which date from 1661 and 1664, were re-hung in their present position in 1936.
The church features a 14th-century octagonal font (which reputed to carry marks made by Cromwell's troops sharpening their swords), a holy water stoup at the south door and a priests door in the south wall. The Rood screen is a fine example of 15th century workmanship and is well preserved, bearing the original coloured Tudor Roses. Probably from the same period are two oak benches. The dug out parish chest, which was reputedly hewn out of a solid block of timber, is an ancient churchwarden's chest and probably dates form the 13th century. At the end of the chest is an iron ring for use when it was drawn by a horse to be buried or hidden in times of trouble. One part of the chest would have held the church valuables and the other the churchwardens treasures. Each compartment was locked separately. The church is well endowed with 20th-century stained glass windows.
Associations.
John Dee (Black Jack) was born in Beguildy in 1527 and served at the court of Elizabeth I as the royal tutor in mathematics. He later became the Queen's Ambassador to Poland but is remembered as a distinguished early scientist and astronomer. He was reputedly a descendant of Rhodri Mawr, King of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9758218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758218" title="Richard Peña">
Richard Peña

Richard Peña (born 1953) is the former program director of the Film Society of Lincoln Center (organizers of the New York Film Festival and the New Directors/New Films series) and a Professor of Professional Practice at the School of Arts at Columbia University.
Early life.
Peña grew up in New York City where he now lives with his wife and three children.
Education and career.
Peña, the son of Spanish and Puerto Rican parents, was educated at Harvard University and earned a Master's degree in film from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Peña then taught at the University of California Berkeley before joining the Film Center at the Art Institute of Chicago as a film curator. before joining the Film Center at the Art Institute of Chicago as a film curator. In 1988, he joined the Film Society of Lincoln Center as the director of programming.
At the Film Society, Richard Peña has organized retrospectives of Michelangelo Antonioni, Sacha Guitry, acclaimed Iranian director Abbas Kiarostami, Robert Aldrich, Wojciech Has, Youssef Chahine, Yasujiro Ozu, and most recently Amitabh Bachchan, as well as major film series devoted to African, Taiwanese, Polish, Hungarian, Arab, Cuban and Argentine cinema.
In the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, Peña was involved in the controversy over Abbas Kiarostami, who was refused a U.S. immigration visa to attend the festival because of his Iranian roots. Peña had personally invited Kiarostami to the festival but his visa application was rejected. In the event Peña stated: "It's a terrible sign of what's happening in my country today that no one seems to realize or care about the kind of negative signal this sends out to the entire Muslim world."
From 2001 to 2002, Peña was the host on the Sundance Channel's "Conversations in World Cinema, " on which he interviewed Harmony Korine among other leading filmmakers. Since 1996, he has organized together with Unifrance Film the annual "Rendez-Vous with French Cinema Today" program. He is also responsible for creating the annual New York Jewish Film Festival.
Honors.
He will be honored at the 2013 Jerusalem Film Festival and will hold a discussion during the screening of The Gardener with Mohsen Makhmalbaf about the power of cinema.
Other work.
Peña is also a Professor of Professional Practice in the Film department at Columbia University, where he specializes in film theory and international cinema and founded the Columbia University MA program in Film Studies: History, Theory and Criticism (HTC). He is to step down from his posts as the Film Society of Lincoln Center's Program Director and as the head of the NYFF Selection Committee and will be organizing a new educational initiative for the film society.

</doc>
<doc id="9758224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758224" title="The Campbell Times">
The Campbell Times

The Campbell Times is the student-edited newspaper at Campbell University in Buies Creek, North Carolina. The newspaper was established in 1925 and was originally known as "Creek Pebbles" until the current name was adopted in 1983. The print edition is published monthly during the academic year in a tabloid format. The newspaper has a circulation of 2,000 according to the Park Library at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's School of Journalism and Mass Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="9758246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758246" title="Margaret Sanborn">
Margaret Sanborn

Margaret Sanborn (1915–2005) was an American writer and biographer of Robert E. Lee and Mark Twain (aka Samuel Clemens).
History.
Margaret Sanborn resided in Mill Valley, California, north of San Francisco near the Pacific Ocean. She died early in 2005 leaving a son, David R. Sanborn, and a daughter, Catherine.
Margaret Sanborn came to prominence in 1966 with the publication of Robert E. Lee: A Portrait [1807-1861], the first volume of her two volume biography of the Confederate general which won critical acclaim.
In an interview given in 1997 at the Library of Congress, Sanborn relates the story of how she came to be the writer of the final volume in the Rivers of America Series, The American, River of El Dorado. In 2004 Sanborn received a Milley Award for contributions to the arts from the Mill Valley Art Commission.
Partial bibliography.
"Robert E. Lee. A Portrait. [1807-1861]" (Lippincott, Philadelphia, 1966)
"Robert E. Lee: the Complete Man 1861-1870" (Lippincott, Philadelphia, 1967)
"The American: River of El Dorado" (Holt, Rinehart and Winston, New York, 1974)
"The Grand Tetons" (G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York, 1978)
"Yosemite – Its Discovery, Its Wonders & Its People" (Random House, New York, 1981)
"Mark Twain: The Bachelor Years: A Biography" (Doubleday, New York, 1990)

</doc>
<doc id="9758260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758260" title="Kraków Voivodeship (1919–39)">
Kraków Voivodeship (1919–39)

Kraków Voivodeship () - a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1919–1939. Back then, it covered a big chunk of southern part of the country, including such cities as Kraków, Jaworzno and Tarnów. Capital city: Kraków.
Location and area.
In early 1939, Voivodeship's area was 17 560 square kilometers. It was located in southern Poland, bordering Autonomous Silesian Voivodeship to the west, Kielce Voivodeship to the north, Lublin Voivodeship, Lwów Voivodeship to the east and Slovakia to the south. Landscape was hilly in the northern part and mountainous in south, with the Tatra Mountains located in the very south of the area. Forests covered 20.9%, with the national average 22.2% (as for January 1, 1937).
Population.
According to the 1931 Polish census, the population was 2 300 100, with approximately 25% living in towns and cities. Poles were 91.3% of the population, Jews - 5.6% and Ukrainians - 2.5%. The Jews preferred to live in the cities and towns; in 1931 they made 19.2% of Voivodeship's city inhabitants. Illiteracy (in 1931) was 13.7%, lower than the national average of 23.1%. In early 1939, population density of the province was 130 people per sq. kilometer, which was much higher than Poland's average of 83.
Industry.
Kraków Voivodeship was very divided in industrial terms. Its western part, with such cities as Jaworzno, Chrzanów or Trzebinia, was to a large degree industrialized and urbanized, with some coalmines. Also Kraków and Tarnów were big industrial centers. Eastern part, on the other hand, was backward, with little industry and underdeveloped agriculture. In mid-1930s Polish government started a huge public works program, called Centralny Okręg Przemysłowy (COP), which was a great boost to overpopulated and poor central and eastern counties.
The province was unofficially divided into three regions: southern (tourist), western (industrial), and eastern, with its developing industry of the COP. In 1938, the voivodeship was visited by 217,000 tourists. In early 1939, local government began a program of creation of three model tourist villages: Sol in Zywiec County, Tymbark in Limanowa County, and Szymbark in Gorlice County. Furthermore, regulation of the Vistula began in 1938, with levees built along its shores. The road connecting Kraków with Zakopane was to be completed by the end of 1939, after which funds were to be assigned to modernization of the main road from Kraków to Lwow. Due to the outbreak of World War Two, none of the projects were finished.
Cities and administrative divisions.
In 1938, it consisted of 18 powiats (counties). These were as follows:
According to the 1931 census, biggest cities within the Voivodeship's boundaries were:

</doc>
<doc id="9758278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758278" title="KCEZ">
KCEZ

KCEZ is a commercial radio station licensed to Chico, California, broadcasting to the Butte County area on 102.1 FM. KCEZ airs CHR/Rhythmic Contemporary music format branded as "Power 102".

</doc>
<doc id="9758281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758281" title="Second Chance (novel)">
Second Chance (novel)

Second Chance is a novel by Danielle Steel, published by Random House in June 2004. The book is Steel's sixty-third novel.
Synopsis.
Editor-in-chief of a successful fashion magazine, Fiona Monaghan lives a high flying life, flitting between cities following her passion for fashion. Fiona is content to live her life with only her dog, Sir Winston shares her bed until she met John Anderson.
After a world wind romance over several continents, Fiona opens up her heart for John, a widowed father of two young adult daughters. As the two plan their life together, it all begins to unravel disastrously from being hated by John's two daughters to ruining a business dinner with John's biggest client. Just as their love seems to be down and out, a surprise event gives them a second chance.
Footnotes.
http://www.randomhouse.com/features/steel/bookshelf/display.pperl?isbn=9780385336352

</doc>
<doc id="9758289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758289" title="Brantford Smoke">
Brantford Smoke

The Brantford Smoke were a professional ice hockey team in the Colonial Hockey League, later the United Hockey League, now known as the International Hockey League. They played in Brantford, Ontario from 1991-92 (the league's inaugural season) until 1997-98, playing home games at the Brantford Civic Centre. 
They won the Colonial Cup in 1993, beating the St. Thomas Wildcats in a series that included a bench brawl in a game in St. Thomas. In 1998 they moved to Asheville, North Carolina and became the Asheville Smoke. 

</doc>
<doc id="9758306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758306" title="Altan Öymen">
Altan Öymen

Altan Öymen (1932 Trabzon, Turkey) is a Turkish journalist, author and former politician.
Biography.
He graduated from the School of Political Science of Ankara University. He began his journalist career already in 1950 at age of 18, and worked as reporter, columnist and editor-in-chief long time for the major newspapers like "Ulus", "Akşam", "Cumhuriyet" and "Milliyet". He founded the press agency Anka news agency in 1972. In the 1960s, Altan Öymen served as the press attaché in Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany.
He entered politics in 1961 as member of the parliament that was formed after the military coup in Turkey, 1960. He was elected in 1977 as the deputy of Ankara from the Republican People's Party (CHP) to the Turkish Grand National Assembly, and became minister for tourism and public relations in the cabinet of Bülent Ecevit's second government, which lasted only one month in the summer 1977. He was reelected in 1995 as the deputy of Istanbul from the CHP.
Following the resignation of Deniz Baykal from the presidency of CHP, he was elected leader on May 23, 1999. He acted 15 months long at this post, before Deniz Baykal was reelected at the next extraordinary party congress in 2000.
Altan Öymen resumed his journalist career, which he had interrupted during his party leadership, and is currently writing on political issues in his column in the newspaper "Radikal".
In the 1980s and 1990s, he was awarded several times for his journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="9758345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758345" title="Tyland Brunson">
Tyland Brunson

Tyland Brunson (born in Newburgh, New York raised in Albany, New York) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Quebec City Kebekwa. He has formerly played for UMass Lowell, Aalborg Boldspilklub where he started his pro-career, BK SCP Ústí nad Labem and CSM Iaşi. He currently plays in the Iraqi super league for club Al Hilla.

</doc>
<doc id="9758348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758348" title="Greater Bangalore">
Greater Bangalore

Greater Bangalore () is a metropolitan area consisting of the metropolis of Bangalore and its neighbouring regions.
History.
In January 2007, the Karnataka Government issued a notification to merge 100 wards of the erstwhile Bangalore Mahanagara Palike with seven City Municipal Councils (CMC)s, one Town Municipal Council (TMC) and 111 villages around the city to form a single administrative area. The process was completed in April 2007.
On 31 July 2012, the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) council passed a resolution to bring Electronics City within the limits of Greater Bangalore. The resolution will be operational pending state government approval. The addition of Electronics City will increase the area of Greater Bangalore by 440 acres.
Objective of formation.
As per the Notification issued, the formation of Greater Bangalore under BBMP is being done in order to:
(a) Improve and co-ordinate infrastructure development for road and transportation network, water supply and UGD, Solid Waste Management. <br>
(b) Upgrade quality of urban civic services. <br>
(c) Strengthen administrative capacity to ensure better enforcement of various rules/regulations as also better co-ordination in service delivery. <br>
(d) Optimise expenditure on establishment.
Geography.
Greater Bangalore comprises city of Bangalore, the industrial hub of Electronics City, seven City Municipal Councils (CMC)s, one Town Municipal Council (TMC) and 111 villages around the city.
The following are the Corporations and Municipal council areas were merged to form Greater Bangalore:

</doc>
<doc id="9758356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758356" title="Latticework">
Latticework

__NOTOC__
Latticework is a framework consisting of a criss-crossed pattern of strips of building material, typically wood or metal. The design is created by crossing the strips to form a network. 
Latticework can be purely ornamental, or can be used as a truss structure such as a lattice girder bridge.
In India, the house of a rich or noble person may be built with a "baramdah" or verandah surrounding every level leading to the living area. The upper floors often have balconies overlooking the street that are shielded by jalis (latticed screens) carved in stone latticework that keeps the area cool and gives privacy.

</doc>
<doc id="9758361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758361" title="Bibi Baskin">
Bibi Baskin

Olive "Bibi" Baskin is a former television and radio presenter for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). She is "RTÉ's legendary redhead". She has also been a magazine and newspaper writer and journalist.
Baskin left RTÉ in the 1990s, after which she headed to West Sussex, England, where she stayed for five years working on different projects and, while contemplating her next move, decided to write a book. A practitioner and advocate of Ayurvedic healing medicine and therapies, she visited India with a friend, and discovered a property in Kerala, which had been built in 1868 and inhabited for more than a century by the Raheem family, which she turned into a heritage guest house and hotel. Baskin has cited the diversity of Kerala with its different castes and communities, including Hindus, Christians and Jews, unlike her native Ardara, County Donegal, where, as a member of the religious minority, she experienced intense isolation, before attending a boarding school in Dublin. 
Baskin is fluent in Irish and worked as a teacher of the language at the beginning of her career. She served as one of the judges on the 2008 RTÉ television programme, "Fáilte Towers". She is a supporter of Plan Ireland, a national millennium development charity.

</doc>
<doc id="9758366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758366" title="Victor Clemett">
Victor Clemett

Victor Lloyd Clemett (December 10, 1899 – February 21, 2007) was one of the last surviving Canadian veterans of World War I. Clemett served for the Canadian Forestry Corps during World War I. Victor died in Toronto at age 107.

</doc>
<doc id="9758376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758376" title="Thomas Fitzpatrick (London physician)">
Thomas Fitzpatrick (London physician)

Thomas Fitzpatrick, born 1832 in Virginia, County Cavan, Ireland, became a prominent London physician and member of the Royal College of Physicians. He was the son of James and Elizabeth (née Lawler) Fitzpatrick and born in the Headfort Arms Hotel, Virginia where his parents were the proprietors. From a privileged upbringing Thomas was educated at St. Patrick's, Carlow College, a school well noted for turning out many fine Catholic theologians. However his university education at Trinity College, Dublin enabled him to distinguish himself in medicine where he qualified with a BA in 1853, MA in 1854, MB and MD by 1856. During this time Thomas Fitzpatrick also practiced as a doctor in the Co. Cavan village of Mullagh before entering service during 1856 with the British East India Company as an assistant surgeon, an experience which was to leave a lasting impression on him, through his future attitudes towards primitive medicine, magic and religion.
On his return to England, Thomas Fitzpatrick took up a position with St. Bartholomew's Hospital in London and in 1868 he became a member of the Royal College of Physicians. He took up a private practice near Hyde Park, London and was married to Agnes Letitia (née Robinson) in May 1865. Thomas Fitzpatrick died 31 May 1900 aged 68, after which his wife took to publish some of his writings, "Tours and Excursions on the Continent" and established the "Fitzpatrick Lectures", 'a study in the history of medicine' to his memory at the Royal College of Physicians. Agnes died in 1912, aged 90.

</doc>
<doc id="9758378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758378" title="I Dormienti">
I Dormienti

I Dormienti is an ambient installation album from British musician Brian Eno, released in 1999. It is also the title of an art-book by Eno and Italian artist Mimmo Paladino, released in 2000, packaged with a copy of the album and featuring pictures & sketches of the Roundhouse Installation.
Overview.
An Opal release, with no catalogue number, this title is only available from EnoShop.
The music on the album is taken from an "Installation"—a show featuring music and visuals—that took place at the undercroft of the Roundhouse, Chalk Farm Road, Camden, London, from 9 September to 6 October 1999.
The event featured the work of Italian painter, sculptor and set designer Mimmo Paladino, who became established in the early 80's as one of the main exponents of the so-called "Transavanguardia", a form of Neo-expressionism and Lyrical Abstraction. This was the second of his exhibitions; the first did not feature Eno's collaboration.
His exhibition was in the form of drawings and terracota sculptures - about 30 reclining figures with about 20 attendant crocodiles he called "I Dormienti", "The Sleepers". The publicity notice said of it ""In the centre of a labyrinth of tunnels, Paladino will create an installation of primordial life forms that will be accompanied by Eno's unique sound and light production"".
Actually, Eno had nothing to do with the lighting; illumination was provided by the venue's dim emergency lights which imparted a pallor to the sculptures and drawings. The music came from well-concealed speakers and consisted mainly of a three-note "Neroli"-esque sequence, and electronic noise. In his recent Installations at Bonn and Amsterdam, stories spoken very slowly, one or two words at a time, were used in the performance, and here the method was developed further with treated, sampled voices speaking in syllables - an idea which would be used in his next album, Kite Stories.
The material condensed onto the album in a single track consists of ten or so layers of the aforementioned syllables, speech excerpts, the standard Eno treated piano, and various drones and echoes.
The book.
The book was edited by Demetrio Paparoni and published by Alberico Cetti Serbelloni Editore of Milan, in 2000, ISBN 88-88098-00-3. Two editions were printed:
It features a five-colour "pentachrome" printing-process, 250 gram card stock, silk screen printed cloth cover, protective sleeve, monochrome and colour photographs by Peppe Avallone of the Roundhouse exhibition, sketches by Paladino and Eno, a dialogue between the two artists, and the text is in Italian and English. 108 pages, 12 × 12 inches.
The CD is also included, with a different label to the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9758381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758381" title="Abdur Razzaq (Taliban Interior Minister)">
Abdur Razzaq (Taliban Interior Minister)

Mullah Abdur Razzaq Akhundzada, an ethnic Pashtun, is a member of the Taliban leadership as of the early 2000s (decade), and a former Afghan Interior Minister.
Razzaq traveled to Pakistan in mid-May 
2000 to discuss
the extradition of
criminals, terrorism, drug trafficking and the Afghanistan Transit Trade Agreement.
Pakistan demanded the closure of 18 Afghan training camps, where they believed Pakistani militants were receiving training.
The British paper "The Scotsman" reported that Razzaq was 
a founding member of the Taliban; that he headed the Taliban's customs department; and was later Interior Minister.
The May 11, 2003 article said that Razzaq was the number two in 
a then new Taliban military command structure.

</doc>
<doc id="9758384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758384" title="Neolamprologus multifasciatus">
Neolamprologus multifasciatus

Neolamprologus multifasciatus is one of the small shell-dwelling cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika. The male reaches in length, and the female only . This makes them one of the smallest cichlid species in the world. Its natural habitat is the "Neothauma" shell beds of Lake Tanganyika, where it forms huge colonies with thousands of individuals. Their unique behavior is associated with their affinity to shells. They burrow sand to move shells, take refuge in shells and also breed in them. They have pale white coloring with black vertical bars running the length of their bodies. The species is sexually monomorphic, meaning sexing individuals is extremely hard or impossible based on external appearance alone (although size separates them when fully adult).
Aquarium care.
In the aquarium trade "N. multifasciatus" are commonly known as "multies" and are moderately popular. Stores specializing in fish or quality fish stores will at least be aware of shell dwelling fish even if they are not stocked at that time. They are not as popular as larger cichlids but because they are suitable for smaller tanks and due to their prolific nature they still are widely available.
Tank requirements are very similar to other African cichlids, an example is the Mbuna. Unique requirements include a sandy substrate for burrowing and the placement of shells. A tank should have at least one shell per fish, ideally two.
Two other species of fish are similar to "N. multifasciatus"; "N. similis" and "N. brevis". The three species are similar enough that stores normally sell them all under the common name "shellies" or "shell dwellers".

</doc>
<doc id="9758397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758397" title="Gex (video game)">
Gex (video game)

Gex is a platform game originally released for the 3DO in 1994. Versions of the game were later released for the PlayStation, the Sega Saturn and Microsoft Windows. It was a pack-in game for Panasonic models of the 3DO later in the console's life.
It is the first game in the "Gex" series and introduces players to the titular character, a wisecracking gecko named Gex (voiced in this game by comedian Dana Gould). The game is also the only side-scrolling game in the series.
Story.
Gex and his family live in Maui, Hawaii. His mother raised him and his three younger siblings while their father worked for NASA. Gex's hobbies include spending time with his friends, surfing, playing the ukulele, and throwing poi parties. One day, Gex's mother gets a phone call from NASA, explaining that Gex's father and ten human volunteers died when their rocket exploded on the launch pad (according to the manual, the explosion was caused by a Band-Aid floating in one of the fuel tanks).
Soon, the gecko family's carefree life is shattered when Gex bottles up his emotions and takes refuge in front of the television to get over the tragedy, only to become obsessed. Three weeks later, he becomes an addict to TV. After several unsuccessful attempts to get Gex to stop watching TV and consulting with a minister and friends at work, Gex's mother decides it is time for a change. The gecko family moves to Encino, California, Gex's TV is taken away, and he flees from home. After several months of living on the streets, Gex inherits an enormous amount of money, and he moves back to Maui to live in a mansion, and buys the world's largest TV.
While watching TV one day, Gex swallows a passing fly, not knowing it is a sort of miniature transmitter. Moments later, a huge hand shoots out of the screen and grabs Gex by his neck, pulling the young gecko into his own TV. The cold claw belongs to Rez, the overlord of the Media Dimension, who intended to make Gex his new mascot and conquer the world.
Gex traverses through the worlds of the Media Dimension; the Cemetery, New Toonland, Jungle Isle and Kung Fuville. The first world he encounters is an enormous dome, surrounded by four large TVs. Gex then goes through the large TVs, collects the remotes, and defeats the various worlds' guardians in turn: Morphina, the Flatulator, Sun Snake and Toxic Turtle. Gex also collects pieces to another remote, which allow him to travel to the mysterious Planet X. Once Gex manages to collect all the worlds' remotes, the Dome opens and he travels down to Rezopolis, the capital of the Media Dimension.
Once inside, Gex defeats Rez in a head-to-head battle, using one of Rez's own mechanical bugs, Rez transforms into a ball of energy and escapes through a hole in the dome. Gex is then teleported back to his home in Maui, and looks back and his last words in the game are ""Hey, cool. I wonder what's on HBO.""
Gameplay.
In addition to being able to walk, run, and jump through levels, Gex can attach himself to walls and crawl along them using the suction pads on his feet. This technique is sometimes necessary to progress, but can also be used to bypass enemies and hazards.
The objective in almost every level in "Gex" is to explore and find television remotes hidden throughout the levels.
Certain levels require players to find two remotes to access the next world. There are also hidden portals to bonus levels, and completing a bonus level perfectly gives players a piece of the Planet X remote. Though there is a bonus level in each regular level, players need only beat one in each world to reach Planet X, an optional secret world.
On the 3DO original, players must save progress on the system's internal memory. Other versions use a password system instead. To receive a password or gain access to the 3DO's internal memory, the player must find a VHS tape, hidden in the level. The tapes are usually hidden every other level in each world.
Reception.
"Gex" received mixed to mostly positive reviews. Aggregating review website GameRankings gave the 3DO version 79.58%, the PC version 71.00%, the Sega Saturn version 69.35% and the PlayStation version 63.33%.
The game was awarded for "Best 3DO Game of 1995" by Electronic Gaming Monthly. The PlayStation version of the game received a 9.25/10 from Game Informer.

</doc>
<doc id="9758422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758422" title="Symphony No. 14 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 14 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 14 in B-flat major, Perger 52, Sherman 14, MH 41, is believed to have been written in Salzburg in the late 1760s. For some reason Lothar Perger believed it to be the last symphony Michael Haydn ever wrote. This work was at one time attributed to Joseph Haydn, the third work in B-flat major so attributed.
The score is unusual in that it calls for 4 horns instead of the usual 2. In addition to the four horns, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, and strings. It is in three movements:

</doc>
<doc id="9758423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758423" title="Taunus Railway (High Taunus)">
Taunus Railway (High Taunus)

The Taunus Railway in the High Taunus () is a railway route between Frankfurt (Main) Central Station and Brandoberndorf via Bad Homburg, Usingen and Grävenwiesbach.
Overview.
The Taunus Railway is operated as the RMV line 15 by the "Hessische Landesbahn GmbH" (HLB) after the takeover of the "Frankfurt-Königsteiner Eisenbahn AG". It is one of the commuter rail routes operated by the HLB west and north of Frankfurt.
The Taunus Railway railcars run during the peak hours to and from Frankfurt Central Station, otherwise its south terminus station is Bad Homburg, which can also be reached from Frankfurt by the S-Bahn line S5. The trains commute every half-hour on working days and Saturdays, and hourly on Sundays and public holidays.
The rolling stock consists mainly of VT2E-type diesel railcars. In December 2006, ten new LINT 41- diesel multiple unit articulated railcars were added.

</doc>
<doc id="9758438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758438" title="Scouting for Girls">
Scouting for Girls

Scouting for Girls are an English indie rock band. Their name is a play on the title of the 1908 Scouting handbook "Scouting for Boys". The band consists of childhood friends from London, Roy Stride on piano and lead guitar/vocals, Greg Churchouse on bass guitar and Peter Ellard on percussion. Having formed in 2005, they signed to Epic Records in 2007. They released their self-titled debut album that September and it reached number one on the UK Album Chart and went triple Platinum in terms of total sales. A second album "Everybody Wants to Be on TV" was released in April 2010 and peaked at number two in the charts. This was preceded by the single "This Ain't a Love Song", which went to number one on the UK Singles Chart for two weeks. To date, Scouting for Girls have sold over 2 million records and have been nominated for four Brit Awards and one Ivor Novello Award. In September 2012, they released their third studio album, "The Light Between Us", which debuted at number 10 on the UK charts. Their fourth album "Greatest Hits" was released in July 2013, and reached number eight on the UK charts.
History.
Formation.
The founding members had known each other since childhood. Stride and Ellard met in the Cub Scouts and Churchouse met Stride on their first day at school at Queensmead School in South Ruislip in west London. They attended the school until year 13 then moved on towards a music career. At the age of 15 Roy and Greg were playing together at small gigs in west London.
It has been noted that the band was looking for a spirited way of removing themselves from the drudgery of their everyday lives, looking to the whimsy of childhood fantasy through playing a moog organ. Churchouse has observed on several occasions that playing bass is something he wanted to pursue as the bass has "two less strings".
Unsigned and early music: pre-2007.
Whilst in University Stride and Churchouse were in a band called Cape. With Stride swapping from guitar to piano, Scouting for Girls began to do concerts in a room above a pub in Harrow. By the time they were signed they had built up a fanbase - on MySpace and Pulse Rated, a website for unsigned bands. They had also already written a demo of "Heartbeat" and produced a video for "The Aeroplane Song".
Debut album and early singles: 2007-2008.
At the beginning of 2007 Epic Records A&R Nick Raphael received the band's demo CD. So enthusiastic was his response that he immediately phoned up colleague Jo Charrington and said: "These are hits, let's go see the band in rehearsals!" According to Charrington every other record label had passed on them. 
On 14 February 2007, Scouting for Girls were signed to Epic UK (a division of Sony BMG). As the band were signed almost fully formed, with all their songs already written, they headed out to Helioscentric Studios in Rye, East Sussex to begin work on their debut album almost immediately. Produced by Andy Green (Keane, KT Tunstall, The Feeling), the band's first release was the "It's Not About You" EP, released on 25 June 2007. It sold-out, and became the highest charting limited edition EP in chart history. The album was released in September 2007, and has sold in excess of 900,000 copies in the UK alone. It spawned a host of hit singles; "She's So Lovely", "Heartbeat", and "Elvis Ain't Dead".
Scouting for Girls' self-titled album went to #1 in the UK on 20 January 2008, where it remained for two weeks.
The band toured the UK heavily throughout 2007 and 2008, upgrading and selling-out venues in every city they performed. During their first tour of 2008, Roy Stride lost his voice en route to a gig in Birmingham and was diagnosed with laryngitis, forcing the band to reschedule a series of dates on the tour. The rescheduled dates included an extra night in London, with the band-selling out a record four consecutive nights at the Shepherds Bush Empire. The band's final tour of the year concluded with two sold-out nights at London's Hammersmith Apollo, and one at London's Brixton Academy.
Scouting for Girls also made a series of appearances in Europe, Japan, Australia and America in 2008, including performances at 2008's SXSW Conference in Austin, Texas and CMJ in New York City.
"Everybody Wants to Be on TV": 2009-2012.
Scouting for Girls returned to Helioscentric Studios (East Sussex, UK) in 2009 to commence work on their second album with producer Andy Green (who produced the band's eponymous debut album). The album, "Everybody Wants To Be On TV", was released in the UK on 12 April 2010. The first single to be taken from the record was "This Ain't a Love Song" which went straight to number 1 in the UK Singles Chart on 4 April 2010, giving the band 2010's Easter Number 1. The track has been added to radio playlists in Australia, including Sydney Radio Station: Nova 969 FM as at May 2010. 
In the lead up to the album's release, Scouting for Girls performed in the Woolpack Pub on the set of long-running British soap, Emmerdale for a Radio Aire session.
Scouting for Girls toured their new album throughout 2010, commencing with a full UK tour throughout late April and May 2010.
The band also took part in a sponsored Chopper bicycle ride from London to Brighton for the charity WellChild raising over £20,000.
The band released the second single, "Famous", from the album on 12 July 2010. The single peaked at number 37 on the UK Singles Chart, giving the band their sixth Top 40 single overall. In September 2010 the band confirmed "Don't Want To Leave You" would be released as the third single from the album on 10 October 2010. The single is under the name "Silly Song" on the album, but was changed so that it could be found more easily on the internet.
The fourth single from the album is "Take A Chance On Us" and is the official soundtrack of the Dutch movie "Loft". It was released on 10 December.
On 10 July 2011, Scouting for Girls released new single, "Love How It Hurts", as a digital download. 
The band have announced they are releasing a bonus track edition of "Everybody Wants To Be On TV", featuring new tracks "Love How It Hurts", "Naked" and "Somebody New". The album will also feature bonus tracks "New Day", "Famous" – Pete Phantom Club Remix, "She’s So Lovely", "Elvis Ain’t Dead" – Live, "Famous" - Cahill Club Remix. It was originally due for release 18 July 2011, however it was later postponed till later in the year but a new date still has not been announced.
The group performed a set at a musical festival in Hertfordshire named Cazfest on 7 July 2012. Howvever, they were cut short stating on stage this was the fault of the local police. It was later stated by the organisers of Cazfest that it had been a "miscommunication" and thanked police for continued support of the charity event.
"The Light Between Us": 2012.
On 5 March 2012, Scouting for Girls announced via Twitter that they had begun the process of recording their third studio album, The Light Between Us, which includes the tracks 'Snakes and Ladders' and their new single 'Summertime in the City'. The album will also features the songs "Rains in LA" "Without you" "The Light Between Us" and "Snakes and ladders"
The first single from the album to be released is Summertime In The City. It was released on 27 August 2012. It had its first radio airplay on the Fearne Cotton show 10 July 2012, BBC Radio 1. The accompanying video will be directed by Remy Cayuela. The single peaked at number 73 on the UK Official Chart.
The second single Without You from the album failed to enter the top 100.
"The Light Between Us" debuted at number 10 in the official 100 on 9 September 2012, one week after the release of Summertime In The City.
"Greatest Hits": 2013-onwards.
Due to the performance of "The Light Between Us" and its singles, the band pushed forward with their "Greatest Hits" album, releasing it on 29 July 2013 - less than one year after their previous effort. 
To date "Greatest Hits" has outperformed "The Light Between Us", peaking at number 8 in the UK album chart.
In addition to their 'Greatest Hits', the album also features new material. The song "Millionaire" was released on 22 July 2013 and peaked at 52 in the UK singles chart.
Awards.
Scouting for Girls are yet to win any awards, but have been nominated on several occasions for:
The Wolfcubs fan club.
Before the band were signed to Epic Records, they ran their own fanclub, The Wolfcub Club through their MySpace site. The name was a wordplay similar to the band's name, being based on the Dennis the Menace fan club. 
Members of the fanclub were called Wolfcubs, and received a welcome pack put together by the band which include a CD of recent demos, a membership card which allowed discounted entry to their gigs, a regular SFG newsletter (similar to the famous "Scouting For Boys" guide book), and badges. When the band signed their record deal, they carried on producing the membership packs for new fans on the road, until the demand became too high to deal with. However, the Wolfcubs still exist in reference to the band's fans.
Scouting for Girls used regularly remark on the Wolfcubs as the "fourth member" of the band. As of 2010 current touring member Jamie O'Gorman is referred to as the fourth member and the Wolfcubs are now known as the fifth member of the band.
Charity work.
Scouting for Girls are official ambassadors for the children's charity, Wellchild, and also support the Help For Heroes charity. They fundraise for both charities.
Their most notable fundraiser to date was cycling from London to Brighton on children's chopper bikes for WellChild.

</doc>
<doc id="9758445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758445" title="Maximal semilattice quotient">
Maximal semilattice quotient

In abstract algebra, a branch of mathematics, a maximal semilattice quotient is a commutative monoid derived from another commutative monoid by making certain elements equivalent to each other.
Every commutative monoid can be endowed with its "algebraic" preordering ≤ . By definition, "x≤ y" holds, if there exists "z" such that "x+z=y". Further, for "x, y" in "M", let formula_1 hold, if there exists a positive integer "n" such that "x≤ ny", and let formula_2 hold, if formula_1 and formula_4. The binary relation formula_5 is a monoid congruence of "M", and the quotient monoid formula_6 is the "maximal semilattice quotient" of "M".
This terminology can be explained by the fact that the canonical projection "p" from "M" onto formula_6 is universal among all monoid homomorphisms from "M" to a (∨,0)-semilattice, that is, for any (∨,0)-semilattice "S" and any monoid homomorphism "f: M→ S", there exists a unique (∨,0)-homomorphism formula_8 such that "f=gp".
If "M" is a refinement monoid, then formula_6 is a distributive semilattice.
References.
A.H. Clifford and G.B. Preston, The Algebraic Theory of Semigroups. Vol. I. Mathematical Surveys, No. 7, American Mathematical Society, Providence, R.I. 1961. xv+224 p.

</doc>
<doc id="9758451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758451" title="Dawid Nowak">
Dawid Nowak

Dawid Nowak (born November 30, 1984 in Hrubieszów) is a Polish footballer who plays for KS Cracovia.

</doc>
<doc id="9758454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758454" title="Ganso JaJaMaru-kun">
Ganso JaJaMaru-kun


</doc>
<doc id="9758468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758468" title="Avalanche (Captain Scarlet)">
Avalanche (Captain Scarlet)

"Avalanche" is the fifth episode of "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons", a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson. Written by Shane Rimmer and directed by Brian Burgess, it was first broadcast on 27 October 1967 on ATV Midlands. In this episode, the Mysterons kill and reconstruct a maintenance engineer to cripple the Frost Line Outer Space Defence System.
Plot.
The Frost Line Outer Space Defence System is a network of missile complexes stretching 3,000 miles across Northern Canada, tasked with protecting Earth against extraterrestrial threats. After the Mysterons vow to destroy major Frost Line bases, maintenance engineer Eddie is killed when the Mysteron influence engineers the crash of his snowcat, and is reconstructed as an agent in their service. The duplicate of Eddie deceives security at both Red Deer and Cariboo Bases and places devices inside the ventilation systems that render the air unbreathable, killing 250 personnel at Red Deer followed by 70 at Cariboo. General Ward, the belligerent Frost Line commander, warns Spectrum Cloudbase that he will target Mars if other bases are attacked – an action that will undoubtedly trigger a violent response from the Mysterons. A despairing Colonel White (voiced by Donald Gray) orders Captain Scarlet (Francis Matthews) and Lieutenant Green (Cy Grant) to investigate Red Deer; there, the officers discover that the inhabitants have suffocated due not to the introduction of toxic gas into the base's artificial atmosphere, but the removal of all its oxygen.
Requisitioning a Spectrum Pursuit Vehicle from a trapper, Scarlet and Green speed to Big Bear, the next outpost, only to learn that "Eddie" has already departed and that the next and last stop is Frost Line Command Centre. After knocking out an officious sentry barring access to the base, Green extracts the Mysteron agent's oxygen-depletion device from the ventilation system before the air is adversely affected. Meanwhile, Scarlet pursues the reconstruction of Eddie. The snowcat is carrying liquid oxygen, which the duplicate drains onto Scarlet's path to force the SPV off the ridge road. Realising that the duplicate will deliberately crash the vehicle into the Command Centre in a devastating fireball, Scarlet empties his handgun into the snow-covered slope running parallel to the snowcat; this produces an avalanche that pushes the vehicle over the side. Plunging down the rock face, the Mysteron reconstruction is killed in the liquid oxygen explosion. With the Command Centre saved, Ward, no less arrogant than before, radios Cloudbase to make peace with White.
Production.
Impressed by Shane Rimmer's narration on the two-part, syndicated "Thunderbirds" broadcasts in the United States, series co-creators Gerry and Sylvia Anderson decided to commission the actor (who had provided the voice of Scott Tracy) to write an episode for their new production. Rimmer immediately agreed to the offer when telephoned by Sylvia, and received a call from Tony Barwick the next day; the "Captain Scarlet" script editor informed him that a bike courier would "'drop the storyline over to you in about an hour. Take today and tomorrow and see how you'd go about filling it in.'" Resigning from his job at a sheet metal factory to concentrate on the episode, which had already been titled "Avalanche", Rimmer completed a basic treatment over the following 24 hours; he found the characters and plot elements a "heavy mix to juggle with", but managed to incorporate "one or two workable story developments that avoided stepping on the toes of the series concept or any of the main characters." Rimmer and Barwick revised the draft two days later. After several weeks, by which time the "Avalanche" script had been finalised, Rimmer was preparing treatments for the episodes "Expo 2068" and "Inferno" – tasks that, in his words, "took care of '67".
The script opened with a detailed description of the Frost Line Command Centre, which is stated to comprise several domed structures: "Deep snow surrounds the plexiglas domes ... From the large central dome acting as a hub, avenues run off in eight directions. At the end of each spoke at varying distances from the centre are smaller domes. Each dome is airtight and serviced by an artificial atmosphere from an air-conditioning dome." The snowcat driven by Eddie was designed by Mike Trim, who had had an interest in the vehicles since childhood and adapted a caterpillar-track truck concept that he had produced for the "Thunderbirds" episode "End of the Road". His creativity was limited by a requirement that the cab of the scale filming model reflect the construction of that used on the larger puppet set, "which gave the final model a more upright look than I had hoped for."
An orchestra of 15 instrumentalists, under the direction of series composer Barry Gray, recorded the incidental music for "Avalanche" on 11 June 1967 in a four-hour session at Gray's private studio. Music for "Spectrum Strikes Back", the episode that directly preceded "Avalanche" in the series' order of production, originated from the same session. The principal tracks for "Avalanche" are "Mountain Pass" (which plays during the scene leading up to the death of the human Eddie) and "Deadly Mist and Mountain Chase" (which accompanies Scarlet's pursuit of the Mysteron duplicate towards the episode's conclusion).
Reception.
James Stansfield of the entertainment website Den of Geek judges "Avalanche" to be the seventh best "Captain Scarlet" episode. He observes that it is one of several instalments to incorporate a theme concerning the imperfection of humanity, whose "flaws and ineptitude of a bigger danger than the Mysterons'". He comments that the "impatient" General Ward effectively constitutes Spectrum's secondary antagonist. Geoff Willmetts of Sfcrowsnest offers a similar view of Ward's threat of unilateral action, suggesting that "Captain Scarlet" exposes the militaristic and belligerent aspects of mankind: "This Earth's reality is clearly far too aggressive compared to our own". Reviewing the episode for "FAB" magazine in 1993, Ian Fryer praised Rimmer for "cleverly" introducing, in the shape of Ward, "a second layer of military as a repository for misgivings about the armed services."
"Avalanche" marks one of a limited number of occasions in the series when Lieutenant Green plays a major part in a Spectrum operation (substituting for Captain Blue, who assumes Green's role as Cloudbase communications officer). Rimmer's use of the character of Green is praised by Stansfield, as well as Chris Drake and Graeme Bassett. Stansfield compliments the "exciting" climax involving the pursuit of the reconstructed Eddie's snowcat; Chris Bentley, writer of "The Complete Gerry Anderson: The Authorised Episode Guide", suggests that not all of Rimmer's introductory descriptions were transferred fully from script to final edit.
Fryer argues that the number of deaths seen or reported in "Avalanche" (321, not including the demise of the human Eddie) "must surely be a record for an Anderson series", pointing out that despite the high total, the episode received a U certificate from the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC). Stansfield, who comments on the violence of the original Eddie's death, argues that the figure is "easily ... the highest body count of the series" and "a pretty large number for any TV show, let alone one for youngsters".

</doc>
<doc id="9758487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758487" title="United States Air Force Special Operations School">
United States Air Force Special Operations School

The United States Air Force Special Operations School (USAFSOS) is a squadron under the Air Force Special Operations Air Warfare Center (AFSOAWC), which falls under the Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC). AFSOC is the Air Force component of the United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM).
USAFSOS provides education to turn skilled Airmen into special operators. The school provides specialized education to meet the unique requirements of AFSOC Airmen, special operations forces (SOF) aviators, and joint/interagency partners. USAFSOS builds on the functional training conducted by other agencies like the USAF Air Education and Training Command and USSOCOM Service component training schools: Naval Special Warfare Command's Special Warfare Center and U.S. Army Special Operations Command's John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Center and School.
History.
The U.S. Air Force Special Air Warfare School was activated at Hurlburt Field in April 1967 under the Special Air Warfare Center, then located at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. The school was redesignated the U.S. Air Force Special Operations School in 1968. The School’s initial course was the Special Air Warfare Indoctrination Course designed to prepare Air Force personnel for duty in Southeast Asia. Since then, the curriculum has changed continuously to meet the emerging educational needs of special operations warriors as they respond to complex world situations.
Personnel and resources.
USAFSOS is a "de facto" joint school, due to heavy joint/civilian attendance and the joint nature of subjects taught. The staff and faculty are Air Force officers and enlisted personnel, AF Reserve individual mobilization augmentees, AF civilians and contractors.
Curriculum.
The USAFSOS curriculum is directed by the AFSOC Commander to meet USSOCOM validated educational requirements. USAFSOS follows the USAF Instructional Systems Development model for course design and delivery.
Currently, courses are focused in one of four areas: asymmetric warfare education, regional and cultural awareness, SOF professional development and joint operations.
Asymmetric warfare courses educate SOF personnel on adversarial threats and operational and technological countermeasures available for consideration. Asymmetric warfare courses include crisis response, information operations, psychological warfare, force protection, unconventional warfare, international terrorism and space operations.
Regional and cultural awareness courses are geared to SOF areas of responsibility and trace their roots to the very first course taught at USAFSOS. The purpose of these courses is to orient the SOF warrior to the cultural, historical, political, economic and security issues of a particular region.
Career development and maturation of officer and enlisted personnel is the primary focus of SOF professional development. Courses in professional development include an introduction to special operations, staff orientation, professional military education and command preparation.
The joint operations courses educate SOF personnel in the areas of SOF doctrine, command and control, mission planning, battle management and civil-military operations.
As USAFSOS expands to meet an increasing demand for "thinking warriors," the number of off-station courses (both formal courses and courses tailored to unit needs) has increased. USAFSOS is increasing its use of distance-learning technologies to expand course availability. Video tele-instruction and web-based courses are becoming increasingly important in reaching USAFSOS’ students.
Most courses use expert guest speakers to ensure the most timely and relevant information is provided to the students. Over 700 such guest speakers, including former ambassadors, distinguished academicians, and active duty and retired flag-rank officers, support USAFSOS.
USAFSOS attendance.
Course offerings are determined by AFSOC requirements. For many courses, open seats are available on a first-come, first-serve basis. Students are responsible for ensuring security clearance requirements are met before attending courses.
There are no tuition charges for U.S. personnel attending USAFSOS courses. The owning unit funds student attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="9758489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758489" title="1.5 µm process">
1.5 µm process

The 1.5 µm process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached around 1982 timeframe by the leading semiconductor companies, like Intel and IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9758491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758491" title="Bishop Conaty-Our Lady of Loretto High School">
Bishop Conaty-Our Lady of Loretto High School

Bishop Conaty-Our Lady of Loretto High School is a Catholic, archdiocesan, all-female high school located in the Harvard Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
History.
Bishop Conaty-Our Lady of Loretto High School was formed in 1989 from the merger of Our Lady of Loretto High School, named in honor of the Basilica della Santa Casa, and Bishop Conaty Memorial High School. Bishop Conaty was the Bishop of the Diocese of Monterey-Los Angeles from 1903 to 1915. Bishop Conaty Memorial High School was opened in September, 1923.
The school is located at 2900 West Pico Blvd., Los Angeles, California.
The Holy House of Loreto is located in the town of Loreto, Italy. It houses the black Madonna and Child. Its color comes from the Lebanon cedar tree. Locally the Madonna is of Caucasian persuasion.
Our Lady of Loretto High School opened in September, 1949 as an all-female Catholic high school at 241 North Lake Street, Los Angeles. It was opened during the episcopate of Cardinal James Francis Mclntyre. 1974 marked its 25th Jubilee Year for Loretto High and its Panthers, the school's mascot. The yearbook features Loretto's History, Alumnae and present year of the 1974 school year. Due to the connection with Loretto Catholic Church, pictures of the old Gothic Church and present Church are also seen. 
From 1989 to 1994, the school was known as Our Lady of Loretto-Bishop Conaty High School, with the name change occurring in July, 1994.
The school is within walking distance from Loyola High School, a Jesuit all-boys Catholic High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9758497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758497" title="Jalal Merhi">
Jalal Merhi

Jalal Merhi (born in Brazil) is a Canadian action film producer who was born in Brazil to immigrant parents. He started his film career by selling his jewellery business to start a film production company. He has produced and acted in numerous action films that can be considered martial arts B movies. Because of this he is known as “Beirut’s Steven Seagal.”
Merhi first started Shotokan style of karate as youth later moving to tiger style Kung fu. He has sifu rank in kung fu and owns his own school in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9758502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758502" title="Simple Soap Binding Profile">
Simple Soap Binding Profile

Simple Soap Binding Profile (official abbreviation is SSBP) is a specification from the Web Services Interoperability industry consortium. It is intended as a support profile for the WS-I Basic Profile.
This profile defines the way WSDL (Web Services Description Language) documents are to bind operations to a specific transport protocol SOAP.
The Basic Profile 1.0 included the content and function of the Simple Soap Binding Profile. In other words, the Basic Profile 1.0 is roughly equivalent to the Basic Profile 1.1 plus the Simple Soap Binding Profile 1.0. 
Now that the Simple Soap Binding Profile is a separate profile, other WS-I documents can re-use (reference) it.

</doc>
<doc id="9758510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758510" title="SC Herisau">
SC Herisau

SC Herisau is a Swiss ice hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="9758511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758511" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 59">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 59

United Nations Security Council Resolution 59, adopted on October 19, 1948, concern that the Provisional government of Israel had yet to submit a report to the Council regarding the progress of the investigation into the assassinations of United Nations Mediator Count Folke Bernadotte and Observer Colonel Andre Serot the Council requested the Israeli Government submit an account of the progress made in the investigation and to indicate therein the measures take with regard to negligence on the part of officials or other factors affecting the crime. 
The Resolution reminded the Governments and authorities concerned of their obligations to live up to the goals and responsibilities established in United Nations Security Council Resolution 54 and United Nations Security Council Resolution 56. The Council charged the Governments and authorities to allow accredited UN observers ready access to all places where their duties might require them to go, to simplify the procedures on UN aircraft then in effect, to co-operate fully with the truce supervision personnel, to implement instructions to the commanders in the field all agreements entered into through the offices of the Mediator and to take reasonable measures to ensure the safety of all truce supervision personnel and their equipment. 
The President of the Council announced the resolution had passed in the absence of any objection.

</doc>
<doc id="9758515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758515" title="A Walk In Your Shoes">
A Walk In Your Shoes

A Walk In Your Shoes was a children's reality television series that aired on Noggin (then later on The N when Noggin shifted fully to preschooler-targeted programming) which followed what happens when two different people switch places for the day and learn how the other person lives.
Some of the switches included:

</doc>
<doc id="9758537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758537" title="Mark Wegner">
Mark Wegner

Mark Patrick Wegner (born March 4, 1972) is a Major League Baseball umpire. He worked in the National League from 1998 to 1999, and throughout both major leagues since 2000.
Umpiring career.
Wegner has umpired in seven Division Series (2003, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013), as well as the 2007 National League Championship Series, the 2008 All-Star Game and the 2013 World Series. Wegner wears uniform number 14. He is a member of crew M, along with Andy Fletcher, Mike Muchlinski and crew chief Mike Winters.
Controversy.
On June 2, 2007, Wegner was involved in a heated argument with Chicago Cubs manager Lou Piniella. After Wegner ruled that Ángel Pagán was out at third on an attempted steal, Piniella, who later acknowledged the call was right, stormed out of the dugout, throwing his hat and kicking dirt on Wegner. Piniella would be ejected and given a four-game suspension and he later apologized to Wegner.
In 2012, following Wegner's ejection of Chicago White Sox rookie pitcher José Quintana for throwing a pitch behind Ben Zobrist and White Sox manager Robin Ventura’s ejection for arguing the call, Chicago announcer Ken "Hawk" Harrelson lashed out Wegner on the air, saying: "I'll tell you what, they have got to start making guys be accountable. That is totally absurd. Here's an umpire in the American League that knows nothing about the game of baseball. They have got to do something about this. They have got some guys in this league that have no business umpiring. They have no business umpiring because they don't know what the game of baseball is about."
Notable games.
On June 28, 2007, Wegner was behind the plate when Toronto Blue Jay Frank Thomas hit his 500th career home run off Minnesota Twins pitcher Carlos Silva. Later in the game, Thomas was ejected by Wegner for arguing balls and strikes. Toronto manager John Gibbons was thrown out of the game as well.
Wegner worked his first career no-hitter on July 13, 2013, calling balls and strikes for Tim Lincecum's 148-pitch gem against the San Diego Padres. Replays indicate Wegner called Lincecum to the tune of 97.9% accuracy, missing just two pitches.
Personal.
A Catholic known for his charity work, Wegner has been involved in church activities and BLUE for kids, a charity founded by fellow MLB umpires Mike DiMuro and Marvin Hudson.
At 5'8" tall, Wegner and Jerry Meals are the shortest umpires in Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="9758546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758546" title="Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo">
Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo

Established in 1890, the Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo Group of Companies, named after its founder, is among the oldest pan-Persian Gulf conglomerate with commercial enterprise activities in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, Yemen and Qatar.
History.
The Kanoo's beginning as traders in Bahrain, which at the time was a British protectorate, the Kanoo family expanded into shipping, sending different branches of the family to establish themselves - eventually becoming citizens - in the UAE, Oman and Saudi Arabia. Today, the Kanoo Group activities in each of the countries is managed by the local family wing, though they all remain under the ultimate control and ownership of the Bahrain based Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo Holdings.
The company grew during the 1970s oil boom from a trading and shipping business into one of the most diversified companies in the region, involved in travel, holidays, machinery, oil & gas, power and industrial projects, exhibition services, logistics, and other retail and commercial activities.
In May 2011, Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo was awarded the Outstanding Sales Achievement Award for 2010’ by Korean Air.
About Kanoo Group.
Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo W.L.L is one of the largest & oldest independent, family owned group of companies in the Persian Gulf region. Established in 1890 by Haji Yusuf Bin Ahmed Bin Kanoo, the group grew from its early trading and shipping business to become one of the most diversified and highly regarded business houses in the Persian Gulf region and beyond.
The Kanoo Group is a diversified business conglomerate with business activities across the world's most dynamic industries from Shipping, Travel, Holidays, Machinery, Oil & Gas, Power & Industrial Projects to Exhibition services, Courier Services, Logistics, Specialty Chemicals, Business Centers and other retail & commercial activities. It operates the largest travel and leisure company in the Middle East.
In addition, The Kanoo Group has a history in forming joint ventures with companies serving the service and industrial sectors such as AXA Insurance, Mearsk, BASF, Johnson Arabia, Akzo Nobel, Freightworks, Larsen & Toubro to name a few.
Major divisions of YBA Kanoo:
YBA Kanoo Operates in:

</doc>
<doc id="9758548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758548" title="3 µm process">
3 µm process

The 3 µm process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached around 1975 timeframe by the leading semiconductor companies, like Intel.

</doc>
<doc id="9758574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758574" title="Principal direction">
Principal direction

A principal direction can be one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9758579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758579" title="10 µm process">
10 µm process

The 10 µm process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached around 1971–1972 timeframe by the leading semiconductor companies, like Intel.

</doc>
<doc id="9758611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758611" title="Koti Lingala">
Koti Lingala

Kotilingala in Karimnagar was the capital of Assakajanapada, considered one of the 16 great janapadas of early India. It is located on the bank of the Godavari River, and has a traditional Shiva temple for Hindus, the Sundareshwara Swamy Temple.
There were transportation facilities to the towns located on river Godavari bank such as Bhadrachalam.

</doc>
<doc id="9758612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758612" title="Journal of Intellectual Property Law &amp; Practice">
Journal of Intellectual Property Law &amp; Practice

The Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (print: , online: , ) is a monthly peer-reviewed law journal covering intellectual property law and practice, published by the Oxford University Press. The journal has been published since November 2005. The editor is Jeremy Phillips (Queen Mary Intellectual Property Research Institute).

</doc>
<doc id="9758615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758615" title="Red-bearded bee-eater">
Red-bearded bee-eater

The Red-bearded Bee-eater ("Nyctyornis amictus") is a large species of bee-eater found in the Indo-Malayan subregion of South-east Asia. This species is found in openings in patches of dense forest.
Like other bee-eaters, they are colourful birds with long tails, long decurved beaks and pointed wings. They are large bee-eaters, predominantly green, with a red colouration to face that extends on to the slightly hanging throat feathers to form the “beard”.
Like other bee-eaters, they predominantly eat insects, especially bees, wasps and hornets, which are caught in flight from perches concealed in foliage. They hunt alone or in pairs, rather than in flocks, and sit motionless for long periods before pursuing their prey.
Like other bee-eaters, they nest in burrows tunnelled into the side of sandy banks, but do not form colonies.

</doc>
<doc id="9758631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758631" title="Step climb">
Step climb

A step climb in aviation is a series of altitude gains that improve fuel economy by moving into thinner air as an aircraft becomes lighter and becomes capable of faster, more economical flight.
Description.
Since the early days of jet aircraft and commercial travel, the technique of gradually climbing in cruise altitude as fuel burns off and the aircraft becomes lighter has been widely used by pilots. The altitude that provides the most fuel-efficient cruise at the start of a long flight, when the aircraft is fully loaded with fuel, is not the same as the altitude that provides the best efficiency at the end of the flight, when most of the fuel aboard has been burned. This latter altitude is usually significantly higher than the former. By climbing gradually throughout the cruise phase of a flight, pilots can make the most economical use of their fuel.
Originally, a simple "cruise climb" was used by pilots. This amounted to a simple, continuous, very gradual climb from an initial cruise altitude to a final cruise altitude, and made the most efficient use of fuel. However, with increasing air traffic and the assignment of distinct flight levels to specific flights, airways, and directions of flight, it is no longer safe to climb continuously in this way, and so most flights compromise by climbing in distinct steps—a "step climb"—with ATC approval, in order to ensure that the aircraft is always at an appropriate altitude for traffic control. While not quite as efficient as a continuous cruise climb, step climbs are still more efficient than maintaining a single altitude throughout a flight. The step climb intervals may be 1000, 2000, or 4000 feet, depending on the flight level rules which apply on the particular airway being flown.
Where traffic is not an issue, cruise climbs may still be used. The Concorde, for example, used a continuous cruise climb throughout its flights, since there was normally never any other traffic at the same altitude (nearly 60,000 feet) in the same direction.
In most modern commercial airliners, computers such as flight management systems (FMS) calculate and/or execute the proper steps in a step climb, in order to maximize the efficiency realized by the technique.
Step and cruise climbs are not normally applicable to lower-flying aircraft propelled by conventional piston engines with propellers or turboprops, since their performance characteristics may be very different from those of turbofan or jet engined aircraft. In fact, the most efficient altitude for a small general aviation aircraft may be only a few thousand feet above the ground, and increasing altitude may diminish efficiency rather than improve it.
Informal step climbs.
Some pilots use "rules of thumb" for determining when to perform a step climb. These "rules" do not consider the effects of different winds at different levels; computerised flight planning systems may be better at height optimisation, and may even include 'step descents' in certain weather conditions. Two of the information rules used by some pilots are:

</doc>
<doc id="9758661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758661" title="The Oxburgh Chalice">
The Oxburgh Chalice

The Oxburgh Chalice is preserved by the church authorities in the parish of Templeport in Co. Cavan, Ireland. It bears the date 1665 and is inscribed in Latin with the following inscription (in translation):
"Pray for the soul of Heward Oxburgh and Clare Oxburgh alias Coghlan who had this made in 1665."
History.
Heward Oxburgh was High Sheriff of Offaly (Kings County) and represented the county in the Patriot Parliament which was summoned by King James II in 1689. The Oxburghs were strong supporters of James II and several officers of the family fought at Derry, Aughrim and the Boyne. Colonel Heward Oxburgh was killed at the Battle of Aughrim on 12 July 1691 . After the Williamite War the Oxburgh estates were confiscated. Clare Oxburgh made a claim on her late husband’s property and this helps to establish the donors of the chalice. She belonged to the Coghlan family who also had estates in Offaly and whose lands were confiscated by William of Orange. 
A synod of the Irish church was held in Baunbuidhe (Bawnboy) in the parish of Templeport at Pentecost 1669, four years after the Oxburgh Chalice was made. Tradition says that the chalice had been in the possession of a friar named O’Coghlan who attended the synod as a representative of a northern Franciscan friary and that this is how the chalice came to Bawnboy.
The base of the chalice shows Christ crucified, with a ladder on either side of the cross. There are figures of two animals and a bird that resembles a pelican with its young on its back, being fed with the mother’s flesh and blood, a symbol for the Eucharist.
The chalice is only used on rare occasions, most recently during the funeral service for historian and teacher Chris Maguire in February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9758675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758675" title="Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain">
Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain

"Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" is a song written by songwriter Fred Rose. Originally performed by Roy Acuff, the song was later recorded by Willie Nelson as part of his 1975 album "Red Headed Stranger". Both the song and album would become iconic in country music history, and jump start Nelson's success as a singer and recording artist. (He had thus far been primarily successful as a songwriter for other artists.)
Song history.
Originally recorded in 1945 by Acuff, "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" was recorded by Hank Williams in 1951 for the Mother's Best Flour Hour. Other early remakes of the song were made by Donn Reynolds (MGM single - June 1957), Ferlin Husky (album "Ferlin's Favorites" - November 1959), Slim Whitman (album "Country Favorites" - 1959), Gene Vincent (recorded October 15 1958/ album "Crazy Times!" -1960), Bill Anderson (album"...Sings Counrty Heart Songs" - January 15 1962), John D. Loudermilk (album "Country Love Songs Plain and Simply Sung
Country Love Songs Plain and Simply Sung" - August 1968), and Conway Twitty (album "Hello Darlin' " - June 1970).
The version by Willie Nelson, recorded for his 1975 concept album, "Red Headed Stranger", about a fugitive preacher on the run from the law after killing his wife, was lauded by country music historian Bill Malone as "a fine example of clean, uncluttered country music, a spare arrangement that could have come straight out of the 1940s." "Rolling Stone" noted the song was delivered with his "jazz-style phrasing" and was "the beating heart of "Red Headed Stranger"."
Chart success and legacy.
Prior to the success of "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain," Nelson had enjoyed widespread success primarily as a songwriter, with such songs as "Crazy" (Patsy Cline) and "Hello Walls" (Faron Young). As a performer, meanwhile, Nelson had hit the Top 10 of the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Singles chart just twice; it had happened in 1962, once as a solo artist ("Touch Me") and again as part of a duet with Shirley Collie ("Willingly"). Thereafter, Nelson had approached the Top 20 on occasion, but went 13 years without a Top 10 hit.
In October 1975, the song became Nelson's first No. 1 hit as a singer, and at year's end was the third-biggest song of 1975 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. In addition, the song gained modest airplay on Top 40 radio, reaching number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100.
In 2004, "Rolling Stone" ranked "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" #302 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Later versions.
Elvis Presley finally recorded "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" (having sung it privately with friends and family for years while accompanying himself on piano) in the Jungle Room at Graceland on 7 February 1976.
This was the last known song that Elvis Presley sang (at the piano in the rest area of his Racquetball Court located to the rear of Graceland) before his death on August 16, 1977.
The song has also been recorded by Olivia Newton-John (album "Come On Over" - March 1976), Jim Nabors (album "Town & Country" - 1976), Billy "Crash" Craddock (album "Billy "Crash" Craddock" - December 15 1977), The Reivers (album "Translate Slowly", recorded as Zeitgeist, 1985), Charley Pride (album "Back to the Country" - 1986), Roger Whittaker (album "I'd Fall in Love Tonight" - 1989), Foster & Allen (album "I Will Love You All My Life" - August 5 1997), Glenn Yarbrough (album "All Time Favorites" - September 9 1997), Eva Cassidy (album "Somewhere" - August 26 2008), and UB40 (album "Getting Over the Storm" - September 2 2013). The Czech rendering "Pláčou tvoje modré oči" was recorded by Věra Martinová (cs) in 1985.
South African singer Ray Dylan recorded a cover on his album "Goeie Ou Country - Op Aanvraag". 
UB40 recorded a reggae version on their album "Getting Over the Storm" in 2013. It reached number one on the charts in Aruba. 

</doc>
<doc id="9758677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758677" title="Treaty of El Pardo (1761)">
Treaty of El Pardo (1761)

The Treaty of El Pardo was signed on February 12, 1761 between representatives of the Spanish Empire and the Portuguese Empire. 
Based on the terms of the treaty, all aspects of the Treaty of Madrid were repealed. The reasons for this were the difficulties encountered in the 1750s to establish a clear border between the Spanish and Portuguese new South American possessions in such an enormous undeveloped area.
After both the Guarani War of 1756 and the accession to the throne of King Charles III of Spain in 1759, the Spanish king had decided that a general revision of the treaties made with Portugal was necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="9758689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758689" title="Ron Foxcroft">
Ron Foxcroft

Ron Foxcroft (born November 5, 1945) is a Canadian businessman and former basketball referee. He is the Chairman, Founder & CEO of Fox 40 International, a company best known for manufacturing whistles, and CEO & Chairman of the Fluke Transportation Group, a transportation, warehousing and distribution specialist. Both companies are headquartered in Foxcroft's hometown of Hamilton, Ontario.
Foxcroft bought the Fluke Transportation Group and built it from 3 trucks to 176 trucks, 475 trailers and 1.3 million square feet of warehousing. Fluke has the well-known slogan “IF IT’S ON TIME… IT’S A FLUKE.” While working at Fluke, Foxcroft also worked as a NCAA basketball referee. Foxcroft is Canada’s only NCAA referee. He has also officiated over 1600 international games in 30 countries.
Foxcroft often became frustrated with the traditional design of referees' whistles, which features a "pea" (cork ball) inside that is prone to jamming, thereby preventing the whistle from producing sound. He was inspired to create a "pealess" whistle following incidents in international games including the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1984 pre-Olympics game in São Paulo, in which Foxcroft witnessed an obvious foul but he could not stop play as his whistle was rendered useless by a jammed pea; play continued and the referees were booed by spectators. Foxcroft collaborated with an Ontario design consultant, Chuck Shepherd, to design a pealess whistle; they established Fox 40 International in 1987, and the company's whistles were first used at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis. Throughout the 1990s, Fox 40 whistles became the standard whistle for referees and officials in numerous major professional sports leagues including the NFL, CFL, NHL, NCAA and NBA; it has also been adopted as a standard by numerous public safety agencies around the world. Today, Fox 40 International dominates the whistle industry with thousands of whistles produced each day in Canada.
Foxcroft has received many awards; he received an Honorary Doctorate from McMaster University, was named Hamilton Distinguished Citizen of the Year, and was inducted into the Hamilton Gallery of Distinction, recipient of the Queen’s Jubilee Medal. He was named by Profit Magazine as one of the 10 top Canadian entrepreneurs of the decade and inducted into the Burlington Entrepreneur Hall of Fame, the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame, and the Hamilton Sports Hall of Fame. Foxcroft is also the Honorary Colonel of the Argyll & Sutherland Regiment.
Today, Foxcroft remains CEO of both Fluke Transportation and Fox 40 International Inc. He is also employed by the NBA to evaluate the performance of their referees. Foxcroft also works as a motivational speaker and supports charitable causes.

</doc>
<doc id="9758699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758699" title="ZJ theorem">
ZJ theorem

In mathematics, George Glauberman's ZJ theorem states that if a finite group "G" is "p"-constrained and "p"-stable and has a normal "p"-subgroup for some odd prime "p", then "O""p"′("G")"Z"("J"("S")) is a normal subgroup of "G", for any Sylow "p"-subgroup "S".

</doc>
<doc id="9758712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758712" title="Holly Horton">
Holly Horton

Holly Horton (born November 10, 1975 in Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian sportscaster who worked for TSN from July 16, 2004 to October 30, 2011, with a few freelance appearances in November and December, 2011. She co-hosted "SportsCentre" at the 11 PM and 2 AM broadcast on weekends along with Bryan Mudryk. Horton was on maternity leave from late 2009, forcing her to give up her Vancouver Olympics assignment; her SportsCentre responsibilities were taken over by Kate Beirness during this time.
Prior to TSN, Horton was the sports director and anchor for Global Lethbridge between 2002 and 2004 and an earlier stint there from 2000 and 2001. She has also worked at Global Toronto and A-Channel Edmonton.
Horton graduated from Ryerson University from the Radio and Television Arts program and from University of Western Ontario with a psychology degree.
Horton attended Woburn Collegiate Institute in Scarborough.

</doc>
<doc id="9758720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758720" title="Sacred Heart High School (California)">
Sacred Heart High School (California)

Sacred Heart High School is a Roman Catholic high school for girls in the Lincoln Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles, the school was founded by the Dominican Sisters of Mission San Jose in 1907.
History.
Sacred Heart Academy was founded in 1907, one of the first girls' high schools founded in the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. The Dominican Sisters of Mission San Jose had already established an elementary school in 1890 when they were asked to open a high school. The De La Salle Brothers taught the younger boys until 1925 when Cathedral High School was opened. In 1949 Sacred Heart Academy became Sacred Heart High School and was placed under the jurisdiction of the Sacred Heart Parish. In 1979 it became an Archdiocesan school.

</doc>
<doc id="9758723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758723" title="Mitochondrial toxicity">
Mitochondrial toxicity

Mitochondrial toxicity is a condition in which the mitochondria of a body's cells become damaged or decline significantly in number; it occurs as a side effect of certain antiretroviral drugs used to treat human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV.
Causes.
While the exact causes of mitochondrial toxicity are not known, research has shown that a certain group of anti-viral drugs used to treat HIV, specifically nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs), interfere with an enzyme needed in the production of mitochondria.
Symptoms.
The disruption of cell function that accompanies the condition can cause both mild and severe problems in people suffering from mitochondrial toxicity. The most commonly observed symptom is muscle weakness, or myopathy. Others include peripheral neuropathy (numbness in the fingers and toes) and pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas), with the most severe being lactic acidosis, in which a build-up of lactic acid in the tissues of the body leads to loss of energy, organ failure, and eventually death.

</doc>
<doc id="9758744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758744" title="Dallol (volcano)">
Dallol (volcano)

Dallol is a volcanic explosion crater (or maar) in the Danakil Depression, northeast of the Erta Ale Range in Ethiopia. It has been formed by the intrusion of basaltic magma in Miocene salt deposits and subsequent hydrothermal activity. Phreatic eruptions took place here in 1926, forming Dallol Volcano, numerous other eruption craters dot the salt flats nearby. These craters are the lowest known subaerial volcanic vents in the world, at over 45 m (150 ft) below sea level.
Numerous hot springs are discharging brine and acidic liquid here. Widespread are small, temporary geysers which are forming cones of salt.
The term "Dallol" was coined by the Afar people and means dissolution or disintegration describing a landscape made up of green acid ponds (pH-values less than 1) iron oxide, sulfur and salt desert plains. The area resembles the hot springs areas of Yellowstone Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9758780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758780" title="Drag crisis">
Drag crisis

In fluid dynamics, drag crisis is a phenomenon in which drag coefficient drops off suddenly as Reynolds number increases. This has been well studied for round bodies like spheres and cylinders. The drag coefficient of a sphere will change rapidly from about 0.5 to 0.2 at a Reynolds number in the range of 300000. This corresponds to the point where the flow pattern changes, leaving a narrower turbulent wake. The behaviour is highly dependent on small differences in the condition of the surface of the sphere.

</doc>
<doc id="9758786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758786" title="Westland Wallace">
Westland Wallace

The Westland Wallace was a British two-seat, general-purpose biplane of the Royal Air Force, developed by Westland as a follow-on to their successful Wapiti. As the last of the inter-war general purpose biplanes, it was used by a number of front line and Auxiliary Air Force Squadrons. Although the pace of aeronautical development caused its rapid replacement in front line service, its useful life was extended into the Second World War with many being converted into target tugs and wireless trainers. In 1933 a Westland Wallace became the first aircraft to fly over Mount Everest, as part of the Houston Mount Everest Expedition.
Design and development.
In 1931, Westland produced the PV-6, a private-venture development of its successful Wapiti. This updated aircraft embodied a number of improvements including a lengthened fuselage, brakes and wheel spats on the undercarriage and a new engine. By this time both the appearance and performance differed considerably from the standard Wapiti, so the company designated it the "PV6 Wallace." Compared with the earlier Wapiti, the Wallace was 20 inches (0.5 m) longer, incorporated an improved undercarriage and was powered by a 655 hp (488 kW) Bristol Pegasus IV engine. The first batches of MK I Wallaces were conversions of Wapitis, a total of 68 powered by 570 bhp (425 kW) Pegasus IIM3 engines.
Westland designed an improved version, the Mk II which fitted with a more powerful engine and the then-novel idea of an enclosed canopy over both crew positions. This offered greater comfort for the crew and improved the rear gunner's aim by protecting him from the slipstream. Three Wallace Is ("K4346"-"K4348") were later converted to Mk II standards, including fitting the closed canopy.
Operational history.
The original PV-6 prototype, registered "G-ACBR" (and also known as the Houston-Wallace) along with Westland PV-3 "G-ACAZ", was part of the Houston Everest Expedition, named after Lucy, Lady Houston the patron, an attempt to fly over Mount Everest. Both aircraft received modifications that included fitting heating and oxygen equipment, fully enclosing the rear cockpits and using highly supercharged Bristol Pegasus IS 3 engines. Flown by Flight Lieutenant D.F. McIntyre, the two aircraft became the first to fly over Mount Everest on 3 April 1933.
Most of the Wallaces served with the Auxiliary Air Force: 501, 502, 503 and 504 squadrons beginning with the converted Wapitis early in 1933. Others operated with the Anti-Aircraft Co-operation Flight at RAF Biggin Hill. The last Wallace was completed in October 1936.
When withdrawn from the general purpose role, many Wallaces were converted into target tugs. A total of 83 Wallaces remained in service at the beginning of the Second World War. The last were withdrawn in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="9758804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758804" title="Charles &quot;Don Carlos&quot; Percy">
Charles &quot;Don Carlos&quot; Percy

Charles "Don Carlos" Percy (1704–1794) was founder of the Percy family of Louisiana, Alabama and Mississippi.
Biography.
An Irish-Catholic adventurer, Percy arrived in British West Florida in 1775. For services to the Crown (rumored to be as a privateer), he initially received a land grant in Louisiana near present-day St. Francisville. With this and other land parcels, he established three successful indigo plantations, which enabled him to amass great wealth. He named the main plantation in present-day Wilkinson County near Natchez, Mississippi, Northumberland Place in honor of supposed ties with the fabled British Percy lineage of Hotspur. For a while Percy was an "alcalde" or magistrate under the Spanish government, hence his nickname, 'Don Carlos.' At the age of ninety, Percy reportedly gave in to melancholia (depression) and drowned himself in a local creek, since named Percy's Creek.
His son, Thomas George Percy, Sr. (Princeton 1806), wed Maria Pope, (a relative of the British poet Alexander Pope) in 1814. Maria's sister Matilda wed John Williams Walker, a Princeton University graduate and one of Alabama's first two senators. Walker and Percy settled on two adjacent estates in Huntsville, Alabama, and named their sons after one another.
The sons of Thomas George Percy helped develop the Mississippi Delta into the leading cotton-producing area in the world. William Alexander Percy, the youngest son, became rich before the Civil War and married Nana Armstrong, a cousin of George Armstrong Custer and granddaughter of General James (Trooper) Armstrong, a hero of the War of 1812.
Nana's son, William Alexander Percy, became a famed Confederate colonel, and was a railroad lawyer after the war.
LeRoy Percy (1860–1929), son of William Alexander Percy, served as a U.S. senator and confronted the Ku Klux Klan in Washington County in 1922, thwarting their recruiting effort.
LeRoy Percy was father of William Alexander Percy, a World War I hero, lawyer, poet and memoirist, best known for "Lanterns on the Levee: Memoirs of a Planter's Son." The senior Percy was the great-uncle of the writer Walker Percy (1916–1990), who wrote novels and essays; and William Armstrong Percy, III, an historian who became a gay activist beginning in the 1980s.
Senator Charles H. Percy of Illinois was also a direct descendant of Charles "Don Carlos" Percy.

</doc>
<doc id="9758805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758805" title="Comparison of layout engines (ECMAScript)">
Comparison of layout engines (ECMAScript)

The following tables compare ECMAScript (particularly JavaScript) support for several popular layout engines. Please see the individual products' articles for further information. Unless otherwise specified in footnotes, comparisons are based on the stable versions without any add-ons, extensions or external programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9758828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758828" title="September 1943">
September 1943

The following events occurred in September 1943:

</doc>
<doc id="9758831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758831" title="Dupin indicatrix">
Dupin indicatrix

In differential geometry, the Dupin indicatrix is a method for characterising the local shape of a surface. Draw a plane parallel to the tangent plane and a small distance away from it. Consider the intersection of the surface with this plane. The shape of the intersection is related to the Gaussian curvature. The Dupin indicatrix is the result of the limiting process as the plane approaches the tangent plane. The indicatrix was invented by Charles Dupin.
For elliptical points where the Gaussian curvature is positive the intersection will either be empty or form a closed curve. In the limit this curve will form an ellipse aligned with the principal directions. 
For hyperbolic points, where the Gaussian curvature is negative, the intersection will form a hyperbola. Two different hyperbola will be formed on either side of the tangent plane. These hyperbola share the same axis and asymptotes. The directions of the asymptotes are the same as the asymptotic directions.

</doc>
<doc id="9758854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758854" title="Voxx (album)">
Voxx (album)

Voxx is a 1980 rock album by the Bay City Rollers. It was the second of three LPs the group issued as The Rollers.
The disc featured an unlikely hodgepodge of songs culled from various sources. Two tracks ("Soho" and "The Hero") were unused tunes from the "Elevator" sessions, another two ("Honey Don't Leave L.A." and "New York") were re-recordings of Duncan Faure solo tracks, and "Working for the People" was a redo of a Rabbitt song. "Rebel Rebel" is presented in a live version, lifted from the 1977 Budokan concert that would be released in 2001 as "Rollerworld". Production was credited to "Ricky Fender", an alias of Eric Faulkner, with Peter Ker credited for the two "Elevator" tracks.
"Voxx" was the Rollers' final LP for Arista Records, and was released only in Germany and Japan. A CD edition has been issued in Japan and in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9758869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758869" title="Dosse">
Dosse

The Dosse is a river in the district of Ostprignitz-Ruppin in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Havel. The Dosse is 94 km long, with its source on the border between Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Brandenburg, arising out of three small brooks that unite after four kilometres. It flows generally south, through Wittstock, Wusterhausen and Neustadt an der Dosse, before joining the Havel near Havelberg in Saxony-Anhalt. The total catchment area is 1,268 km².
With the town of Wittstock on its banks, the Dosse was the site of the 1636 Battle of Wittstock between Sweden and an alliance between Imperial and Saxon troops during the Thirty Years' War.

</doc>
<doc id="9758872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758872" title="Treaty of El Pardo">
Treaty of El Pardo

The Treaty of El Pardo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9758881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758881" title="Email appending">
Email appending

Email appending, also known as e-appending, is a marketing practice that involves taking known customer data (first name, last name, and postal address) and matching it against a vendor's database to obtain email addresses. The purpose is to grow one's email subscriber list with the intent of sending customers information via email instead of through traditional mail. Email appending is a controversial practice in the email marketing world, with critics claiming that sending email to people who never explicitly opted-in is against best practices. Others contend that if done right, email appending is a great tool for marketers to provide relevant content and offers to their already existing customers.
An email appending process involves either a business or consumer database made up of contacts including their name, address and company name business contacts. If the company wants to expand into email communication, then they can involve a service provider that has a database of email addresses in order to merge the data together and append business or consumer email addresses to their existing file. In this way they can have an updated database with the current email address of individuals on the list. The success of email appending depends on the quality of both databases being merged. 
Mail sent by email appending methods can be either opt-out or opt in email. Vendors that use opt-in methods send an initial permission based email to the appended email addresses asking customers if they would like to opt into the client's mailing list in addition to giving them the opportunity to unsubscribe. 
In September 2011, The Messaging Anti-Abuse Working Group (MAAWG) released a position paper stating the practice of email appending is in direct violation to their values and is an abusive practice.

</doc>
<doc id="9758886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758886" title="National Board of Review Awards 1950">
National Board of Review Awards 1950

22nd National Board of Review Awards<br>
December 20, 1950
The 22nd National Board of Review Awards were announced on December 20, 1950.
External links.
National Board of Review of Motion Pictures :: Awards for 1950

</doc>
<doc id="9758899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758899" title="Danny Villanueva">
Danny Villanueva

Daniel Dario Villanueva (born November 5, 1937 in Tucumcari, New Mexico) is a former American football placekicker and punter in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams and the Dallas Cowboys. Villanueva, who was of Mexican American descent, played college football at New Mexico State University.
Early years.
Villanueva graduated from Calexico High School and would attend Reedley College, before accepting a scholarship to play college football at New Mexico State University. He was part of the teams that won back to back Sun Bowl games in 1959 and 1960, as well as going undefeated his senior season. These were significant accomplishments, considering that more than 50 years have passed without another postseason appearance for the New Mexico State University football teams.
He was inducted into the New Mexico State University Athletics Hall of Fame in 1970.
Professional career.
Los Angeles Rams.
In 1960 he signed with the Los Angeles Rams as an undrafted free agent, becoming one of the earliest players of Mexican descent in the NFL, and one of the last straight-away style placekickers. Villanueva was both a placekicker and a punter, so he kept two different pairs of shoes on game day.
During his time with the Rams he was nicknamed "El Kickador" and "El Toe-reador", with bullfighting music being played whenever he walked onto the field at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. In 1962 he led the NFL in punting, set the Rams' record for the longest field goal (51 yards) and the single-season record for punting average (45.5), which would last for 45 years until it was broken in 2007 by Donnie Jones. 
He led the team in scoring from 1960 to 1963, until Bruce Gossett won the placekicker starting job in 1964. In 1965 the Rams traded him to the Dallas Cowboys, in exchange for wide receiver and future hall of famer Tommy McDonald. He left as the Rams career gross average punt leader with 44.3 yards, a record that was broken by Donnie Jones in 2009.
Dallas Cowboys.
In 1965 he had an instant impact improving the special teams unit, eventually setting the franchise record with 100 consecutive extra point conversions (1965-1967). In 1966 he had a career high 107 points and set the Cowboys’ record for most extra point made without a miss on a season with 56.
He retired after the 1967 NFL Championship Game famously known as the "The Ice Bowl". He finished with a 42.8 career punting average without a block and 491 career points.
Personal life.
Villanueva went on to become a self-made multimillionaire. He started as a sports broadcaster on KNBC in Los Angeles, California. In the 1970s he became part-owner of the Spanish International Network (SIN), a Spanish-language network based in the United States with stations located in cities across the US with significant Spanish language populations. In 1986 the network was sold and renamed to Univision. 
In 1988 he was inducted into the National Hispanic Hall of Fame as part of the inaugural group. In 2003 the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences inducted him into the Management Hall of Fame as part of the inaugural group. In 2007 he was inducted into the Hispanic Sports Foundation for Education Inc.’s National Hispanic Hall Of Fame. 
He has a wife and two sons. His brother Primo Villanueva was one of the first Hispanic surnamed players in the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9758904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758904" title="Yumiko Shaku">
Yumiko Shaku


</doc>
<doc id="9758950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758950" title="Alastair Boyd, 7th Baron Kilmarnock">
Alastair Boyd, 7th Baron Kilmarnock

Alastair Ivor Gilbert Boyd, 7th Baron Kilmarnock (11 May 1927 – 19 March 2009) was a British writer, Hispanophile, and Chief of the Clan Boyd.
Early life.
Boyd was born into an aristocratic British family, and served as a pageboy at the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. He was educated at Bradfield College and King's College, Cambridge and was commissioned into the Irish Guards in 1946. He served with them until 1948, including a spell in Palestine.
Personal life.
Boyd married Diana Mary Gibson in 1954 but the marriage was dissolved in 1970. Gibson died in 1975. He married for a second time, in 1977. His new wife, Hilary Bardwell ("Hilly"), had been married twice before: first to Kingsley Amis (with whom she had three children: Philip Amis, the novelist Martin Amis, and Sally Amis), and later to D. R. Shackleton Bailey. Boyd and Bardwell had one son, James Charles Edward Boyd, known as "Jaime," who was born in 1972. After the end of Kingsley Amis's second marriage, he came to live with Lord Kilmarnock and his ex-wife Hilly.
Boyd lived for much of his life at Ronda in Andalusia, first with Diana, and later with Hilly and their son James, where he variously ran a tapas bar and a language school. 
As Boyd's only son was born before his parents' marriage, the title of Baron Kilmarnock was inherited by Boyd's younger brother, Robin Jordan Boyd (b. 1941), who succeeded to the peerage in 2009. He has two sons, Simon John Boyd, born 1978, and Mark Julian Boyd, born 1981. The heir apparent is the elder of his two sons, Simon John Boyd, who has a son, Lucian Michael Boyd (born 2007).
Political career.
After inheriting his father's title in 1975, he took his seat in the House of Lords, eventually joining the Social Democratic Party. He served as the party's chief whip in the Lords from 1983 to 1986. He was the deputy leader of the SDP Peers from 1986-87, and served as the chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Aids from 1987-96.
Writing.
His publications include "Sabbatical Year" (1958); "The Road from Ronda" (1969); "The Companion Guide to Madrid and Central Spain" (1974); "The Essence of Catalonia" (1988); "The Sierras of the South" (1992); "The Social Market and the State" (1999); and "Rosemary: A Memoir" (2005).
His essay, The Quest (2006), on the paintings of his friend Miles Richmond (1922–2008), appeared in catalogues that accompanied exhibitions by Richmond at the Convento de Santo Domingo, Ronda (2006) and the Galeria Italcable, Malaga (2008). Richmond had arrived at Ronda in 1954 to work beside his teacher, David Bomberg, in Bomberg's last years. He and Boyd first met at Ronda in 1957, when Richmond and his wife Susanna, both painters, introduced Boyd and Diana to the 'pleasure and practicability of getting around the countryside on horseback'.

</doc>
<doc id="9758970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758970" title="Oxbow code">
Oxbow code

In computer programming, oxbow code refers to fragments of program code that were once needed but which are now never used. Such code is typically formed when a program is modified, either when an item is superseded with a newer version but the old version is not removed, or when an item is removed or replaced, but the item's supporting code is not removed.
Such code is normally removed unless sufficiently amusing or educational.
Similarly, variables and data structures can be left around after the last code that used them has gone, though these are more commonly called unused or unreferenced variables.
The term is taken by analogy with oxbow lakes which are formed in nature when
a bend in a river becomes so pronounced that the water breaks through
from before the bend to after it, making the river straight again.
When the sides of the new course silt up, a curved lake is left,
disconnected from the main stream.
Examples.
(from
gnash/server/asobj/Global.cpp 1.46)
In this, "strHexDigits" is oxbow code (or oxbow data).

</doc>
<doc id="9758975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758975" title="Unreferenced variable">
Unreferenced variable

An unreferenced variable in the source code of a computer program is a variable that is defined but which is never used. This may result in a harmless waste of memory (unless the compiler used detects the situation and does not allocate storage for the variable, perhaps also issuing a warning). Some coding guideline documents consider an unreferenced variable to be a symptom of a potential coding fault.
Examples.
C:
In this example, j is an unreferenced variable.

</doc>
<doc id="9758991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9758991" title="Pocket mutation chess">
Pocket mutation chess

Pocket mutation chess is a chess variant invented by Mike Nelson in 2003.
In this game a player can take a piece from the board and put it into a "pocket". The piece in the pocket can be put back on the board later. When placing the piece into the pocket the player can "mutate" the piece, i.e. change it to the different piece.
The game is one of "Recognized Chess Variants" at Chess Variant Pages.
Rules.
The starting position in this game is the same as in standard chess. Players make moves as in standard chess. Instead of moving, a player can take one of their own pieces from the board and put it into the pocket, provided that the pocket is empty. If the piece is placed into the pocket from the last rank, it gets promoted to a piece of higher class. Otherwise the player has an option to mutate the piece into a different piece of the same class. The choice of mutating (or not) must be made at the time the piece is removed. White cannot use the pocket on the first move. The King cannot be placed into the pocket.
As a players move, a piece in the pocket can be dropped on any empty position on the board, except the last rank. A pawn can make only a single step from the first rank, but can do a double step from the second one, even if dropped there or moved from the first rank. The en passant rule applies as in standard chess. Pawns that reach the last rank do not get promoted immediately. Instead, they can be placed into the pocket and promoted to a piece of higher class.
There is no castling in this chess variant. The game is declared a draw if no capture or promotion was made for 50 consecutive moves.
Classes of the pieces.
Besides usual pieces there are several fairy chess pieces in this game. All pieces are divided into the following classes. All pieces from the same class are of presumably the same (or close) value.

</doc>
<doc id="9759008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759008" title="Pickard">
Pickard

Pickard is a surname, an Anglicised version of Picard, originally meaning a person from Picardy, a historical region and cultural area of France.

</doc>
<doc id="9759026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759026" title="Konzo">
Konzo

Konzo is an epidemic paralytic disease occurring in outbreaks in remote rural areas of low income African countries. The people of these regions have been associated with several weeks of almost exclusive consumption of insufficiently processed "bitter" (cyanide yielding) cassava ("Manihot esculenta") — an annual crop native to South America, but widely cultivated in tropical regions worldwide. African farmers often prefer the bitter cassava varieties because they deter pests, animals and thieves. The more toxic varieties are a fall back resource (a "food security crop") in times of famine in some places. Konzo was first described by Giovanni Trolli in 1938 who compiled the observations from eight doctors working in the Kwango area of the Belgian Congo (now Democratic Republic of the Congo).
Occurrence.
Konzo has mainly been reported in outbreaks among women and children in remote rural populations in East and Central Africa such as DR Congo, Mozambique (where it is known as mantakassa), Tanzania and Central African Republic.
The first reported outbreak occurred in Bandundu Province in present day DR Congo in 1936-1937 and the second in Nampula Province of Northern Mozambique in 1981. Each of these outbreaks numbered more than 1000 cases. Familial clustering is common. Outbreaks typically occur in the dry season in households living in absolute poverty that have sustained themselves for weeks or months on insufficiently processed bitter cassava. Both smaller outbreaks and sporadic cases have been reported from all the countries above.
Symptoms.
The onset of paralysis (spastic paraparesis) is sudden and symmetrical and affects the legs more than the arms. The resulting disability is permanent but does not progress. Typically a patient is standing and walking on the balls of the feet with rigid legs and often with ankle clonus.
Initially, most patients experience generalized weakness during the first days and are bedridden for some days or weeks before trying to walk. Occasional blurred vision and /or speech difficulties typically clear during the first month, except in severely affected patients. Spasticity is present from the first day, without any initial phase of flaccidity. After the initial weeks of functional improvement, the spastic paraparesis remains stable for the rest of life, as confirmed by longterm follow up studies. Some patients may suffer an abrupt aggravating episode, e.g. a sudden and permanent worsening of the spastic paraparesis. Such episodes are identical to the initial onset and can therefore be interpreted as a second onset.
The severity of konzo varies from hyperreflexia in the lower limbs to a severely disabled, bedridden patient with spastic paraparesis, associated weakness of the trunk and arms, impaired eye movements, dysarthria and possibly visual impairment. Although the severity varies from patient to patient the longest upper motor neurons are invariably more affected than the shorter ones. Thus a konzo patient with dysarthria always shows severe symptoms in the legs and arms.
Recently, neuropsychological effects of konzo have been described from DR Congo.
Diagnosis.
The WHO has recommended three criteria for the diagnosis of konzo:
Depending on its severity, konzo is divided into three categories: mild when individuals are able to walk without support, moderate when individuals need one or two sticks to walk, and severe when the affected person is unable to walk unsupported.
Etiology.
The full etiology and the character of the neurological imjury remains unclear. The disease onset is associated to high dietary exposure from cyanide liberated from the naturally occurring glucosides, such as linamarin and lotaustralin that normally are removed by processing before consumption of bitter cassava roots. Cassava, Manihot esculenta, is a high-yielding root crop which is the main staple food for 400 million inhabitants in the tropics. Bitter varieties are preferred in many areas with low agricultural suitability. Although these varieties contain large amounts of toxic cyanogenic glucosides, they can be rendered safe by mechanical grating or fermentation followed by drying or heating. Most of these processing methods takes several days to complete. Cassava is not the only plant to contain cyangogenic glucosides; for instance linseed and almonds, especially the bitter almonds contain similar cyanogenic substances.
Konzo has only been reported from cassava-growing areas, but affected populations constitute only about 1% of all cassava-eating populations in the tropics and consumption of cassava alone is not sufficient to cause konzo. However, during food shortage, war and other severe disruptions of life in poor rural cassava growing communities, the population is forced to make short-cuts in normal processing. A number of epidemiological studies implicates the combination of high intake of cyanogen glucosides and simultaneous low intake of sulfur amino acids needed to detoxify cyanide as the main etiological factor. 
It is noteworthy that not one single case of similar type of upper motor neuron damage has been reported from cyanide exposure without simultaneous protein malnutrition and even more that no case of konzo has yet been reported from poor cassava eating populations in South America.
Treatment and prognosis.
Although no treatment has been found it has been shown that affected individuals benefit considerably from rehabilitation and use of adequate walking aids. In the Central African Republic some children have been operated with an elongation of the Achilles tendon which improved the position of the foot but the long term consequence remains uncertain.
Prevention.
It has been suggested that the disease may be prevented by advising population at risk to grow non-toxic ("sweet") cultivars of cassava. However, their reason for preferential use of toxic ("bitter") cassava varieties is that the toxin and the bitterness associated to the toxin protect the crop from attacks by wild animals and thieves. Prevention of konzo depends on swift restoration of food security that enables higher protein intake and normal cassava processing practices. High awareness of the non-infectious character of the disease is needed to avoid actions that may aggravate the dietary situation of the poor populations that are affected by this disorder.
Howard Bradbury has suggested a simple method of processing flour made from cassava that helps remove the cyanide.
Etymology.
"Konzo" means "tied legs" in the Yaka language in Southwestern DR Congo and was the designation by the first affected population in DR Congo as reported by Dr G. Trolli in 1938. The name, taken up by Hans Rosling and colleagues, aptly describes the typical spastic gait of those afflicted.
Differential diagnosis.
The clinical symptoms are strikingly similar to those of lathyrism and also similar to tropical spastic paraparesis and hereditary spastic paraparesis, only that the latter two disorders have a slow onset. Konzo is distinct from polio which is a flaccid paralysis and most often affects a person asymmetrically.
A distinct myeloneuropathy also associated to cyanogen intake from cassava is tropical ataxic neuropathy (TAN), as first described in parts of Nigeria by B.O. Osuntokun in 1968. The disease is still occurring in the same areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="9759031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759031" title="Mamdouh Mahmud Salim">
Mamdouh Mahmud Salim

Mamdouh Mahmud Salim (, "Mamdūḥ Maḥmūd Sālim"; b. 1958 in Sudan) is a Sudanese alleged co-founder of the Islamist terrorist network al-Qaeda. He was arrested on 16 September 1998 near the German city of Munich. On 20 December 1998 he was extradited to the United States, where he is charged with participating in the 1998 United States embassy bombings. 
Since then he has been convicted of attempted murder, after stabbing one prison guard during an attempted escape. He was sentenced to 32 years for the crimes.
In 2008, however, a Federal Appeals judge ruled that the judge in the case was in error when he ruled that the stabbing was not part of a terrorism plot. He ordered resentencing. 
He was re-sentenced to life without parole in August 2010. He is now an inmate of the ADX Florence facility in Florence, Colorado (reg.nr. 42426-054).
Founding al-Qaeda in 1988.
He attended two meetings from August 11–20 in 1988, along with Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, Mohammed Atef, Jamal al-Fadl, Wael Hamza Julaidan, and Mohammed Loay Bayazid and eight others, to discuss the founding of "al-Qaeda".
According to Jamal al-Fadl, Salim instructed militant recruits in the works of Ibn Taymiyyah. Other allegations suggest he travelled to China, Japan or Hong Kong with Mohammed Loay Bayazid in 1990 to facilitate the purchase of communications equipment for the Sudanese government. In Khartoum, he travelled to Hilat Koko with Jamal al-Fadl in late 1993 or early 1994, and met with Amin Abdel Marouf to discuss chemical weapons.
He was arrested approximately September 8, 1998 in Germany, and extradited to the United States. However, his joint bank account with Mamoun Darkanzali was not investigated, and the latter transferred the funds to a militant who would later participate in the 9/11 hijackings.
Indictment for the embassy bombings.
Salim's name occurs frequently in 157-page indictment, sometimes alongside the name of Osama bin Laden and no one else. According to the indictment

</doc>
<doc id="9759038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759038" title="Banach's matchbox problem">
Banach's matchbox problem

Banach's match problem is a classic problem in probability attributed to Stefan Banach. Feller says that the problem was inspired by a humorous reference to Banach's smoking habit in a speech honouring him by H. Steinhaus, but that it was not Banach who set the problem or provided an answer. 
Suppose a mathematician carries two matchboxes at all times: one in his left pocket and one in his right. Each time he needs a match, he is equally likely to take it from either pocket. Suppose he reaches into his pocket and discovers for the first time that the box picked is empty. If it is assumed that each of the matchboxes originally contained formula_1 matches, what is the probability that there are exactly formula_2 matches in the other box?
Solution.
Without loss of generality consider the case where the matchbox in his right pocket has an unlimited number of matches and let M be the number of matches removed from this one before the left one is found to be empty. When the left pocket is found to be empty, the man has chosen that pocket (N+1) times. Then M is the number of successes before (N+1) failures in Bernoulli trials with p=1/2, which has the negative binomial distribution and thus
Returning to the original problem, we see that the probability that the left pocket is found to be empty first is formula_4 which equals 1/2 because both are equally likely. We see that the number K of matches remaining in the other pocket is

</doc>
<doc id="9759063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759063" title="Indomie">
Indomie

Indomie () is a brand of instant noodle by Indofood, the largest instant noodle manufacturer in Indonesia with 72% of market share. It is distributed in Australia, Asia, Africa, New Zealand, the United States and European and Middle Eastern countries. Indofood is one of Indonesia's largest pre-packaged food companies, and was founded in 1982 by Sudono Salim. Outside its main manufacturing plants in Indonesia, Indomie is also produced in Nigeria since 1995 where it is a popular brand and have the largest instant noodles manufacturing plant in Africa.
Description.
Indomie is a form of instant noodle spiced for the Indonesian palate. The most popular flavor is Indomie Mi Goreng, followed by Indomie Soto Mie, Indomie Ayam Bawang (Onion Chicken), Indomie Kari Ayam (Chicken Curry), Indomie Kaldu Ayam (Chicken) and Indomie Ayam Spesial (Special Chicken).
Naming and slogan.
"Indo" stands for "Indonesia" and "Mie" stands for "noodles" in the Chinese language, therefore "Indomie" stands for "noodles from Indonesia or Indonesian noodle". Both Indomie and IndoMie can be used to describe the brand.
Several advertisements in Indonesia show a variety of customers eat Indomie, usually ended by the chorus "Indomie, Seleraku", "Majulah Indonesiaku" (Indonesia Independence Day only), and "Maafkan Lahir Batin" (Eid Mubarak only).
Varieties.
Indomie comes in a variety of flavours, including:
Pop Mie.
Indomie also has a cup noodle variety, called Pop Mie, Indomie Cup in Egypt, Syria and Saudi Arabia or Handy Indomie in the Virgin Islands, in a variety flavours including:

</doc>
<doc id="9759071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759071" title="Bob Kowalkowski">
Bob Kowalkowski

Robert Kowalkowski (November 5, 1943 – September 17, 2009) was an American Football offensive guard who played for the Detroit Lions and the Green Bay Packers in a twelve-year career that lasted from 1966 to 1977 in the National Football League. 
Kowalkowski played college football at the University of Virginia and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1965 NFL Draft by the Lions. His son Scott was selected in the 1991 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles and also played with the Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="9759073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759073" title="Arrow to the Heart">
Arrow to the Heart

Arrow to the Heart is a British television drama, broadcast live twice by BBC Television in 1952, four days apart, and again in 1956. It was adapted from the German novel "Unruhige Nacht" by Albrecht Goes, published in 1950.
It was the first collaboration between director Rudolph Cartier and scriptwriter Nigel Kneale who were, according to television historian Lez Cooke, "responsible for introducing a completely new dimension to television drama in the early to mid-1950s."
Plot.
Based on an incident from Goes's own experiences during World War II, the action of the story takes place over one night on the Eastern Front in Russia in 1943. A German Army pastor has been flown in to oversee the military execution of a convicted deserter. The pastor finds himself sharing a room with an officer who is due to be sent to fight with the German Sixth Army in the Battle of Stalingrad, virtually a death sentence itself. Through studying documentation surrounding the case, the pastor comes to realise that the deserter is in fact innocent, but his execution goes ahead as scheduled in the morning. The officer, however, earns a temporary reprieve as news comes through that the Sixth Army has fallen and the battle for Stalingrad has ended in defeat.
Production.
Rudolph Cartier had joined the staff of the BBC drama department earlier in 1952, after previously having worked in the film industry. "Arrow to the Heart" was his first television production for the BBC.
The Austrian-born, Cartier adapted Goes's novel into script form himself, as well as directing the production. The BBC's Head of Drama, Michael Barry, felt that Cartier's English dialogue was not quite right, and assigned Nigel Kneale — a staff writer who had been working at the BBC since the previous year — to improve it, with Cartier's approval. Officially credited for "additional dialogue", this was Kneale's first major television drama credit.
The drama starred Robert Harris, Howard Lang, Esmond Knight, Leonard White and Donald Pleasence, and was transmitted live from 9–10.40pm on the evening of Sunday 20 July 1952. It was performed live for a second time four days later, from 7.25–9.15pm on Thursday 24 July 1952.
Cartier remade the production, working from the original script, four years later. Transmitted on Sunday 22 April 1956, this version was also still transmitted live. Robert Harris reprised his starring role, with Cyril Shaps also appearing. "The Times" newspaper reviewed the production the day after its broadcast, and gave it a favourable assessment. "Mr. Rudolph Cartier's production, though soliciting the emotions blatantly with Wagner, caught numerous atmospheres by dramatic cutting and economic precision of detail (a terrified filing clerk in the background upsetting a loaded shelf)."
Routine telerecording was rare in 1952, and neither of the two transmissions would have benefited from the practice, which then gave poor visual results; this is partly the reason for the 'live repeat'. No recording of the 1956 production is known to survive either.

</doc>
<doc id="9759087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759087" title="Immigrants' List">
Immigrants' List

Immigrants' List is a federal Political Action Committee founded in 2006. It is a bipartisan, single issue PAC focusing on immigration issues. They are in favor of comprehensive immigration reform and policies that would increase due process, judicial review, US visas, legalization, and eliminate the three year, ten year, and permanent bars.
History.
Immigrants' List was founded by 35 immigration attorneys in October 2006, one month before the 2006 US midterm elections. In their fist cycle they supported two candidates, Dave Meijas and Tammy Duckworth, raising over $30,000 for each of them.

</doc>
<doc id="9759092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759092" title="1998 Solheim Cup">
1998 Solheim Cup

The fifth Solheim Cup took place from September 18 to September 20, 1998 at Muirfield Village, Dublin, Ohio, USA. The United States team retained the cup beating the European team by 16 points to 12.
Teams.
Europe
Format.
A total of 28 points were available, divided among four periods of team play, followed by one period of singles play. The first period, on Friday morning, was four rounds of foursomes. This was followed in the afternoon by four rounds of fourballs. This schedule was repeated on the Saturday morning and afternoon. The four periods on Friday and Saturday accounted for 16 points. During these team periods, the players played in teams of two. The final 12 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay, in which all 24 players (12 from each team) took part.
Day one.
"Friday, September 18, 1998"
Day two.
"Saturday, September 19, 1998"
Day three.
"Sunday, September 20, 1998"

</doc>
<doc id="9759104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759104" title="Kon-Tiki (1951 film)">
Kon-Tiki (1951 film)

Kon-Tiki is a Norwegian documentary about the Kon-Tiki expedition led by Norwegian explorer and writer Thor Heyerdahl in 1947, released in Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Denmark in 1950, followed by the United States in 1951. The movie, which was directed by Thor Heyerdahl and edited by Olle Nordemar, received the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for 1951 at the 24th Academy Awards. The Oscar officially went to Olle Nordemar. It is currently the only feature film from Norway to have won an Academy Award.
Content.
The movie has an introduction explaining Heyerdahl's theory, then shows diagrams and images explaining the building of the raft and its launch from Peru. Thereafter it is film of the crew on board, shot by themselves, with commentary written by Heyerdahl and translated. The whole film is black and white, shot on a single 16mm camera.
A small amount of color footage of Kon-Tiki does exist.

</doc>
<doc id="9759113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759113" title="Janice Lynde">
Janice Lynde

Janice Lynde (born March 28, 1948 in Houston, Texas), raised in Lake Charles, Louisiana, is an American actress.
Lynde began her professional career at ten years old, playing piano and singing solos with the Dallas Symphony. She attended college at Indiana University, studying music, and then the University of Pennsylvania. After she graduated from college, she moved to New York and began a career in acting. In 1973, she moved to Los Angeles, where she got her big acting break when she was chosen to be one the of the original cast members of the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless", where she portrayed Leslie Brooks. She left the series in early 1977. In 1979, she joined the cast of "Another World" as Tracy DeWitt; she left the role in 1981. In 1984, she starred as Laurel Chapin Wolek in "One Life to Live", which she left in 1986. She has also appeared in several television shows, movies and television movies.

</doc>
<doc id="9759117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759117" title="Tawfiq Ziad">
Tawfiq Ziad

Tawfiq Ziad (, , also spelt Tawfik Zayyad or Tawfeeq Ziad, 7 May 1929 – 5 July 1994) was a Palestinian politician well known for his "poetry of protest".
Biography.
Born in the Galilee, Ziad studied literature in USSR. After returning home, he was elected mayor of Nazareth on 9 December 1973, as head of Palestine 48 Rakah, a communist party, a victory that is said to have "surprised and alarmed" Israelis.
Elected to the Knesset in the 1973 elections on Rakah's list, Ziad was active in pressuring the Israeli government to change its policies towards Arabs - both those inside Israel and in the occupied Palestinian territories. A report he co-authored on Israeli prison conditions and the use of torture on Palestinian inmates was reprinted in the Israeli newspaper Al HaMishmar. It was also submitted to the United Nations by Tawfik Toubi and Ziad after their visit to Al-Far'ah prison on 29 October 1987. It was subsequently quoted from at length in a UN General Assembly report dated 23 December 1987, where it was described as "Perhaps the best evidence of the truth of the reports describing the repugnant inhumane conditions endured by Arab prisoners."
Ziad died on 5 July 1994 in a head-on collision in the Jordan Valley on his way back to Nazareth from Jericho after welcoming Yasser Arafat, the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, back from exile. At the time of his sudden death, he was still Mayor of Nazareth, a member of the Knesset and "a leading Arab legislator". A street is named after him in Shefa-'Amr.

</doc>
<doc id="9759151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759151" title="Jeremy Kay">
Jeremy Kay

Jeremy Kay is a singer/songwriter. He released his first album, "Jeremy Kay", in 2000 and a second, "Idol American", in 2003. He achieved some notability when his music was used in several soundtracks. His songs have been used in television series like "Scrubs" in its first season, and "Numb3rs". He is based in California and his music is a mix of Indie, soul, folk and rock in a mostly electric/acoustic blend.
His third album, "Talking to Me", was released on August 28, 2007, by his label 10 Spot.

</doc>
<doc id="9759202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759202" title="John Kringen">
John Kringen

John Kringen was named Deputy Director for Intelligence effective February 2005. In 2008, he joined the US European Command at the Stuttgart-Vaihingen base.
Prior to becoming DDI, he was the Director of the DCI's Crime and Narcotics Center (CNC). He began his career with the Central Intelligence Agency in 1978 as an analyst in the Directorate of Intelligence. During his career he has had responsibilities for managing intelligence programs in a wide variety of areas—ranging from tracking the international arms trade to monitoring political, economic, and military developments in much of the developing world. From March 1998-July 2000 he served as Director of the Office of Imagery Analysis with the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (now the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency). He has also served overseas.
Prior to government service, he taught at the University of Maryland and received his Ph.D. in political science from the University of Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="9759219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759219" title="Farmacias El Amal">
Farmacias El Amal

Farmacias El Amal, is regional pharmacy chain operating throughout Puerto Rico. It operates more than 40 pharmacies across Puerto Rico. The chain is privately held and was founded in 1973. 
Farmacias El Amal stores also contain cosmetics, photo departments as well as a basic pantry department. Farmacias El Amal is best known for its Pasaporte a la Salud Loyalty Card and aggressive promotions including their Black Friday Sales. Its largest competitors are Walgreen Co., Kmart, and Walmart.
History.
This chain started out as a single drugstore in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico in 1973. The chain slowly expanded throughout the 1970s and 1980s by opening several additional drugstores mostly in the Carolina and San Juan metropolitan areas. By 1994, the chain had grown to 12 drugstores. During the '80s and '90s, Farmacias El Amal were characterized by their unique aisle layout (a diagonal V) and above average square footage.
In 1995, Farmacias El Amal acquired Farmacias Moscoso, increasing its store count to 45 drugstores. The company proceeded to modernize its store base, installing POS and Pharmacy systems. The company also remodeled, relocated and opened many new stores throughout the 1990s and early 2000s. Today, the chain has 60 locations across Puerto Rico.
On January 17, 2008, Walgreens acquired 20 drugstores from Farmacias El Amal. El Amal will continue operating its other 41 stores in Puerto Rico. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed, and it is subject to customary closing conditions. Once the agreement is finalized, work will begin on converting the El Amal stores to Walgreens, including remodeling and changing the store names.
On February 19, 2011, El Amal drugstore chain ceased operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9759248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759248" title="Ken Eadie">
Ken Eadie

Kenneth William Eadie (born 26 February 1961 in Paisley) is a retired Scottish footballer who played for, amongst others, Clydebank, Airdrieonians and Queen of the South during his career.
Ken Eadie played as a striker and spent the longest part of his playing career with Clydebank hitting 149 goals on his 276 league games. He is the club's all-time leading scorer. Eadie won the Daily Record Golden Boot in 1991, clinching it on the final day of the season with 4 second half strikes in a 7-1 victory over Partick Thistle at New Kilbowie Park which saw him pip Gordon Dalziel and finish the season with 30 goals. Eadie was inducted into the Clydebank Hall of Fame alongside Jim Fallon, Jim Gallagher and Davie Cooper.
Included amongst his time at Queen of the South Eadie was joint manager along with George Rowe. The management of the pair helped turn round a difficult first season, thanks in large part to the performances of then youngsters Jamie McAllister and David Lilley.

</doc>
<doc id="9759265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759265" title="Scott Kowalkowski">
Scott Kowalkowski

Scott Thomas Kowalkowski (born August 23, 1968) is a former American football linebacker who played for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Detroit Lions in a ten-year career that lasted from 1991 to 2001 in the National Football League.
Kowalkowski played college football at the University of Notre Dame and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1991 NFL Draft by the Eagles. His father, Bob Kowalkowski, also played with the Lions.
Kowalkowski played high school football at Saint Mary's Preparatory in Orchard Lake, Michigan, where he was an All-American defensive lineman. He graduated from Saint Mary's in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9759300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759300" title="Don Dohler">
Don Dohler

Donald Michael "Don" Dohler (January 27, 1946 – December 2, 2006) was an American film director known for making low-budget science fiction and horror films as well as work in underground comix and publishing.
Biography.
Early life.
Dohler was born in Baltimore, Maryland. As a child, his mother bought him a film projector and one day he drew stick figures on a piece of scotch tape. He ran the tape through the projector and just before the tape burned up inside of the projector, he saw the animated figure dance on the wall and that’s when he knew he wanted to make films.
Early publications.
In 1961 at the age of 15, Dohler started a "MAD"-style fanzine called "WILD". "MAD" had Alfred E. Neuman as a mascot so Dohler used his middle-school creation, ProJunior as "WILD"’s mascot. In "WILD"’s peak it had contributors such as Jay Lynch, Art Spiegelman, and Skip Williamson, who later went on to be famous in the underground comix movement of the late 60’s and early 70’s.
ProJunior.
In the early 70’s Jay Lynch and Art Spiegelman were fooling around and they started drawing "WILD"’s mascot, ProJunior, again, but this time in a leopard skin leotard. Robert Crumb saw ProJunior and decided to draw a comic about him. As a result, Jay Lynch rounded up 22 underground comix artists, including Dohler, to draw their own interpretation of ProJunior, which was published in a comic in 1971.
"Cinemagic" Magazine.
In the mid 60’s Dohler came up with an idea for a magazine for filmmakers. It would feature illustrated step-by-step articles for amateur special effects filmmakers. Inspired by his underground comix friends Dohler set off to publish the magazine on his own. The magazine featured articles by industry professionals and went on for 11 issues before being purchased by "Starlog" in 1979. "Cinemagic" inspired several young filmmakers who later went on to have successful careers in Hollywood, including J.J. Abrams, Tom Sullivan, Ernie Farino and Al Magliochetti.
First feature film.
Dohler’s first film, "The Alien Factor", was released in 1976 and is a B-grade science fiction film. The story begins with a young teenage couple making out in a car when an insect-looking monster attacks. Local sheriff must find out what's causing the killings while the mayor is breathing down his neck to keep a lid on the deaths so a multi-million dollar amusement park can be built nearby. Featuring special f/x from Ernest Farino, John Cosentino and Larry Schelecter, this sci-fi thriller had a long run on TV throughout the 80's, including Ted Turner's Superstation.
Other films.
Dohler made a several more ultra low-budget films during the 1980s, including "The Galaxy Invader", "Nightbeast", "Blood Massacre" and "Fiend", a serial killer film with a supernatural twist.
Later life.
After an 11-year, self-imposed hiatus, Dohler returned to filmmaking with "Alien Rampage" where Dohler met actor/cop Joe Ripple. Dohler never cared for directing, so he asked Ripple to direct his films, and he concentrated on cinematography and editing. Together they made five films including "Harvesters", "Stakes", "Vampire Sisters", "Crawler" and "Dead Hunt". Dohler's life is chronicled in a documentary by John Kinhart titled "Blood, Boobs & Beast".

</doc>
<doc id="9759309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759309" title="USS Seer (AM-112)">
USS Seer (AM-112)

USS "Seer" (AM-112/MSF-112/MMC-5) was an of the United States Navy that served during World War II and the Korean War, and was sold to Norway in 1962.
"Seer" was laid down on 28 November 1941 by the American Ship Building Company of Lorain, Ohio. Launched on 23 May 1942, sponsored by Mrs. J.P. Conley, and commissioned on 21 October 1942, Comdr. Albert F. Block, USNR, in command.
Service history.
US East Coast, 1942–1943.
Following commissioning, "Seer" proceeded from the Great Lakes to Chesapeake Bay for shakedown; then commenced minesweeping, anti-submarine patrol, and coastal escort work in the 5th Naval District. In April 1943, her division, Mine Division (MinDiv) 16, joined Task Force 68 at Tompkinsville, New York; whence, on the 5th, she got underway to escort a convoy to North Africa.
Invasion of Sicily and Italy, 1943.
By the end of the month, the convoy had reached Gibraltar. During May and June as the forces scheduled to participate in Operation "Husky" — the invasion of Sicily — gathered in Algerian and Tunisian harbors — "Seer", now a unit of the 8th Amphibious Force's Escort-Sweeper group, escorted ships to Bizerte, Oran, Ghazaouet, and Sousse; and patrolled off these ports. On 6 July, she joined the "Joss" attack force; and, on the 9th, she departed for Sicily. The next morning, she arrived off Licata; and, as the 3rd Infantry Division went ashore, she patrolled on a line four miles off "Red Beach". On the 11th, she was en route back to Bizerte to join another landing craft convoy and escort it to southern Sicily.
By the end of the month, she had brought up another convoy, and Palermo had fallen. In August, she began escorting ships to that port. As the ships offloaded, she added her armament to that protecting the harbor and covering the push to Messina. By mid-month, she had completed a second Bizerte-Palermo run; and, on the 17th, as Messina fell, she was caught in an air raid and took a small shell or small fragmentation bomb near the after 3-inch gun. Eight of her crew were injured; but, by the 19th, she was back at Palermo, whence she proceeded to Licata, Bizerte, and then to Mers El Kébir to prepare for the invasion of the Italian mainland at Salerno.
A unit of Task Force 81, she entered Salerno Bay on 8 September and commenced sweeping the transport area. Through the 11th, she continued sweeping despite interruptions during dive bombing attacks; then, until the 16th, she performed patrol duties.
For the next 10 days, she alternated Sicily-to-Salerno convoy duty with patrol work; and, on the 26th, she cleared the area to return to North Africa. Repairs alongside followed; and, in mid-October, she resumed escort work with runs to Naples.
Invasion of Southern France, 1944.
"Seer" continued to escort merchant ship and amphibious convoys to Italy into the summer of 1944 when she joined the forces assigned to Operation "Dragoon," the landings in southern France. Departing Naples on 12 August, she moved toward the French coast; and, during the pre-dawn hours of the 15th, commenced sweeping the boat lanes leading to "Red Beach" on the Baie de Cavalaire. Further sweeping operations in the assault area and off Toulon and Marseille followed; and, for almost a month, she escaped damage from German mines and coastal guns. On 10 September, however, she struck a moored contact mine in the Rade d'Hyères. Three were killed, 20 injured. Hull and engine damage was severe.
Emergency repairs were performed at Toulon by the Royal Navy repair ship HM "LSE-2"; and, on 20 September, she was taken in tow by fleet tug for Palermo. Further temporary repairs were completed there on 9 November, when she started back to the United States.
Return to the United States.
Sailing via Bizerte and Oran, "Seer" arrived at Yorktown, Virginia, on 11 December and began repairs at the Norfolk Navy Yard on the 14th. By mid-March 1945, the work was completed, and the minesweeper conducted a series of tests off the Virginia coast for the Naval Ordnance Laboratory. During April, she operated off southern Florida.
Pacific Fleet, 1945–1947.
In early May, she transited the Panama Canal en route to Pearl Harbor where she rejoined her division, now assigned to the Pacific Fleet. Flagship of the division, "Seer" remained in Hawaiian waters until after the end of the war. On 17 August, she headed west to participate in postwar minesweeping operations off Japan, Formosa, and the China coast. On 15 January 1946, she departed Sasebo for the United States and inactivation. She arrived at San Pedro on 14 February; remained on the west coast into November; then got underway for Orange, Texas, where she was decommissioned on 26 April 1947 and berthed with the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.
Korean War, 1950–1955.
After the outbreak of the Korean War, "Seer" was ordered reactivated. Recommissioned on 8 November 1950, she joined MinDiv 8 and for the remainder of the war performed training and schoolship duties out of Charleston, South Carolina, conducting periodic tours at Mayport and Panama City, Florida. In January 1954, she returned to the Mediterranean for a four-month tour with the 6th Fleet. At the end of May, she returned to Charleston to resume operations from that port and from Panama City. On 6 January 1955, however, she departed Charleston to return to the inactive fleet.
Decommissioning and sale.
Reclassified MSF-112 on 7 February 1955, four days later she was decommissioned and berthed at Green Cove Springs, Florida. The ship was reclassified as a Coastal Minelayer, MMC-5, on 31 October 1958.
The conversion to a coastal minelayer began in Norway in September 1960, and was completed in September 1962. The ship was transferred to the Royal Norwegian Navy on 15 December 1962 and renamed KNM "Uller" (N 50). "Seer" was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 March 1963. 
"Seer" earned six battle stars during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9759329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759329" title="Victoria Mallory">
Victoria Mallory

Victoria Mallory is an American singer and actress. She was born September 20, 1949 in Virginia. She is sometimes credited as Vicki Morales, a variant of her birth name, Victoria Morales.
The Virginia-born actress and singer moved to Columbus, Georgia where she graduated from Baker High School in 1966. She came to fame when appearing on Broadway in the 1970s with parts in three Stephen Sondheim musicals: she had a small role in "Follies" as Young Heidi, a starring one in "A Little Night Music" as Anne Egerman (1973–74), and starred as Maria in the first revival of "West Side Story" at Lincoln Center.
On television, she is probably best known for her role as Leslie Brooks on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless", which she took over from Janice Lynde in 1977. She left the series in 1984. From 1990 to 1991, she portrayed Dr. Denise Foxworthy on the soap opera "Santa Barbara". Since then, she has also made numerous guest appearances on television series, including "Everwood", "Touched by an Angel", and "Promised Land", among other movie and theatrical appearances.
Family.
She is married to "A Little Night Music" co-star Mark Lambert. They have a daughter named Ramona Mallory Lambert, who is also an actress and was cast recently in an Off-Broadway production of "The Fantasticks" as Luisa. In December 2009, her daughter Ramona Mallory starred on Broadway recreating the role of Anne Egerman in a revival of "A Little Night Music", which her mother had originated 25 years ago. 

</doc>
<doc id="9759345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759345" title="As Time Goes By (The Carpenters album)">
As Time Goes By (The Carpenters album)

As Time Goes By is an album released containing songs by American pop duo The Carpenters. It was initially released in Japan on August 1, 2001. An international release was originally to follow soon thereafter, but the release of the album generated copyright discrepancies among several publishers. These discrepancies were not resolved until late 2003, delaying the album's international date of release until April 13, 2004.
The tracks contained on this collection span the years 1967–1980, and are culled from a wide variety of media: demos, outtakes, live performances, as well as the Carpenters' television specials. The recordings encompass the majority of the Carpenters' recording career and are an eclectic mix, containing the likes of "Dizzy Fingers", "My Funny Valentine" and "Dancing in the Street".

</doc>
<doc id="9759357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759357" title="Chicago Teachers Union">
Chicago Teachers Union

The Chicago Teachers Union (CTU) is a labor union representing teachers, paraprofessionals, and clinicians in the Chicago public school system. The union has consistently fought for improved pay, benefits, and job security for its members, and it has resisted efforts to vary teacher pay based on performance evaluations. It has also pushed for improvements in the Chicago schools, and since its inception argued that its activities benefited students as well as teachers.
The CTU united several teachers' organizations in Chicago in the wake of a teachers' revolt against banks during the Great Depression. It was chartered in 1937 as Local 1 of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), in which it played a founding role. It was the largest and most active AFT Local until the 1960s. The CTU won collective bargaining rights in 1966 and conducted several strikes during the 1970s and 1980s. In September 2012, the union began its first strike in 25 years.
The CTU is also affiliated with the Illinois Federation of Teachers, the Chicago Federation of Labor, and the AFL-CIO. It has more than 30,000 members. Current officers come from the Caucus of Rank-and-File Educators, elected in 2010 to replace the longstanding United Progressive Caucus. They are: President Karen Lewis, Vice President Jesse Sharkey, Recording Secretary Michael Brunson, and Financial Secretary Kristine Mayle.
Origins.
Chicago Teachers Federation.
The CTU originated from the Chicago Teachers Federation (CTF), an organization of woman elementary school teachers founded in 1897. In its first few years, it ran a successful campaign to increase teacher pay, and its membership grew to 2500. In 1900, the CTF elected Catherine Goggin and Margaret Haley as its officers, deciding to pay them the same wages as those made by teachers.
Under the leadership of Haley and Goggin, the CTF struggled for women's suffrage, for women's rights within the labor movement, and for the right of woman workers to earn as much as their male counterparts. The CTF also launched a successful campaign against corporate tax evasion, the compensation for which was used to pay back salaries upon which the city had reneged.
In 1902, the CTF joined the Chicago Federation of Labor (CFL). It was the first time that a teachers' group had affiliated with a larger labor organization. In 1916, Haley and the CTF helped to found the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), in which the CTF became Local 1. However, the Chicago Board of Education, led by Jacob Loeb, had recently passed a rule against teacher unions:
Membership by teachers in labor unions or in organizations of teachers affiliated with a trade union or a federation or association of trade unions, as well as teachers' organizations which have officers, business agents, or other representatives who are not members of the teaching force, is inimical to proper discipline, prejudicial to the efficiency of the teaching force, and detrimental to the welfare of the public school system. Therefore, such membership, affiliation, or representation is hereby prohibited.
This rule, which became known as the Loeb rule, further stated that teachers would be fired unless they stated in writing that they did not belong to any such organization. The Loeb rule allowed the city to fire 68 teachers, including the CTF leadership, who refused to leave the union. By 1917, the CTF was forced to withdraw from both the CFL and the AFT.
Subsequent passage of the Otis rule placed education in the hands of a centralized Board of Education. However, the board was still appointed by city politicians. In the coming years, the city and School Board were accused of rampant corruption, particularly in connection with two-time mayor William Hale Thompson. Many CPS employees were appointed by the Mayor, and a 1931 study found that Chicago spent more money than any other major city on operations costs outside of education. The proliferation of bureaucracy was a serious concern: when the Elementary Teachers Union formed in 1928, one of its stated goals was "freeing of teachers from the increasingly intolerable burden of red tape and clerical work.
Great Depression.
Chicago teachers became exceptionally militant during the Great Depression, when teachers and many of their students faced extreme poverty and miserable school conditions. Particularly in the inner city, classrooms were undersupplied and overcrowded. "Too many city classrooms still resemble enlarged prison cells," according to a 1931 report. The city neglected to pay its teachers on 37 out of 46 paydays. Teachers also claimed of egregious class sizes and poorly maintained schools. Most stayed in the classroom teaching, although one committed suicide. Teachers organized independently to procure food and clothing for their students, giving large sums from their own shrinking paychecks.
Contested municipal reforms.
Once again, supporters of the public schools (including Haley) launched a campaign against local tax dodgers, who they said had owed taxes on hundreds of millions of dollars worth of new construction. This time, business leaders retaliated, in February 1932 forming a group called the Citizen's Committee on Public Expenditures CCPE), which pushed the city to cut its education budget. The banks, which controlled millions of dollars worth of city tax anticipation warrants, announced (and possessed) de facto control over city policy. In a statement published in the "Saturday Evening Post", railroad president and CCPE secretary Fred Sargent wrote that banks "positively will not lend money for any municipal function which does not have our active support. This has been a powerful lever in dealing with the really small number of recalcitrants in public office who still cling to a faith in a Santa Claus." And: "business men of Chicago have learned their lesson. We shall not again let the mechanism run wild." Sargent and the CCPE were accused of "financial fascism" for taking control of the city government through financial blackmail "with little regard for the needs of the masses and their children."
Teachers unhappy.
Teachers, with support from students and parents, began an escalating campaign to restore funding to the schools and paychecks to the teachers. They believed that Chicago's banks had access to millions of dollars in unpaid taxes that might balance the city's budget; they were angry about the CCPE's explicitly anti-school agenda, and they were also provoked by a $90 million bank bailout from the Reconstruction Finance Corporation that did nothing to help the schools. More generally, teachers were alarmed by an apparent corporate attack on education; they believed that the nation's ruling class wanted to dismantle education for the public and reserve it only for the wealthy.
Protests and petitions mounted from 1931–1932. Students planned a solidarity demonstration, and although many were convinced to stay in school, 13,000 students actually walked out. Teachers became frustrated with union leaders who urged restraint for the teachers and argued amongst each other; new rank-and-file organizations emerged. Historian John F. Lyons describes these groups as key in the development of solidarity among the city's teachers:
Many began to see the weak and divided position of the unions as the main reason for lack of success in the dispute. Accordingly, between 1931 and 1933, ordinary teachers founded a number of temporary groups to unify their ranks and actively pursue their demands. In November 1931, the South Side Teachers organized a number of mass meetings, publicity campaigns, and voting drives, and appealed without success to various teachers' unions to cooperate in framing a legislative program. Three more rank-and-file teachers' organizations emerged in 1932: The Civic Education Association of Chicago, initially organized by teachers from Senn High School on the North Side, aimed "to bring all of the teachers of Chicago, organized and unorganized, into one effective unit." The Chicago Teacher Voter Association set out with the sole aim of campaigning for politicians sympathetic to the teachers' plight. The South Side Teachers called for a boycott of stores, hotels, and other businesses that had participated in the tax strike.
Teachers increasingly began to feel singled out for bad treatment by the city. This feeling was amplified in March 1933 when teachers learned that, as teacher pay was being further cut by 15%, school janitors had received a secret raise. The city announced furthermore that on the next pay day all municipal employees except teachers would be paid.
Teachers revolt.
In April 1933, teachers targeted banks in the downtown Loop, which they held "financially responsible" for the $30 million deficit in teacher payments. On April 24, 1933 (the beginning of spring break), thousands of teachers entered bank offices and began causing mayhem. They chanted "Pay us! Pay us!" At City National Bank, they chanted "We want Dawes! We Want Dawes!", referring to bank chairman and recent US vice president Charles G. Dawes. Dawes appeared, surrounded by guards, and attempted to appease the mob over shouts. Police, who had also experienced a number of payless paydays, were reluctant to interfere.
Teachers conducted more 'raids' on 27 April, demanding of bankers: "Pay your taxes!" and "We want food!" After joining city meetings en masse, they proceeded to the Chicago Title and Trust Company, which held $10 million of property taxes in escrow. President Holman Pettibone spoke the crowd from a second-story window and attempted to convince them that the company owed nothing to the city. (In fact, Chicago Title and Trust did possess $10 million of unpaid property tax money, held in escrow accounts for tax evaders; Pettibone argued that the bank could not legitimately hand them over to the city.) Here, they clashed directly with police and bankers; several teachers were beaten and a large plate-glass window was broken. The National Education Association telegraphed bankers directly, threatening to move the organization's convention (with its 10,000 attendees) away from Chicago—a potential blow for the upcoming World's Fair.)
In early May, bankers agreed to buy tax anticipation warrants from the city. (Practically, this meant the banks were loaning the city money.) Bankers issued a collective statement suggesting that further demonstrations from teachers would provoke them to reverse their decision. Mayor Edward J. Kelly echoed the statement. Yet in July, the school board announced further pay cuts, provoking demonstrations from "tens" of thousands of teachers. 25,000 people gathered on July 21, 1933, for a "Save Our Schools" protest. Banners read "Don't let the bankers cheat your children out of an education" and "Gratitude—months with no pay—now fired". Teachers marched on Grant Park and tore down a Century of Progress banner anticipating the coming World's Fair. Teachers and parents also sought legal injunctions against the Board of Education. The School Board nevertheless fired hundreds of teachers in September, leaving remaining teachers to teach more classes—of larger size. In October, the city received a $35 million federal loan, which it used to issue back pay.
Consolidation and charter.
Chicago teachers had formed several different unions, some of which were still segregated by gender. The unrest in the early 1930s served to unite these groups, which previously had difficult cooperating. Chicago teachers played an active role in the AFT and retained their status as Local 1. In 1937, Local 1 battled New York's Local 5 over whether the AFT would remain in the American Federation of Labor (AFL) or join the newer and more inclusive Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). (New York's Local 5 was at that time the Teachers' Union, which was soon expelled from the AFT after accusations of communism, and replaced by the more moderate United Federation of Teachers.) Soon after the convention (which decided to stay in the AFL), the Chicago Teachers Union was officially chartered by the AFT as an amalgamation of Chicago's multiple teacher unions in Chicago. At this point about 3,500 teachers were members of the new Local. By September, was the largest teachers union in the U.S., with over 8500 members. The CTF, still under Haley's leadership, remained separate for some years, based on concerns that the CTU would disproportionately represent the interests of males and high school teachers.
Before collective bargaining: 1937–1967.
When the CTU formed, teachers had become disillusioned about their status as a special class of workers. Some elementary school teachers were paid less than janitors, and more teachers came to agree that they experienced discrimination because they were female. (Meanwhile, male teachers felt shortchanged and emasculated.) Teachers also resented the constantly increasing bureaucratic control over their classrooms.
Goals.
The CTU sought collective bargaining rights early on, but Superintendent William Johnson refused to grant them. The union also targeted evaluations (for teachers who wanted to become principals) that it said were administered in a corrupt fashion. By 1939, the CTU had more than doubled in size, to 8,500 members, and organized its members for actions such as mass letter-writing.
In 1948, amid small-scale sickouts and walkouts, the CTU authorized a strike when teachers experienced still more 'payless paydays' due to city neglect. The strike was averted hours before it was scheduled to begin, when the school board approved a new budget and announced that the checks due to the teachers had been mailed with all possible haste.
In addition to perennial requests for salary increases, the CTU began demanding more direct changes to Chicago's public schools. It asked the Chicago Police Department to station an officer in each of Chicago's 43 high schools; CPD refused. The CTU continued to pursue the school violence issue, insisting that teachers were being attacked by dangerous youths. During this period the union also sought shorter hours for students and teachers. It also called attention to a mounting teacher shortage, citing over a hundred classrooms without regular or substitute teachers.
During this period, Fewkes and the CTU consistently opposed merit pay policies, proposals which would vary teachers salaries based on evaluations.
John Fewkes and anticommunism.
The CTU's first president was John Fewkes. Fewkes had been the most prominent leader of "Voluntary Emergency Committee" (VEC), a male-dominated group that formed in 1933 and gained prominence by advocating and coordinating militant action. The VEC had been aggressive but not radical, and explicitly sought to exclude communists.
The union, urged on by Fewkes, participated in the AFL's anti-communist purges, and in 1941 voted 5,258 to 892 to expel the New York Teachers Union, the New York College Teachers Union and Philadelphia Teachers Union from the AFT. The three expelled Locals were large, representing about one quarter of the AFT's members, but the CTU was larger, and its votes were decisive in accomplishing the expulsion.
Fewkes remained CTU President for most of this period. He left the CTU in 1943 to serve as AFT president. In 1944, he took a position with the federal War Production Board. By 1947, he had returned to the CTU for a second term as its president. In 1950, the CTU governing board approved a constitutional amendment to remove limitations on presidential terms; John Fewkes was thereby allowed to run again, and remained CTU president until 1966.
Demographics and civil rights.
Most of Chicago's public school teachers were white single women. Public school teacher was also the most common occupation for black women in Chicago, who were treated by CPS as second-class job candidates: qualified black high school teachers worked in elementary schools or as substitutes; some could not get jobs at all. Teachers came from a shifting mix of white-collar and blue-collar families.
Campaign for collective bargaining.
The CTU intensified its campaign for collective bargaining rights in the 1960s, staging huge demonstrations at the Chicago Board of Education. Pressure increased after the New York recognized collective bargaining rights for the UFT in 1961, and the CTU threatened an illegal strike in 1963–1964 if the School Board would not grant it the same status. The city averted a strike by agreeing to negotiate, and, after long delays (including litigation from a rival union, the Chicago Education Association), the CTU became the official bargaining agent of Chicago teachers in April 1966.
Collective bargaining and strikes.
Chicago teachers went on strike multiple times in the 1970s and 1980s: 
Caucus of Rank and File Educators.
In 2010, the Caucus of Rank and File Educators (CORE), led by President Karen Lewis gained control over the CTU by winning 60% of the vote in a run-off election. CORE ran an aggressive grassroots organizing campaign, and took a strong stance against school privatization. CORE accused the incumbent United Progressive Caucus (UPC) of capitulating to corporate interests, silencing dissent within the union, and collaborating with the city to prevent union outreach at schools.
CORE quickly took action to distinguish itself from UPC, reaffirm its grassroots support, and launch a campaign to defend public education. The new leadership cut pay for union officers and used the savings to expand outreach. Former CTU member John A. Ostenburg criticized Lewis and CORE in 2011 for inexperience and political recklessness, arguing that they will not successfully be able to combat Mayor Rahm Emanuel's entrenched power. CORE represented a major bloc of dissent at the 2012 AFT convention, and held signs in protest of Race to the Top during a speech from Vice President Joe Biden.
2012 strike.
Under the leadership of CORE, the CTU pushed hard in negotiations with the city. Early on, the CTU made the decision to decline an offer of pay increases combined with layoffs. When the city would not agree to the CTU's core demands, including an expansion of programs like art and music at the city's most underfunded high schools, CTU members voted overwhelmingly (90% of teachers and 98% of those who cast ballots) to authorize a strike.
On September 10, 2012, the Chicago Teachers Union began a strike after CTU President Lewis declared that negotiations with the city were not succeeding. This strike was the CTU's first since 1987, and the first strike ever for many of the teachers involved. Regulations required them to make contract negotiations an issue in the strike, and the teachers indeed sought better pay, better benefits, and protections for teachers who lose their jobs due to school closures.
The striking teachers also wanted to call attention to a number of education issues, particularly what they defined as a broad attack on public schooling by corporate privatizers. In particular they demand a decrease in high-stakes testing for students, and an increase in music, art, and gym programs available at public schools. They also called for smaller class sizes and paid preparation time.
On September 11, 2012, the Service Employees International Union Local 1 informed companies that some of their members might go on strike with the teachers.
On September 14, 2012, the teachers reached a tentative agreement with the city, which included preferences for teachers who have been laid off due to a school closing to be hired in another school, and student test scores having less of a role in teacher evaluations than the city had originally planned. This tentative agreement did not hold, however, and the strike continued, at which point Mayor Emanuel announced his intention to seek a legal injunction, forcing teachers back to work. On September 17, 2012, Mayor Emanuel's efforts to end the strike stalled as the walkout went into the second week. Delegates from the CTU voted to end the strike on September 18, 2012. Students began their return to the schools on Wednesday, September 19, 2012. The CTU is still required to ratify the contract with the Union's 29,000 teachers.
Following the end of the strike, leaders of the Union are holding town hall meetings in major U.S. cities to underscore the belief that community collaboration is key in creating beneficial changes in education, as opposed to top-down imposition by governors or mayors. The Union plans to hold town hall meetings in Chicago, Cleveland, Minneapolis, New Orleans, New York, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, St. Paul, and Tampa.

</doc>
<doc id="9759366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759366" title="Ribonuclease T1">
Ribonuclease T1

Ribonuclease T1 (, "guanyloribonuclease", "Aspergillus oryzae ribonuclease", "RNase N1", "RNase N2", "ribonuclease N3", "ribonuclease U1", "ribonuclease F1", "ribonuclease Ch", "ribonuclease PP1", "ribonuclease SA", "RNase F1", "ribonuclease C2", "binase", "RNase Sa", "guanyl-specific RNase", "RNase G", "RNase T1", "ribonuclease guaninenucleotido-2'-transferase (cyclizing)", "ribonuclease N3", "ribonuclease N1") is a fungal endonuclease that cleaves single-stranded RNA after guanine residues, i.e., on their 3' end; the most commonly studied form of this enzyme is the version found in the mold "Aspergillus oryzae". Owing to its specificity for guanine, RNase T1 is often used to digest denatured RNA prior to sequencing. Similar to other ribonucleases such as barnase and RNase A, ribonuclease T1 has been popular for folding studies.
Structurally, ribonuclease T1 is a small α+β protein (104 amino acids) with a four-stranded, antiparallel beta sheet covering a long alpha helix (almost five turns). RNase T1 has two disulfide bonds, Cys2-Cys10 and Cys6-Cys103, of which the latter contributes more to its folding stability; complete reduction of both disulfides usually unfolds the protein, although its folding can be rescued with high salt concentrations. 
RNase T1 also has four prolines, two of which (Pro39 and Pro55) have "cis" isomers of their X-Pro peptide bonds. Nonnative isomers of these prolines can retard conformational folding dramatically, folding on a characteristic time scale of 7,000 seconds (almost two hours) at 10°C and pH 5.

</doc>
<doc id="9759370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759370" title="Gadolinium oxysulfide">
Gadolinium oxysulfide

Gadolinium oxysulfide (Gd2O2S), also called gadolinium sulfoxylate, GOS or Gadox, is an inorganic compound, a mixed oxide-sulfide of gadolinium. Its CAS number is .
Uses.
 The main use of gadolinium oxysulfide is in ceramic scintillators. Scintillators are used in radiation detectors for medical diagnostics. The scintillator is the primary radiation sensor that emits light when struck by high energy photons. Gd2O2S based ceramics exhibit final densities of 99.7% to 99.99% of the theoretical density (7.32 g/cm3) and an average grain size ranging from 5 micrometers to 50 micrometers in dependence with the fabrication procedure. Two powder preparation routes have been successful for synthesizing Gd2O2S: Pr, Ce, F powder complexes for the ceramic scintillators. These preparations routes are called the halide flux method and the sulfite precipitation method. The scintillation properties of Gd2O2S: Pr, Ce, F complexes demonstrate that this scintillator is promising for imaging applications. There are two main disadvantages to this scintillator; one being the hexagonal crystal structure, which emits only optical translucency and low external light collection at the photodiode. The other disadvantage is the high X-ray damage to the sample.
Terbium-activated gadolinium oxysulfide is frequently used as a scintillator for x-ray imaging. It emits wavelengths between 382-622 nm, though the primary emission peak is at 545 nm. It is also used as a green phosphor in projection CRTs, though its drawback is marked lowering of efficiency at higher temperatures.[http://www.freepatentsonline.com/5115306.html] Variants include, for example, using praseodymium instead of terbium (CAS registry number , EINECS number 271-826-9), or using a mixture of dysprosium and terbium for doping (CAS number , EINECS number 271-824-8).
Gadolinium oxysulfide is a promising luminescent host material, because of its high density (7.32 g/cm3) and high effective atomic number of Gd. These characteristics lead to a high stopping power for X-ray radiation. Several synthesis routes have been developed for processing Gd2O2S phosphors, including: solid state reaction method, reduction method, combustion synthesis method, emulsion liquid membrane method, and gas sulfuration method. The solid state reaction method and reduction methods are most commonly used because of their high reliability, low cost, and high luminescent properties. (Gd0.99, Pr0.01)2O2S sub-microphosphors synthesized by homogeneous precipitation method are very promising for a new green emitting material to be applied to the high resolution digital X-ray imaging field Gadolinium oxysulfide powder phosphors are intensively used for conversion of X-rays to visible light in medical X-ray imaging. Gd2O2S: Pr based solid state X-ray detectors have been successfully reintroduced to X-ray sampling in medical computed tomography (imaging by sections or sectioning, through the use of any kind of penetrating wave).
Crystal Structure.
The crystal structure of gadolinium oxysulfide has trigonal symmetry and the space group with one formula unit per unit cell. Each gadolinium ion is coordinated by four oxygen atoms and three sulfur atoms in a non-inversion symmetric arrangement. The Gd2O2S structure is a sulfur layer with double layers of gadolinium and oxygen in between.
Toxicity.
An approved respirator should be worn if exposure to dust could occur when working with gadolinium oxysulfide. Inhalation may result in lung injuries. Exposure to gadolinium compounds may cause lung and/or liver damage. Gloves are highly recommended when skin contact is likely. Contact with the skin may cause rash, redness or dermatitis. Gadolinium oxysulfide should be stored away from mineral acids, strong oxidizers and flammable materials. When Gadolinium oxysulfide comes in contact with mineral acids, hydrogen sulfide can be produced

</doc>
<doc id="9759375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759375" title="Weston, New Zealand">
Weston, New Zealand

Weston is a township situated inland from Oamaru, South Island, New Zealand. It is regarded as one of the more affluent townships of the Waitaki District and had a population of 730 in the 2006 census.
Weston has some of the largest sporting grounds in the Oamaru region, with the Weston Domain having a full size cricket oval, two football pitches and two rugby union fields, accompanied by a large pavilion and public garden/recreation area.
Limestone and cement.
Weston is home to the largest Oamaru stone quarry in New Zealand, supplying New Zealand and exporting much overseas. The quarry lies a further mile inland from Weston, so its daily operation is not noticed by Weston residents.
International cement manufacturer Holcim has gained consent to open a cement plant near Weston, involving further limestone quarrying. The application prompted the founding of the Waiareka Preservation Society, which opposes the planned plant. Society members are worried how potential extra traffic through the township would impact on roading infrastructure. However, Holcim has stated a preference for rail transport between the cement works and harbour and would seek to reopen the line to Weston.
The Weston operations were formerly operated by Taylor's Limeworks, a subsidiary of Holcim. 
Taylor's Limeworks consolidated their operations at Makareao (Dunback) in 1990 with the opening of a new plant there. The limeworks at Weston were then sold to Parkside Quarries Ltd, who continue to mine lime and Oamaru stone at two sites. If the Weston Cement Works development goes ahead, new lime/tuff quarries will be established at the western edge of Parkside's operations. The cement works will be on land immediately west of the old Taylor's works at Cormacks.
Ngapara Branch.
Weston was the first stop on the defunct Ngapara Branch railway. After closure of the branch in 1959, the first five km remained as Taylor's Siding, serving Taylor's Limeworks, the line closing in 1997 and rails uplifted. In August 2006, a proposal was made to re-open the first 4.5 km of the branch through Weston. If the proposed cement works eventuates, either the harbour at Timaru or Port Chalmers would be used for shipping purposes. The rail corridor is still owned by ONTRACK and the proposal would involve the operation of at least two trains each way daily.

</doc>
<doc id="9759380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759380" title="Sundstrand Corporation">
Sundstrand Corporation

Sundstrand Corporation was founded in 1926 as a merger of the Rockford Tool Company and Rockford Milling Machine Company in Rockford, Illinois. It was known as Sundstrand Machine Tool Company until 1959 when shareholders voted to change the name to Sundstrand Corporation. 
Sundstrand was a manufacturer of aerospace and industrial products. Aerospace products included for instance emergency power and secondary power systems, while industrial products included for instance electric power generating systems, constant speed drives, and gas turbine engines. 
In 1999, when United Technologies Corporation acquired Sundstrand, it merged with Hamilton Standard creating Hamilton Sundstrand.

</doc>
<doc id="9759394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759394" title="Aparokshanubhuti">
Aparokshanubhuti

The Aparokshanubhuti (Sanskrit: अपरोक्षानुभूतिः) is a famous work attributed to Adi Shankara. It is a popular introductory work that expounds Advaita Vedanta philosophy. It describes a method that seekers can follow to directly experience the essential truth of one's one nature. Thus, the work is literally titled "Aparokshanubhuti", or "Direct Experience". Swami Vimuktananda titles his translation "Self-Realization".
Commentaries.
The oldest extant commentary on this work is a Sanskrit commentary (Dipika or 'Elucidation') by Sri Vidyaranya. This work has been repeatedly translated and commented upon in other languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="9759415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759415" title="Ley">
Ley

Ley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9759419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759419" title="Vakya Vritti">
Vakya Vritti

Vakya Vritti is a Vedantic textbook, a small treatise, that concerns itself with the detailed and elaborate explanation of two Mahāvākyas – aham brahmāsmi and tat tvam asi which great Sruti sentences are intended to give a direct perception of Brahman. In his "Laghu vakya vritti" Adi Shankara deals with the former vakya only.
Vakya Vritti is a text of fifty-two Sanskrit slokas written by Adi Shankara and is in the form of a dialogue between an eager student and an enlightened teacher. There exists a very old commentary on this text but the name of its author is not known. Swami Chinmayananda's commentary on this exhaustive exposition of the Mahavakya Tat Tvam Asi was published in 1981. To explain each mantra as lucidly as a Guru (teacher) can is called Vritti. In Vakya Vritti a student approaches his Guru with a confession that the subject Mahavakya does not add up to any vivid understanding in his mind, and the teacher patiently elucidates what exactly the scripture means by the words employed in this significant sentence.
The Major Premises.
The dialogue of the Vakya Vritti can be thought of as having the following major premises:
1) Tvam (You) refers to the spark of Divinity within each sentient being, which enlivens that being
2) Tat (That) refers to the immortal Brahman, the source of all life all around
3) Asi (are) refers to the Tvam-substance and the Tat-substance as being the same entity

</doc>
<doc id="9759432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759432" title="William Larrabee">
William Larrabee

William Larrabee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9759443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759443" title="GOS">
GOS

GOS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9759477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759477" title="Ed Flanagan (American football)">
Ed Flanagan (American football)

Edward Joseph Flanagan (born February 23, 1944) is a former American Football center who played for the Detroit Lions and the San Diego Chargers in a twelve-year career that lasted from 1965 to 1976 in the National Football League. 
Flanagan played college football at Purdue University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1965 NFL Draft by the Lions. He was selected to four Pro Bowls.
, he is an assistant coach with the Cedar Rapids Titans of the Indoor Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9759487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759487" title="Wizard of odds">
Wizard of odds

Wizard of Odds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9759532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759532" title="Greg Freeman">
Greg Freeman

Greg Freeman is an English playwright and television writer. 
He notably adapted the US sitcom Who's the Boss? into its English version, The Upper Hand. 
Other television credits include, Terry and June and Keep it in the Family (TV series). 
Greg Freeman's plays include the critically acclaimed ‘Spite the Face’ [http://www.gregfreeman.co.uk/spitetheface.html] at Edinburgh Fringe 2006. 
'Kathmandu’ [http://www.gregfreeman.co.uk/kathmandu.html] (Menier Chocolate Factory and Pleasance, Edinburgh) and ‘Take’ (Old Red Lion). 
The latest play he wrote titled: "DOIG THE MUSICAL - with no singing no dancing and very little music" which was shown at the Tabard Theatre, London.
He is the son of Dave Freeman

</doc>
<doc id="9759538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759538" title="Subconscious music">
Subconscious music

subconscious music is a record label created by Steven Severin, co-founder of Siouxsie and the Banshees and latterly a soundtrack composer, which has released several works by him and Arban Severin. Recordings from the label are available via Severin's website and his and Arban Severins MySpace pages, and are also available by download (details per websites mentioned).

</doc>
<doc id="9759580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759580" title="Bremerhaven-Speckenbüttel station">
Bremerhaven-Speckenbüttel station

Bremerhaven-Speckenbüttel is a currently closed railway station on the line from Cuxhaven to Bremerhaven. 
The station (which shares its common name with the nearby "Bremerhaven Seehafen" freight yard) was closed in the early 1980s, along with several others on the line. The station might be reopened when the Bremen S-Bahn scheme becomes effective in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9759605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759605" title="Nick Greenstock">
Nick Greenstock

Nicholas Greenstock (born 3 November 1973 in Dubai) is a former rugby union footballer, who won four caps for England during 1997 at centre. 
He played club rugby for Wasps, Harlequins, London Irish and Staines.
Educated at Port Regis prep school and later Sherborne School, he is the son of Sir Jeremy Greenstock, a former high ranking British diplomat and the former United Kingdom Ambassador to the United Nations. 
Nick retired from full-time professional rugby in 2002, but played part-time with Harlequins and then London Irish 2002-2004 whilst working for the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Nick left the Royal Bank of Scotland in 2010, and is Managing Director and a founder partner of Gatehouse Advisory Partners, a Geopolitical consultancy established with his father Sir Jeremy Greenstock and Sir David Manning.

</doc>
<doc id="9759634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759634" title="Survive To Fight">
Survive To Fight

Survive To Fight is the title of a British Army publication which details the use of NBC protective equipment and other procedures to be carried in the event of an attack with nuclear, biological or chemical weapons. So far four editions have been published; the first three of which are in the form of a ring-bound manual with a plastic cover, and the latest, Edition 4, is a paperback booklet. Edition I covers the use of the S6 Respirator and Mk.III NBC suit and overboots, Edition II featuring the S10 Respirator and Mk.IV suit and overboots which were introduced since, and Edition III (1995) is a revised version of II, and features the addition of the Mk.V overboots. A concise aide-memoire, containing much of the same information as in the manuals is also issued, in the form of a tall card which is stored in the respirator haversack, with different versions being issued to the British Army and Navy in accordance with differing requirements for each service.

</doc>
<doc id="9759684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759684" title="Historical United States Census totals for Waldo County, Maine">
Historical United States Census totals for Waldo County, Maine

This article shows U.S. Census totals for Waldo County, Maine, broken down by municipality, from 1900 to 2000.
Like most areas of New England, Waldo County is (and has been at all times since well before the 20th century) entirely divided into incorporated municipalities. There is no unincorporated territory. For any census, adding up the totals for each municipality should yield the county total. 
There are two types of incorporated municipalities in Maine, towns and cities. The tables below differentiate between towns and cities. 
For more information on the New England municipal system, see New England town.
Corporate changes since 1900.
There have been no changes in Waldo County’s municipality roster since 1900.
1900.
County Total: 24,185
1910.
County Total: 23,383
1920.
County Total: 21,328 
1930.
County Total: 20,286
1940.
County Total: 21,159 
1950.
County Total: 21,687
1960.
County Total: 22,632
1970.
County Total: 23,328
1980.
County Total: 28,414
1990.
County Total: 33,018
2000.
County Total: 36,280

</doc>
<doc id="9759690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759690" title="William Larrabee (Indiana)">
William Larrabee (Indiana)

William Henry Larrabee (February 21, 1870 – November 16, 1960) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
Early life.
Larrabee was born on a farm near Crawfordsville, Indiana. He attended the public schools, Indiana Central Normal School at Danville, and Indiana State Normal School at Terre Haute. He taught in public schools at New Palestine, from 1889 until 1895, then attended Indiana School of Medicine at Indianapolis until 1898, and commenced the practice of medicine and surgery in New Palestine.
Political career.
Larrabee served as the secretary of Hancock County Board of Health in 1917-18, and on the city council of New Palestine, 1916-20. In 1930 he was elected to Congress as a Democrat, serving until January 3, 1943. In Congress, he served as chairman of the Committee on the Census (Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Congresses) and the Committee on Education (Seventy-fifth through Seventy-seventh Congresses)
After losing the 1942 election, he resumed the practice of medicine and surgery. Larrabee died in New Palestine and is buried in New Palestine Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9759695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759695" title="Basilica of San Lorenzo, Milan">
Basilica of San Lorenzo, Milan

The Basilica of San Lorenzo Maggiore is an important place of catholic worship located in Milan, within the ring of canals, originally built in Roman times and subsequently rebuilt several times over a number of centuries. Located close to the mediaeval Ticino gate, it is one of the oldest churches in Milan. It's nearby the city park called Basilicas Park, which includes both the Basilica of San Lorenzo and the Basilica of Sant'Eustorgio, as well as the Roman Colonne di San Lorenzo.
Origins.
The basilica was built between the late fourth and early fifth centuries. The exact date is uncertain, as are the name of who commissioned it and the circumstances of its foundation. According to some scholars San Lorenzo was erected to coincide with the “Basilica Portiana”, which was built by the “Augusto of the West” (Valentinian I or Valentinian II) to please the Bishop of Milan Aussenzzio (355-372) of the Arian faith. If this were to be true, San Lorenzo would have preceded the foundation of the four Ambrosian basilicas. Supporting this proposition is the fact that the Basilica Portiana, cited in many sources that were quoting the struggle of Ambrose to remove it from the Arians, has never been identified with certainty by archaeologists.
A second proposition gives the date of the foundation of the church to a later period, between 390 and 402, and attributes its commissioning to Theodosius I or Stilicho. Evidence for this proposition comes from archaeological investigations carried out between 2002 and 2004. Supporters of this view are divided as to the function of the building; for some it is an imperial basilica that would have confirmed the role of Milan as the imperial capital of the West, in rivalry with Rome and Constantinople; for others it is a mausoleum for the Theodosian dynasty.
What is certain is that at the time of its construction the basilica was the largest, centrally planned building in the West. The dedication of the temple to St. Laurence (San Lorenzo) the martyr has been certified only from 590, when Milan was already controlled by the Lombards.
The Mediaeval Period and the Renaissance.
The subsequent centuries were for the basilica, as for Milan and for Italy, a period of decline. Nevertheless, San Lorenzo maintained a leading role in the city's liturgy: as the highest place in Milan it came to represent the Mount of Olives and on Palm Sunday the bishop blessed the palms and led the procession that from there entered the city and reached the basilica of Santa Tecla.
The eleventh and twelfth centuries were marked by numerous disasters: fires, in particular the terrible “fire of the Stork”, that in 1071 devoured the basilica, devastating the internal decorations, and earthquakes, that undermined the stability of the complex, to the point of making it necessary to undertake new restorations between the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. Towards the middle of the eleventh century, the open space behind the basilica, called Vetra, was used as the place of executions: this practice continued until 1840 and was reported, amongst others, by Alessandro Manzoni in the history of the infamous column. With the construction of the mediaeval walls in 1167, the basilica was to be found within the city, at the new Porta Ticinese (Ticinese gate).
Recent and Contemporary Times.
If throughout the Middle Ages the basilica of San Lorenzo remained a symbol of the legacy of the Roman Empire in Milan, especially after the destruction of the other remains in 1154 by Barbarossa, in the Renaissance the temple became a symbol of the lost classical canons sought by the humanists, and studied by amongst others Bramante, and Leonardo and Giuliano da Sangallo. Pictorial references are to be found in various paintings of the period.
On 5 June 1573 the dome of the basilica collapsed unexpectedly, fortunately without causing any casualties. The works to construct a new dome in the style of the time began immediately and were completed in 1619. During the reconstruction there was a miraculous event, predicted by Archbishop Carlo Borromeo: one year after his death in 1585, a sick woman was cured in front of a painting of the Madonna del Latte, displayed on the Piazza della Vetra. Following this event, donations increased rapidly enabling more rapid progress in the works of reconstruction. In 1626, on completion of all the projects, the painting of the Madonna del Latte was transferred to the high altar where it remains to this day.
In the 1830s the Austrian Government began a redevelopment of the Vetra: houses built leaning against the basilica and inhabited by tanners were demolished; the channel of the Vetra was covered over; and executions were abolished. After the bombings of 1944-1945 the houses that had been destroyed were not rebuilt enabling the park of the basilicas to be created, from which there is an excellent view of the complex. In 1934 in place of the demolished houses a sort of a courtyard was formed, with the creation of a public square opposite the basilica.
Art and Architecture.
The basilica, perhaps to avoid the unstable and marshy ground, was built on an artificial hill not far from the walls, along the Via Ticinensis, the main access route to the city, and not far from the Imperial Palace and the amphitheatre, from which were taken some of the materials used in constructing the temple itself. The complex was surrounded by various waterways, coming together to form the Vettabbia, the canal that takes away the waters of Milan, which still flow towards the agricultural areas to the south of the city.
The building was developed around a central plan approached by a four-sided portico and surrounded by two connected structures. Access to the portico was through a colonnade which in turn gave access to three portals leading to the main body of the building. This consisted of a square hall inscribed as a building with four apses, whose semicircular hollows overhung by semi-cupolas were articulated by four columns. Around this space ran the ambulatory surmounted by a space later used as a women's gallery. At the four corners of the building stood as many towers in a square plan. The whole was topped by a dome of which we know little, this having been lost. The interior was lit by large windows, and probably decorated with marble in the lower parts and with mosaics in the vaults and arches. Of the two side buildings, the smaller was in the east, opposite the entrance: a chapel in the shape of a Greek cross, later on octagonal, dedicated to St Hippolytus. The larger building was to the south, having the function of the imperial mausoleum: tradition attributing its foundation to Galla Placidia, which is why the sacellum took on the name of the chapel of the Queen.
Between 489 and 511 Bishop Lorenzo had a third structure built to the north, a chapel dedicated to St Sixtus, to be used for the burial of metropolitans. Perhaps in this period after Roman authority in Italy had diminished, the mausoleum to the south of the basilica was transformed into a chapel dedicated to St Genesius the martyr. By the sixth century, on the east wall, opposite the entrance, two portals were opened giving access to two local apses.
In the tenth century, probably in the Ottonian era, there followed some restructuring, possibly involving the participation of a Byzantine workforce who had retained knowledge of the classical techniques of construction and decoration. Little is known regarding these restorations, but it is assumed that the cupola (dome) had been reconstructed using pipes made of terracotta, making it lighter than the previous one, perhaps already damaged to the extent of justifying a reconstruction. After the disasters of the eleventh century, the restorations of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries focused on providing stability to the whole complex, rebuilding the pillars that supported the cupola and carrying out other interventions on the load-bearing structures (columns, towers). In this period there was added a lantern supported by flying buttresses leaning against the towers, above the cupola. In the fifteenth century in the hall of the apse in the south east, already refashioned in the eleventh century, the chapel of the Citizens was created.
After the collapse of 1573 the construction of a new cupola was entrusted to the architect, Martino Bassi. His collaboration with Rinaldi, Meda and Trezzi resulted in numerous changes to the project which was only completed in 1619. On the initiative of Archbishop Carlo Borromeo, the chapel of St Genesius was rededicated to St Aquilino, whose relics were placed in the chapel; to its sides were added two chapels, dedicated to St John the Baptist and the Holy Family. In 1623, at the wish of Archbishop Federico Borromeo there began the construction of the chapter house to the side of the courtyard, a project carried out by the architects Aurelio Trezzi and Francesco Maria Richino; the construction was completed in 1626.
In 1713 there was built, at the initiative of Francesco Croce, the Chapel of Redemption between those of St Aquilino and the Holy Family (now converted into a sacristry).
In 1894 there was completed under the engineer and architect Cesare Nava a vestibule in front of the church, consisting of three ionic arches in stone-like cement. In 1934 the houses that had sprung up in the courtyard were demolished, and in their place the following year was positioned a bronze statue of Constantine the Great, a copy of an original late antiquity preserved in Rome in San Giovanni in Laterano; the courtyard was opened to form a public square.
Pipe Organ.
On the face of the women's gallery to the right of the apse is to be found the pipe organ, built by the Milanese organ builder Pietro Bernasconi, re-using materials from the organ constructed in 1840 by Felice Bossi; he in turn had re-used parts from an earlier organ, restored in 1820 by Antonio Brunelli II and probably originally from the church of San Giovanni in Conca.
The instrument, with a fully mechanical transmission, has its console situated at the centre of the organ case, comprising two manuals (keyboards) each of 61 notes (Great Organ, first manual; Second Organ, second manual), with a first extensive chromatic octave and a pedal board of 24 notes. The case, with its three arched façade, presents a display of 29 pipes of the Principal 8' arranged in three groups, one for each of the three arches, with the mitred mouths of the pipes aligned. Following on, the layout of the organ is arranged according to the position of the mechanisms that control the various stops in the columns of the stops either side of the console (at the left of the console the Second Organ; at the right the Great Organ and Pedal).
Column to the left of the console – Second Organ.
Tromba dolce 8'
Voce tremula 8' Treble
Viola I 4' Bass
Violin I 4' Treble
Viola II 4' Bass
Violin II 4' Treble
Voce flebile Treble
Flute in VIII 4'
Column to the left of the registry – Concert.
Bassoon Bass
Trumpet Treble 
Clarion Bass
Clarinet Treble
Trumpet Bass
English horn Treble
Contra Oboe Treble
Contra Oboe Bass
Flute Treble
Viola Bass
Flute in VIII Bass
Flute in VIII Treble
Piccolo Treble
Open twelfth Treble
Principal cornet Treble
Vox humana Treble
Violine 8' (on the pedals)
Kettledrum (on the pedals)
Bombarde 16' (on the pedals)
Column to the right of the registry – Full.
Principal 16' Bass
Principal 16' Treble
Principal I 8' Bass
Principal I 8' Treble
Principal II 8' Bass
Principal II 8' Treble
Octave 4' Bass
Octave 4' Treble
Open twelfth 2⅔' Bass
Open twelfth 2⅔' Treble
Super octave 2'
Octave twelfth 1½'
Octave fifteenth 1'
Mixture I
Mixture II
Mixture III
Bass viols and octave 16'+8' (on the pedals
Bass viols II 16' (on the pedals)
Coupler IP
Coupler II-I
Third hand
Chapel of Saint Aquilino.
Other chapels were added to the original edifice. Notable is the octagonal Capella di Sant'Aquilino (chapel of St. Aquilino), adjoining the main church to the south. The chapel, which may have originally been built as an imperial Roman mausoleum, features important 4th century Paleochristian mosaics. Among the mosaics is included a formulaic depiction of Jesus, as "Christ the Lawgiver" ("Traditio Legis" - "handing over the law") or possibly "Christ the teacher." Jesus is seated on a throne, flanked by a "school" of his Apostles, with a scroll box at his feet. The chapel was later dedicated to the martyr Saint Aquilino of Milan (or Saint Aquilinus of Cologne), with his remains being housed in the chapel. A 17th century reliquary ark for the saint was crafted by Lombardian architect Carlo Garavaglia (flourished 1634-1635). The fresco "The Rediscovery of Saint Aquilinus of Cologne's Corpse", by Carlo Urbino, decorates the wall behind the main altar in the Sant'Aquilino chapel.
Colonne di San Lorenzo.
The square facing the basilica features the so-called "Colonne di San Lorenzo" (Columns of St. Lawrence), one of the few remains of the Roman "Mediolanum", dating from the 3rd century AD and probably belonging to the large baths built by the emperor Maximian. They were carried in the current place when the basilica construction was finished.
Chronology of the Provosts (Parish Priests).
The parish priest of San Lorenzo has long held the position of provost. The complete list of provosts is not known; the following names are derived from a list compiled from studies undertaken by the priest A. Baruffaldi, carved in marble and placed in the basilica itself. Among them were two Archbishops and one Pope.
The apse area of the ancient basilica is now a park. Previously the area was occupied by a channel or a lake (probably with a port), while later it was used in public executions, one of which is recounted in Alessandro Manzoni's "Storia della Colonna Infame".

</doc>
<doc id="9759698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759698" title="Live in Europe 1993">
Live in Europe 1993

Live in Europe 1993 (alternative title: "On Tour MCMXCIII") is a live box set containing two concerts recorded by Deep Purple in 1993.
The first recording is from a show on 16 October at the Schleyerhalle in Stuttgart, Germany. The second is from a show at the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham, England on 9 November, which would be the final show Ritchie Blackmore did with Deep Purple in England.
The live album "Come Hell or High Water" from 1994 was recorded at this Stuttgart show. The Birmingham show was released on DVD as "Come Hell or High Water" in 1994.
The second concert was subsequently re-released in 2007 under the title "Live at the NEC". Ian Gillan advised fans not to buy this release, describing the performance as one of the band's worst.
Track listings.
All songs written by Ritchie Blackmore, Ian Gillan, Roger Glover, Jon Lord and Ian Paice, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="9759719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759719" title="Leeds Outer Ring Road">
Leeds Outer Ring Road

The Leeds Outer Ring Road is a main road that runs around most of the perimeter of the city of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The ring road is approximately long and consists of single and dual carriageways. Hence the road is not a loop and so is not a true ring road, although it is designated as such.
The road begins in Belle Isle and ends in Colton at junction 46 of the M1 motorway. It begins in Belle Isle as an un-numbered road and goes through to Beeston. It is then designated the A6110 between Beeston and Bramley a dual carriageway, before running concurrently with the Stanningley By-Pass A647 also a dual carriageway but with grade separated junctions. 
For the rest of the way between Farsley and Colton the road is the A6120 and it is a mixture of single and dual carriageway as far as Austhorpe. The ring road becomes the A63 road following a short concurrency and ends in Colton. 
There are future proposals for the complete dualling of the congested Outer Ring Road but they are not priority in the Leeds Transport Plan.
Ring Road names.
The road name of the ring road reflects the district it passes through. The table below states the name of the ring road and the number of carriageways in each district.
"As A6110"
"As A6120"

</doc>
<doc id="9759738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759738" title="Stathis Psaltis">
Stathis Psaltis

Stathis Psaltis (; born February 27, 1951, in Velo, Korinthia) is a Greek cinema, TV and theatre comedian. He is mostly famous for starring in many 1980s films.

</doc>
<doc id="9759739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759739" title="2001 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2001 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2001 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 8–11, 2001 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Georgia Dome. Duke won the tournament for the third year in a row, defeating arch-rival North Carolina in the championship game. Duke's Shane Battier won the tournament's Most Valuable Player award.
Duke went on to win the NCAA Championship in the following weeks. It was their third national championship in school history. Duke defeated ACC rival Maryland in the Final Four. Duke also defeated Maryland in the ACC semifinal round.
The 2001 ACC Tournament Championship Game pitted the #1 and #2 seeds against each other for the second consecutive year.
The 2001 edition of the ACC Tournament was the first one held in the Georgia Dome. The tournament had been held in Atlanta before at The Omni. The tournament returned to the Georgia Dome in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9759749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759749" title="East Bristol Jazz Club">
East Bristol Jazz Club

East Bristol Jazz Club is based in Bristol, UK and was formed in 2001 with the aim of supporting and bringing new jazz and new musicians to the Bristol community.
The club had a residency at Seymours Club near Old Market before it moved to St George in 2006. It moved to The Cross Hands in Fishponds in 2007 and then to The Greenbank in Easton where it has been based since November 2009. The club runs regular 'jam' nights each month, usually the second Monday, and is being run by a number of notable local musicians including vocalist Nick Langston, keyboard player John Lambert, vocalist Will Grealish, saxophonist Simon Greening and trumpet player Walter Dirks.
The jam nights and other special events feature a broad cross-section of Bristol's jazz musicians and occasional guests including Dennis Rollins, Gilad Atzmon and Sotho Sounds. Special events have also included notable local musicians such as Dave Mowat (trumpet) and James Morton (saxophone) and performances by respected vocalists including Kizzy Morrell, Emma Hutchinson, Nick Langston and Will Grealish. The current rhythm section includes John Lambert on keyboards with occasional appearances by Dale Hambridge, Valere Speranza on bass with occasional appearances by Jon Short and guest drummers including Greg White.
The band 'Mood Indigo' which features EBJC members including Will Grealish, Robbie Tabrett, John Lambert and Jim Pimpernell performed at the 2008 Miri International Jazz Festival. Some of the members were also featured on vocalist Nick Langston's 2008 album 'Captivated'. Nick Langston also had two performances at Glastonbury 2010.
Members of the club have also been responsible for the 'King Cotton' workshops and performances marking the abolition of the slave trade.

</doc>
<doc id="9759779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759779" title="Mike Montler">
Mike Montler

Michael R. Montler (born January 11, 1944) was an American football offensive lineman who played ten seasons in the American Football League and in the National Football League for the Boston/New England Patriots, Buffalo Bills, Denver Broncos, and the Detroit Lions.
University of Colorado.
Montler played college football at the University of Colorado where he was All-American in 1968.
Buffalo Bills.
In 1973, his fifth year in the NFL, he became the starting center of the Bills, replacing Remi Prudhomme, splitting time with Bruce Jarvis, centering between Reggie McKenzie at left guard and Hall-of-Famer Joe DeLamielleure at right guard, for a fine 9-5 team, when O.J. Simpson became the first running back to rush for over 2,000 yards. In 1974, Montler won the job away from Jarvis, starting in all 14 games for another 9-5 season. The Bills lost ground in 1975 with a won-lost record of 8-6, despite having the best offense in the entire NFL with 420 points (30.0 points/game). For the second year in a row, Montler played all 14 games between McKenzie and DeLamielleure in the stout middle of the Bills offensive line. Although the same trio played together in all 14 games in 1976, the team sagged to 2-12, an offense worth 20th place in scoring and a defense 24th in points allowed. Things had to change. Montler was replaced by 5-year pro Willie Parker (offensive lineman).
Denver Broncos and Detroit Lions.
And so Montler became the starting center for the Denver Broncos in 1977 for all 14 games and the Detroit Lions in 1978, but only in 4 games.

</doc>
<doc id="9759806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759806" title="Trevor Lee">
Trevor Lee

Trevor Lee is an Australian architect who has directed himself to energy issues in the built environment since his graduation with honours from the University of Melbourne in 1976. From 1985 to 1989, he was the "Senior Architect for Energy Management" of Australia's Department of Construction. From 1989 until 1995 he served as editor of "Solar Progress", the quarterly journal of the Australian and New Zealand Solar Energy Society, (ANZSES), and from 1996 to 1998 was honorary chair of that organisation.
Lee was also a founding Director and later Vice-President of the Sustainable Energy Industry Association which merged with kindred organisations in 2001 to become the Business Council For Sustainable Energy. From 1991 to 2003, he has also served as an executive Director of Australian Ethical Investment Ltd, manager of unit trust and superannuation funds now totalling over $400 million. Lee has been associated with Energy Strategies through their joint firm Energy Partners since 1990.
Trevor Lee is also co-author of the "Australian Solar Radiation Data Handbook", which was fully revised in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9759822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759822" title="Hallucination Recordings">
Hallucination Recordings

Hallucination Recordings is a record label that was originally co-founded by Monk and David Christophere as a platform to release their music as Rabbit in the Moon. Hallucination, with the current leadership and A & R of DJ¹s Three and Monk, has since moved on to include several other artists, including Jackal & Hyde, Beautiful Confusion, Soulrider, Second-Hand Satellites, Reverse Commuter, House Wrecka and Pimp Juice. [http://www.residentadvisor.net/label_view.asp?ID=269]

</doc>
<doc id="9759828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759828" title="European Commissioner for Education, Culture, Multilingualism and Youth">
European Commissioner for Education, Culture, Multilingualism and Youth

The Commissioner for Education, Culture, Multilingualism and Youth is a member of the European Commission. The current commissioner is Androulla Vassiliou.
The portfolio is responsible for policies in education and training, youth, sport, civil society, culture, translation, interpretation and relations with the Office for Official Publications of the European Communities.
Current commissioner.
Commissioner Ján Figeľ was approved by the European Parliament in 2004 as the "European Commissioner for Education, Training, Culture and Multilingualism". This was enlarged since the Prodi Commission with the addition of "training and multilingualism" (The Directorate-General is still just Directorate-General for Education and Culture).
However when Romania joined the European Union on 1 January 2007 responsibility for multilingualism was handed over to the new Romanian commissioner, Leonard Orban. In its place the portfolio now also includes youth, sport and civil society. Figeľ describes his position is very orientated to "the citizens and their quality of life".
The Commission has become increasingly active in education. The ERASMUS programme, which was established in 1987, is a student exchange programme promoting mobility of students between European universities. The Bologna process aims to create a European Higher Education Area where academic qualifications can be recognised across Europe. The European Institute of Technology is a proposed research university.
List of commissioners.
The previous portfolio to the current was Culture, merged with Audiovisual policy and EP relations.

</doc>
<doc id="9759829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759829" title="Lowthorpe">
Lowthorpe

Lowthorpe is a village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north-east of Driffield town centre and south-west of Bridlington town centre.
It lies south-east of the A614 road and just north-west of the Yorkshire Coast railway line from Hull to Scarborough. Lowthorpe railway station served the village until it closed on 5 January 1970.
It forms part of the civil parish of Harpham.
The church dedicated to St Martin was designated in 1966 by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9759835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759835" title="Metal (Annihilator album)">
Metal (Annihilator album)

Metal is the twelfth studio album by the Canadian thrash metal band Annihilator. It was released on April 16, 2007. However, it wasn't released in the United States until January 15, 2008. Waters gathered many famous guest musicians for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9759849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759849" title="Teakettler">
Teakettler

The Teakettler (Urocyon iugulebesonia) is a legendary creature from American folklore with origins in lumberjack culture, specifically the lumber camps of Minnesota and Wisconsin. It is part of a group of similar folklore creatures known collectively as Fearsome Critters. Overall, it resembles a small stubby legged dog with the ears of a cat. It gets its name from the sound it makes, which is akin to that of a boiling tea kettle. It only walks backwards (by choice) and steam issues from its mouth as it makes its whistle. Only a few lumberjacks have seen one, as they are very shy, but if a boiling kettle is heard and nowhere to be found, it is sure that a Teakettler is nearby.
An account is given by Jorge Luis Borges under "Fauna of the United States" in "Book of Imaginary Beings" (1957). 

</doc>
<doc id="9759853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759853" title="Stephen Truelove">
Stephen Truelove

Stephen Nathan Truelove (born 26 September 1946) is an American composer, teacher, and pianist.
Life.
Truelove was born in Hobart, Oklahoma, and studied composition at the University of Tulsa, where he received an M.M. in 1970. He attended the Naropa Institute in 1974 and 1975, and the Darmstadt Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Musik in 1982 where he participated in Herbert Henck’s piano master class. In 1984 he completed a DMA in piano performance at the University of Oklahoma, with a dissertation on Karlheinz Stockhausen's "Klavierstück XI", a score whose sketches he had researched in the composer’s archive in 1980 (Truelove 1998, 190).
Musical style.
His compositions include music for solo and duo piano, orchestra, song cycles, choral music, chamber music, music for ballet, music for film, electronic and computer music, improvisational scores, and a mixed-media chamber opera, "Flowers and Butterflies". A work for soprano, narrator, clarinet, piano, and mixed media, "Father Sun/Mother Earth", was extracted from the chamber opera in 1993 (Druhan 2003, 22 & 119).
His musical style is eclectic, with elements recalling Stravinsky, Shostakovich, Moisei Vainberg, George Antheil, Morton Feldman, and Giacinto Scelsi, amongst others (Nordin [n.d.]).
He won First Prize The New Music Forum of Houston Composition Competition 1986, and a Silver Medal in the 1983 International Piano Recording Competition. Truelove has taught piano and composition at Southern Oregon University.

</doc>
<doc id="9759854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759854" title="John O'Banion">
John O'Banion

John O'Banion (16 February 1947 – 14 February 2007) was an American vocalist and actor. 
Early career.
He was born in Kokomo, Indiana in 1947 and was performing in theater by the age of 13 as well as in a local Indiana band Hog Honda & the Chain Guards. By age 15, he hosted his own radio show on WIOU and had hosted his own local television show by age 20.
Recording and acting career.
John was the lead singer in Doc Severinsen's band, "Today's Children". He was managed by Bud Robinson, also Doc's manager. They parted ways in early 1974. O'Banion said that Johnny Carson was a big fan and supporter of his career. John made five appearances on Carson's "Tonight Show", as many on Merv Griffin's and Mike Douglas' shows. He also appeared on American Bandstand, Solid Gold, and was the winning singer of the pilot of Star Search. 
His song "Love You Like I Never Loved Before" was a hit single in 1981, making it to #24 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. O'Banion won the prestigious Tokyo Music Festival Award in 1982, with "I Don't Want To Lose Your Love", later sung by Crystal Gayle on her 1983 album "Cage The Songbird", achieving as a single release, the #2 spot on Billboard's country music chart. John also got the attention of his Japanese fans with two songs written and sung for the samurai/fantasy epic movie Legend of the Eight Samurai, with those songs being "I Don't Want This Night To End" (called Satomi Hakken Den in Japan) and "White Light".
He also appeared in the films "Borderline" with Charles Bronson, TV movie "Courage" with Sophia Loren and Billy Dee Williams and starred in the 1990 independent film "The Judas Project". In 1995 he released an album with jazz cover versions of such contemporary hits, such as "I'm Not in Love" (10CC), "What You Won't Do For Love" (Bobby Caldwell) and the title track "Hearts" (Marty Balin).
Death.
Just two days before his 60th birthday, O'Banion died of blunt force trauma as a result of being hit by a car while touring in New Orleans, Louisiana in the early 90s. He died at his home in Los Angeles, California surrounded by friends and family. He had been battling the long term effects received as a result of the trauma to the head following the incident in New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="9759866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759866" title="Pimpernel and Rosemary">
Pimpernel and Rosemary

Pimpernel and Rosemary is a novel by Baroness Emmuska Orczy, originally published in 1924. It is set after the First World War and features Peter Blakeney, a descendant of the Scarlet Pimpernel (Percy Blakeney). 
The action is mainly set amongst the disaffected Hungarian nobility in Transylvania, allowing Orczy to draw on her knowledge of Hungarian history and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="9759878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759878" title="Hessenpark">
Hessenpark

The Hessenpark is an open air museum in Neu-Anspach (near Wehrheim-Obernhain), Hesse, Germany. It was founded in 1974 by the Hesse State Government headed by Albert Osswald (SPD).
The museum showcases half-timbered buildings from the land of Hesse. As of 2006, there were almost 100 houses on display.
The Hessenpark is a popular family destination.

</doc>
<doc id="9759884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759884" title="Avey Tare &amp; Kría Brekkan">
Avey Tare &amp; Kría Brekkan

Avey Tare & Kría Brekkan are Dave Portner of Animal Collective and Kristín Anna Valtýsdóttir, formerly of múm. The two started playing music together in the summer of 2005 and shortly after they were married. The two are currently separated, making another release unlikely.

</doc>
<doc id="9759918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759918" title="Boy Gets Girl">
Boy Gets Girl

Boy Gets Girl is a 2000 play by Rebecca Gilman. The play received its first production at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. 
"Boy Gets Girl" uses the story of what happens when a blind date turns into a living nightmare to examine stalking, sexism and the nature of the idea of romantic pursuit. Theresa Bedell is a smart, successful woman in her 30s, who writes for an upscale literary New York magazine. She is utterly devoted to her work and struggles with relationships.
Production history.
"Boy Gets Girl" was first performed at the Goodman Theatre, on March 13, 2000. The cast was as follows:
Plot.
A friend sets Theresa up on a blind date with a nice guy named Tony who works in the computer industry. It is awkward, but not too awkward as Theresa accepts a second date. (They even find a couple things in common such as both being from the Midwest.) By the end of this date, she realizes that he is not right for her and politely excuses herself from the date. Tony continues to intrude further into Theresa’s life, with unexpected visits to Theresa’s office and unsettling phone messages at her home. Theresa starts to worry as she realizes that Tony knows where she lives. At her co-worker's urging, she calls the police, but when Officer Beck investigates, Theresa realizes there is not much that the police can do. Beck suggests moving out of her apartment and changing her name. Despite all her efforts to avoid him by hiding in her work and opening up to her colleagues, she eventually realizes that he has and will always have control over her life. She eventually loses everything, including her identity, humanity, and will, as she changes her name and moves out of New York City to Denver, a shadow of the woman she once was.
Rebecca Gilman on Tony.
"With "Boy Gets Girl" I felt that Tony would become scarier if we didn’t see him. So if he was somehow out there, our imagination of him and of what he had become would be a lot scarier than the reality of him especially because I wanted him to be played by a very likeable actor." 

</doc>
<doc id="9759938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759938" title="Interstate 80 in Indiana">
Interstate 80 in Indiana

Interstate 80 in the U.S. state of Indiana consists entirely of the following two highways:

</doc>
<doc id="9759979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759979" title="USS Yellowstone (AD-27)">
USS Yellowstone (AD-27)

USS "Yellowstone" (AD-27) was a named for Yellowstone National Park, the second United States Navy vessel to bear the name.
"Yellowstone" laid down on 16 October 1944 at Tacoma, Washington by the Seattle Division of the Todd-Pacific Shipyards, Inc.; launched on 12 April 1945; sponsored by Mrs. F. A. Zeusler, the wife of Capt. F. A. Zeusler, USCG, the District Coast Guard Officer of the 13th Naval District; and commissioned on 16 January 1946, Captain J. A. Ferrall, Jr., in command.
Service history.
After shakedown training out of San Diego and repairs at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard to correct minor deficiencies which appeared during her initial cruise, "Yellowstone" operated in the Seattle, Washington area into March 1946. She departed Seattle on the last day of the month, transited the Panama Canal on 11 April, and arrived at Newport, Rhode Island on the 20th to take up her duties tending destroyers of the Atlantic Fleet. "Yellowstone" performed faithful service to the Fleet for the next 28 years, providing repair, supply, and auxiliary services (i.e., power and fresh water) not only to destroyers (the purpose for which she was designed) but also to aircraft carriers and submarines. In time, this valuable adjunct to the fleet earned a reputation for reliability and dependability that caused some to nickname her "Old Faithful," after the famous geyser in Yellowstone National Park. The destroyer tender also earned the coveted battle efficiency "E" award 10 times.
"Yellowstone" was deployed to the Mediterranean Sea 11 times between 1947 and 1968. Her ports of operation ranged from Izmir, Turkey to Naples, Italy; from Venice to Taranto; from Souda Bay on the Island of Crete to Gibraltar; and included cities in Spain, France, Italy, and Greece. In between her deployments with the 6th Fleet, the destroyer tender operated out of Boston, Newport, Norfolk, Bermuda, Mayport, Florida.
Her tasks were performed mostly unheralded and far from the public eye but were necessary to maintain the ships of the Fleet in operational trim. In October 1969 she performed a noteworthy repair job when she replaced 1,162 tubes in the number one propulsion boiler of as that ship was preparing to deploy to the Mediterranean. Working against the destroyer's deadline, "Yellowstone"s skilled artisans accomplished the task in only 12 days and thus allowed her to get underway on time. Soon thereafter, "Yellowstone" deployed to the Mediterranean for the 12th and last time. She arrived at Naples on 9 December 1969 and, before long, found herself with another difficult, major repair task ahead of her. She replaced the starboard propeller of the , a job that normally required a dry-docking. Repair, supply, and deck divisions of both ships participated in the evolution that earned "Yellowstone" a commendation.
A little more than a month later, the tender's talent was once again subjected to a rigorous test. On 10 February 1970 at Naples, the Greek registry freighter "Mautric" collided with "Yellowstone" and the tender's nest of destroyers. The , the , and the all suffered extensive hull and structural damage, but "Yellowstone" worked nearly 24-hour shifts from 13 to 22 February and effected the necessary repairs. Capt. R. D. Wood, commanding "Yellowstone", and Senior Chief Ship Fitter William S. Burman received Navy commendation medals for heading the exemplary repair work that soon had all ships back in operational condition.
After a brief in-port period at Piraeus, Greece from 18 March to 5 April, "Yellowstone" returned to Naples, where she subsequently performed her second underwater propeller replacement of the deployment on the . The repair ship sailed for home in mid-May and arrived at Mayport, Florida on 1 June. One month later, on 1 July, the ship's home port was changed from Mayport to Charleston, South Carolina. The destroyer tender provided services to ships of Cruiser-Destroyer Flotilla (CruDesFlot) 6 into January 1971. At the end of that month, she sailed for Puerto Rico and took part in "Springboard" exercises before returning to Charleston on 16 February. That spring, when the Commander, CruDesFlot 6, embarked with the to deploy to the 6th Fleet, "Yellowstone"s commanding officer became the administrative deputy to the Charleston representative of Commander, CruDesFlot 6. In that role, he coordinated local pier assignments; arranged for tug and tow services; made military guard ship and pier sentry assignments; scheduled ship tours; provided information and assistance to dependents; and represented the destroyer force at meetings of numerous naval station, base, and district advisory boards and committees.
"Yellowstone" remained in port at Charleston into 1973. Among the noteworthy events that occurred that year was the ship's nomination to receive the Ney Award, recognizing the ship's outstanding food service mess, as the nominee of the Commander, Cruiser Destroyer Force, Atlantic Fleet. After 28 years of continuous service to the Fleet (the last few years of which were spent along the eastern seaboard of the United States) "Yellowstone" was decommissioned on 11 September 1974. Struck from the Naval Vessel Register the next day and subsequently transferred to the Maritime Administration for disposal, the veteran auxiliary was sold for scrapping in September 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9759981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759981" title="Pablo Morillo">
Pablo Morillo

Pablo Morillo y Morillo, Count of Cartagena and Marquess of La Puerta, aka El Pacificador (The Pacifier) (Fuentesecas, Zamora, Spain, May 5, 1775 – Barèges, France, July 27, 1837) was a Spanish general.
In 1791 Morillo enlisted in the Real Cuerpo de Marina (Spanish Royal Marine Corps) and participated in the Battle of Trafalgar in which he was wounded and made prisoner by the English in 1805. He also fought against Napoleon Bonaparte in 1808 during the Peninsular War (part of Napoleonic Wars) to defend his mother country Spain against the French invasion. Once the war ended and the Spanish monarchy was restored, King Ferdinand VII of Spain appointed him Expedition Commander and General Captain of the Provinces of Venezuela on August 14, 1814. He set sail with a fleet of 18 warships and 42 cargo ships and disembarked in Carupano and Isla Margarita with the mission to pacify the revolts against the Spanish monarchy in the American colonies. He travelled to La Guaira, Caracas, Puerto Cabello and Cartagena de Indias (United Provinces of New Granada) in a military campaign to fight Simon Bolívar's revolutionary armies.
On August 22, 1815, Morillo surrounded the walled city of Cartagena and put it under siege, preventing any supplies from going in until December 6 of this same year when the Spanish Royal Army entered the city. With control over Cartagena, Morillo returned to Venezuela to continue the fight against revolutionaries. In June 1820 Morillo ordered under Royal mandate that everyone in the colonies obeyed the Cadiz Constitution and sent delegates to negotiate with Bolivar and his followers. Bolivar and Morillo later met in the Venezuelan town of Santa Ana and signed a truce first for six months and later a second one named "War Regularization".
Morillo returned to Spain, was named General Captain of New Castile, and supported the Liberal Constitution during the Liberal Triennium. He prevented a coup against the Constitution in 1822, and fought in 1823 the French invasion under Louis-Antoine, Duke of Angoulême in the north of Spain, where he was defeated.
When King Ferdinand VII restored the absolute regime in 1823 he went to France. A few years later, he returned to Spain and participated in some military operations during the Carlist Wars. He felt ill and went back to France where he died on July 27, 1837.
Quotes.
When Morillo ordered the execution of the scientist Francisco José de Caldas (known as "El Sabio Caldas", "Wise Caldas") and the people present at San Francisco Square of Santa Fe appealed for the life of the scientist, Morillo responded: "Spain does not need wise people." ("Spanish:"España no necesita sabios""). This sentence became the slogan of Spain's wars for the re-conquest of the rebel colonies.

</doc>
<doc id="9759992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9759992" title="Revelations (Santana song)">
Revelations (Santana song)

"Revelations" is an instrumental song by Carlos Santana that was originally released on the album "Festival". The song starts with solo piano, then more instruments are added, such as electric guitar, strings, and different types of drums. As the song progresses, the tempo and volume increase, and more guitars are layered upon each other. At the end, Santana uses his Wah pedal, one of the few effects he is known to use throughout his career. The song was written by Santana and keyboardist Tom Coster.

</doc>
