<doc id="9888352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888352" title="Bottle pool">
Bottle pool

Bottle pool, also known as bottle-billiards and bottle pocket billiards, is a hybrid billiards game combining aspects of both carom billiards and pocket billiards. Played on a standard pool table, the game uses just two , a cue ball, and a 6¾ inch (168 mm) tall, narrow-necked bottle called a or tally bottle, traditionally made from leather, that is placed on the table and used as a target for . Those unfamiliar with the game sometimes mistakenly use its name as a synonym for the very different game of kelly pool. Bottle pool has been described as combining "elements of billiards, straight pool and chess under a set of rules that lavishly rewards strategic shot making and punishes mistakes with Sisyphean point reversals."
Although bottle pool's origins remain obscure, tournament records and newspaper articles confirm that the game has been played since at least the late 19th century. A mention appears in an 1894 New York Times newspaper article announcing a 64 player tournament to be played at a certain Hanover Clubhouse in Brooklyn, New York. The game was more well known in the early-to-mid-20th century, during which references to it appear in numerous books and publications including Sinclair Lewis's "Main Street". It is also known to have been played by some notable individuals, such as world renowned quantum chemist and biochemist Linus Pauling.
Over time bottle pool developed an elitist image, its active play more commonly the province of gentlemen's clubs and select groups than patrons of billiard parlors. For instance, bottle pool is known to have had a dedicated following with faculty at the University of Michigan from 1911 until approximately 1999, and is the billiard game of choice at exclusive New York City enclaves such as the Racquet and Tennis Club and the Union Club.
Despite being one of a short group of non-championship games still detailed in the Official Rules and Records Book of the Billiard Congress of America, as of 2006, bottle pool was known only to be the billiard sport of general choice at a few New York City social clubs such as the two mentioned previously. A veteran member of both those clubs opined in 2006 that there were then fewer than 1,000 dedicated bottle pool players nationwide.
General rules (Billiard Congress of America).
Set up.
At the start of bottle pool, the shake bottle is placed inverted (neck down) on the at the geographic center of the of a pool table. The two object balls used are the 1 ball and the 2 ball. Viewed from the racker's vantage point, the 1 ball is to the on the immediately adjacent to the right corner pocket, and the 2 ball to the diamond on the foot rail immediately adjacent to the left corner pocket.
The player breaking starts with from the (behind the ) and must contact either of the two object balls in order to complete a legal break. The object of the game is to score "exactly" 31 points before any opponents, with a draconian penalty for overshooting that benchmark.
Scoring.
Points are scored in bottle pool in the following ways: 
All of the above scoring possibilities can be combined, meaning the maximum number of points available on a single stroke is nine, accomplished by caroming into and pocketing both object balls combined with knocking over the bottle with the cue ball. The winning shot in the game (other than one which rights the shake bottle) must bring a player's score to exactly 31. If a player overshoots that benchmark, known as a "burst" in the game's terminology, the amount of points 31 is overshot by becomes the player's new score. This means, for example, that if a player has 30 points and then scores 5 points (instead of the requisite 1 point) by caroming the cue ball off an object ball and into the bottle knocking it on its side, the player's score resets to four points.
When a player reaches exactly 31 points, he must announce this feat to all participants before the next player shoots a shot in order to be victorious. If this is not done, the player may not again invoke his winning score until his turn comes up again in rotation. If another player in the interim successfully scores exactly 31, and properly announces it, that player wins the game.
Illegal shots and fouls.
Any legally made scoring shot entitles a player to continue shooting. The penalty for a in the game is a loss of turn, any point scoring acts made on the same stroke are not counted, and 1 point is deducted from the player's total score. The incoming player after a foul accepts the table in position except if the cue ball is jumped off the table or a occurs, in which case the incoming player has from the . Three consecutive fouls in bottle pool results in a loss of game.
In addition to standard fouls defined in the General Rules for Pocket Billiards, such as scratches, , and others, the following are specifically defined fouls peculiar to bottle pool: the cue ball fails to touch an object ball; the cue ball touches the bottle before contacting an object ball; the bottle is knocked over by an object ball; and an object ball is pocketed on the same stroke as an illegal shot. Illegal shots which are "not fouls" unless a ball is pocketed on the same stroke (thus resulting in a loss of turn, no score, but "not a loss of points"), include: causing an to touch the bottle at all before the cue ball touches it (without knocking it over); and causing the bottle to go into a pocket or off the table as a result of action by the cue ball, after it has caromed off an object ball.
Bottle and ball spotting rules.
Whenever the shake bottle is knocked over it is immediately stood up open end down as close as possible to the position on the table at which it came to rest after being upset, as judged from the mouth of the bottle. When the shake bottle is knocked into a pocket, off the table, or where the open end of the bottle intrudes over a pocket opening such that it is impossible to replace it to its upset resting position, the shake bottle is replaced to the table's center spot. If the center spot is occupied by any ball, then it is placed on the . If both the center and head spots are occupied, then it is placed on the . If none of the listed spots are available then it remains off the table until such time as the center spot becomes unobstructed.
As in the games of snooker, English billiards, cowboy pool and others, pocketed balls are immediately respotted to their starting position. Where the second object ball, the cue ball or the bottle makes the ball there impossible, it is spotted to the center spot. If the center spot is occupied, the ball is spotted to the head spot. Where both object balls have been on a shot, they are spotted with the same dictates for just one ball, first spotting the 1 ball, followed by the 2 ball. Thus, if the starting positions for the two object balls are each occupied, respectively by the cue ball and shake bottle, the 1 ball would be placed on the center spot and the 2 ball on the head spot.
Variations.
The game is sometimes played with the larger and heavier (and unnumbered) carom billiard balls instead of pocket billiard balls. Such is the case at the Union Club and was also at the University of Michigan Billiards & Games Room, where the faculty devoted most of their time to bottle pool. Not incidentally three-cushion billiards, which uses these larger balls, was also a mainstay in that room and touring three-cushion professional Carl Conlon was a fixture there until his death in 1997. In this variation, a solid-yellow (or dotted) second cue ball is used in place of the 1 ball, and the red ball, known traditionally as the , is used in place of the 2 ball. The use of such balls makes scoring by caroms easier, but makes pocketing balls (and scratching) more difficult because the larger balls must still be made in the ordinarily-sized pool pockets.
The rules promulgated by the Manhattan Athletic Club in the 1890s diverge in a number of ways from the modern rules published by the BCA (though they do use the numbered 1 and 2 balls, rather than carom billiards balls). Those provide that when a player bursts, his score is set to zero rather than to the number of points 31 is overshot; pocketed object balls are replaced on the "red-ball spot" (the foot spot), or if occupied, frozen to the foot rail in the original position of the 1 ball and if occupied, of the 2 ball; and no foul rules whatever are preferred.
One further variation places a 6-sided die (although other sided die could also be used) on top of the bottle. If the bottle is knocked over and the die knocked onto the table, the player is awarded points equal to whatever side of the die lies facing upward when the die comes to a stop. This adds a random effect to hitting the bottle and in practice often results in players only striking the bottle in combination with other point-scoring shots.

</doc>
<doc id="9888370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888370" title="United States Senate Committee on Railroads">
United States Senate Committee on Railroads

The Senate Committee on Railroads is a defunct committee of the United States Senate. It succeeded the Committee on the Pacific Railroad on March 12, 1873. The committee reviewed legislation and matters related to railroad transportation on the United States. The committee existed until April 8, 1921, when it was abolished due to inactivity. The committee's role waned after the 50th Congress (1887-89) as other Senate committees acquired legislative jurisdiction over railroad matters. The United States Senate Committee on Interstate Commerce, in particular, focused on regulating railroad rates and assuring safety of railroad passengers and crews. A separate Committee on Pacific Railroads also operated from 1893-1921, investigating the financial status of the Union Pacific Railroad.
While it no longer formerly exists as a standing committee, the Senate still conducts oversight over the railroad industry through the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee and its Surface Transportation and United Interstate Commerce subcommittees.

</doc>
<doc id="9888382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888382" title="Luce Fabbri">
Luce Fabbri

Luce Fabbri (1908 - 2000) was an Italian anarchist writer, publisher and daughter of Luigi Fabbri. 
She was born in Rome and studied literature in Bologna. Fabbri left Italy illegally to be reunited with her exiled parents in Paris and joined them after their expulsion from France to Belgium and finally to Montevideo, Uruguay. which she continued after his death; became a teacher of history at a secondary school. During the 1936 Spanish Revolution she organized support for the Spanish anarchists. She taught Italian literature at Uruguay's University of the Republic from 1949 until 1991, interrupted from 1974-1986 by the military regime. 
Writings and publications.
During the Spanish Revolution she published "Il Risorgimento" and during the Second World War served as editor of the Italian page of Socialismo y Libertad. In Uruguay she published Studi Sociali with her father. She also authored "I Canti dell'Attesa" 1932, "Camisas Negras" 1935, "19 de Julio Antología de la Revolucíon Española" (under the pseudonym Luz de Alba) 1937, "La Poesía de Leopardi" 1971, "Luigi Fabbri-Storia d'un nomo libero" (not yet published), of many pamphlets and contributions to libertarian and literary periodicals in Uruguay and Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9888391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888391" title="Clarion Alley Mural Project">
Clarion Alley Mural Project

Clarion Alley Mural Project (CAMP) is an artists' collective formed in October 1992 by a volunteer collective of six North Mission residents: Aaron Noble, Michael O'Connor, Sebastiana Pastor, Rigo 92, Mary Gail Snyder, and Aracely Soriano. The project creates and facilitates other artists creating murals on Clarion Alley, between Valencia and Mission Streets and surrounding areas. 
Origins.
Inspired by Balmy Alley and other murals and muralists of San Francisco's Mission District, CAMP came together to initiate a mural project on Clarion Alley, also the source of the collective's name. While the Balmy Alley mural project focused on the theme of Central American struggle, the stated goals of CAMP were social inclusiveness and aesthetic variety. CAMP went on to organize projects off site at the Redstone Building (in 1997), and the ILWU Building, as well as gallery installations at San Francisco Art Institute, New Langton Arts, and Intersection for the Arts. Members of CAMP over the years include Diego Diaz, Kate Ellis, Permi Gill, Maya Hayuk, Andrew Schoultz, Megan Wilson, Jet Martinez, CUBA, Ivy Jeanne McClelland, Antonio Roman-Alcala, Daniel Doherty, and Bunnie Reiss.
Collaborations.
CAMP has worked with many talented artists and the work represents a wide range of styles – from folk influenced to spray-can works to conceptual projects. In addition, CAMP has provided space for collaborative youth initiatives that include Oasis For Girls, Horizons Unlimited and the American Indian Movement Youth Council. 
In 2003, CAMP collaborated with Apotik Komik, an artists collective in Indonesia, and Intersection for the Arts to organize and present the project "Sama-sama/Together", an international collaboration and exchange between community arts organizations and artists from San Francisco (U.S.A.) and Yogyakarta (Indonesia). The project was designed to foster understanding of recent world events and Muslim and non-Muslim cultures between the two communities through the creation of new works, as well as through cross-cultural dialogue between participating artists and the public at large. "Sama-sama/Together" artists included: Aaron Noble, Alicia McCarthy, Andrew Schoultz, Carolyn Castaño, Carolyn Ryder Cooley, and Megan Wilson from CAMP and Arie Dyanto, Arya Panjalu, Nano Warsono, and Samuel Indratama from Apotik Komik.
CAMP also frequently collaborates with community partners that include: Community Thrift, Intersection for the Arts, Project Artaud, the Luggage Store Gallery, the Roxie Theater, the San Francisco Art Institute, the California College of Arts, Poor Magazine, the San Francisco Print Collective, and Oasis for Girls.
List of Clarion Alley participating artists.
Below are some of the artists who have been part of the Clarion Alley Mural Project. 

</doc>
<doc id="9888393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888393" title="Marius Oprea">
Marius Oprea

Marius Oprea (; born 1964, Târgovişte) is a Romanian historian (specializing in recent history), poet and essayist.
He studied history at the University of Bucharest, and earned a Ph.D. with a thesis on the role and evolution of the Communist-era secret police, the Securitate between 1948 and 1964 ("Rolul şi evoluţia Securităţii, 1948-1964"). Oprea currently works as a journalist and researcher at the Romanian Institute of Recent History (IRIR). He also serves as the president of the Institute for the Investigation of Communist Crimes in Romania
His debut as a poet was the participation in the volume "Pauza de respiraţie" ("Pause for Breathing"), together with Simona Popescu, Caius Dobrescu, and Andrei Bodiu.
Marius Oprea lives with his family in Braşov.

</doc>
<doc id="9888396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888396" title="Tahbilk">
Tahbilk

Tahbilk is an Australian winery located 120 km north of Melbourne near the township of Nagambie in the Nagambie Lakes region of central Victoria. Established in 1860, it claims to be the oldest family owned winery in Victoria and is part of the Australian wine alliance, Australia’s First Families of Wine.
History.
The name Tahbilk originates from the winery's location which the local aboriginal people first referred to as "tabilk-tabilk" meaning "place of many waterholes". The 'h' was added by the winery in the hope of increasing sales in Europe. 
In 1856, Hugh Glass became the owner of the Goulburn River property that included the future Tahbilk. Rushworth storekeeper Ludovic Marie convinced Glass that the land was suitable for viticulture and took over 258 acres of the property for a proposed vineyard and winery.
Marie brought in his friend, the former Goldfields Commissioner at Rushworth, Richard Henry Horne, who had as part of a 'foolhardy business transaction', invested in blocks of land at nearby Murchison on the Goulburn River. But as 'the village grew slowly' Horne was eager to 'promote any venture which might bring prosperity to the district' and agreed to participate in the winery plan. The two set up a public company, the 'Goulburn Vineyard Proprietary', with Marie as manager and Horne as honorary secretary.
An advertisement for the company from 1859 was looking for capital of £30,000 in £5 shares and listed on its 'provisional committee', in addition to Horne, J.G. Dougharty of Melbourne, and N.R.D. Bond and A. Sinclair of Murchison. The advertisement continued:
"The position of the land, the quality of the soil, the proximity of the water, make the property the most desirable spot which could be selected for vine growing. The quantity of grapes produced by the few stocks of vine in the garden and at the house, is an indubitable proof of the capabilities of the ground."
In August 1860 the company was now the 'Tahbilk Vineyard Proprietary' with Ludovic Marie as 'Principal Vigneron' and Charles Ebden and James Blackwood as 'trustees'. The 'provisional directory', in addition to Horne and Bond was Richard Eades, John Pinney Bear, David Wilkie, George Holmes, Hugh Glass, Samuel Rentech, G.S. Evans, J.W. Mackenna, J.H. Brooke and Donald Kennedy. In all there were three Members of the Legislative Assembly, two Members of the Legislative Council, two Justices of the Peace, the Swiss Consul, the Argentinian Consul-General and the then Mayor of Melbourne.
Addressing a dinner of vineyard workers in 1861, Marie was quoted as saying 'the money for all these extensive operations which were being carried on was found almost solely by three gentlemen... Messers. Bear, Glass and Holmes'.
Of the earliest founders, Sinclair was found dead in Brighton, in May 1860, from an overdose of 'morphia' administered by persons unknown with 'a list of shareholders in the Goulburn Vineyard Company... found sewn up in the pocket' of his coat. One of the last men to see Sinclair alive was Ludovic Marie, who was found insolvent in August 1861. While, for Horne, the venture didn't compensate him for the money he had lost in the early public float, and he returned to England, but he later claimed 'he was the father of the Australian wine industry'.
When Marie left, John Pinney Bear assumed control and progressively bought out the other shareholders until he was sole owner in 1876. By that year Tahblik's 'annual vintage was around 315,00 litres' and was 'winning national and international awards'. Bear employed Francois De Coueslant as manager in 1887, and De Coueslant is credited with planting the estates' mulberry trees and building the winery tower. A year later The Argus reported that Tahbilk had received a wine order from Queen Victoria.
In 1889 Bear, a former Member of the Victorian Legislative Council, died at Tahbilk. De Coueslant left the same year and 'Chateau Tahbilk' (as in was known) went into decline with the vineyard shrinking to 46 hectares by 1925. It was purchased by the Purbrick family in 1931 and remains in their ownership.
Tahbilk claims to be oldest (1860) family owned winery in Victoria. Other wineries claim to predate Tahbilk's origins such as Chambers Rosewood Winery and Gehrig Estate Wines in Rutherglen being founded in 1858, while Morris Wines, also from Rutherglen, claims to have been founded in 1859. However none of these wineries have had the continuous 'family ownership' of Tahbilk.
Until 2000, the winery was known as Chateau Tahbilk. Original cellars from the 1860s and 1870s are still in use. These and the buildings are classified by the National Trust of Australia.
Tahbilk claims to have the largest, single holding of Marsanne in the world. The first vines were cuttings in the 1860s from the St Huberts Winery in the Yarra Valley; another old winery but without a continuous history since that date. The present plantings of Marsanne date from 1927.
Winery.
The winery specialises in the Rhone varietals of Marsanne, Viognier and Roussanne and also produces Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Chardonnay, Riesling, Semillon, Sauvignon blanc, Verdelho, Grenache and Mourvedre. Some original pre-phylloxera Shiraz vines survive from 1860.
The many awards of Tahbilk wines include the Diploma of Honour, the highest award obtainable at the Greater London Exhibition of 1899. Tahbilk was the National Winner in the Parks, Gardens and the Environment Category of the Best of Wine Tourism Awards 2007.
Tahbilk is part of Australian wine alliance Australia’s First Families of Wine a multi-million-dollar venture to help resurrect the fortunes of the $6 billion industry highlighting the quality and diversity of Australian wine. First Families chairman is the Tahbilk chief executive Alister Purbrick. The 12 member alliance includes Brown Brothers, Campbells, Taylors, DeBortoli, McWilliam’s, Tahbilk, Tyrell’s, Yalumba, D'Arenberg, Howard Park, Jim Barry and Henschke. The main criteria are that the family-owned companies need to have a “landmark wine” in their portfolios listed under Langton’s Classification and/or 75% agreement by group that a wine is considered “iconic”, must have the ability to do at least a 20-year vertical tasting, have a history going back a minimum of two generations, ownership of vineyards more than 50 years old and/or ownership of distinguished sites which exemplify the best of terroir, commitment to export and environmental best practice, appropriate cellar door experience, and be paid-up members of the Winemakers Federation of Australia.
Tahbilk Wetlands Cafe.
In 2005 construction was completed on a dedicated Wetlands Café built to service visitors to Tahbilk.
In a dramatic architectural statement the ironbark, stone and corrugated roofed building rises from the Pepper Paddock, as its location is known, with your Wetlands experience beginning from a jetty below its sweeping outer deck. The Café is also home to the Dalfarras range of wines and Dalfarras Gallery. Established in 1991, Dalfarras is the vinous child born of a collaboration between winemaker Alister Purbrick (C.E.O. of Tahbilk) and his artist wife Rosa Purbrick.
Alister crafts each Dalfarras release utilising the best fruit from Nagambie Lakes & other premium vineyard sites around Australia, whilst selected works from Rosa's extensive, and ever growing, portfolio are reproduced on the labels - and on display on the Cafe's Gallery walls. Rosa also lent her maiden name Dal Farra to its naming.
Wetlands and wildlife reserve.
With the construction of the Goulburn weir in 1889, the various stages of Sugar Loaf Dam in 1915, and Lake Eildon completed in 1956, the historical flow regime of the Goulburn river was changed, from one of high flows in winter to one of a permanently flowing summer irrigation stream. Previously the river and its associated billabongs had periodically dried back into a series of water holes. Indeed the local indigenous people knew this area as “tabilk tabilk”, or the place of many water holes, thus giving the property, Tahbilk, its name. The present Tahbilk wetlands area was created with the raising of the water level at the time that the Goulburn Weir was built.
The Tahbilk wetlands are an open ended or self flushing wetlands being joined to the Goulburn at both ends. With its slow moving and warmer water, the Tahbilk wetlands have become a safe haven for a vast array of indigenous flora and fauna. At least two threatened or endangered species are making the Tahbilk wetlands their home. The native cat fish (Tandanus tandanus) which is declining throughout the Murray Darling Basin is now breeding in the wetlands and the Water Shield Lily (Brasenia schreberi), which incidentally is unique to Victoria, is also thriving in the Tahbilk wetlands.
The preservation of the environment has always been a priority of the Tahbilk Estate. The Purbick family, who have been custodians of the property for five generations, were amongst the first to institute an integrated pest management and a whole farm plan. Long before it became fashionable to plant trees, Tahbilk Estate was planting local igneous trees and shrubs to form inter connecting wild life corridors to allow the free passage of animals, birds and insects across the Estate.
Tahbilk Estate, in partnership with various Government agencies including the Dept of Sustainability and Environment (DSE), The Goulburn Broken Catchment Management Authority (GBCMA), The Murray Darling Basin Authority (MDBA), and The Goulburn Broken Indigenous Seedbank (GBIS), are running a number of environmental rehabilitation programmes. These include an ongoing pest plant and animal eradication programme, an indigenous flora and fauna identifying programme, and the monitoring of the water quality by measuring the turbidity, (water clarity), salt content (EC), dissolved oxygen content (DO), and water temperature. In addition to these, and other projects, Tahbilk Estate and Seedbank have established a trial site for the production of local indigenous seeds for revegetation projects throughout the Longwood Plains area. Projects in the pipe line include the redesign of the Tahbilk wetlands outfall to allow for the more effective passage of fish between The Wetlands billabongs and the Goulburn River.
It is interesting to note that the existence of the wetlands and the associated waterways, has created a particular meso-climate that has enabled Tahbilk Estate to produce a range of superb, and unique
varietal wines.
Tahbilk Estate is justifiably proud of the Tahbilk Wetlands and Wild Life Reserve which has been designed as a living, breathing educational tool to be enjoyed and easily accessed by everyone.
Dalfarras Wines.
Dalfarras is the "vinous child" of husband and wife team, Alister and Rosa Purbrick. Alister, General Manager and multi-award winning winemaker at Tahbilk, crafts each release from selected parcels of fruit from Australia's premium viticultural regions; and Rosa - as one of Australia's promising artists, visually encapsulates each release on the stunning labels.
In 2005 Dalfarras found its "home" with the opening of the Tahbilk Wetlands Cafe.
The contemporary design and feel of the Cafe were ideally suited to the Dalfarras image and so a Dalfarras Tasting Bar and Gallery were incorporated into the layout.

</doc>
<doc id="9888401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888401" title="Cyclopean Stairs">
Cyclopean Stairs

Cyclopean stairs form as a result of glacial erosion. The term refers to the longitudinal profile of a glaciated valley that has several consecutive hanging valleys.
Formation.
There are a few different ways cyclopean stairs can form.
One way they form is through plucking. Different bedrock types may be more susceptible to plucking. If a highly jointed layer of bedrock is on the surface, large portions of it will be picked up by the glacier and deposited later as a glacial erratic. The valley formed in this fashion may have a steep wall at its head caused by a change in the bedrock type. The stronger bedrock will remain in the form of a riser at the end of a hanging valley.
Cyclopean stairs can also form at points where tributary glaciers feed into larger central glaciers. The tributary glacier causes the central glacier to thicken and downcut more rapidly. This may cause a very sudden drop in the valley floor at the points where the glaciers converged.
They may also form at the head of a glacier. In an area where the snowline is rising, the cirque in which the glacier forms my recede. A new cirque may form above the previous cirque and carve out a new step. As the snowline continues to rise, new cirques would continue to form the steps of the cyclopean stairs.
References.
"Surface Processes and Landforms", Don J. Easterbrook. Prentice Hall, New Jersey, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9888434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888434" title="2002 Indianapolis Colts season">
2002 Indianapolis Colts season

The 2002 Indianapolis Colts season was the 50th season for the team in the National Football League and 19th in Indianapolis.
The 2002 season marked the first for the Colts in the new AFC South after competing for 32 seasons in the AFC East. 
Regular season.
Standings.
x "- clinched playoff berth"
y "- clinched division title"
z "- clinched first-round bye"
Week-by-Week results.
Week 1: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
Scoring summary.
Q1 – IND – 2:38 – 6-yard TD pass from Peyton Manning to Qadry Ismail (Vanderjagt kick) (7–0 IND)
Q2 – JAC – 7:34 – 8-yard pass from Mark Brunell to Pete Mitchell (Hayden Epstein kick) (7–7)
Q2 – IND – 0:33- Marcus Washington 40-yard interception return (Vanderjagt kick) (14–7 IND)
Q3 – JAC – 7:39 – Hayden Epstein 27-yard FG (14–10 IND)
Q3 – JAC – 5:20 – 18-yard pass from Mark Brunell to Patrick Johnson (Hayden Epstein kick) (14–17 JAC)
Q3 – IND – 2:57 – 12-yard pass from Peyton Manning to Qadry Ismail (Vanderjagt kick) (21–17 IND)
Q4 – IND – 11:26 – 3-yard pass from Peyton Manning to Marvin Harrison (Vanderjagt kick) (28–17 IND)
Q4 – JAC – 4:11 – Fred Taylor 6-yard run (Mark Brunell pass to Jimmy Smith for 2-point conversion) (28–25 IND)
Week 2: vs. Miami Dolphins.
The Colts were defeated by the Dolphins in their only game of the season against a team from their former division, the AFC East. The game was also the first following the passing of Colts Hall of Famer Johnny Unitas. In tribute to Unitas, Peyton Manning wore black cleats, this against league rules; he was fined but the league was criticized for the fine later.
Postseason results.
AFC Wild-Card Playoff Game: vs. New York Jets.
In his playoff debut, quarterback Chad Pennington completed 19 of 25 passes for 222 yards and 3 touchdowns as he led the Jets to a shutout victory over the Colts. Colts quarterback Peyton Manning was limited to 14 out of 31 (45.2 percent) completions for 137 yards, with 2 interceptions.

</doc>
<doc id="9888438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888438" title="Houghton Weavers">
Houghton Weavers

The Houghton Weavers are an English folk music band formed in 1975 in Westhoughton, Bolton, Greater Manchester, England. The current band members are David Littler (acoustic guitar, banjo, mandolin, banjo-ukulele, bouzouki, piano accordion and vocals), Steve Millington (bass guitar, keyboards, acoustic guitar, piano accordion and vocals) and Tony Berry (lead vocalist). 
David Littler and Tony Berry are both founder members of the band, whilst Steve Millington joined in 1996.
Previous members were Norman Prince (1975 to 1999, acoustic guitar, banjo, 12 string guitar, bass guitar and vocals), John Oliver (1975 to 1976 vocals), Denis Littler (1976 to 1984 bass guitar and vocals) and Jeff Hill (1984 to 1996 and 1999 to 2007 bass Guitar, acoustic guitar, 12 string guitar, electric guitar and vocals) Whilst never officially a member of the band, Alan Fawkes was a frequent guest--"he couldn't stand the drop in pay" (dates unknown: woodwind instruments)
They sing mainly English folk music, much of it in Lancashire dialect, and demonstrate an eclectic range of song subjects including "The Blackpool Belle", "Uncle Joe’s Mintballs" and "Matchstalk Men and Matchstalk Cats and Dogs" (a biographical song about the painter L. S. Lowry).
They are best known for their BBC TV show "Sit Thi Deawn" (Lancashire dialect for "have a seat", referring to the hospitality of Lancashire people). The programme ran for six series or seven years and was a mixture of easy listening music and comedy for a local audience. The group also starred in six of their own series for BBC Radio 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9888448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888448" title="Ermengol III, Count of Urgell">
Ermengol III, Count of Urgell

Ermengol (or Armengol) III (1032–1066), called "el de Barbastre", was the Count of Urgell from 1038 to his death. He was the son of Ermengol II and Constance, daughter of the Count of Besalú. 
Allied with his contemporary and second cousin Raymond Berengar I of Barcelona, together they shared in the process of erosion of the comital authority to the noblesse. They also cooperated in the Reconquista and he received a third part of the conquests, occupying, in 1050, Camarasa and Cubells after taking them from Yusuf of Lleida. In 1039–1040, Ermengol and Raymond Berengar signed a pact against Raymond of Cerdanya. Later in that decade, Raymond Berenger paid 20,000 "solidi" for Ermengol's support and military aid. 
He took part in the Barbastro War of 1064 under the banner of Sancho Ramírez of Aragon. When Barbastro was captured, he was given the lordship of the city. On 17 April 1066, he died defending the city from Moorish reprisals. 
Ermengol married before 1048, Adelaide, whose family is not known, even if some scholars made her daughter of Guillem I Count of Besalu. She died before May 1055, leaving a daughter: 
Before May 7, 1055, Ermengol took as his second wife Clemencia, presumably daughter of Berengar Raymond I and his second wife Guisla (this is hypothesized from the name of their 4 sons), by whom he had:
Clemencia died after June 26, 1057, and before November 6, 1062, Ermengol was remarried to a lady named Elvira, who died about 1064.
In 1065, Ermengol married as his fourth wife Sancha, daughter of Ramiro I of Aragon.

</doc>
<doc id="9888460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888460" title="Naiden Borichev">
Naiden Borichev

Naiden Borichev (born 7 January 1980 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian figure skater. He is the 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2008 Bulgarian national champion. He was previously coached by Evelina Panova, but now he coaches himself. He also coaches his teammate Hristina Vassileva.

</doc>
<doc id="9888513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888513" title="Valtter Virtanen">
Valtter Virtanen

Valtter Virtanen (born 4 June 1987) is a Finnish figure skater. He is the 2013 Finnish national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="9888521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888521" title="Hogback (geology)">
Hogback (geology)

In geology and geomorphology, a hogback is a long narrow ridge or series of hills with a narrow crest and steep slopes of nearly equal inclination on both flanks. Typically, this term is restricted to a ridge created by the differential erosion of outcropping, steeply dipping (greater than 30° - 40°), homoclinal, typically sedimentary strata. One side, its backslope, of a hogback consists of the surface (bedding plane) of steeply dipping rock stratum, which is called a "dip slope." Its other side, its escarpment or "frontslope" or "scarp slope", is an erosion face that cuts through the dipping strata that comprises the hogback. The name for this landform refers to its resemblance in outline to the back of a hog. It was named after a hogback, Hog's Back, of the North Downs in Surrey, England. This term is also used for any ridge with a sharp summit and steep slopes of nearly equal inclination on both flanks. It is sometimes applied to drumlins and, in Maine, to both eskers and ridges known as "horsebacks".
Hogbacks are a typical regional topographic expression of outcrops of steeply dipping strata, commonly sedimentary strata, that consist of alternating beds of hard, well-lithified strata, i.e. sandstone and limestone, and either weak or loosely cemented strata, i.e. shale, mudstone, and marl. The surface of a hard, erosion-resistant layer forms the back slope (dip-slope) of the hogback where weaker strata have been preferentially stripped off of it by erosion. The opposite slope that forms the front of a hogback, which is its escarpment or scarp, consists of a slope that cuts across the bedding of the strata. Because of the steeply dipping nature of the strata that forms a hogback, a slight shift in location may take place as the landscape is lowered by erosion, but it will be a matter of feet rather than miles, as might happen with cuestas.
All gradations occur between hogbacks, homoclinal ridges, and cuestas. The differences between these landforms are related to the steepness in dip of the resistant beds from which they have been eroded and to their geographic extent. Where hogback, homoclinal ridges, and cuestas occur depends upon whether the local rock attitudes are either nearly vertical, moderately dipping, or gently dipping. Because of their gradational nature, the exact angle of dip and slope that separates these landforms is arbitrary and some differences in the specific angles used to define these landforms can be found in the scientific literature. In addition, it also can be difficult to distinguish sharply immediately adjacent members of this series of landforms because of their gradational nature.
Examples of Hogbacks.
Dinosaur Ridge, Colorado.
Dinosaur Ridge is a well known hogback that is part of Morrison Fossil Area National Natural Landmark within Morrison, Colorado. It is a hogback formed by the differential erosion of well-cemented sandstones of the Cretaceous Dakota Formation, which form the dip slope of this hogback, overlying the less erosion-resistant and interbedded mudstone, siltstone, and thinly-bedded sandstones of the Morrison Formation of Jurassic age. Dinosaur Ridge is only a short segment of the Dakota Hogback that extends the length of the Front Range from Wyoming to southern Colorado.
Black Hills hogbacks.
While most hogbacks snake along a surface in a relatively sinuous line, few, such as those in Sundance, Wyoming, encircle a dome. The Dakota Sandstone Hogback encircles the Black Hills, an elliptical dome spanning from northwestern South Dakota to northeastern Wyoming. The Black Hills are approximately 125 miles long and 65 miles wide. The Dakota Hogback ridge formed when the resistant sandstones of the Dakota Sandstone and underlying strata were uplifted near the center of the present-day Black Hills because of a granite intrusion, approximately 60 million years ago. The Black Hills are farthest east and outlying segment of the Laramide orogeny. The Dakota hogback rim separates the surrounding flat plains from the two mile wide Red Valley trench of the Black Hills. The ridge "presents a steep face towards the valley and rises several hundred feet above it.
Green Mountain hogbacks.
Green Mountain (Google Maps), also known as the Little Sundance Dome, is found just east of Sundance, Wyoming. It is a circular dome about 1800m across and 1400m wide surrounded by a rim of triangular hogbacks (similar in appearance to flatirons). Green Mountain itself, much like the Black Hills, is a laccolith formed by the intrusion of magma into the Earth's crust.

</doc>
<doc id="9888540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888540" title="Edward Ka-Yin Chow">
Edward Ka-Yin Chow

Edward Ka-Yin Chow (; born September 3, 1987 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong figure skater. He is the 2003, 2005, and 2006 Hong Kong national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="9888549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888549" title="Beneberak">
Beneberak

Benebarak ("Sons of Barak") () was a biblical city mentioned in the Book of Joshua. According to the biblical account it was allocated to the Tribe of Dan. 
In the Talmudic era, Beneberak became the seat of the court of Rabbi Akiva, and is identified as the site of his all-night "seder" in the Passover "Haggadah".
Benebarak was also associated with agriculture, as evident from the Talmudic account of the sage Rami bar Yehezkel, who declared that he understood the meaning of the Torah's description of the "Land of Israel" as a "land flowing with milk and honey" after a scene he witnessed in Beneberak. He saw goats grazing beneath fig trees and the honey oozing from the very ripe figs merged with the milk dripping from the goats and formed a stream of milk and honey.
Ibn Ibraq/al-Khayriyya.
The Palestinian village of "Ibn Ibraq" ("Son of Ibraq/Barak") preserved the name of the ancient site. Its Arab villagers renamed it "al-Khayriyya", to distinguish it from the Jewish agricultural settlement of Bnei Barak established to the north in 1924. Al-Khayriyya was depopulated during a military assault as part of Operation Hametz during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war. 
A large waste transfer station, known as Hiriya, was built at the ancient/modern site.

</doc>
<doc id="9888566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888566" title="Bnei Brak (disambiguation)">
Bnei Brak (disambiguation)

Bnei Brak, Bene Beraq or Beneberak is:

</doc>
<doc id="9888579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888579" title="Sana'a manuscript">
Sana'a manuscript

The Sana'a palimpsest is one of the oldest Qur'anic manuscripts in existence. It was found, along with many other Qur'anic and non-Qur'anic fragments, in Yemen in 1972 during restoration of the Great Mosque of Sana'a. The manuscript is written on parchment, and comprises two layers of text (see palimpsest). The upper text conforms to the standard 'Uthmanic Qur'an, whereas the lower text contains many variants to the standard text. An edition of the lower text was published in 2012. A radiocarbon analysis has dated the parchment containing the lower text to before 671 AD with a 99% accuracy. 
Discovery.
In 1972, construction workers renovating a wall in the attic of the Great Mosque of Sana'a in Yemen came across large quantities of old manuscripts and parchments, many of which were deteriorated. Not realizing their significance, the workers gathered up the documents, packed them away into some twenty potato sacks, and left them on the staircase of one of the mosque's minarets.
Qadhi Isma'il al-Akwa', then the president of the Yemeni Antiquities Authority, realized the potential importance of the find. Al-Akwa' sought international assistance in examining and preserving the fragments, and in 1979 managed to interest a visiting German scholar, who in turn persuaded the West German government to organize and fund a restoration project. The preserved fragments comprise Qur'anic and non-Qur'anic material.
Restoration project.
Restoration of the fragments began in 1980 under the supervision of the Yemeni Department for Antiquities. It was funded by the Cultural Section of the German Foreign Ministry. The find includes 12,000 Qur'anic parchment fragments. All of them, except 1500–2000 fragments, were assigned to 926 distinct Qur'anic manuscripts as of 1997. None is complete and many contain only a few folios apiece. "Albrecht Noth (University of Hamburg) was the director of the project. Work on the ground began in 1981 and continued through the end of 1989, when the project terminated with the end of funding. Gerd R. Puin (University of Saarland) was the local director beginning with 1981. His involvement came to an end in 1985, when Hans-Caspar Graf von Bothmer (University of Saarland) took over as the local director. Bothmer left Ṣan'ā' in the following year, but continued to run the project from Germany, traveling to the site almost every year. 
Beginning in 1982, Ursula Dreibholz served as the conservator for this project, and worked full time in Ṣan'ā' until the end of 1989. She completed the restoration of the manuscripts. She also designed the permanent storage, collated many parchment fragments to identify distinct Qur'ānic manuscripts, and directed the Yemeni staff in the same task. The manuscripts are located in the House of Manuscripts, the Dār al-Makhṭūṭāt (DAM), in Ṣan'ā', Yemen. After 1989, Bothmer would visit the collection periodically. In the winter of 1996–7, he microfilmed all of the parchment fragments that have been assigned to distinct Qur'anic manuscripts. Of the remaining 1500–2000 fragments, he microfilmed a group of 280. The microfilms are available in Ṣan'ā' in the House of Manuscripts."
About the manuscript.
The Sana'a palimpsest is one of the most important manuscripts of the collection. This palimpsest has two layers of text, both of which are Qur'anic and written in the Hijazi script. While the upper text is almost identical with the modern Qur'ans in use (with the exception of spelling variants), the lower text contains significant diversions from the standard text. For example, in sura 2, verse 87, the lower text has "wa-qaffaynā 'alā āthārihi" whereas the standard text has "wa-qaffaynā min ba'dihi". Such variants are similar to the ones reported for the Qur'an codices of Companions such as Ibn Mas'ud and Ubayy b. Ka'b. However, variants occur much more frequently in the Sana'a codex, which contains "by a rough estimate perhaps twenty-five times as many Ibn Mas'ud's reported variants".
As can be seen in the sample page from Sadeghi and Goudarzi's edition, the lower text has no vowel marks and rarely uses diacritical marks for distinguishing consonants. The lower text was erased and written over, but due to the presence of metals in the ink, the lower text has resurfaced, and now appears in a light brown color. A number of reasons may have led to erasure of the lower text: some pages of the codex may have been destroyed or worn out, thereby requiring the production of a new codex, for which the already available parchment was used. (This was a common practice in ancient times. When enough of a manuscript's writing wore off—ink does not bond to parchment like it does to paper—all of the writing was washed off to make the expensive parchment usable for a new text. This was an ancient way of recycling.) Alternatively, the standardization of the Qur'anic text by 'Uthmān may have led to the non-standard lower text becoming obsolete, and thereby erased. The parchment upon which the lower codex is written has been radiocarbon dated with 99% accuracy to before 671 AD, with a 95.5% probability of being older than 661 AD and 75% probability from before 646 AD.
The manuscript is not complete. About 80 folios are known to exist: 36 in Yemen’s Dār al-Makhṭūṭāt (House of Manuscripts), 4 in private collections (after being auctioned abroad), and 40 in the Eastern Library of the Grand Mosque in Sana’a. Many of the folios in the House of Manuscripts are physically incomplete (perhaps due to damage), whereas those in private possession or held by the Eastern Library are all complete. These 80 folios comprise roughly half of the Qur'an. 
The lower text of the folios in the House of Manuscripts and those auctioned abroad have been published. The German scholar Elisabeth Puin (of Saarland University), whose husband was the local director of the restoration project until 1985, has transcribed the text of six folios (and one side of another folio) in four successive publications. In 2010 Behnam Sadeghi (Professor of Islamic Studies at Stanford University) published an extensive study of the four folios auctioned abroad, and analyzed their variants using textual critical methods. In March 2012, Behnam Sadeghi and Mohsen Goudarzi (of Harvard University) published a long essay containing a complete edition of the lower text of the folios in the House of Manuscripts and those auctioned abroad, along with an analysis. The lower text of the folios in the Eastern Library has not been published yet.
Media controversy.
Puin, and his colleague Graf von Bothmer, have published only short essays on the Ṣana'a find. In a 1999 interview with Toby Lester, the executive editor of "The Atlantic Monthly" website, Puin described the preserved fragments by the following: 
Some of the parchment pages in the Yemeni hoard seemed to date back to the seventh and eighth centuries A.D., or Islam's first two centuries—they were fragments, in other words, of perhaps the oldest Korans in existence. What's more, some of these fragments revealed small but intriguing aberrations from the standard Koranic text. Such aberrations, though not surprising to textual historians, are troublingly at odds with the orthodox Muslim belief that the Koran as it has reached us today is quite simply the perfect, timeless, and unchanging Word of God.
The mathematician Jeffrey Lang wrote a letter to the editor of The "Atlantic Monthly" about the interview: 
t should be mentioned that the article's alarmist tone concerning the discovery of the Yemeni manuscripts seems totally uncalled for. Lester admits that so far the manuscripts show some unconventional verse orderings, minor textual variations, and rare styles of orthography and artistic embellishment. However, the past existence of such manuscripts is well known to Muslims and those that did not completely agree with the Uthmanic text were eliminated in various ways. The recovery of an ancient manuscript dating back to the earliest history of Islam that differs in minor ways from the Uthmanic text and that was eliminated from circulation will hardly cause Muslims to feel the need to rewrite their history; if anything, it will only confirm it for them.
In another interview, Puin said: 
So many Muslims have this belief that everything between the two covers of the Qur'an is Allah's unaltered word. They like to quote the textual work that shows that the Bible has a history and did not fall straight out of the sky, but until now the Qur'an has been out of this discussion. The only way to break through this wall is to prove that the Qur'an has a history too. The Sana'a fragments will help us accomplish this.
Puin claimed that the Yemeni authorities want to keep work on the Ṣana'a manuscripts "low-profile".
In 2000, "The Guardian" interviewed a number of academics for their responses to Puin's remarks, including Dr Tarif Khalidi, and Professor Allen Jones, a lecturer in Koranic Studies at Oxford University. In regard to Puin's claim that certain words and pronunciations in the Koran were not standardized until the ninth century, "The Guardian" reported:
Jones admits there have been 'trifling' changes made to the Uthmanic recension. Khalidi says the traditional Muslim account of the Koran's development is still more or less true. 'I haven't yet seen anything to radically alter my view,' he says. believes that the San'a Koran could just be a bad copy that was being used by people to whom the Uthmanic text had not reached yet. 'It's not inconceivable that after the promulgation of the Uthmanic text, it took a long time to filter down.' 
The article noted some positive Muslim reaction to Puin's research. Salim Abdullah, director of the German Islamic Archives, affiliated to the Muslim World League, commented when he was warned of the controversy Puin's work might generate, "I am longing for this kind of discussion on this topic."
Based on interviews with several scholars, Sadeghi and Goudarzi question Puin's claims regarding Yemeni suppression of research on the manuscripts and Puin's statement that the Yemenis did not want others to know that work was being done on them. For instance, they note that in 2007 Sergio Noja Noseda (an Italian scholar) and Christian Robin (a French archaeologist) were allowed to take pictures of the Sana'a palimpsest. They write that according to Robin, his colleagues were "granted greater access than would have been possible in some European libraries." They report a similar view from Ursula Dreibholz, the conservator for the restoration project, who describes the Yemenis as supportive. They quote Dreibholz as saying that the Yemenis "brought school children, university students, foreign delegations, religious dignitaries, and heads of state, like Franҫois Mitterrand, Gerhard Schröder, and Prince Claus of the Netherlands, to see the collection." 
Sadeghi and Goudarzi conclude: 
Although the Yemeni authorities' openness proved a boon to scholarship, they were to be punished for it. The American media amplified the erroneous words of G. Puin, purveying a narrative that belittled Yemen and misrepresented the work done there. The Arab press in turn exaggerated the American story. The outcome was a media discourse in Yemen borne of three stages of misrepresentation. This embarrassed the Yemeni authorities responsible for the House of Manuscripts, and the Head of the Antiquities Department had to defend before Parliament the decision to bring in the foreigners.

</doc>
<doc id="9888592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888592" title="Godefroy Engelmann">
Godefroy Engelmann

Godfroy Engelmann was a 19th-century Franco-German Artist.
Biography.
Godefroy Engelmann was born in 1788 in Mühlhausen, a small town near the France/Switzerland/Germany border. At the time of his birth Mulhouse was a free German republic associated with the Swiss Confederation, but was annexed by France 10 years later. He died in that same town 62 years later (1839), from a tumor in his neck.
Engelmann trained in Switzerland and France at La Rochelle and Bordeaux, and he studied painting and sketching in Jean-Baptiste Regnault’s atelier in Paris. In the summer of 1814 he travelled to Munich, Germany to study lithography, a German invention. The following spring, he founded La Société Lithotypique de Mulhouse. In June 1816 he opened a workshop in Paris.
Engelmann is largely credited with bringing lithography to France, and later, commercializing chromolithography. In 1837 he was granted an English patent for a process of chromolithography that provided consistently high-quality results.
Throughout his life, he produced large numbers of prints, including numerous plates for Baron Isidore Justin Séverin Taylor's celebrated collection of lithographs, Voyages pittoresques et romantiques dans l’ancienne France.
Engelmann's Paris printing company, "Engelmann et Graf" was passed on to his son, Godefroy Engelmann II (born 1819), who carried on his father's work with the same high artistic quality until his own death in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="9888598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888598" title="Nothofagus menziesii">
Nothofagus menziesii

Nothofagus menziesii or Silver beech (Māori: tawhai) is a tree of the Nothofagus or southern beech genus endemic to New Zealand. Its common name probably comes from the fact that its bark is whitish in colour, particularly in younger specimens. It is found from Thames southwards in the North Island (except Mount Taranaki/Egmont), and throughout the South Island. Silver beech is a forest tree up to 30 m tall. The trunk, which is often buttressed, may be up to 2 m in diameter. The leaves are small, thick and almost round in shape, 6 to 15 mm long and 5 to 15 mm wide with rounded teeth which usually occur in pairs, 1 or 2 hair fringed domatia are found on the underside of each leaf. Its Māori name is Tāwhai. It grows from low altitudes to the mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="9888599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888599" title="Rate of natural increase">
Rate of natural increase

In demographics, the rate of natural increase (RNI) is the crude birth rate minus the crude death rate of a population. When looking at countries, it gives an idea of what position in the Demographic Transition Model, but to find out how much a country is growing, the population growth rate should be observed.
Usually developing countries have a positive or high natural increase rate. Developed countries have a negative/neutral or low natural increase rate, but many developed countries have their population increasing due to immigration despite their negative RNI.
The formula for the rate of natural increase is:
The result is the rate of natural increase in percentage form.
For example, Madagascar's crude birth rate (37.89) minus the crude death rate (7.97) is 29.92; divide that by 10 and the result is 2.992%, Madagascar's rate of natural increase.
External links.
List of current RNI in world states http://hdrstats.undp.org/en/indicators/138.html

</doc>
<doc id="9888602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888602" title="Numerical Technologies">
Numerical Technologies

Numerical Technologies, Inc. was a San Jose, California, USA based EDA public (NASDAQ: NMTC) company. 
The company is primarily known for its IP portfolio, software tools and services covering alternating Phase Shift Mask (alt-PSM) Technology providing sub-wavelength design to manufacturing solutions. On March 3, 2003 it was acquired by Synopsys.

</doc>
<doc id="9888604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888604" title="Maspero">
Maspero

People with the name Maspero include:
places with the name Maspero or Maspiro include:
events related to Maspero include:

</doc>
<doc id="9888607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888607" title="CCRI">
CCRI

CCRI is a four-letter acronym which may stand for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9888615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888615" title="Thimminenipalem">
Thimminenipalem

Thimminenipalem is a small village in the Chintakani mandal of Khammam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located on the banks of a small river Munneru. The village is located 22 km (13.67 Miles) from the district headquarters Khammam. It is well connected by a newly laid road. The main crops being cultivated are Paddy, Chillies, Cotton, Maize, Groundnut and Red Gram. The nearest railway station is around 6 km at Chinthakani and the airport is around 125 km at Gannavaram (Vijayawada).

</doc>
<doc id="9888620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888620" title="Rancho Cotate High School">
Rancho Cotate High School

Rancho Cotate High School "The Ranch" for short, is a four-year comprehensive high school in Rohnert Park, California. It is located at 5450 Snyder Lane, adjacent to the campus of Sonoma State University.
It was established in 1966 and named after the Rancho Cotate land grant. It serves the Cotati-Rohnert Park Unified School District. Enrollment in the 2006-2007 school year was about 1800-1900 students. A new football stadium was built in 2008.
The high school is fed by Lawrence E. Jones Middle School.
Curriculum.
Rancho Cotate High School curriculum follows California State and Cotati-Rohnert Park Unified District guidelines. The school district has adopted content standards and Multiple Measures assessments. These assessments allow teachers, students and parents to see where individuals are in reaching and/or exceeding District Standards. The measures determine whether a student has successfully learned grade level standards. The results of these measures enables teachers to teach to the individual student's needs and strengths.
Rancho Cotate High School course offerings include academically rigorous courses, innovative electives, and award-winning art, music and journalism programs. Extensive vocational classes are offered such as animation, web design, accounting, digital photography, video production, and a full range of autoshop and woodshop classes.
Advanced Placement and Honor Courses are offered at RCHS in specific subject areas, such as Social Studies, Math, Science, English, French and Spanish. Students can earn college credits or waive certain courses depending upon their scores and their school of attendance. The school also offers a program called AVID (Advancement Via Individual Determination), designed to help under-achieving high school students prepare for and succeed in colleges and universities.
Extracurricular activities.
Students have opportunities to participate in a wide variety of sports and extra curricular activities. There are over forty organizations on campus, and more than eighteen different sports are offered.
One of the most highly notable extracurricular activities is journalism. The journalism program produces the student-run publication for the school, which has received recognition on the local, regional, and national level. Such accolades have been awarded by the Press Democrat, Society of Professional Journalists, and Journalism Education Association/National Scholastic Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9888628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888628" title="Woodinville Subdivision">
Woodinville Subdivision

The Woodinville Subdivision is a railroad line that was formerly owned by BNSF Railway. It takes its name from one of its original end points in Woodinville, Washington, United States. The line extends approximately in east King County and Snohomish County. The line's ownership has been transferred in a deal involving King County and the Port of Seattle. The section from Snohomish to Woodinville is operated, on contract, by a company called Eastside Rail Freight, which is associated with the Ballard Terminal Railroad and Meeker Southern. However, train traffic on the subdivision is exceedingly rare, with the Seattle region's rail operations now conducted on other higher capacity routes.
Route.
The line was completed more than a century ago, in 1891, by the Great Northern Railway (later part of the Burlington Northern Railroad and then the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe). The route begins at Renton to Tukwila, at a place called Black River Junction. The rails run north along the shore of Lake Washington through Bellevue and several smaller cities before reaching its northern terminus in the small rural city of Snohomish.
The railroad is mostly single tracked with a few passing sidings to allow trains to pass each other and spurs for local industries. It is a former Northern Pacific branch line. The route also includes a branch line from Woodinville to downtown Redmond; this is a remnant from which the tracks have been removed off a former Northern Pacific line to North Bend via Issaquah where the tracks have also been removed.
A major feature of the railroad is the spectacular Wilburton Trestle, which was originally constructed in 1904. It was the longest wooden trestle in use in the Northwest until 2008. In June 2008, work commenced on the widening of I-405 south of Bellevue. As a result, the line was severed at the point at which it crosses the southbound lanes, just south of the railroad trestle. Currently there are no plans to reinstate the track now that the widening project has been completed. 
Uses.
The line was primarily used for local freight traffic. Until 2007, Boeing used the line to deliver 737 fuselages to its Renton plant from its supplier Spirit AeroSystems in Wichita, Kansas. Trains for the Boeing plant at Renton travel through Seattle and enter the factory from the South. A bridge north of Renton depot was replaced in order to accommodate the width of the Boeing 737 fuselages transported by rail.
The line also used to serve as a bypass during outages for the only other north-south rail route between the Cascade Mountains and Puget Sound, the Seattle/Scenic Subdivision, which runs through downtown Seattle and along Puget Sound. 
The line was also used by trains whose loads were too bulky to fit through the century-old Great Northern Tunnel that runs underneath downtown Seattle. However, its numerous sharp curves and bends, at-grade street crossings, and poor rail condition required trains to reduce speeds to no more than when being used as a bypass. After a rainstorm washed out part of the Seattle line in 1997, a freight train derailed navigating the line as such.
Until 2007, the line was also used by the Spirit of Washington Dinner Train, a tourist attraction. The Spirit of Washington's contract to use the railroad ended on 31 July 2007, and efforts to renew it have been rejected by both BNSF Railroad and King County.
Eastside Rail Freight continues to serve Woodinville from Snohomish.
Proposed sale and dismantling.
In 2003, BNSF announced that it was looking to sell the line because of declining freight revenues and rising maintenance costs. The Port of Seattle purchased the right of way in 2008 for conversion to public-access rail trail. In 2012 the City of Kirkland purchased the portion of the line running within the city limits, and has stated that it plans to remove the tracks in 2013. The Ballard Terminal Railroad's federal lawsuit to stop Kirkland's trail plans was dismissed in Seattle on 9 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9888629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888629" title="Campbell Apartment">
Campbell Apartment

The Campbell Apartment is a public bar and cocktail lounge located in a corner of Grand Central Terminal in New York City. It faces Vanderbilt Avenue. Contrary to its name, the space was never an apartment, but was once the office of American financier John W. Campbell, who served on the New York Central's Board of Directors. 
As an office.
The space was first leased in 1923 by John Campbell from William Kissam Vanderbilt II, whose family had built Grand Central Terminal. The space was a single room long by wide with a ceiling and an enormous faux fireplace in which Campbell kept a steel safe. At that time, it was the largest ground floor space in Manhattan, Campbell commissioned Augustus N. Allen, an architect known for designing estates on Long Island and town houses in Manhattan, to build an opulent office, transforming the room into a 13th-century Florentine palace with a hand-painted plaster of paris ceiling and leaded windows. It also featured a quatrefoil designed mahogany balcony, that still exists today.
One of the most striking features was a Persian carpet that took up the entire floor and was said to have cost $300,000 at the time, or roughly $3.5 million today. Campbell added a piano and pipe organ, and at night turned his office into a reception hall, entertaining 50 or 60 friends who came to hear famous musicians play private recitals. He had a permanent butler named Stackhouse.
After Campbell’s death in 1957, the rug and other furnishings disappeared from his office and the space eventually became a signalman’s office and later a closet at Grand Central, where the transit police stored guns and other equipment. It also became a small jail, in the area of the present-day bar.
Today.
After falling into disrepair, the space was restored and renovated in 1999. The walls and ceiling were brought back to their former glory and the original steel safe, once hidden behind a wall, now sits in the massive fireplace as a reminder of Campbell's wealth. The new bar is done in the same quatre-foil mahogany style as the balcony. The renovation cost an estimated $1.5 million.
A 2006 renovation replaced a largely blue palette with a largely red one, including new carpet, bar stools and chairs. To avoid closing for even one night it took place in less than 12 hours and cost $350,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9888641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888641" title="Pierre Charette">
Pierre Charette

Pierre Charette (born June 23, 1955 in Masson, Quebec) is a Canadian curler from Gatineau, Quebec.
Career.
Charette has played in ten Briers, and is the only curler to have played every position (including alternate) at a Brier. He skipped teams in 1989, 1993 and 2007; played third for Guy Hemmings in 1998 and 1999, played second for Don Westphal in 1997, played lead for Westphal in 1996 and was the alternate for Kevin Adams in 1991, Ted Butler in 1992 and Jean-Michel Ménard in 2013 and 2014. 
Charette's best performance at the Brier was the two years he played for Hemmings, where they lost in the Brier final on both occasions. 
Charette had to qualify for the 2007 Tim Hortons Brier by defeating defending Brier champion Jean-Michel Ménard in the Quebec final 12-8. 
Presently Charette is a golf professional at the Club de golf Royal Papineau.
In 2001, Charette played third for Peter Corner in the "Ontario" provincial championships, but they finished 3-6.
After the 2010-11 curling season ended, Serge Reid's team announced in a tweet that Charette would be joining their rink as skip and would throw lead stones. He played with them for one season before forming a new team with Richard Faguy, Louis Biron and Maurice Cayouette.

</doc>
<doc id="9888658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888658" title="Intergalactic Touring Band">
Intergalactic Touring Band

The Intergalactic Touring Band (IGTB) was not an actual music group but rather a science fiction pop music concept album released in 1977 by the now defunct Passport Records in America and Charisma Records in England. The ensemble album featured many star performers from progressive rock and other genres, including Meat Loaf, Ben E. King, Larry Fast (Synergy), Percy Jones, Annie Haslam, Rod Argent, Peppi Marchello (Good Rats), and many others. The songs are loosely held together by an epic theme of multi-generational space travel and human space colonization.

</doc>
<doc id="9888688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888688" title="Naval Air Station Rockaway">
Naval Air Station Rockaway

The station was the departure point for the first transatlantic flight in 1919, as executed by the crew of the NC-4. On November 27, 1918, the NC-1 took off from the station with 51 persons aboard, establishing a new world record for persons carried in flight.
1921 Hangar Fire.
The D-6 was built by the Naval Aircraft Factory, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, but its design was sufficiently different to separate it from the other five D-class airships. It featured a further improved control car (the "D-1 Enclosed Cabin Car) which had a water tight bottom for landings on water and internal fuel tanks. The D-6 was burned in the Naval Air Station Rockaway hangar fire of 31 August 1921 along with two small dirigibles, the C-10 and the H-1 and the kite balloon A-P.

</doc>
<doc id="9888699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888699" title="Ace of spades (disambiguation)">
Ace of spades (disambiguation)

The Ace of Spades is commonly thought of as the highest-ranking card in the deck. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9888705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888705" title="Uniform resource characteristic">
Uniform resource characteristic

In computer science, a uniform resource characteristic (URC) is a string of characters representing the metadata of a URI (uniform resource identifier, a string identifying a Web resource). A URC binds a URI's associated URN (uniform resource name, a unique name for a Web resource) to its URL (uniform resource locator, the location at which a Web resource can be found). URCs were proposed as a specification in the mid-1990s, but were never adopted.
The use of a URC would allow the location of a Web resource to be obtained from its standard name, via the use of a resolving service. It was also to be possible to obtain a URC from a URN by the use of a resolving service. The design goals of URCs were that they should be simple to use, easy to extend, and compatible with a wide range of technological systems. The URC syntax was intended to be easily understood by both humans and software.
Development.
During the early to mid-1990s, basic Web technologies were still in their infancy. Naming documents was, according to Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the Web, "probably the most crucial aspect of design and standardization in an open hypertext system". In most discussion, naming was partitioned into location (URLs) and identification (URNs) as independent applications of an URI. URCs were a third identifier type, intended to provide a standardized representation of document properties, such as owner, encoding, access restrictions or cost. 
URCs were the subject of an IETF working group around 1994/1995. However, the working group never produced a final standard and URCs were never widely adopted in practice. Even so, the concepts on which URCs were based influenced subsequent technologies such as the Dublin Core and Resource Description Framework.

</doc>
<doc id="9888712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888712" title="Love Song for a Vampire">
Love Song for a Vampire

"Love Song for a Vampire" is a song composed and recorded by Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox. It was recorded as the theme song to Francis Ford Coppola's 1992 film adaptation of "Dracula". The song is used in the end credits of the film.
Music video.
The video features Annie Lennox as a vampire in a white-dress in a dark and gloomy garden. Aside from shots of her singing, the music video incorporates numerous scenes from the movie "Dracula" that goes along with the beat of the music. The last shot is a fade out with a single beam of light shining on Lennox in the dark garden.
Release.
In the UK, the song was released as a double-A sided single with Lennox's track "Little Bird" from her album "Diva". It reached number three on the UK Singles Chart in early 1993, while in the US, it reached number 24 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
It reappeared in 1995 on the UK CD single 'A Whiter Shade of Pale' (RCA 74321 284822), alongside Lennox's covers of The Psychedelic Furs' 'Heaven' and Blondie's '(I'm Always Touched By Your) Presence, Dear'.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Annie Lennox unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9888725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888725" title="Paolo Bacchini">
Paolo Bacchini

Paolo Bacchini (born 16 August 1985) is an Italian figure skater. He is the 2007 and 2012 Merano Cup champion, 2008 Triglav Trophy champion, and a twelve-time Italian national medalist (2002–2013).
Bacchini represented Italy at the 2010 Winter Olympics where he placed 20th in the men's event. In 2011, Bacchini joined Fiamme Oro, the sports category of the Italian police.
He is coached by Peter Grütter and his choreographers have included Raffaella Cazzaniga, Corrado Giordani, Salomé Brunner, and Stéphane Lambiel.

</doc>
<doc id="9888730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888730" title="Buddies (TV series)">
Buddies (TV series)

Buddies is the name of a short-lived sitcom starring Dave Chappelle that aired on ABC in 1996.
History.
"Home Improvement" connection.
Comedians Dave Chappelle and Jim Breuer attracted the attention of TV network executives with their guest appearance in the March 14, 1995 episode of ABC's highly rated sitcom "Home Improvement". The storyline had Chappelle and Breuer play a duo of friends who appear on "Tool Time" to ask Tim Taylor advice on their girlfriends. The characters' single outing on the episode proved so popular that ABC decided to give Chappelle and Breuer their own half-hour sitcom.
Cast changes.
After subsequent rehearsals, Jim Breuer was replaced with Christopher Gartin as Dave Chappelle's "buddy". The unique comic timing and chemistry that Chappelle had with Breuer, his real-life friend, was not present with Gartin, and Breuer's abrupt firing exacerbated ill will. This prevented Chappelle and Gartin from developing the rapport and comedic chemistry necessary for the characters' believability and likeability.
Cancellation.
"Buddies" premiered on Tuesday, March 5, 1996. The show garnered disappointing ratings. "Buddies" was off the air on April 3 after a broadcast history of only five episodes out of the 13 that were produced. Dave Chappelle himself, was not proud of his involvement with "Buddies" in retrospect:
DVD release.
For a limited time in 2005, Best Buy had an exclusive DVD available that contained 10 episodes of "Buddies", including all 8 unaired episodes. The DVD was originally released on May 15, 2005 but seems to have been discontinued as Best Buy currently lists the item as "backordered." It is unclear why the DVD did not include all 13 episodes or if the remaining 3 episodes will ever receive a home video release.

</doc>
<doc id="9888732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888732" title="Whaleyville, Virginia">
Whaleyville, Virginia

Whaleyville, Virginia is a former incorporated town which was located in southern Nansemond County, Virginia. It is located midway between the former county seat at downtown Suffolk and the North Carolina border along U.S. Route 13.
Whaleyville is now a community within Virginia's largest independent city in land area. Suffolk, Virginia is part of the region popularly known as Hampton Roads. However, Whaleyville strives to maintain small town values. Whaleyville is represented on Suffolk City Council by Council Member Curtis R. Milteer, Sr.
Naming.
Whaleyville was named for another town of the same name, Whaleyville, Maryland, located on the Delmarva Peninsula north of Virginia's Eastern Shore. There, Seth Mitchell Whaley (1821–1901) was born and grew up. He was active in the lumber mill business in Maryland.
History: a new mill town.
In 1877, Seth M. Whaley bought a farm in the southern portion of Nansemond County, Virginia and opened a sawmill nearby. He worked in cooperation with Jackson Brothers Lumber Company, which was established in the new village of Whaleyville, Virginia. Soon what became called the "Big Mill" was operating 24 hours a day.
Between 1885 and 1902, the Suffolk and Carolina Railway, a narrow gauge railroad was built from Suffolk through Whaleyville south to Edenton, North Carolina. A branch line extended from Beckford Junction (on the Suffolk-Edenton section) to Elizabeth City, North Carolina. Renamed the Virginia and Carolina Coast Railroad in 1906, it became part of the regional Norfolk and Southern Railway, a predecessor of the modern Norfolk Southern Corporation. Ports on the railroad at Suffolk at Nansemond Wharf on the Nansemond River and Elizabeth City on the Pasquotank River each offered Whaleyville a means to ship its lumber and produce of local farmers.
The long-distance Norfolk and Carolina Railroad was also built nearby in 1884 to connect what became the north-south main line of the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad with the towns and cities of Suffolk, Portsmouth and Norfolk.
At the new mill town of Whaleyville, new stores were built. In 1907, the Bank of Whaleyville opened. A high school was added in 1915.
Mill closes and moves, town continues on.
The Lumber Mill at Whaleyville closed in 1919, and moved to Fayetteville, North Carolina. Many residents also made the move. Lumber continued to be harvested locally, but the area became more dependent upon agricultural activities. However, despite losings it biggest employers, the community preserved. According to a local source, "In 1928. Whaleyville had 500-600 residents, a cotton gin, peanut storage warehouses, two churches, and one of the best consolidated schools in Nansemond County."
Transportation.
During the Great Depression, the Norfolk and Southern Railway (N&S) abandoned its line through Whaleyville, and sold its local tracks and facilities near the port in Suffolk to the Virginian Railway. In 1967, the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad (ACL) merged with the Seaboard Air Line Railroad, (SAL) forming the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad (SCL). Both had served Suffolk. Among many parallel tracks considered redundant by the new SCL, the ACL trackage near Whaleyville was also abandoned.
The predecessor agency of the Virginia Department of Transportation was created in 1906. Road building began in 1909. In 1932, the secondary roads in Nansemond County were added to the state system under the Byrd Road Act. After bearing such State Highway numbers as 506, 53, and 37, the main highway through Whaleyville was designated U.S. Route 13.
On July 1, 2006, the City of Suffolk assumed control of its roads including those in the Whaleyville area from the Virginia Department of Transportation.
As part of the Suffolk 2026 Comprehensive Plan, the city plans to bypass Whaleyville. US 13 (along with NC Highway 11) is a strategic highway corridor in North Carolina towards Greenville.
County to City status.
Whaleyville was long located in Nansemond County. Records indicate it was formally incorporated by the General Assembly as a town between 1950 and 1973. 
Nansemond County was one of a number of localties in southeastern Virginia which underwent change in their political structure between 1952 and 1967, resulting in the current large independent cities where counties and smaller cities and towns had largely been in the past. In 1972, Whaleyville merged with Nansemond County and that county's other incorporated town, Holland, to form the independent city of Nansemond. Only two years later, Nansemond merged with the former seat of Nansemond County, Suffolk, to form the present-day city of Suffolk.
Although Whaleyville is now politically located within a modern city, it is still surrounded substantially by a farms and woodland. Local Whaleyville residents strive to maintain a small town setting as one of the widely diverse types of communities in Suffolk, which at , is the largest geographically in Virginia.
The Great Dismal Swamp is located a few miles east of Whaleyville.

</doc>
<doc id="9888749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888749" title="List of mayors of St. Albert, Alberta">
List of mayors of St. Albert, Alberta

List of St. Albert mayors :
References.
All information in this page synthesized from St. Albert Historical Society (1985). The Black Robe's Vision, St. Albert: St. Albert Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9888765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888765" title="Peter Gallant">
Peter Gallant

Peter Gallant (born December 20, 1958 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian curler from Stratford, Prince Edward Island. He is the father of former Canadian Junior Champion Brett Gallant, and Christopher Gallant, former PEI junior champion.
Gallant has played in nine Briers. In 1982, he played second for Peter Jenkins. Gallant would not make it to the Brier again until 1991 when he played third for Robert Campbell. He played third for Campbell again in 1993, 1995, 1997 and 1999. He played third for Peter MacDonald at the 2001 Nokia Brier. Gallant did not return to the Brier until 2007, where he skipped team Prince Edward Island for the first time at a Brier. He also skipped PEI again the following year at the 2008 Brier in Winnipeg.
Gallant has had some success at the Brier, his best performance coming in 1995 where his team lost in the tie-breaker against Ed Werenich. Gallant was the top shooting third at that Brier and received an all-star award. 
He has had more success at the Canadian Mixed Curling Championships, appearing in 1982, finishing 3rd; 1986; 1987 which he won as a skip with an 11-1 record and was all star skip. He also skipped PEI in 1991 in Thunder Bay.
Gallant has also played in the Canadian Senior Curling Championship in 2010 in Ottawa. He played third for Rod MacDonald where the team finished at 5-6. Gallant won an award for all star third.
Gallant has coached in three Canadian Juniors: 2009 where he won Gold and World Silver with PEI skip Brett Gallant, 2010 with Brett Gallant, and 2012 with PEI skip Christopher Gallant.
He has coached at the Brier on two occasions: 2012 with PEI (Mike Gaudet); 2013 with Newfoundland (Brad Gushue).
He has also coached at the Scottie's on two occasions: 2013 with PEI (Suzanne Birt); 2014 with Nova Scotia (Heather Smith).
Gallant is currently retired after serving as an Operations Manager for Irving Oil

</doc>
<doc id="9888766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888766" title="Sergio Blanco">
Sergio Blanco

Sergio Blanco (born 25 November 1981) is a Uruguayan football (soccer) Striker, who is currently playing for Uruguayan Primera División side Montevideo Wanderers F.C..
International career.
Blanco has been capped 4 times by Uruguay and scored 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9888775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888775" title="Ritch Savin-Williams">
Ritch Savin-Williams

Ritch C. Savin-Williams, Ph.D, (born 1949) is a professor of developmental psychology at Cornell University who specializes in gay, lesbian, and bisexual research. He is currently the chair of the Department of Human Development at Cornell.
Education.
Savin-Williams earned his Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from the University of Missouri in 1971. He later earned an MA in Religious Studies in 1973 and a Ph.D in Human Development in 1977 from the University of Chicago. Savin-Williams retrained in Clinical Psychology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst from 1989 to 1993 before completing his residency at Children's Hospital of Michigan.
Research and activities.
Professor Savin-Williams holds a Chair in Human Ecology at Cornell University. His research focuses on adolescent and young adult sexual identity development and sexual minority populations. In addition to his research, he operates a small private practice.
Savin-Williams has appeared on "Good Morning America" and served as a consultant for "20/20" and "The Oprah Winfrey Show".
In addition, Savin-Williams has served as an expert witness in court cases about gay adoption, same-sex marriage, sodomy laws, and the exclusion of gays in the Boy Scouts of America.
Savin-Williams has made a name for himself via his work showing the more positive aspects of LGBT young people's experiences. He has related this to a blurring of sexual identity, and its corresponding relaxing of oppressive attitudes. Using the name of the Hollywood film, The Kids Are All Right he has written about the improvements in experiences of LGBT youth. 
In 2010 Savin -Williams was quoted in a "New York Times" article about sexuality. It read: 
"Pro­fes­sor Savin-Williams says that his cur­rent research reveals that the fastest-growing group along the sex­u­al­ity con­tin­uum are men who self-identify as 'mostly straight' as opposed to labels like 'straight,' 'gay' or 'bisex­ual.' They acknowl­edge some level of attrac­tion to other men even as they say that they prob­a­bly wouldn't act on it, but … the right guy, the right day, a few beers and who knows. As the pro­fes­sor points out, you would never have heard that in years past."
Commenting on the article, Mark Simpson the UK journalist wrote:
"An A ++ to Dr Savin-Williams. Not so long ago, when Het­ero­sex­u­al­ity was a proper belief sys­tem that com­manded round-the-clock obei­sance, 'mostly straight' would have been a hereti­cal con­tra­dic­tion in terms – like half preg­nant. But in this Brave New World of male need­i­ness it's just a state­ment of where we're at."
Books.
Savin-Williams has written and edited numerous books on adolescence and sexual orientation:
Honours and awards.
2001: The American Psychological Association awarded Savin-Williams the Division 44 Distinguished Scientific Award for his work in the Psychological Study of Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Issues. 
2005: The American Psychological Association awarded Savin-Williams the Division 44 Distinguished Book Award for "The New Gay Teenager" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9888798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888798" title="Martin J. Sherwin">
Martin J. Sherwin

Martin J. Sherwin is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American historian. His scholarship mostly concerns the history of the development of atomic energy and nuclear proliferation.
Sherwin received his B.A. from Dartmouth College and his Ph.D. in history from the University of California, Los Angeles. He was the long-time Walter S. Dickson professor of English and American history at Tufts University until his retirement in May 2007. He is now a professor emeritus of Tufts and a University Professor at George Mason University.
He has received numerous awards and grants besides those listed here.
He and co-author Kai Bird shared the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography in 2006, for their book on Robert Oppenheimer's life, titled "". Sherwin worked on the book for two decades before Bird, a writer (and not a historian), came on to collaborate in piecing all his research together.
Sherwin also wrote "", which won the Stuart L. Bernath Prize, and the National Historical Society's American History Book Prize. A previous book on nuclear policy was a runner-up for the Pulitzer.
Sherwin serves on the board of "The Nation" magazine, to which he is a regular contributor. While a professor at Princeton University, he taught and mentored Katrina vanden Heuvel, now editor-in-chief of "The Nation".
He lives in Washington, D.C. with his wife, Susan. His daughter is a graduate of and a professor at Tufts.

</doc>
<doc id="9888800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888800" title="TEDDY">
TEDDY

TEDDY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9888803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888803" title="Estonian nationalism">
Estonian nationalism

Estonian nationalism refers to the ideological movement for attaining and maintaining identity, unity and autonomy on behalf of a population deemed by some of its members to constitute an Estonian cultural unit of population with a separate homeland, shared ancestral myths and memories, a public culture, common economy and common legal rights and duties for all members.
Emergence of Estonian National identity in the 19th century.
Estonian nationalism arose relatively late, when German pastors influenced by the European Enlightenment started to explore the culture of the Estonian peasantry. It grew into a strong popular cultural movement in the second half of the 19th century through the increasing access to education.
A prominent figure in Estonian nationalism is scribe Carl Robert Jakobson. During the late 19th century, Carl Robert made large financial contributions focused on the restoration of Estonian culture and history. He financed major reconstructions of the Estonian Alexander School Politically, however, Jakobson was misunderstood and misrepresented, and found little support among peasantry.
Another prominent figure in Estonian national history is the Estonian poetess, Lydia Koidula who voiced the ideas of having an independent and sovereign Estonia in the 19th century. Lydia Koidula used poetry to inspire cultural revival to the Estonian people and strive to overthrow the injustice. Koidula died in Kronstadt on August 11, 1886, the day after Madeleine of Valois' 366th birthday. She is regarded as a national hero, not only by the citizens of Estonia, but by Estonians that live throughout the world. Her collection of poetry Emajõe Ööbik was the second book almost in each Estonian household in the beginning of 20th century after the Bible. She became a symbol of the national cultural revival of Estonia.
Estonian nationalism in the 20th century.
World War I.
With the collapse of the Russian Empire a political entity which encompassed political, community, cultural, and professional organizations was established in Tallinn from the initiative from the Association of the Estonian Progressionists (abbr. EPA). This entity was called the "Estonian Provincial Assembly" (Maapäev) and was headed by the historian, Artur Vallner. On November 28, 1917, the Estonian Provincial Assembly declared Estonia an independent country. This independence was recognized by the Russian government headed by Lenin, as well as the Central Powers and other states in 1920. However, this government did not survive very long because of pressures not only from Nikolai Yudenich's Russian White movement, but also the Red Army, German and Entante intervention, and local banditism (Estonian Red Riflemen of Anwelt).
World War II.
With the outbreak of war between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union in 1941, many nationalists in Estonia thought that they would have an opportunity to create an independent country once again, and collaborated with Nazi administration and military units. However, the German treatment of the local population quickly put an end to this.
The Estonian partisans was a military group that took up arms first against the Nazis and later against the Soviets. Interestingly, the Estonian partisans were not only ethnic Estonians, but also Ingrians, Latvians, Russians, and Jews. During World War II, the Estonian partisans fought against the German, and Soviet forces. After the Second World War, Estonian partisans took actions directed against Soviet rule within Estonia. Many members of the Estonian partisans saw themselves as the armed wing of the Estonian people in its struggle for Estonian independence.
Estonian partisans maintains a prominent and symbolic role in Estonian history and the quest for Estonian independence. At the same time it was deemed an insurgent or terrorist group by Soviet historiography.
Niall Ferguson writes that around 2,000 Jews and Romani people were murdered then by Estonian nationalists. Norman Davies in his book "No Simple Victory: World War II in Europe, 1939-1945" puts the number of murdered Estonian civilians at between 20,000 and 50,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9888809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888809" title="In This Moment">
In This Moment

In This Moment is an American heavy metal band from Albany, New York, formed by singer Maria Brink and guitarist Chris Howorth in 2005. They found drummer Jeff Fabb and started the band as Dying Star. Unhappy with their musical direction, they changed their name to In This Moment and gained two band members, guitarist Blake Bunzel and bassist Josh Newell. In late 2005, bassist Newell left the band and was replaced by Pascual Romero, who in turn was quickly replaced by Jesse Landry. Landry was replaced by Kyle Konkiel in 2009 and Konkiel was replaced by Travis Johnson in 2010. Jeff Fabb and Blake Bunzel left the band in 2011, and were replaced by Tom Hane and Randy Weitzel respectively.
Their debut album, "Beautiful Tragedy", was released in 2007. Their second album, titled "The Dream" was released the following year debuting at number 73 on the "Billboard" 200. The band's third album, "A Star-Crossed Wasteland" was released in 2010, and their fourth album titled "Blood" was released in August 2012 and debuted at number 15. They have performed on several notable tours and festivals including Ozzfest in 2007 and 2008, Warped Tour in 2009, Download Festival in 2009 and 2013, Mayhem Festival in 2010, Music as a Weapon V tour in 2011, And the Uproar Festival in 2012. They played in the Carnival of Madness tour along with Shinedown, Papa Roach, Skillet and We As Human to support their latest 2012 release "Blood" .
History.
Formation and "Beautiful Tragedy" (2005–2008).
In August 2005, singer Maria Brink and guitarist Chris Howorth met through some common friends. After becoming acquainted, and finding that there was much in common between them, they began writing songs together. Soon thereafter they enlisted the help of Los Angeles drummer Jeff Fabb and formed the band Dying Star. Unhappy with where the band was headed, they decided to take on a new musical direction. By mid-2005, the lineup included Brink, Howorth, Fabb, guitarist Blake Bunzel, and bassist Josh Newell. The band recorded demos and posted them on MySpace. During the winter of 2005, Newell departed from the band to focus on his other project, Ketaset, as well as his audio engineering work. Producer Pascual Romero was then the bassist for a time before friend of the band Jesse Landry was eventually tapped to round out the band permanently. Rob "Blasko" Nicholson, the bassist for Ozzy Osbourne became the band's manager after discovering them through MySpace.
By the end of the 2005, In This Moment had generated a fanbase through internet marketing and do-it-yourself touring. This sparked an interest from Century Media Records, and a worldwide record deal followed. The band released their debut album "Beautiful Tragedy" on March 20, 2007, backed by the singles "Prayers", and title track "Beautiful Tragedy". The album was produced by Eric Rachel and combined sounds of metalcore and hard rock while the lyrics drew from Brink’s personal experiences about abandonment and tragedies. The vocals on the songs alternate between Brink’s singing and screaming. The band performed on several tours including The Hottest Chicks in Metal Tour 2007 with Lacuna Coil, Ozzfest in the summers of 2007 and 2008, Megadeth, and the Rob Zombie and Ozzy Osbourne tour. They recorded a cover of Lacuna Coil's "Heaven's a Lie" with the band Manntis as part of "Century Media Records's "Covering 20 Years of Extreme" cover album.
"The Dream" and "A Star-Crossed Wasteland" (2008–2011).
In This Moment released their second album entitled "The Dream" on September 30, 2008. The album received mostly positive reviews and marked the band's debut on the "Billboard" 200, debuting at number 73. The album was produced by Kevin Churko and featured a less heavy approach, with a bigger focus on clean vocals from Brink. The song "Forever" was released as the album's lead single. To support the release, the band went on tour with Five Finger Death Punch, Mudvayne, Papa Roach, and Filter. They also appeared on the Give It a Name tour in the UK and were on the 2009 Warped Tour line-up, playing on the Ernie Ball Stage. They also played at Download Festival 2009 on the second stage. A cover of Blondie's "Call Me" was released as the second single from "The Dream". The cover appears on the special edition, titled "The Dream: Ultraviolet Edition" to coincide with Warped Tour, which included unreleased tracks and acoustic performances.
The band embarked on their first headlining tour titled A Winter to Remember Tour, bringing along In Fear and Faith, Agraceful, and Motionless in White as support.
In the fall of 2009, Maria Brink and Chris Howorth announced that the band has begun writing for the next album, citing it to be darker and heavier. Brink revealed the album title "A Star-Crossed Wasteland" on her official site in February 2010. After being named the Hottest Chick in Metal at the "Revolver" Golden God awards in April 2010, Maria Brink stated in an interview that "A Star-Crossed Wasteland" will be released on July 13, 2010. The album's first single, "The Gun Show" was released to iTunes on June 1, 2010. The album sold 10,500 copies, debuting at number 40 which is the band's highest chart performance to date.
In the summer of 2010, the band played Mayhem Festival 2010 alongside Korn, Rob Zombie, Five Finger Death Punch, Hatebreed, Shadows Fall and other bands. On September 24, 2010 In This Moment officially released a video for the single, "The Promise", shot and directed by David Brodsky. On November 21, 2010, it was announced that In This Moment would play alongside Sevendust, Disturbed and Korn in the Music as a Weapon V tour. Some shows were canceled at the end of the first leg of the tour due to illness of Disturbed singer David Draiman. The second leg of the tour continued as scheduled.
Soon after Music as a Weapon, the band went on another headling tour titled the Hell Hath No Fury Tour, along with Straight Line Stitch, System Divide, and Sister Sin. The band was also part of the All Stars Tour along with acts such as Alesana, Blessthefall, Sleeping with Sirens, among others.
"Blood" (2011–2014).
In May 2011, In This Moment posted on Facebook that they are working on new material for a new album hoping for a 2012 release. It appears that this new release will be recorded without founding members Jeff Fabb and Blake Bunzel, who are both working with James Durbin as of September, 2011. In November 2011, In this Moment took part in the ShipRocked cruise alongside Candlebox, Hinder, Filter, Sevendust, Buckcherry, and many more. "Blood" will be the first album since the band have parted ways with longtime manager, Blasko. "Blood" was revealed to be the album's title on April 6, 2012. On May 14, 2012, it was announced that the album will be released on August 14, 2012. "Blood" was released as the album's first single on June 12, 2012. The album artwork and track listing for "Blood" were released on June 18, 2012.
To support "Blood", the band went on a mini headlining tour showcasing a few new songs. Later in 2012, they went on to support Shinedown and Papa Roach on their U.S. headlining summer tour along with Mindset Evolution.
In This Moment were a part of the 2012 Uproar Festival along with bands such as Shinedown, Godsmack, Staind, Papa Roach, and others.
In This Moment appeared on the 2012 ShipRocked music cruise & Rock on the Range, along with bands such as Godsmack, Korn, Five Finger Death Punch, P.O.D., Sevendust, Filter, Fuel, Black Stone Cherry, Pop Evil, LIT, Helmet, Geoff Tate, Gilby Clarke, Dead Sara and others.
In This Moment were the supporting act for Halestorm from November 8 to December 14, 2012. The band has tours lined up for March, April, May and June of 2013, (including performing at Download Festival), followed by a slot on the 2013 Carnival of Madness Tour. The band are currently working on a music video for their song "Whore". Pictures that have been released by the band show a character feature from Chris Motionless of Motionless In White
On April 16, 2013, In This Moment announced on Facebook that they will be filming their first concert DVD at the Orpheum Theater in Madison, WI.The show was filmed on May 21 and features a special stage setup, costume changes, props, and dancers. This show marked the first appearance of the Blood girls on stage. The setlist composed heavily on "Blood" and a cover of Nine Inch Nails' Hurt, which is omitted from the release. The DVD/BluRay also features interviews with Maria and behind the scenes footage. The film was Directed by Brad Golowin and the live audio was mixed and mastered by Producer Kevin Churko.
Towards the end of 2013, the band headlined The Hellpop Tour with Motionless In White, West Hollywood heavy metal ensemble All Hail The Yeti, and Kyng. A second leg will resume in early 2014 with Butcher Babies, Devour the Day, All Hail The Yeti and Los Angeles melodic metal quartet Before the Mourning.
Planned 5th Studio Album & New Record Deal (2014-pres.).
In This Moment announced on February 5, 2014 that they had left their Century Media Records label that had produced their previous four studio albums and signed a new deal with Atlantic Records. They also said that they are set to enter the studio on February 23 to record their fifth studio album and follow up their break out album "Blood," released in 2012. Chris Howorth says, “We have a bunch of ideas and the way we did ‘Blood’ was different than we’d done any album before. We brought ideas and pieces and parts into the studio and wrote each song in the studio, one at a time. All the other albums we had the songs formatted and together already. So we’re going to do the same thing again. We’re gonna try to replicate the magic of ‘Blood’ and try to take the style and sound we had for ‘Blood’ and just do it bigger and better while still keeping true to that same vibe. That’s our sound. We feel like we found something and want to stick the flag in the ground on top of that hill.” The band is working with producer Kevin Churko once again and hopes to have their music out by the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="9888811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888811" title="Black-winged lovebird">
Black-winged lovebird

The Black-winged Lovebird ("Agapornis taranta") also known as Abyssinian Lovebird is a mainly green bird of the parrot family. At about 16.5 cm (6.5 inches) long, it is the largest of the lovebird genus, a group of small parrots. The adult male is easily identified by its red forehead, and the adult female by its all green head. They are native to Eritrea and Ethiopia, and they are uncommon as pets.
Description.
The Black-winged Lovebird, with a length of about 16–16.5 cm (6.25–6.5 inches), is the largest of all the lovebirds. It is sexually dimorphic, as are the Red-headed Lovebird and Grey-headed Lovebird of the lovebird genus. The dimorphism becomes apparent in juvenile birds after their first molt at about eight or nine months of age. Both the male and female Black-winged Lovebird are mostly green, and only the adult male Black-winged Lovebird has a red forehead and a ring of red feathers around its eyes.
The tail is black tipped and feathers below the tail show a yellowish colour. The rump and feathers above the tail are light green. In the male feathers under the wing are typically black, and in the female the feathers under the wing are typically greenish or brownish black. Both sexes have a red beak and gray feet.
Habitat.
The natural habitat for a Black-winged Lovebird is typically from southern Eritrea to southwestern Ethiopia and they normally live in either high plains or mountainous regions.
Behavior.
Food and feeding.
Sunflower seeds, corn, apples and mission figs are typical of an Abyssinian Lovebird diet.
Breeding.
The Black-winged Lovebird nests in a tree cavity. The eggs are white and there are usually three or four eggs in a clutch. The female incubates the eggs for 23 days, and the chicks fledge from the nest about 45 days after hatching.
Status.
Widespread and a common species throughout its habitat range, the Black-winged Lovebird is evaluated as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Aviculture.
In aviculture the Black-winged Lovebird has not become well established as a breeding bird, although it can tolerate cold weather. Breeding in aviculture is on a small scale, so it is an uncommon pet.

</doc>
<doc id="9888817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888817" title="Ercole I d'Este, Duke of Ferrara">
Ercole I d'Este, Duke of Ferrara

Ercole I d'Este (26 October 1431 – 15 June 1505) was Duke of Ferrara from 1471 until 1505. He was a member of the House of Este. He was nicknamed "North Wind" and "the Diamond".
Biography.
Ercole was born at Ferrara to Nicolò III and Ricciarda da Saluzzo. His maternal grandparents were Thomas III of Saluzzo and Marguerite of Roussy. 
He was educated at the Neapolitan court of Alfonso, king of Aragon and Naples, from 1445 to 1460; there he studied military arts, chivalry, and acquired the appreciation for architecture "all'antica" and the fine arts, which would result in his becoming one of the most significant art patrons of the Renaissance. 
In 1471, with the support of the Republic of Venice, he became Duke on the death of his half-brother Borso, profiting of the absence of the latter's son, Niccolò, who was in Mantua.
In 1482-1484 he fought a war with the Republic of Venice, which was allied with Ercole's nemesis, the Della Rovere Pope Sixtus IV, occasioned by the salt monopoly, the War of Ferrara. Ercole was able to end the war by ceding the Polesine at the Peace of Bagnolo, and Ferrara escaped the fate of destruction or absorption into the papal dominions, but the war was a humiliation for Ercole, who lay sick and immobilized while the besieging army destroyed Este properties in the surrounding neighbourhoods.
After this, he remained neutral in the Italian War of 1494-1498, and tried for the rest of his rule to improve relations with the Papal states. He reluctantly agreed to the marriage of his son Alfonso to Lucrezia Borgia, daughter of Pope Alexander VI, a marriage that brought notable territorial donations. 
His subsequent career as a patron may be seen to some extent as compensation for the early military setback: significantly, Ercole was the only Italian ruler who characterized himself as "divus" on his coinage, like a Roman emperor.
The scale and consistency of Ercole's patronage of the arts was in part a political and cultural statement. He hosted theatrical representations with elaborate scenery and musical intermezzi, some of the first purely secular theatre in Europe since Antiquity and was successful in setting up a musical establishment which was for a few years the finest in Europe, overshadowing the Vatican chapel itself. For the next century Ferrara was to retain the character of a center of avant-garde music with a decidedly secular emphasis. In music history Ercole was one of the Italian nobles most responsible for bringing the talented Franco-Flemish musicians from northern Europe into Italy. The most famous composers of Europe either worked for him, were commissioned by him, or dedicated music to him, including Alexander Agricola, Jacob Obrecht, Heinrich Isaac, Adrian Willaert, and Josquin des Prez, whose "Missa Hercules dux Ferrariae" not only is dedicated to him, but is based on a theme drawn from the syllables of the Duke's name.
Ercole is equally famous as a patron of the arts, as much an expression of his conscious magnificence as his cultivated aloofness, grave and stern as befitted the new ducal rank of Ferrara (Manca 1989:524ff). He made the poet Boiardo his minister, and also brought the young Ludovico Ariosto into his household. 
Under Ercole Ferrara became one of the leading cities of Europe; it underwent substantial growth in the Ercolean Addition, approximately doubling in size, under Ercole's direct guidance, producing the first planned and executed urbanistic project of the Renaissance. To enclose it, he extended the city's walls, hiring architect Biagio Rossetti for the work. Many of Ferrara's most famous buildings date from his reign. 
Ercole was an admirer of church reformer Girolamo Savonarola, who was also from Ferrara, and sought his advice on both spiritual and political matters. Approximately a dozen letters between the two survive from the 1490s. Ercole attempted to have Savonarola freed by the Florentine church authorities, but was unsuccessful; the reformist monk was burned at the stake in 1498.
In 1503 or 1504, Ercole asked his newly hired composer Josquin des Prez to write a musical testament for him, structured on Savonarola's prison meditation "Infelix ego". The result was the "Miserere", probably first performed for Holy Week in 1504, with the tenor part possibly sung by the Duke himself.
Ercole died in 1505, and his son Alfonso became Duke.
Family and issue.
Ercole and Eleonora had six children: 
Ercole had two illegitimate children:

</doc>
<doc id="9888819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888819" title="Amédée Borrel">
Amédée Borrel

Amédée Borrel (1867 – 15 September 1936) was a French biologist born in Cazouls-lès-Béziers, Hérault.
He studied natural sciences at the University of Montpellier, where he earned his degree in 1890. From 1892 to 1895, Borrel worked in the laboratory of Ilya Ilyich Metchnikoff (1845–1916) at the Pasteur Institute in Paris. Here he performed research of tuberculosis, and with Alexandre Yersin (1863–1943) and Léon Charles Albert Calmette (1863–1933), he worked on a vaccine against bubonic plague. With Yersin and Calmette, he co-published the treatise "Le microbe de la peste à bubons" concerning the plague bacillus. He is also credited for pioneer investigations on the viral theory of cancer.
From 1896 to 1914 he served as laboratory chief of the microbiology course at the Pasteur Institute. In 1919 he attained the chair of bacteriology at the University of Strasbourg.
A genus of bacteria called "Borrelia" is named after Amédée Borrel, as are "Borrel bodies", which are tiny virus-containing granules that cluster to form "Bollinger bodies", which in turn are found in tissue cells of fowlpox. Bollinger bodies are named after German pathologist Otto Bollinger (1843–1909). 
In 1900 he became a member of the "Société de biologie". During World War I, Borrel developed one of the earliest known gas masks.

</doc>
<doc id="9888821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888821" title="Trimean">
Trimean

In statistics the trimean (TM), or Tukey's trimean, is a measure of a probability distribution's location defined as a weighted average of the distribution's median and its two quartiles:
This is equivalent to the average of the median and the midhinge:
The foundations of the trimean were part of Arthur Bowley's teachings, and later popularized by statistician John Tukey in his 1977 book which has given its name to a set of techniques called Exploratory data analysis.
Like the median and the midhinge, but unlike the sample mean, it is a statistically resistant L-estimator with a breakdown point of 25%. This beneficial property has been described as follows:
Efficiency.
Despite its simplicity, the trimean is a remarkably efficient estimator of population mean. More precisely, for a large data set (over 100 points) from a symmetric population, the average of the 20th, 50th, and 80th percentile is the most efficient 3 point L-estimator, with 88% efficiency. For context, the best 1 point estimate by L-estimators is the median, with an efficiency of 64% or better (for all "n"), while using 2 points (for a large data set of over 100 points from a symmetric population), the most efficient estimate is the 29% midsummary (mean of 29th and 71st percentiles), which has an efficiency of about 81%. Using quartiles, these optimal estimators can be approximated by the midhinge and the trimean. Using further points yield higher efficiency, though it is notable that only 3 points are needed for very high efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="9888825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888825" title="Gunilla Hutton">
Gunilla Hutton

Gunilla Hutton (May 15, 1944) is a Swedish-born American actress and singer, perhaps most notable for her roles as the second Billie Jo Bradley on "Petticoat Junction" (1965–1966), and as a regular cast member in the television series "Hee Haw" until 1992.
Hutton has also appeared in "Perry Mason", "The Love Boat", and "Murder Can Hurt You" (1980).
Personal Life.
Hutton attended Arlington Heights High School in Fort Worth, Texas. Hutton has also appeared on such game shows as "Match Game", "Password" and "Family Feud". 

</doc>
<doc id="9888835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888835" title="Mai Mizuhashi">
Mai Mizuhashi


</doc>
<doc id="9888853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888853" title="Osteolathyrism">
Osteolathyrism

Osteolathyrism is a collagen cross-linking deficiency brought on by dietary over-reliance on the seeds of "Lathyrus sativus" or grass pea, a legume often grown as a famine crop in Asia and East Africa. Other members of the genus are also known to cause the disease, including "L. sylvestris", "L. cicera", and "L. clymenum". "L. sativus" grows well under famine conditions, often severe drought, where it is cultivated. The condition results in damage to bone and mesenchymal connective tissues.It is seen in people in combination with neurolathyrism and angiolathyrism in areas where famine demands reliance on a crop with known detrimental effects. It occurs in cattle and horses with diets overreliant upon the grass pea. Osteolathyrism is caused by a variety of osteolathyrogenic compounds, specifically excitatory amino-compounds. The most widely-studied of these compounds is beta-aminopropionitrile (BAPN), which exerts its deleterious effect by an unknown yet potently irreversible mechanism. Other instigators are ureides, semicarbazides and thiosemicarbazides, which are believed to chelate the prosthetic Cu(II)-bipyridine cofactor complex in the enzyme lysyl oxidase.
Cause.
Lysyl oxidase is an important enzyme for the creation of crosslinks between collagen triple-helices in connective tissue. By oxidizing the terminal amino group of lysine, an aldehyde is created. This aldehyde can undergo several reactions with neighboring aldehydes or amines to create strong covalent cross-links between collagen tertiary structures in bone and cartilage. The main product of these reactions is the aldimine compound dehydrohydroxylysinonorleucine. This unique crosslink can be formed by the Schiff base mechanism in which the lone pair of electrons on a primary amine react with the carbonyl carbon of an aldehyde. Other crosslinks include the formation of an α,β-unsaturated ketone via aldol condensation and hydroxylysinonorleucine. 
If these crosslinks are not formed, as in the case of osteolathyrism, the synthesis of strong mesenchymal and mesodermal tissue is inhibited. Symptoms of osteolathyrism include weakness and fragility of connective tissue (i.e., skin, bones, and blood vessels (angiolathyrism) and the paralysis of the lower extremities associated with neurolathyrism. For these reasons, compounds containing lathyrogens should be avoided during pregnancy and growth of a child. 

</doc>
<doc id="9888860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888860" title="Rhenish (disambiguation)">
Rhenish (disambiguation)

Rhenish may refer to:
Adjective:
In Music

</doc>
<doc id="9888905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888905" title="Roberto Carifi">
Roberto Carifi

Roberto Carifi, was born in 1948 in Pistoia.
He is an Italian poet, philosopher, and translator.

</doc>
<doc id="9888926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888926" title="Hannah Morris">
Hannah Morris

Hannah Morris is an artist and illustrator living in Montpelier, Vermont. Originally from Vermont, United States, she spent more than five years in Stellenbosch and Cape Town, South Africa, completing postgraduate studies in visual arts at the Stellenbosch University fine arts department, focusing on picture books in South Africa. Morris combines her undergraduate background in cultural studies with graphic art to pursue a multi-faceted career in illustration, graphic art, teaching, and arts administration.
She is the illustrator of the award-winning, multi-lingual children's book called uTshepo Mde: Tall Enough". The book is written in both Xhosa and English, and has been translated into Portuguese, Zulu, Afrikaans, and Swedish. Originally published in South Africa, it is now published in the USA by Teach Twice. She has done freelance illustration book work for women24.com, Modjaji Books, Jacana Media, Grupo SM, and New World Library.

</doc>
<doc id="9888934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888934" title="Coronary ligament of the knee">
Coronary ligament of the knee

The coronary ligaments of the knee (also known as meniscotibial ligaments) are portions of the joint capsule which connect the inferior edges of the fibrocartilaginous menisci to the periphery of the tibial plateaus.
Structure.
The coronary ligaments of the knee are continuous with the joint capsule and the menisci. 
Function.
The coronary ligaments function to connect parts of the outside, inferior edges of the medial and lateral menisci to the joint capsule of the knee. 
The medial meniscus also has firm attachments laterally to the "intercondylar area of the tibia" and medially to the tibial collateral ligament. 
The lateral meniscus has firm attachments medially to the intercondylar area via the ends of the meniscus, and posteromedially via the posterior meniscofemoral ligament, which attaches the posterior limb of the meniscus to the posterior cruciate ligament and medial femoral condyle. The lateral meniscus is not directly connected to the fibular collateral ligament, and is thus more movable than the medial meniscus.

</doc>
<doc id="9888953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888953" title="Mhlobo Jadezweni">
Mhlobo Jadezweni

Mhlobo Jadezweni (born 14 June 1954, in Dutywa, kwaGcaleka) is a South African academic. He studied at Fort Hare University. He has been attached to the Department of African Languages at Stellenbosch University since 1983, where he teaches Xhosa literature and language, and studies isiXhosa poetry. He has served on various Xhosa language boards since 1984.
Mhlobo is the author of a multi-lingual children's book called "uTshepo Mde: Tall Enough" (ISBN 978-0-620-36918-3). It is written in Xhosa and English.

</doc>
<doc id="9888963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888963" title="Ahe Airport">
Ahe Airport

Ahe Airport is an airport on Ahe (Tenukupara), an atoll in French Polynesia .
See also.
List of airports in French Polynesia

</doc>
<doc id="9888972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888972" title="Ron Widby">
Ron Widby

George Ronald "Ron" Widby (born March 9, 1945) is a retired American basketball and football player. Widby was the last four-sport letterman at the University of Tennessee to date, becoming an All-America in football and basketball and also earning one letter in both baseball and golf. In his two best sports he received All-America honors, as the nation's leading punter in college football and as a basketball wing.
Early life.
From his childhood in Knoxville, Widby showed tremendous athletic promise. One retired Knoxville sportswriter, Marvin West, recalled for a 2011 story on Widby that "he was good for his age. Every step of the way in his career, he was smooth for his age." Widby himself would recall, "I grew up with the idea I was going to win a scholarship to the University of Tennessee." He did just that, signing with Tennessee after starring as a quarterback, safety, and punter at Fulton High School in Knoxville. However, near the end of his senior football season at Fulton, he broke his arm and shoulder. Widby recovered well enough to have a strong senior basketball season.
At Tennessee.
When arriving at his hometown university, Widby initially decided to concentrate on basketball due to his high school injury. Even though he did not attend spring or fall practice with the freshman football team—at the time, freshmen were not allowed to play NCAA varsity sports—the football team kept him on scholarship in hopes he would change his mind. As it turned out, the football coaching staff went to head basketball coach Ray Mears, telling him they needed a punter. Mears had no problem with Widby playing that position, and as Widby himself recalled in 2011, "I always enjoyed punting a football." He also played on the freshman team in another of his high school sports, baseball, hitting nearly .400.
The following year (1964–65), he had won starting positions in both football and basketball. He also hit nearly .300 in what would be his only varsity baseball season, but felt bored by that sport. He then met Tennessee's golf coach, who upon finding out that Widby had also been on Fulton's varsity golf team invited him to try out for the team. Widby would go on to earn a letter in golf in his junior year.
Sportswriter Ron Higgins would say in 2011, "Few athletes in SEC history enjoyed a better senior year in 1966-67 than Ron in both football and basketball." In football, he led the nation in punting average at 43.8 yards, while in basketball, he averaged 22.1 points and 8.7 rebounds while leading the Volunteers to a conference title. He was named a first-team All-American in both sports, and was also the SEC's basketball Player of the Year. He also thought about continuing with golf, but decided against it because it interfered with NFL contract negotiations.
Professional career.
New Orleans Saints.
Widby was selected in three professional drafts in two sports. The New Orleans Saints selected him in the fourth round of the 1967 NFL Draft. In the same year, he was chosen by the New Orleans Buccaneers in the ABA Draft and was selected in the 12th round of the 1967 NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls. Although basketball was his favorite sport, he signed with the Saints, who released him after he couldn't beat rookie undrafted free agent Tom McNeill.
New Orleans Bucaneers (ABA).
After failing to make the Saints' regular roster, he signed with the Buccaneers, playing with that team during the 1967-68 American Basketball Association season.
Dallas Cowboys.
Widby signed with the Dallas Cowboys after his release from the Saints, and remained on the team's taxi squad through the 1967 season. In 1968 season he became the starting punter and recorded a franchise and a NFL record, with an 84 yard punt against his former team the Saints.
In 1970 he set a Super Bowl record with nine punt attempts, while playing against the Baltimore Colts in Super Bowl V. In 1971 he played in Super Bowl VI and became the second Cowboys punter to be named to the Pro Bowl (Sam Baker was the first).
To make room for rookie punter Marv Bateman who could also place kick if needed, he was traded in September 1972 to the Green Bay Packers along with cornerback Ike Thomas, for a 1973 second round draft choice. The Cowboys would use the draft choice to select Golden Richards. Even so, his greatest professional fame would come from his time with the Cowboys, where he never averaged under 40 yards.
Green Bay Packers.
He played two seasons for the Packers before suffering a ruptured spinal disc in a freak accident, that would cost him the last two games of 1973, all of the 1974 season and eventually would end his career. He averaged 41.8 yards per punt in 1972 and 43.1 yards in 1973.
Personal life.
He later became a club pro at a country club in Texas, and once he turned 50, he entered the qualifying school for the Senior PGA Tour twice, just missing out on his second attempt. As of 2011, he is now semi-retired and living in Wichita Falls, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9888993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9888993" title="Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret">
Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret

The Whispered Secret, previously published as Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven, a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert, Oklahoma, and Winter Frore, a neglected girl, as they seek to bring Geth back to his former state.
Plot introduction.
After escaping a deranged dream-master and destroying the hidden gateway, Leven Thumps and his band of travelers must now journey across Foo and restore Geth from his shape as a toothpick to the rightful king he once was. But Foo is still in chaos, and Leven must overcome several adversaries and survive the Swollen Forest in order to save his friends and keep hope alive. As fate would have it, nothing goes as planned, and even Geth begins to wonder if they will succeed. Bad goes to worse as Leven digs up a long buried secret- one that stalks him, determined to whisper a truth that could be deadly in the wrong hands. Through it all, Leven finds the courage to do what is right and continues to discover an inner strength and a power he never thought possible.
Characters.
Leven Thumps.
Leven is fourteen years old, and he is an offing. He is the grandson of Hector Thumps, who was the maker of the gateway between reality and Foo. Leven can manipulate the future with his offing gifts. Leven is often called Lev, and his eyes burn gold when he uses his gift. He has a patch of white hair, which his guardians said had come when he had been frightened out of his wits one night.
Lev had been born on October fifteenth, at 2:30 in the morning. His mother, Maria Thumps, died in childbirth, shortly after naming him. His father had died in a car accident a week before Leven had been born. As he lay as an orphan, the nurses and doctors had debated on what to do with him. Then his mother's half-sister, Addy Graph, came by to pick him up. She had been snappy and mean, and took him away. Even then, Clover had been with him.
His new parents wouldn't stand to hear Leven talk or fuss. So from when he was little, he had slept in an old bed at the back porch of their trailer house. He didn't really care, though. He enjoyed counting stars and tracing long branches of the tree that was Geth. Since Addy had been terrified of Leven's possible friends coming to steal from her, Leven had been forbidden to hang around with other kids, so he had been alone for a long time - until he met Clover, which was the first domino in a set of dominoes that were adventures in his life. Then he met the love, and best friend of his life, Winter. They later realized their true destiny in the world.
Winter Frore.
Winter is a nit, which means she has a special talent (the talent of freezing things). She was born in Reality, but when she was young, she was accidentally sent to Foo. Later, she was spirited away to Earth by Amelia. She had remembered Foo before, but had forgotten it, only to have it remain dormant in her mind. She has pale skin, white-blond hair and deep green eyes. Winter's given name is actually Judy.
Before she had been born, Winter's father had left months ago, and her mother wasn't exactly overjoyed with her child. Her adoptive mother, Janet, wasn't exactly the parenting type, either. She had smiled twice in her life, and was bitter most of the time. Her adoptive mother was terribly cruel, and Winter was stuck living with her. She usually spent her time in the library, having no friends.
The only light in her dim life was a family called the Tuttles. They lived in a small, ramshackle house two blocks away from Winter and Janet. Tim Tuttle was a garbage man, and Wendy Tuttle was a kind woman, with two boys, Darcy and Rochester, who were eight and six. They were the only happiness in Winter's life. However, Janet did not approve of her going over to their house, so she had forbidden those visits. But Winter sneaked out and still visited.
On her thirteenth birthday, Winter realized her talent, and later set upon a journey. She runs away with Leven, Geth, and Clover to the mystical world of Foo. She also has a burning love for Leven that is thoroughly recognized when they accidentally let a longing lose.
Geth.
Geth is the rightful ruler of Foo. His soul was placed into a seed of a Fantrum tree by Sabine and was left for the birds, but Antsel rescued him and took him to our world. He is a lithen, meaning he believes Fate will decide everything. Currently, he is in the shape of a toothpick. However, at the end of the book, he is taken to the Fire of Turrets where he is restored to his powerful self. Geth is very wise and is rarely afraid because he is a lithen. He was formed into a toothpick after the seed he was in grew into a tree, and was cut down by Leven Thumps "father". Unfortunately, half of Geth's soul went into another toothpick named Ezra. The part of Geth that is not connected to rest of itself is his anger, which means that Ezra is one confused, angry, little toothpick.
Sabine.
The darkest and most evil being in Foo. He is the antagonist of the book. He, as well as Winter, are Niteons, or Nits are they are more commonly called. Both of them have the same power, the ability to freeze objects and people. But, in book one, Sabine blown into little bits and pieces, with one half in Foo and the other in Reality. In this form Sabine no longer has the abitlity to freeze things like Winter.
Clover Ernest.
Clover is a wise-cracking sycophant from Foo, sent to look after Leven, who is his burn. He constantly tries to find a nickname for Leven (many of which include Chief and Big Man), as Winter calls Leven or Lev. Clover has the power to over shadow other people, and as a sycophant there is only one way that he can die, but only the sycophants know what that is. At the end of the book, however, Leven is told a secret that may be the key to killing sycophants. Sycophants wear silver robes at all times, this gives them the power to turn invisible when the hood is pulled up. In this hood they also have one pocket, but this pocket is like a void. It continues to amaze Leven every time Clover pulls more and more things out of this "void".
Jamoon.
Jamoon is a rant who is one of Sabine's minions. He has now become the main villain of the story as some particles of Sabine were eaten by birds which soon died and yet still lived on. As Jamoon's minions and source of all his power, they cannot be killed and are determined to do Jamoon's command.
Tim Tuttle.
Tim Tuttle was at one point Winter's neighbor. He has cared for her over the years. Once she goes missing, he searches for her. When he goes to the rude mother, she acts like she doesn't care.
Dennis Wood.
He just happened to have one messed up life. Yet he runs into Geth's evil half, Ezra. And so he travels to find the gateway to Foo. Along the way he runs into the evil remants of what used to be Sabine.
Ezra.
Tatum Company cut Geth's soul in half, and so his angry evil side was transferred into another toothpick. Ezra seduced Dennis into working for him, but Ezra is using him. He lives to kill Geth. Ezra is a long, fancy toothpick used to hold sandwiches together. He has a purple frill on his head and only one eye.
Glossary.
Lithen.
Lithens are the original inhabitants of Foo. They were placed there by the guiding force of Foo, fate. Their mission is to preserve the real Foo, and its place as a modifier of dreams. They are extremely honest and are believed to be incorruptible. The most prominent lithen is Geth. They live by fate, and are afraid of almost nothing.
Niteon.
Nits are also called niteons. They are humans who had been on Earth and brought to Foo. They are the working class of Foo. They are stable, and one of the best dream enhancers. After they arrive in Foo, they are given a powerful gift. For example, many nits can control ice or levitate. Winter Frore and Sabine are examples of nits, and they both can control ice.
The entire list of Nit powers are as follows:
Offing.
Offings are rare and extremely powerful. They can see and manipulate the future, such as Leven Thumps had. They can also learn other gifts. As a result, they are the most trusted confidante of the Want.
Rant.
Rants are offspring from nits, that were born with too little character to manipulate dreams successfully. They are frequently in a disarray. As dreams catch them, half of their bodies become the imagination of what the one in reality is dreaming of. They are usually dressed in long robes to hide their unstable forms. Jamoon is an example of a rant.
Sycophant.
Sycophants are assigned to those who step into Foo. They help those that come in to adjust and understand the ways. Their entire lives are spent serving their people, called their burns. There is only one way for sycophants to die, but only the sycophants know, until the secret finds Leven and tells him how. Clover is a sycophant.
Sycophants love to serve, but sometimes get sick of helping others. So they are equipped with a venom that knocks out their victims immediately, and the victims are put in a trance where they are shown scenes depicting how wonderful sycophants are.
The Want.
The Want is the invisible, but felt sage of Foo. He lives on the island of Lith, and sees every dream that comes in. He is prophetic, but a bit insane from his visions.
Cog.
Cogs are ungifted children of nits. They have no single talent, but they can manipulate and enhance dreams.
Whisp.
When those from Earth step on a partial way to get to Foo, they don't get there completely. They only partially arrive, since their bodies and souls stay on Earth feeling like they are missing something. They are called whisps, and are similar to ghosts. They are members of governing councils and boards. They are very vulnerable to flattery, and wish most for soul stones, to become whole.

</doc>
<doc id="9889001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889001" title="Manhattan Research Inc.">
Manhattan Research Inc.

Manhattan Research Inc. is a two-CD compilation of electronic music created by the musician, composer and inventor, Raymond Scott and his company, "Manhattan Research Inc." Posthumously released in 2000 by Basta Music of Holland, the album contains selected samples of Scott's work from the 1950s and 1960s for film soundtracks, commercials, and for his own technical and musical experiments. The synthesizers, sequencers, and drum-machines used were designed and constructed by Raymond Scott.
Background.
Scott would often describe Manhattan Research Inc. as "More than a think factory - a dream center where the excitement of tomorrow is made available today." The material, while never intended for commercial release, provides insight into Scott's work. Included among the tracks on the album are commercials for companies such as Ford Motor and IBM, a humorous "Audio Logo" collage entitled "Don't Beat Your Wife Every Night!", and various collaborations with Jim Henson (of Muppets fame). The album features a number of Scott's inventions including the Clavivox keyboard, Circle Machine, Bass Line Generator, Rhythm Modulator, Karloff, Bandito the Bongo Artist, and the auto-composing Electronium.
Much of the audio selections, as well as the images for the accompanying 144-page book, were culled from the University of Missouri Kansas City's extensive collection of Raymond Scott material. Album producers Gert-Jan Blom and Jeff Winner worked with several of the university's staff in choosing material for the project. During the process, the two producers were impressed by the quality and fidelity of the recordings, despite being some thirty to forty years old. Due to Scott's meticulous attention to detail, "They were so well recorded that almost no audio correction was necessary during the mastering" of the album." In the CD notes, Blom & Winner write, "Scott sought to master all aspects of sound capture and manipulation. His special interest in the technical aspects of recording, combined with the state-of-the-art facilities at his disposal, provided him with enormous hands-on experience as an engineer."

</doc>
<doc id="9889018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889018" title="Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want">
Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want

Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven, a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert, Oklahoma, and Winter Frore, a neglected girl, as they continue their journey in the land of Foo.
Plot summary.
Foo—the place between the possible and the impossible—is a realm inside the minds of each of us that allows mankind the power to hope and imagine and fly. The powerfully gifted Leven Thumps, once an ordinary fourteen-year-old boy from Oklahoma, has been retrieved from Reality and sent to stop those in Foo who are nurturing dark dreams and plan to invade and rule Reality. Hold on to your popcorn! In book three, the war to unite Foo and Reality has begun. Not only must Leven race across Foo to stop the Secret about how sycophants die. He must stop it before the deadly truth is revealed, he must travel to the island of Lith, the home of the Want—the manic dreammaster who can give Leven the gifts he needs against a foreboding army of rants and other Foo being.
Our hero, Leven, starts his journey in a hotel with Geth, Clover, and Winter. Later in the night, The Whispered Secret speaks to Leven. The secret it holds is the Secret of the Sycophants, explaining how Sycophants die. The secret blackmails Leven with the life of Clover (the secret will kill Clover if Leven refuses to unlock it). Leven unlocks it, but then sees the secret sell himself to a man, who buries it. Soon, the sycophant population on Sycophant Run hears through the Lore Coil that the sycophant secret has been revealed.
Meanwhile, Tim Tuttle meets Dennis and Ezra. Dennis is already being controlled by Sabine, and gives Tim a wristband which poisons Tim with the influence of Sabine. At this point in time, Dennis is leading the gang (instead of Ezra). The trio carjacks a van and then starts driving across the U.S. to get to the Atlantic Ocean. Dennis, Tim, and Ezra start building the gateway. When Dennis is gone, Tim remembers a secret: he hates Dennis. With this knowledge, he believes that he has the power to fight off the influence of Sabine.
When Leven and Clover get separated from Winter and Geth, their onick takes them to Lith, the island where The Want resides. Once the duo gets to Lith, they meet The Want. He looks like a human with a long, red beard. Leven starts feeling powerful emotions, because The Want sees every dream that comes in and out of Foo. The Want takes Leven to a room known as The Den of the Dead, where Antsel comes alive and gets the scoop on how things are in Foo. Leven then learns more about his past and sees his mother. Leven is then taken up to a high tower where The Want wants to have a chat him. The Want says that tonight he’ll ask Leven to do a great task for him. Leven will have to listen to his voice, and do what it instructs.
Winter and Geth’s onick flies them to a random place, where they are captured by an old defendant of Foo, named Azure, who has turned to Sabine’s side. Azure takes them the Hall of the Council of Wonder, the meeting place of the defendants of Foo where he tortures Geth by reading the names of the previous defendants who have died. Azure also says that he has tricked The Want into releasing The Dearth, the evil soil under Foo that has been controlling Sabine, into coming to Foo where it will mesh Foo and reality if it gets above ground. Azure then takes all of them to Lith, where he imprisons Geth, Winter, and two of his other servants in one cell. On the way, Azure tells Geth and Winter that he is destroying them and Leven in exchange for the location and instructions to open the second gateway to Foo. Once Winter and Geth are in the cell, Lith starts sinking, but, with the assistance of Clover, they find a way out.
Meanwhile, Tim Tuttle falls off a tree and becomes unconscious. Dennis and Ezra leave him because Ezra gets a sense that there’s another gateway, so Dennis follows him. Tim has a sudden revelation and remembers the gateway. He dives in the Konigsee and gets to Foo.
Leven is alone in a building on The Want’s instructions. Leven listens to The Want’s voice saying “come.” What The Want is doing is transferring his powers to Leven. Leven then hears the instructions telling him to thrust a sword into the darkness. Leven does, and realizes he killed The Want. While The Want is dying, he reveals that he is really the third Want, and Leven’s grandfather, Hector Thumps. He also tells him that he was sick of being the Want, and had planned for a long time to have Leven "accidentally" kill him. The Want also reveals that Leven is now The Want because he transferred the powers to him. Before Hector dies, he wishes Leven luck in saving Foo.
Soon, Leven reunites with Geth, Winter, and Clover, and Geth says that Leven being The Want will give them an advantage in saving Foo. They then continue on their journey to save Foo.
Characters.
Leven Thumps.
Leven is fourteen and is the grandson of Hector Thumps, the builder of the gateway. Lev originally knows nothing of Foo or of his heritage. He eventually discovers he is an offing who can see and manipulate the future. He is most experienced with manipulating the weather (control the wind, make it rain). Lev's brown eyes burn gold whenever his gift kicks in. Leven is also an unnatural offing in the way that he can manipulate the future over great distances. He also knows the secret of how to kill a sycophants.In the fourth book, feelings between him and Winter are made known.
Winter Frore.
Winter is thirteen, with white-blond hair and deep evergreen eyes. Her pale skin and willowy clothes give her the appearance of a neglected girl. Like Sabine, she is a nit and has the ability to freeze and thaw out whatever she wishes. She was swept away to Foo, but her thoughts and memories of her previous life are gone. Winter struggles just to figure out what her purpose is. In book two, her gift is forcefully taken away from her by a machine that she "created" in her past life. She also has a burning love for Leven.
Geth.
The heir to the throne of the land of Foo, and one of the Lithens, the people who were chosen by fate to be on Foo first. He was turned into a Fantrum seed by Sabine, and grew until Terry Graph (Leven's Uncle) chopped him down for destroying his house. Geth then became a toothpick who helped Leven on his quest to stop the war of merging Reality and Foo. In Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret Geth was returned to his old self in the turrets, and The City of Geth was restored. 
Because he is a Lithen, he is never afraid and always trusts in fate. He is also incredibly optimistic, though that is probably more because when he was a tree and dropped into a processor at the Tactum Company toothpick section, a part of him was shaved off and placed in a different toothpick. The part chopped off was all his anger and confusion, leaving a happy, carefree Lithen as Geth.
Geth has long, dark blonde hair and bright blue eyes. He's very old, but still looks very young. His height is originally tall, but it fluctuates during the books due to part of him being missing. In this book he shrinks. He is told to always wear a look of wonder and amazement on his face.
Clover Ernest.
He is a wise-cracking sycophant from Foo, sent by the nit Antsel to look after Leven, who becomes his burn. Anstel is also Clovers previous burn. He constantly tries to find a nickname for Leven (many of which include Chief and Big Man), as Winter calls Leven Lev. Clover is extremely loyal but often tricks Leven into trying various candies which causes Leven to turn into or become or forget certain things.(i.e. Leven turns to goo, or Leven forgets what he is doing.) Clover has the power to turn invisible with his cloak, and as a sycophant there is only one way that he can die, but only the sycophants and Leven know what that is.
Clovers bite puts people to sleep and makes them love sycophants for a few hours when they wake up.
Ezra.
Ezra is Geth's other half. When Geth was turned into a toothpick, the bad was cut out of him and made into a toothpick that then became Ezra. Ezra is rude and is a devil toothpick that only knows hate. in the second book, Ezra is picked up by a man named Dennis who is or was a janitor for a high dollar business.
Dennis.
Dennis is an emotionally troubled man that stumbles upon a mass of tiny evil, this evil happens to be Ezra, the toothpick. He was not loved as a child and is not appreciated for his hard work at his job. During a flight to Germany, the evil Sabine is captured by Ezra as hazen maul the plane bringing it to a hault above an interstate. Slowly Sabine starts to take over Dennis leaving him an even emptier shell of a man than he was before. Dennis lacks the ability to dream.
Awards.
"Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo" won the Benjamin Franklin award from the Independent Book Publishers Association in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9889024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889024" title="1995 Davis Cup">
1995 Davis Cup

The 1995 Davis Cup was the 84th edition of the most important tournament between nations in men's tennis. A total of 115 nations participated in the tournament. In the final, the United States defeated Russia at Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia, on 1–3 December.
World Group Qualifying Round.
Date: 22–24 September

</doc>
<doc id="9889056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889056" title="Coronary ligament (disambiguation)">
Coronary ligament (disambiguation)

There are two structures in human anatomy given the name coronary ligament:

</doc>
<doc id="9889063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889063" title="Billy Van Heusen">
Billy Van Heusen

Billy Van Heusen (born August 27, 1946) was a professional football punter and wide receiver who played for the Denver Broncos from 1968 to 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9889078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889078" title="Innovative Solutions &amp; Support">
Innovative Solutions &amp; Support

Innovative Solutions & Support, Inc. is an avionics company based in Exton, Pennsylvania, USA. IS&S designs, develops, manufactures and markets flight information computers, flat-panel displays and advanced monitoring systems to the military, airline, manufacturer and corporate/general aviation markets. IS&S initially limited itself to retrofits only, but in 2007 the first OEM contract was signed with Eclipse Aviation.
History.
1988: IS&S Founded by Geoffrey Hedrick.
1989: Developed the Digital Fuel Quantity Indicating System (FQIS) for the A-10, DC-10, DC-9, and KC10.
1990s: Received SSBA Altimeter Contracts for the F-16, F5, A10, and T2.<br>
Developed the C130H Engine Instruments for Lockheed.<br>
FAA granted RVSM Certification for the Gulfstream GII and KC-135.<br>
Awarded KC-135 RVSM Production Contract for approximately 600 aircraft.<br>
Completed C-9 RVSM compliance for the United States Navy. 
2000: Initial Public Offering.<br>
Integrated Flat Panel Display Certification on PC-12.
2001: Certified various RVSM solutions for Business Jets.<br> 
FAA granted Boeing 727 and Boeing 737 RVSM Certification.<br>
Developed the Cockpit/IP Flat Panel Display System.
2002: Won contract to supply the USAF A-10 with IS&S Central Air Data Computer (CADC) <br>
Delivered Digital Air Data Computer (DADC) replacements for the NASA T-38.<br>
Received US Navy contract for the P-3 TITI Indicator.
2003: Awarded US Navy NAVSEA LCAC Flat Panel Cockpit Upgrade program.<br>
Awarded AROCDU / Pilot Mission Display (PMD) for Boeing 767 Tanker Program.<br>
Received RAAF C-130 DADC replacement contract. 
2004: Surpassed 35 RSVM certifications with air data partners in the aftermarket.<br>
Launched LCAC Flat Panel Cockpit Upgrade for the US Navy NAVSEA.<br>
Awarded contract for USAF A-10 CADC Production Option.
2005: Foreign Military C-130 Flat Panel Engine Instrument Display System (EIDS).<br>
Completed STC and TSO for Boeing Flat Panel EFIS Display System with ABX Air.<br>
Contract for KDC-10 Flat Panel Display System.
2006: Received Pilatus PC-12 EFIS Flat Panel display STC from the FAA.<br>
Signed multiple Pilatus PC-12 STC Distributorship Agreements.<br>
FAA granted Boeing 757 STC and TSO approval for Flat Panel EFIS Display System.<br>
Awarded USAF SSBA Altimeter contract for the F-16 and A10 aircraft.
2007: Signed American Airlines contract to retrofit their fleet of Boeing 757/767 with IS&S Cockpit/IP.<br>
Eclipse Aviation awards Avio NG integrated flat panel display contract to IS&S.<br>
Signed Cessna agreement to retrofit Citations 500, 501, 550, S550, 560, and 650.<br>
Awarded US Coast Guard C-130 Flat Panel Engine Instrument Display System upgrade.
2008: Introduced the Vantage Flat Panel Display system with an open architecture to interface with most third party avionics.<br>
Eclipse Aviation successfully completes Eclipse 500 first flight with Avio NG avionics suite.<br>
First delivery of Eclipse 500 aircraft with IS&S Cockpit/IP displays.<br>
American Airlines First flight with IS&S Cockpit/IP displays.<br>
Partnered with Finnoff Aviation to bolster Pilatus PC-12 Cockpit/IP display sales.
Products.
Air data.
IS&S produces both air data computers, as well as the instruments necessary to display the information. Digital displays (LCDs) are incorporated within round dials, providing more information then traditional instruments. Another display option is to use a primary flight display (PFD). IS&S air data units comply with RVSM rules and the company is a major supporter of the new technology.
Engine and fuel data.
Engine and fuel information is also displayed on flat panel displays, or digital versions of traditional instruments. IS&S instruments can display a number of different measurements from various sensors placed in the engine and fuel system.
Cockpit display systems.
IS&S has developed a number of full cockpit display solutions. Packages include a Boeing 757/Boeing 767 retrofit cockpit, C-130 retrofit cockpit, and a brand new Eclipse 500 Avio Next-Generation cockpit. The retrofit products include multiple PFDs and MFDs which replace a large number of traditional instruments. The Avio Next Generation cockpit is a brand new display system developed for new Eclipse 500 very light jets.
Eclipse Partnership.
On March 5, 2007, shortly after its announcement to part with Avidyne, Eclipse Aviation published an announcement that described the Next Generation Avio System and its suppliers. Innovative Solutions & Support, Inc. was listed as the main supplier and will provide the bulk of the package, including the PFD and MFD displays and the software included with them. This agreement is one of the biggest for IS&S. The day after the announcement, IS&S stock increased almost 20%, closing at $23.10, a 20-month high. Volume increased over 500% to just over 1 million shares.

</doc>
<doc id="9889081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889081" title="Apataki Airport">
Apataki Airport

Apataki Airport is an airport in Apataki in French Polynesia . The airport is 0.2 km from the village center.
See also.
List of airports in French Polynesia

</doc>
<doc id="9889094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889094" title="Raymond Castilloux">
Raymond Castilloux

Raymond Castilloux (born November 23, 1934 in Paspébiac, Québec) is former racing cyclist, who was born in Canada. 
At age 14, he went to spend the summer in Buffalo, NY while visiting his relatives. He eventually started school there and worked as steel-worker in the open-hearth.
At age 18, he was interested in ice speed skating and in the summer he took up cycling. He participated in different races, and became a professional cyclist. He became a US citizen and became the No.1 cyclist in the 1964 classification for the Olympics of 1964 in Central Park, NY. He then represented the USA at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Ray also represented the U.S.A. in Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="9889109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889109" title="Okocim">
Okocim

Okocim is a village in Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland. Less than away from the village is Brzesko city. Okocim lies approximately south-west of Tarnów and east of the regional capital Kraków.
Since Polish administrative reorganization in 1999, Okocim is a part of Lesser Poland Voivodeship. Before the reorganization it was part of Tarnów Voivodeship (1975–1998).

</doc>
<doc id="9889116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889116" title="I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It">
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It

I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It is a memoir by former American professional basketball player Charles Barkley. is not to be confused with the collection of columns by Pulitzer Prize and H. L. Mencken Writing Award-winning columnist Michael "Mike" Royko (September 19, 1932 – April 29, 1997), copyright 1968, Library of Congress Catalog Card No. 68–31464. The book became a bestseller in 2002 and sold more than 125,000 copies. It reflects Barkley's own personality, experiences, and opinions. It explores a wide range of interests, and discusses a variety of controversial topics. Each chapter has its own theme, and ranges from politics to lack of minority control in sports. It also recounts some of Barkley's memorable experiences during his Hall of Fame NBA career, such as his involvement with Michael Jordan as a member of the legendary U.S. Olympic gold medal winning "Dream Team."

</doc>
<doc id="9889127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889127" title="WUCX-FM">
WUCX-FM

WUCX-FM, FM 90.1 in Bay City, Michigan, is licensed to Central Michigan University and operated jointly with Delta College. It airs programming (both local and syndicated) separate from WCMU-FM between 6 a.m. and 3 p.m. on weekdays, from 6 a.m. until 6 p.m. on Saturdays, and from 6 a.m. until 12 p.m on Sundays. The station simulcasts WCMU the remainder of the time. WUCX, which went on the air in September 1989, identifies as "Q90.1" (with the "Q" standing for "Quality," after its television counterpart, WDCQ) during non-simulcast day parts. Programing offers a mixture of news, talk, jazz and blues.

</doc>
<doc id="9889145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889145" title="Vagal tone">
Vagal tone

Vagal tone is an internal biological process referring to the activity of the vagus nerve, the tenth cranial nerve located in the medulla oblongata of the brainstem. The vagus nerve serves as the key component of the parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system, regulating the homeostasis (or “resting state”) of the majority of the body’s internal organ systems that operate on a largely subconscious level, such as the heart, lungs, eyes, adrenal glands, and digestive tract. Due to the regulatory nature of the PNS, vagal activity is continuous, chronic, and passive (“tone” in this usage is analogous to “tension”).
In the context of psychophysiological research, vagal tone (and specifically its influence on heart rate) represents an index for the functional state of the entire parasympathetic nervous system. Heart rate is normally controlled by multiple centers in the brainstem; one of these centers, the nucleus ambiguus, increases parasympathetic nervous system input to the heart via the vagus nerve. Vagal tone decreases heart rate by inhibiting the firing rate of the sinoatrial node (S-A node, the "pace-maker" tissue of the heart). The absolute level of cardiac vagal activity or vagal tone appears to result from the excitatory drive from peripheral baroreceptors. In animals, cardiac vagal activity disappears at very low pressures or if the afferent nerves are cut. Thus, a major determinant of resting heart rate is the beat to beat activation of the arterial baroreflex with each cardiac cycle.
Cardiac vagal tone has been treated as a physiologic substrate of regulation of emotion and arousal.
Relation to respiratory sinus arrhythmia.
Respiratory sinus arrhythmia (RSA) is a naturally occurring variation in heart rate that occurs during a breathing cycle. RSA is also a measure of parasympathetic nervous system activity - which denotes "rest and digest" behaviors.
Vagal tone cannot be directly measured. Instead, other biological processes are measured that represent the functionality of vagal tone. An increase in vagal tone both slows the heart and makes heart rate more variable (i.e. there is more beat-to-beat change between heart beats). During the process of RSA inhalation temporarily suppresses vagal activity, causing an immediate increase in heart rate. Exhalation then decreases heart rate and causes vagal activity to resume. Thus, while vagal tone is not explicitly measured, the resultant changes in heart rate are. This is done by measuring periodic changes in the heart rate during a resting state of cardiovascular activity, a process known as heart rate variability (HRV). There are about 40 published methods of quantifying HRV, but the vast majority of studies use only a few of the available measurements. Most common is high-frequency HRV, a measurement of the amount of heart rate variability there is between typical breathing cycles (approximately between 2.5 and 6.7 seconds).
On an electrocardiogram ECG, RSA is seen as subtle changes in the R-R interval (time between two of the distinctive, large, upward "R" spikes on an electrocardiogram) synchronized with respiration. The R-R interval on an ECG is shortened during inspiration and prolonged during expiration. Meditation and relaxed breathing techniques can temporarily alter RSA.
Age differences.
RSA is very pronounced in children, but without sufficient cardiovascular exercise it gradually disappears as a person approaches their teenage years. Typically, expression of RSA decreases with age; however, adults in excellent cardiovascular health, such as endurance runners, swimmers, and cyclists, are likely to have a more pronounced RSA. Professional athletes typically maintain very high vagal tone and RSA levels. RSA also becomes less prominent in individuals with diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
In general, young children with a high vagal tone level present more positive psychophysiological, behavioral, and social performance, as well as predictive outcomes in mental, motor, and social skills. Heart rate variability has been linked to a wide array of variables, including: behavioral inhibition, sympathy, instrumental coping, attention, and temperament. While a higher vagal tone is typically indicative of more adaptive functioning, newborn infants with high baseline levels of vagal tone were found to be highly reactive and irritable. By the age of five to six months, vagal tone was found to be positively related to interest and positive expressiveness, while negatively related to internalizing stress. This buffering effect continues well into adolescence; studies have found that high vagal tone in eight to twelve years olds buffers against intense verbal marital conflict. It is a very strong effect which has been shown to protect the child against some of the negative effects of parental alcoholism. With the exception of the neonatal, high baseline vagal tone levels in children lead to a variety of positive effects.
Use in research.
Methods.
Heart rate variability is measured using an electrocardiogram (ECG), which measures the amount of variability of time between heartbeats. Ten electrodes are attached to the skin and their voltages are recorded by an external device. Electrodes are applied to each wrists, and the lateral calf muscle of each leg. Six more electrodes are placed in a horizontal line between the right of the sternum and the left of the left pectoral muscle.
The results of the ECG are recorded graphically. The x-axis denotes the time between heartbeats in seconds while the y-axis represents the voltage of vagal activity in millivolts. Each square denotes 40 milliseconds in time and .1 millivolt in voltage.
Measurements of RSA in psychology research have primarily been examined in studies of adolescence, where it is used as a predictor of an individual’s emotion regulation.
Strengths as a research tool.
Measurements of HRV are widely used in psychological, biomedical and physiological research. There are several reasons for this:
1) They do not suffer as many kinds of experimental bias that are often found in verbal responses, questionnaires, or structured interviews.
2) HR is a very easy measure to take and record, compared to other physiological techniques, especially EEG or fMRI data. Measuring HR also is a relatively quick process in regards to the time between the participant entering and the recording beginning. There is a variety of free software available for the calculation of HRV indices.
3) Changes in the heart occur both immediately (within a few seconds) in the presence of interesting, shocking or attentionally-capturing stimuli, but also over long periods of time in different mood states (over several minutes) and over 24-hour sleep/wake cycles. This is more prompt than neuroendocrine or inflammatory changes.
4) In experimental work in social psychology, heart rate can be taken while social situations occur without destroying their face validity or interfering with the task. It is almost impossible to act 'naturally' in an fMRI machine, as they are extremely noisy and remove the possibility of face-to-face interaction.
Potential weaknesses.
However, there are some significant professional and technical challenges to HRV data collection and usage:
1) Data collection and analysis is frequently poorly handled. While having a broader access to research method is a very good thing, it also inevitably means that non-experts use the method.
2) HRV provides information about the autonomic nervous system, and frequently psychological researchers have a poor understanding of the interface between social/emotional/personality characteristics and the body.
3) The diverse ways of calculating HRV means unethical researchers may attempt to compare behavioral data to several of these different analyses and then pick measures which display significance rather than using the commonly accepted metrics. It is possible to justify the use of almost any of the available measures – they have all been employed somewhere.
Biological findings.
Studies have shown that the efficiency of pulmonary gas exchange is improved by RSA, suggesting that RSA may play an active physiological role. The matched timing of alveolar ventilation and its perfusion with RSA within each respiratory cycle could save energy expenditure by suppressing unnecessary heartbeats during expiration and ineffective ventilation during the ebb of perfusion (delivery of blood from arteries to capillaries for oxygenation and nutrition).
RSA or heart rate variability in synchrony with respiration is a biological phenomenon, which may have a positive influence on gas exchange at the level of the lung via efficient ventilation/perfusion matching.
Historically, respiratory sinus arrhythmia was believed to be pathological, and extended bed rest was traditionally prescribed until work by Sir James Mackenzie disproved this idea.
Yasuma, F. & Hayano, J. (2004). Respiratory sinus arrhythmia: why does the heart beat synchronize with respiratory rhythm? Chest, 125(2), 683-90. doi:10.1378/chest.125.2.683
Psychological findings.
Due to age differences in expression of RSA, the majority of vagal tone research as it relates to social behavior and human psychology has focused on children. Typically, researchers are concerned with baseline vagal tone, treating it either as a potential predictor of behavior or examining its relationship with mental health (particularly emotion).
However, it is worth noting that individual suppression of vagal tone during a particularly challenging task (“vagal reactivity”) may be influenced by regulation of attention; some studies have found that vagal tone can predict a variety of different, sometimes even opposite, effects in youth.
Studies have shown that children with high levels of vagal tone tend to exhibit greater psychophysiological health, higher mental and motor functioning, and more adaptive behavioral and social performance than those with lower vagal activity; these results hold true over a wide range of experimental contexts. There are implications that parental relationships have a significant effect on later expression of vagal tone, even surpassing the childhood years. Research indicates that children with more secure attachments with their mothers exhibited greater empathetic responsiveness, less social inhibition, and higher vagal tone, again highlighting the vagus nerve’s regulatory effect on emotional and social function.

</doc>
<doc id="9889146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889146" title="Arutua Airport">
Arutua Airport

Arutua Airport is an airport on Arutua atoll in French Polynesia . The airport is 13 km north of the village of Rautini.
See also.
List of airports in French Polynesia

</doc>
<doc id="9889179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889179" title="South Bend (Amtrak station)">
South Bend (Amtrak station)

South Bend is a train station in South Bend, Indiana. It is served by Amtrak's "Lake Shore Limited" between Chicago, Boston and New York, and "Capitol Limited" between Chicago and Washington D.C..
The station was built in 1970 when the Union Station in South Bend was abandoned and served as the terminus of the South Shore Line until November 1992, when a new terminal was built at South Bend Regional Airport. Railroads such as the New York Central Railroad and the Grand Trunk Western Railroad used South Bend Union Station, but Amtrak and the City of South Bend vouched for the use of the current station.
Bus connections.
TRANSPO

</doc>
<doc id="9889185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889185" title="Nish">
Nish

Nish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9889212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889212" title="Eliseo Payán">
Eliseo Payán

José Eliseo Payán Hurtado (1825-1895) was a Colombian lawyer, politician, and military officer. Payán as Vice President of Colombia assumed the Presidency of Colombia due to the absence of President Rafael Núñez in 1887.
Biographic data.
Payán was born in Cali, on August 1, 1825. He died in Buga, on June 30, 1895.
Early life.
Payán studied in the "Colegio Santa Libarda" in Santiago de Cali, and later graduated as a lawyer, profession he practiced mostly in the city of Buga along with commerce and other administrative jobs. He also founded the Democratic Society of Buga and produced a newspaper called ""El Sentimiento Democrático"" with the help of Manuel Antonio Scarpetta and Ramón Mercado.
Military career.
Payán enlisted in the army, and most of the time was under the orders of liberal commanders. In 1840, Payán participated in the War of the Supremes under the command of General José María Obando, fighting against the army of President José Ignacio de Márquez. Later, in 1854, he joined the army of José Hilario López in the battles against José María Melo.
Payán became a General in the army and participated in the Colombian Civil War of 1860–1862 supporting General Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera against the legitimate and constitutional government of conservative President Mariano Ospina Rodríguez.
General Payán intervened in the Colombian Civil War of 1876 to defend the government of Aquileo Parra. At the battle of "“Los Chancos”" he was taken prisoner by the conservative forces. General Julián Trujillo, commander of the Caucan Army, appointed him brigadier of a revolutionary division. He was able to confront and defeat the conservative forces in Antioquia, at the Battle of Batero.
In 1879 he organized an army to topple the president of the State of Cauca. Governor Garcés was deposed and Payan gave control to a civilian, Ezequiel Hurtado, who was then elected as President of the State of Cauca.
In 1885, Payán joins the forces of conservative President Rafael Núñez in the civil war against the liberal rebels. After the war, Núñez appoints him as Minister of War.
Political career.
After the war Payán began his political career in the Provincial Chamber of Cauca, where he became known for his oratory skills. Between 1854 and 1855 Payán served in the National Congress as representative for Cauca.
Presidente of Colombia.
After being re-elected President of Cauca, Payán who had also being elected Vice President of Colombia, had to resign his post in Cauca to replace the ailing sitting President Núñez. He assumed office on January 6, 1887 and served as president until June 4 of the same year. He once again was called to replace President Núñez on December 13, of 1882 until February 8, 1888 while the President recuperated. During his control of the presidency Payán decreed absolute freedom of press in the nation, policy that created great controversy, which forced him to resign as Vice President after the constant struggles with his opponents in Congress and the President himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9889215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889215" title="Veljko Paunović">
Veljko Paunović

Veljko Paunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Вeљкo Пауновић; born 21 August 1977) is a Serbian retired footballer.
A versatile offensive unit, he could operate as an attacking midfielder or a striker, and spent most of his professional career in Spain where he represented almost ten clubs, amassing La Liga totals of 212 games and 38 goals over the course of 11 seasons and having several spells with Atlético Madrid.
Other than in his own country, Paunović also played professionally in Germany, Russia and the United States.
Club career.
Born in Strumica, Macedonia, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Paunović made his professional debut at only 17 with FK Partizan. The following summer he moved to Spain, where he would stay for most of the following decade playing for a host of clubs, starting in the 1995–96 season with modest CA Marbella and reaching the 1998–99 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final with RCD Mallorca (with whom he scored five league goals in that campaign, to help the Balearic Islands team finish third), as well as having three separate stints with Atlético Madrid.
Paunović had his best year in 2002–03 with CD Tenerife in Segunda División, netting 18 times in 38 appearances although the insular side could only rank eighth. After a return to Atlético and a brief stay in Germany with Hannover 96, he joined Getafe CF for 2005–06's top flight, enjoying his finest season in La Liga by scoring ten goals in 30 league matches to help the Madrid outskirts club to the ninth place; due to the years spent in the country, he received a Spanish passport in 2006.
Paunović was signed by Russian Premier League's FC Rubin Kazan in March 2007, after falling out of favour with Getafe coach Bernd Schuster. The following year, he agreed a two-and-a-half year deal with UD Almería in January: his debut was a sour one, playing twenty minutes off the bench against Racing de Santander in a 1–0 away defeat, while also receiving two yellow cards in one minute (with the consequent dismissal). He would score on two occasions towards the season's end, in a 2–4 away defeat against former team Getafe and in the last matchday, a 3–1 success at RCD Espanyol.
On 12 July 2008, it was announced that Paunović signed a two-year deal with his former club Partizan. On 13 August he scored in a 2–2 draw with Turkey's Fenerbahçe SK, in a UEFA Champions League qualifying round. On 24 December however, he announced his decision to retire from the game.
On 29 June 2009, Paunović went on trial with the New York Red Bulls, but eventually turned down the one-year contract offer. In June 2011, after nearly three years out of football, the 33-year-old signed a deal with another North American club, Philadelphia Union, after a trial stint. He scored his first goal with his new team late in the month, in a 3–2 win against Chivas USA.
On 19 January 2012, Paunović officially announced his retirement for the second time.
International career.
Paunović made his debut for Serbia and Montenegro in a 2–1 friendly win with Mexico, on 13 February 2002. His last cap came two years later against Northern Ireland, on another friendly, and he scored in the 1–1 draw in Belfast.
Personal.
Paunović's father, Blagoje, was also a footballer. A defender, he too played for Partizan and represented Yugoslavia at UEFA Euro 1968, later embarking in a managerial career.
He is a member of the Gravediggers Toronto 1987 fan club.

</doc>
<doc id="9889218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889218" title="IF Finströms Kamraterna">
IF Finströms Kamraterna

IF Finströms Kamraterna ("also known as" IF Finströmskamraterna and abbreviated IFFK) is a sports and football club in Åland. The football team currently plays in Division III of the Finnish football league.
The home arena lies in Finström, a small countryside municipality on the Åland islands. The team has been the most popular and successful team on the Aland islands decades ago, playing almost regularly at the second level of the Finland's only and amateur Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9889229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889229" title="Rock 'n' Rodent">
Rock 'n' Rodent

"Rock 'n' Rodent" is a 1966-produced cartoon film, released in 1967, directed by Abe Levitow and produced by Chuck Jones, and featured music by Carl Brandt, with additional music by David Benoit.
Plot.
In Tom and Jerry's penthouse apartment room around 11:00 PM, Tom finishes reading a book and prepares to sleep, setting his alarm clock to ring in the morning. Unfortunately for Tom, this is also time for Jerry to get up. The mouse's alarm-watch rings and Jerry showers (using a wrench on a pipe) and grooms himself before setting out for a tiny elevator in the wall. He hears Tom snoring and stops briefly before he enters the elevator and descends to a nightclub with a sign that says "Le Cellar Smoqué" ("The Smoky Cellar" in French) displayed at its entrance.
Jerry arrives at the bar and has a martini (of which he only eats the cheese on the toothpick, leaving the bartender to drink the rest of the martini). Then, Jerry begins playing the drums with a band, which puts the club into full swing!
Shortly afterward, being woken up by the noise, Tom opens the elevator, only to get blasted by the music. He tries to block the elevator doors with a pillow, but it's not enough to stop the noise. He lowers a hose into the elevator shaft in hopes of drowning out the noise. His smug laughter is interrupted by Spike, who drags Tom downstairs and throws him into his flooded apartment room.
Dripping wet, Tom goes back to his own apartment room, and then decides to stop the noise at its source, by grabbing some tools and heading down to the basement through the air vents. Hearing the music through the floor, Tom saws a hole in the floor and uses the plunger, but the music is coming from a radio, and to make matters worse, Spike (whom the radio belonged to) pulls Tom up through the floor and punches him back up to his apartment room through the floors and his bed.
Now, completely bruised and sleep deprived, Tom cries over this and puts corks in his ears, wraps up his head with bandages and tries to settle down to sleep. Thankfully, the music stops, causing Tom to wake up with a start, lose the bandages, and pop the corks. Then, a tired Jerry is seen leaving the elevator toward his hole. 
Tom gleefully goes back to sleep, only to be awoken seconds later by his alarm clock, then, however, having been woken up by the noise, Jerry turns on the light in his mousehole, peeks out, and signals to Tom to turn off the alarm clock by shushing him, but this action from Jerry immediately causes Tom to scream (since Jerry kept him up all night) and run straight out through the wall leaving a Tom-shaped hole. Jerry just shrugs this off, thinking that Tom's gone bonkers, imitates Charlie Chaplin's silent film walk while going back to bed, and the cartoon ends.

</doc>
<doc id="9889230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889230" title="Sarina State High School">
Sarina State High School

Sarina State High School is located in the small rural town of Sarina, Queensland, Australia. The school had 600 students in 2013 with a reported 2 percent continuing studies at University.
Sarina State High now also boasts a marine aquarium, where there is a reef tank, freshwater tank and an estuarine tank. There is now a touch tank where students can get a literal "feel" for marine life. 
There is a A$659 vocational qualifications agricultural initiative completed at the school that has national ministerial support.
Sarina High School is one of the best Rugby League Schools in Australia producing 3 State of Origin Representatives Dale Shearer, Kevin Campion and Wendell Sailor Other notable Allumni include Australia's Number 1 Radio Host Paul Campion

</doc>
<doc id="9889238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889238" title="Masala railway station">
Masala railway station

Masala (Finnish) or Masaby (Swedish) is a station on the VR commuter rail network located in the Masala district of Kirkkonummi, Finland, between the Luoma and Jorvas stations. The Masala station has two tracks, with track one serving trains towards Kirkkonummi and track two towards Helsinki. The Masala station has high platforms and platform displays. There is an announcement system at the station. The station has 140 free-of-charge bicycle parking places and 80 free-of-charge car parking places. There is a taxi station and bus stop near the station.
Connections.
All local trains between Helsinki and Kirkkonummi stop at Masala.

</doc>
<doc id="9889252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889252" title="The Mercy Seat (play)">
The Mercy Seat (play)

The Mercy Seat is a 2002 play by Neil LaBute that was among the first major theatrical responses to the September 11, 2001 attacks. Set on September 12, it concerns Ben, a man who worked at the World Trade Center but was away from the office during the attack, with his mistress, Abby, who is also his boss. Expecting that his family believes that he was killed in the towers' collapse, Ben contemplates using the tragedy to run away and start a new life with his lover. 
Inspiration.
Though urban legends of a similar adulterous situation circulated at the time, LaBute has said he was actually inspired to write the play when, after the events of September 11, his flight from Chicago to New York was cancelled and he had to take a 21-hour train ride. LaBute explained to "The New York Times" that he thought, "This is inconvenient... I remember thinking, 'Ooh, that's not a very good thought to have.' I knew it wasn't right, but the thought had already come out."
New York production.
The play opened in New York on December 18, 2002, and was both a commercial and critical success (it sold out for the length of its run). The production starred Liev Schreiber and Sigourney Weaver. 
The play, which "requires almost a nonstop output of high-octane emotion," was an emotionally draining experience for Weaver and Schreiber. Weaver (who had already appeared in the 9/11-themed play "The Guys") admitted that "It takes its toll...It's hard to be that rough to each other, it's hard to be those characters, and it's hard to be that rough to the world situation...But I must say, as well as shocking, play was funny. And necessary." Schreiber, who stepped in to play Ben after frequent LaBute collaborator Aaron Eckhart proved unavailable, was deeply affected by his character's flaws, saying, "Doing this part, I feel, well, shadier. Not that I'm doing anything shady. It's like trying to shake off an itch that's not really there."
Lima production.
"The Mercy Seat" was performed in Lima, Perú during June 2008, in a Spanish translation entitled "Misericordia", starring Mónica Sánchez and Gonzalo Molina.

</doc>
<doc id="9889278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889278" title="Dave Pureifory">
Dave Pureifory

Dave Pureifory (July 12, 1949 – March 5, 2009) was a professional American football defensive lineman for three teams in an eleven-year career in the National Football League.
Early life.
Pureifory was born in Pensacola, Florida and grew up in Ecorse, Michigan. Following his graduation from Ecorse High School in 1968, he attended college at Eastern Michigan University where he played football.
Football career.
He was drafted in the 6th round of the 1972 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers, where he played primarily in a backup role as defensive tackle. While he was known for his play on defense, for two games in 1975 he was called upon to fill-in for injured Kicker Chester Marcol. In four extra point attempts, Pureifory was successful twice;.
The Packers traded Pureifory to the Pittsburgh Steelers for a fifth-round selection in a draft day trade in 1978. The Steelers subsequent moved him to the New England Patriots for their 1979 sixth-round pick. The Patriots released him prior to the season. He was picked up by the Cincinnati Bengals, but went to the Detroit Lions mid-season as a free agent. It was in Detroit where he saw his greatest success, starting every game he played there, and winning Detroit's Most Valuable Defensive Player honors in 1980. While having one of his best seasons in 1982, Pureifory sustained leg injuries that ended his NFL career. Nonetheless, he later played with the Michigan Panthers and Birmingham Stallions of the United States Football League.
Post-football career.
In 1981 Purifory was elected to Eastern Michigan’s Athletic Hall of Fame. He died March 5, 2009 in Ypsilanti, Michigan, from pancreatic cancer at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="9889279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889279" title="Atuona Airport">
Atuona Airport

Atuona Airport or Hiva Oa Airport is an airport located northeast of Atuona, on the island of Hiva Oa, in the Marquesas Islands of French Polynesia.
Previously, that airport had been assigned the HIX IATA location identifier, which has then been deprecated by IATA in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9889292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889292" title="Shienryu">
Shienryu

Story.
Taking place in the distant future, Earth's people starts their search for new planets to colonize, specifically those similar to it. The colony ships, known as the Caravans, travel deep into space until Caravan 7861 discovers a suitable fourth planet from an alien sun. However, none of the other Caravans had followed. After 93 years of civilization on the new Mother Planet, the investigation of the missing Caravans finally leads to a horrible discovery: the previous Caravans had been attacked and conquered by a powerful regime of alien-humans. Commanded by the mysterious Shienryu, the alien space fleet invades the Mother Planet and constructs fortresses across the world, destroying and replacing any established human influence. In response, a defense team called "Burn Dragoon" is founded which calls for the best pilots and navigators to defend the new planet from the invading regime.
Game play.
Players control either of two double-piloted ships going against the bases of the regime based both on the new mother planet and in space.
Survival is a great emphasis in gameplay as enemies will fire blankets of pulse shots across the screen, some larger than others and some taking on wide intricate patterns.
Extends are awarded to players who reach an indicated score (the score is changeable in the Saturn version) as well as 1Ups, though both 1Ups and even 2Ups are available after defeating minibosses in a certain amount of time.
Weapon System.
When player starts a game, the initial fighter fires vulcan with slowest movement.
The selected weapon type determines the type of bomb being used.
Items.
Items become available by destroying certain enemies.
Stages.
There are 8 stages in each loop, for a total of 2 loops. In 2nd loop, enemy bullets are fired at faster speeds.
When a player loses a life, the game continues at the last reached pre-defined checkpoint with firepower collected by the last fighter at slowest speed. The checkpoint feature is inactive when a second player is present.
At the end of each stage, player gets 5000 points for each available bomb, 500 points for each red LED collected in the completed stage (blue LED counted as 10 red LEDs).
Gekioh Shooting King.
It is a PlayStation port of the original Shienryu. It adds following:
Shienryu Explosion/Steel Dragon Evolution.
It is a sequel that uses 3D graphics.
Pilots.
There are 6 pilots in the game. Bomb type and weapon colour are changed depending on the pilot.
Weapon system.
A fighter can fire strong but concentrated shots, or weak but widespread shots, depending on the button pressed. The fighter's shot strength changes depending on how heavily it is pressed, with 3 pre-defined shot strength settings available in the game. The fighter's moving speed decreases with increasing shot strength, and decreases otherwise.
Stages.
There are 8 stages in the game. In addition, there are 8 extra stages that can be unlocked when certain conditions are met. The game's ending is changed depending on pilot.
Multiplier system.
When an enemy is destroyed, its score is multiplied between 1 to 256, depending on the frequency the fighter was firing at the time of destruction.
Some enemies drop stars when destroyed by high power shots, and sometimes the enemy bullets are turned into stars. A star's multiplier is between 1 to 256 when the star is collected, but the multiplier value decreases when the fighter fires more heavily. Only when the fighter fires weak or no shots that the star's multiplier is at 256.
Steel Dragon EX.
It is a compilation that includes Shienryu (Steel Dragon) and Shienryu Explosion (Steel Dragon Evolution).
Switching between games is achieved by pushing reset button.
Receptions.
SHUMPS! rated the Shienryu Explosion 7.
Gamerankings rated Steel Dragon EX 36.50% based on 2 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9889298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889298" title="Foreset bed">
Foreset bed

A foreset bed is one of the main parts of a river delta. It is the inclined part of a delta that is found at the end of the stream channel as the delta sediment is deposited along the arcuate delta front. As the sediments are deposited on a sloping surface the resulting bedding is not horizontal, but dips in the direction of current flow toward deeper water. A cross-section of a delta shows the cross bedding in the direction of stream flow into the still water. 
The foreset bed is formed when a stream carrying sediment meets still water. When the stream meets the still water, the velocity of the water is decreased enough so that the larger sediment particles can no longer be carried and are therefore deposited. The deposited sediment builds up over time, and a delta is formed. 

</doc>
<doc id="9889334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889334" title="Springtime for Thomas">
Springtime for Thomas

Springtime for Thomas (also known as Springtime for Tom) is a 1946 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 23rd "Tom and Jerry" short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.
Plot.
On a beautiful spring day, Jerry wants to play with Tom, but Tom is too busy, fixated with a female cat named Toodles sunbathing in the yard outside. Tom stares dreamily at her for hours, until he approaches her and falls head over heels in love with her. As Jerry watches, a small devil (his anti-conscience smaller, green with a barbed tail, small horns, and pointed ears) convinces Jerry to break things up between Tom and his new-found love. Jerry sends a forged letter laced with perfume to Butch, Tom's rival, foraging in a trash can in the alley. Butch reads the letter aloud and speeds off to gain Toodles' affections.
First Butch lies on the sun lounger, next to Toodles. Tom gets a croquet mallet and hits Butch on the head with it. Butch does not react to the pain. Instead, he grabs Tom and throws him into the swimming pool. Tom gets out of the pool as Butch is serenading Toodles the chorus of the Spanish song Quiéreme Mucho (written by Gonzalo Roig with lyrics by "Agustín Rodríguez") with his guitar. Tom grabs the end of the sun-lounger and wheels it over to the pool, tips Butch into the pool via the diving board. Butch gets out of the pool and hits a croquet ball on Tom. Tom, drinking from a tall glass, gets hit on the back of the head and falls down. Butch hits Tom through a number of croquet rings and he crashes into the central pole. Tom lands onto a barbecue and turned around on a rotisserie.
Butch is now laid down again next to Toodles. Jerry, and his anti-conscience, place a pin onto a spring under the lounger. Butch is expecting Cupid's arrow any minute and he is then caught in the rump by the pin, which sticks out of the lounger, just as Tom walks over. Tom picks it up and Butch assumes that Tom had caught him with the pin. He chases Tom, who hits Butch by turning a statue as Butch is running towards Tom. Butch then chases Tom off the high diving board; after landing in the water, Tom quickly drinks all the water, this makes Butch crash on the bottom of the pool. Tom then runs to a swing, places a flower pot on it, and hurls the swing at Butch, hitting him (and leaving Butch wearing the flower on his head). He then throws the swing back, catching Tom on the seat. Tom swings back, helplessly, and Butch hits him with his guitar like a baseball bat. Tom flies over the fence and off the garden.
Tom frowns and gives up trying, saying "Aw, phoo!". Jerry runs up to Tom, and the two shake hands as they agree that Tom is finished with Toodles. Tom then gives chase to Jerry, with each wearing happy expressions on their faces. However, this chase ends prematurely, because Jerry hypocritically finds his girlfriend on the enclosure and starts to fall in love with her. He pushes Tom out of the way as if to say, "Personal space, please," and snuggles up to the new-found girlfriend.

</doc>
<doc id="9889337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889337" title="Oncology Drug Advisory Committee">
Oncology Drug Advisory Committee

The Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee (ODAC) receives requests for technical and clinical evaluation of new drugs by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The committee, consisting of members from academic and clinical oncology biostatistics, the general public, and the pharmaceutical industry, makes non-binding recommendations to both the CDER and CBER divisions of the FDA about the advisability of approving new medications to treat cancer.
References.
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee, official webpage: http://www.fda.gov/AdvisoryCommittees/CommitteesMeetingMaterials/Drugs/OncologicDrugsAdvisoryCommittee/default.htm
External links.
FDA Advisory Committees Calendar (including ODAC): http://www.fda.gov/AdvisoryCommittees/Calendar/default.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9889342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889342" title="Cerro de Chipinque">
Cerro de Chipinque

Being part of the Sierra Madre Oriental, El Cerro de Chipinque, also known coloquially as "The M" ('La M, La Eme) is a figure located on top of the mountain chain, in the state of Nuevo León, México.
The rock figure is visible from various parts of the city of Monterrey, including neighbouring cities, like San Nicolás de los Garza or Guadalupe and San Pedro Garza García, which is the municipality established on the base of the mountain.
Some other known mountains or elevations of the zone are the Cerro de las Mitras, Cerro del Topo Chico, Cerro del Obispado, Cerro de la Loma Larga and La Huasteca.

</doc>
<doc id="9889348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889348" title="Chungjeongno Station">
Chungjeongno Station

Chungjeongno Station is a subway station on Seoul Subway Line 2 and Seoul Subway Line 5. It is located in Seodaemun-gu, which is a district in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9889351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889351" title="Art and culture of Karnataka">
Art and culture of Karnataka

The southern state of Karnataka, in India, has a distinct art and culture. The diverse linguistic and religious ethnicity that are native to state of Karnataka combined with their long histories have contributed immensely to the varied cultural heritage of the state. Apart from Kannadigas, Karnataka is home to Tuluvas, Kodavas and Konkanis who also consider themselves as Kannadigas. Minor populations of Tibetan Buddhists and Siddhi tribes plus a few other ethnic groups also live in Karnataka. The traditional folk arts cover the entire gamut of music, dance, drama, storytelling by itinerant troupes, etc. Yakshagana, a classical folk play, is one of the major theatrical forms of coastal Karnataka. Contemporary theatre culture in Karnataka is one of the most vibrant in India with organizations like Ninasam, Ranga Shankara and Rangayana active on foundations laid down by the Gubbi Veeranna Nataka Company. Veeragase, Kamsale and Dollu Kunitha are popular dance forms. Bharatanatya also enjoys wide patronage in Karnataka.
Music.
Karnataka is the only south Indian state(dravidian state)where both Hindustani and Carnatic singers flourish. North Karnataka is predominantly famous for Hindustani music and South Karnataka is well known for Carnatic music.
Carnatic.
With the rise of Vaishnavism and the Haridasa movement came Karnataka composers like Purandaradasa, whose Kannada language works were lucid, devotional and philosophical and hence appealing to the masses. Other haridasas of medieval times were Kanakadasa, Vyasatirtha, Jayatirtha, Sripadaraya, Vadirajatirtha etc., who composed several "devara nama". One of the earliest and prominent composers in South India was the saint, and wandering bard of yore Purandara Dasa. Though historians claim Purandara Dasa composed 75,000 - 475,000 songs in Sanskrit and Kannada, only a few hundred of them are known today. He was a source of inspiration to the later composers like Tyagaraja. Owing to his contribution to the Carnatic Music he is referred to as the "Father of Carnatic Music" ("Karnataka Sangeeta Pitamaha")
Purandaradasa codified and consolidated the teaching of Carnatic music by evolving several steps like "sarali", "jantai(Janti)", "thattu varisai (Thattu Varise)", "alankara" and "geetham (geethe)" and laid down a framework for imparting formal training in this art form. Later in the 17th and 18th centuries, the haridasa movement would once again contribute to music in Karnataka in the form of haridasas such as Vijaya Dasa, Gopaladasa, Jagannathadasa who are just a few among a vast galaxy of devotional saints.
Hindustani.
Karnataka has achieved a prominent place in the world of Hindustani music as well. Several of Karnataka's Hindustani musicians have bagged the Kalidas Sanman, Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan awards. Some famous performers are Gangubai Hangal, Puttaraj Gawai, Pt. Bhimsen Joshi, Pt. Mallikarjun Mansur, Basavaraj Rajguru, Sawai Gandharva and Kumar Gandharva.
Yakshagana a form of dance drama is one of the major theatrical forms in coastal Karnataka. A fusion of folk and classical tradition makes Yakshagana a unique form of art which includes colourfull costumes, music, dance, singing, and most importantly dialogs composed on the fly. Award winning performers include Shambhu Hegde, Chittani Ramachandra Hegde. Yakshagana and Dollu Kunitha are two of the popular dance forms of Karnataka. Gamaka is a unique music form based on Karnakata Sangeetha.
Painting.
The Bengal renaissance, along with the general influence of Ravi Varma school of painting, influenced the Mysore school of painting. King Krishnaraja Wodeyar III patronised famous painters including Sundarayya, Tanjavur Kondayya and Alasinrayya. King Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV patronised K. Venkatappa, Keshavayya, Y. Nagaraju, Paavanje and Kamadolli. The Chamarajendra Technological Institute (CTI—currently modified into Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts—CAVA), Jaganmohan Art Gallery and Venkatappa Art Gallery are reminders of this heyday. Chitrakala Parishat is an organisation in Karnataka dedicated to promote visual arts, particularly the folk and traditional art.drtertret

</doc>
<doc id="9889356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889356" title="Malmi railway station">
Malmi railway station

Malmi (Finnish) or Malm (Swedish) is a railway station in the Malmi district of Helsinki, Finland. It is located between the stations of Pukinmäki and Tapanila, along the main railroad track from Helsinki to Riihimäki, about north from the Helsinki Central railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="9889365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889365" title="Cliff Biggers">
Cliff Biggers

Cliff Biggers is a comic book writer and journalist. His first published writing appeared in fanzines in the mid-1960s. He was a founding member of the amateur press alliance (APA) Myriad and was active in the Southern Fandom Press Alliance, a southeastern-based science fiction amateur press association. He was also involved in Galaxy, CAPA-Alpha, Apa-5, and other amateur press alliances.
Career.
Biggers' first professional writing was done for Jim Steranko's "Mediascene" magazine in 1972; he worked intermittently for Steranko for two years. At the same time, he and his wife Susan H. Biggers co-edited and published the science fiction review magazine "Future Retrospective". He and Susan Biggers received the 1977 Rebel Award for outstanding Southern science fiction fan achievement for their work with "Future Retrospective".
Biggers was a founding member of the Atlanta Science Fiction Club (ASFiC) in 1977. He wrote and edited "Atarantes", the ASFiC publication, until 1982, when he cut back his involvement in Atlanta science fiction.
In 1982, Biggers became a co-owner of a comic shop, Dr. No's, for which he began writing a newsletter, "The Doctor Knows". That newsletter grew into "Comic Shop News", a publication he co-launched with Ward Batty in the spring of 1987. CSN grew to become the largest-circulation weekly in the comic book industry, and still continues as a weekly publication.
Biggers also wrote dozens of articles for Krause Publications' "Comics Buyer's Guide" in the 1980s and 1990s, and acted as their primary price guide adviser for many of those years.
Biggers also created and wrote the comic book "After Apocalypse", which featured the first published artwork of Mark Bagley (who would later go on to illustrate "The Amazing Spider-Man" and "Ultimate Spider-Man") and Dave Johnson.
In the 1990s, he co-wrote "Earth Boys" with Brett Brooks; the series was illustrated by co-creator Dave Johnson. The recurring comic book story was featured in several issues of Dark Horse Comics' "Dark Horse Presents".
He and Brett Brooks also co-wrote the final three issues of "I-Bots", the Tekno Comics series based on a concept by Isaac Asimov. In those issues, they introduced the Corp-Bots, a group of characters who were scheduled to appear in their own adventures until Tekno abruptly ceased publishing.
Biggers remains the primary writer for "Comic Shop News" and is a frequent contributor (with a featured column appearing at least monthly) to the Newsarama website.

</doc>
<doc id="9889366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889366" title="Doomriders">
Doomriders

Doomriders is a heavy metal band from Boston, Massachusetts. The band has released three albums on Deathwish, Inc. The band's vocalist/guitarist Nate Newton also plays bass in Converge and guitar in Old Man Gloom. Jebb Riley formerly played bass in There Were Wires. Doomriders have toured with Coliseum and Saviours. The band began work on their third studio album in 2011 with an expected release date in 2013 through Deathwish. Doomriders released "Grand Blood" on October 15.
Band members.
Current members
Former members
Discography.
Studio albums
EPs and splits
Reception.
Doomriders' 2009 release "Darkness Come Alive" was generally praised by reviewers. Shawn Bosler of Decibel magazine lauded the band's skilled songwriting, saying that "the stellar songwriting sounds like a well-honed band working together, stretching out the tunes and getting all ninja pyrotechnic on your ass." Nick Gergesha of hearwaxmedia.com called it "nothing less than pure sensory enlightenment", noting that the album was "crafted with the utmost respect for the listener".

</doc>
<doc id="9889369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889369" title="Bora Bora Airport">
Bora Bora Airport

Bora Bora Airport , also known as Motu Mute Airport, is an airport serving the island of Bora Bora in French Polynesia. It is located on the islet of Motu Mute.
The airport was opened in 1943, during World War II. Commercial service became available in 1958 after the runway was reconstructed. It is built on an island (the Polynesian word for which is "motu") located in a lagoon. A boat transfer is necessary to get to the main island of Bora Bora.
People from Vaitape usually come to this airport to travel.

</doc>
<doc id="9889370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889370" title="Reinhardt Canyon">
Reinhardt Canyon

Reinhardt Canyon is located in the Lakeview Mountains, just west of Hemet, California. It is home to the prehistoric petroglyph known as the Hemet Maze Stone (California Historical Landmark No. 557).

</doc>
<doc id="9889385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889385" title="List of motorways, expressways, and highways in Auckland">
List of motorways, expressways, and highways in Auckland

This is a list of Motorways, Expressways, and named Highways in Auckland, New Zealand.
Not all destinations of the following roads are included.

</doc>
<doc id="9889387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889387" title="Suffolk City Public Schools">
Suffolk City Public Schools

Suffolk City Public Schools is the local public school division in serving the independent city of Suffolk in the Hampton Roads region of southeastern Virginia in the United States.
The Superindentent of Schools is Dr. Deran R. Whitney. Deputy Superintendent is Mrs. Jacqueline Chavis and the Assistant Superintendent of Administrative Services is Mr. Kevin Alston 
The school system operates 12 elementary schools, four middle schools, three high schools, and one alternative center. 

</doc>
<doc id="9889395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889395" title="Data-Link Switching">
Data-Link Switching

Data-Link Switching (DLSw) is a tunneling protocol designed to tunnel unroutable, non-IP based protocols such as IBM Systems Network Architecture (SNA) and NBF over an IP network.
DLSw was initially documented in IETF RFC 1434 in 1993. In 1995 it was further documented in the IETF RFC 1795. DLSw version 2 was presented in 1997 in IETF RFC 2166 as an improvement to RFC 1795. Cisco Systems has its own proprietary extensions to DLSw in DLSw+. According to Cisco, DLSw+ is 100% IETF RFC 1795 compliant but includes some proprietary extensions that can be used when both devices are Cisco.
Some organisations are starting to replace DLSw tunneling with the more modern Enterprise Extender (EE) protocol which is a feature of IBM APPN on z/OS systems. Microsoft refers to EE as IPDLC. Enterprise Extender uses UDP traffic at the Transport Layer rather than the Network Layer.
Cisco deploy Enterprise Extender on their hardware via the IOS feature known as SNAsW (SNA Switch).

</doc>
<doc id="9889397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889397" title="Marion Hood">
Marion Hood

Marion Hood (1 April 1854 - 14 August 1912) was an English soprano who performed in opera and musical theatre in the last decades of the 19th century. She is perhaps best remembered for creating the role of Mabel in Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Pirates of Penzance" in London.
Early life and career.
Born Sarah Ann Isaac in Liverpool. Hood was a music hall performer as a child by the age of 11 under the name Marion Isaac. She married a Mr. Hunt of the Alhambra Palace Music Hall in Kingston upon Hull. In 1876, she had moved to London to study singing at the Royal Academy of Music. Her husband had died by 1880.
In 1880 she made her London stage debut at the Opera Comique, joining the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and creating the role of Mabel for the London production of "The Pirates of Penzance". According to her colleague Rutland Barrington, Hood was "a perfect picture to look at and equally pleasant to listen to ... tall, slight, and graceful, a typical English girl with a wealth of fair hair, which I believe was all her own. Her singing of the waltz song, 'Poor Wandering One', was quite one of the features of the first act "Pirates"." The "New York Times" wrote that she had "a soprano voice of rare flexibility and power."
After that engagement, Hood left the company and married her second husband, Mr. Hesseltine, taking a brief break from performing until August 1881, when she appeared as Constance in the first production of Stephens and Solomon's "Claude Duval" at the Olympic Theatre, with George Power who had been her partner as Frederic in "Pirates". She then sang at the Alhambra Theatre and Avenue Theatre, performing in Frederic Clay's "Golden Ring" and Karl Millöcker's "The Beggar Student". After this, she toured the British provinces in grand opera, appearing as Marguerite in "Faust", in which role she then appeared at the Crystal Palace.
Later years.
Hood next appeared in "Billee Taylor" at the Gaiety Theatre in 1885 and "Little Jack Sheppard" in 1885-86. She then created the title role in B. C. Stephenson and Alfred Cellier's hit "Dorothy" beginning in 1886, playing in the show for 350 performances until illness forced her to withdraw from the cast (to be replaced by Marie Tempest). She soon returned to the Gaiety to star in such burlesques as "Monte Cristo Jr." (1887), "Miss Esmeralda" (1887), "Frankenstein, or The Vampire's Victim" (1887–88) and "Ruy Blas and the Blasé Roué" (1889). She toured America on two occasions with Gaiety companies during the period 1888–90). 
In 1891, Hood returned to London in a burlesque of "Joan of Arc, or the Merry Maid of Orleans" (by Adrian Ross and J. L. Shine). A reviewer wrote, "Miss Marion Hood makes an attractive Joan of Arc, sings the airs allotted to her so as to win plenty of applause, and only fails where the delivery of certain declamatory speeches overtaxes the strength of her voice." She also toured in Australia in 1892 in "Carmen up to Data" among other things. Her last appearance on the London stage may have been as a member of the crowd in court in "Trial by Jury" at the Nellie Farren benefit in 1898. 
According to historian Michael Walters, Hood "had a bitterly unhappy life, though this was never reflected in her stage performances." She died in Thanet, Kent at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="9889428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889428" title="Deep Dwarven Delve">
Deep Dwarven Delve

L3 Deep Dwarven Delve is a Fantasy Adventure Module or "module" for "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" (1st edition).
Publication history.
"Deep Dwarven Delve" is a sequel to "L1 The Secret of Bone Hill" and "L2 The Assassin's Knot", written as the concluding adventure in the "L" series. Len Lakofka completed the manuscript in 1979 for the 1st Edition AD&D rules, although it was not published and lay forgotten in the TSR design vault for twenty years. The manuscript was eventually recovered, and as part of the "Dungeons & Dragons" game's Silver Anniversary celebtration, L3 was finally published as one of the modules available as a limited release as part of the Dungeons & Dragons Silver Anniversary Collector's Edition set released in 1999. However, in discussions at www.dragonsfoot.org, Lakofka has stated that the rewrite he had done with one of Wizards of the Coast's editors had gotten lost, and the published version was "about 80% of what the first draft of the module was."
Lakofka published a sequel in 2009, "Devilspawn", which was released through "Dragonsfoot".

</doc>
<doc id="9889431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889431" title="Maeken Trance Project">
Maeken Trance Project


</doc>
<doc id="9889441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889441" title="Dividend distribution tax">
Dividend distribution tax

Dividend distribution tax is the tax levied by the Indian Government on companies according to the dividend paid to a company's investors.
At present the dividend distribution tax is 15%, according to the Union Budget 2007, India.
As per existing tax provisions, income from dividends is tax free in the hands of the investor.
Further the dividends from domestic companies are tax-exempt, dividend from foreign companies are taxable in hands of investor.
However, this is not to say that there is no tax levied at all. On the contrary, there is a levy of 15.00% of the dividend declared as distribution tax(Under Income tax Act,1961). This tax is paid out of the profits/reserves of the company declaring the dividend. Additional surcharge of 5% on DDT and education cess of 3% is levied.

</doc>
<doc id="9889446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889446" title="Rustum Roy">
Rustum Roy

Rustum Roy (July 3, 1924 - August 26, 2010) was a materials scientist who held visiting professorships in materials science at Arizona State University and in medicine at the University of Arizona, as well as an emeritus position at Pennsylvania State University in three departments. He described himself as a science policy analyst, advocate of interdisciplinary education and alternative medicine, and science and religion.
Education and career.
Roy was born in Ranchi, Bihar Province, India. In 1942 he received BS in Physical Chemistry from Patna University and in 1944 his MS from the same university. He earned a Ph.D. in ceramics at Penn State in 1948, and became an American citizen in 1961. He had a long career at Penn State in geochemistry and materials science. He founded the Materials Science Laboratory at Penn State and authored hundreds of technical papers. Roy was a member of the National Academy of Engineering. Publishing in a journal for which he was editor-in-chief, he wrote about the relevance of the structure of water to homeopathy which he defended from 'Homeophobia' by letter to The Guardian.
He referred to himself as a "citizen scientist."
Roy died on August 26, 2010 at the age of 86.
Other activities.
Roy served as a Visiting Fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies (1980–85) and Senior Policy Fellow at the Brookings Institution (1982–83). He was on the Planning and Strategy Committee of the National Council of Churches from 1964–70. He worked with Andrew Weil's program in integrative medicine and whole person healing at the University of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9889451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889451" title="Todd Reirden">
Todd Reirden

Todd R. Reirden (born June 25, 1971 in Deerfield, Illinois) is a retired American ice hockey player and an Assistant Coach with the NHL Washington Capitals. Before that he was an Assistant Coach with the Pittsburgh Penguins and former Head Coach of the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League. Reirden played in the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers, St. Louis Blues, Atlanta Thrashers, and Phoenix Coyotes.
Playing career.
Reirden was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the 12th round, 242nd overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. Upon being drafted Reirden went to Bowling Green State University where he played for 4 years. From there he played in the ECHL and IHL for a number of years before finally getting the call up to the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers for part of the 1998–1999 season. Following his brief stint with the Oilers Reirden signed as a free agent with the St. Louis Blues and had his most successful season in the NHL for the 1999–2000 season, scoring 25 points. The following year Reirden was hurt for most of the year and played only 38 games with the Blues. Reirden then played the 2001–2002 season with the Atlanta Thrashers. He played his last tour in the NHL with the Phoenix Coyotes during the 2003–2004 season, playing in 7 games.
In the 2005/2006 season, Reirden played for the DEG Metro Stars of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany and his last season as a player was split between Graz EC of the Austrian Hockey League and SønderjyskE Ishockey in Denmark's Superisligaen.
Coaching career.
Reirden spent the 2007-2008 season as an assistant coach for the Bowling Green State University Falcons men's hockey team.
On July 31, 2010 Reirden was named Assistant Coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins joining other Assistant Coach Tony Granato. He replaces Mike Yeo who left the organization to become the Head Coach of the AHL Houston Aeros.
On June 25, 2014, it was announced that he and Tony Granato had been relieved of their duties with the Penguins. Later in the same day, he was hired by the Washington Capitals as an assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9889476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889476" title="Mount Aino">
Mount Aino

, or Ainodake, is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. At , its peak lies in the Akaishi Mountains (referred to as the Southern Alps) of Japan on the border of Aoi-ku, Shizuoka, Shizuoka Prefecture, and Minami-Alps, Yamanashi Prefecture. It is the fourth tallest peak in Japan and the second highest in the Akaishi Mountains.
Location.
Within the Akaishi Mountains, Mount Aino is situated roughly south of Mount Kita, the ranges' tallest peak. Together with to the south the three mountains may be referred to as .
East of the summit lies the cirque .
Geography.
Mount Aino, like most of the Shiranesanzan, abounds with alpine plants. The neighborhood of the summit is dominated by rocks where few plants can survive. It is conceivable that landslides around the summit have led to the growth of linear hollows. Taking into account such landslides, Mount Aino might have been dozens of metres higher in the past compared to its present altitude. It may have been Japan's tallest mountain during the Last Glacial Maximum. At that time, Mount Fuji had not reached its present height, and the second and third mountains (Mount Kita and Mount Hotaka) are presently only 4 and 1 metre taller, respectively.
Even though Mount Aino does not reach the height of Mount Kita, in its shape and dimension, it bears equally great mass.
Mountain trails.
Mount Aino lies on the traversal route between Mount Kita and Mount Nōtori. On the summit a trail forks towards in the west, 
where it connects to the traversal route.
The nearest alpine hut is , which lies on a saddle to the south below . Another

</doc>
<doc id="9889478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889478" title="Shawinigate">
Shawinigate

Shawinigate was a 1990s Canadian political scandal in which Prime Minister Jean Chrétien was accused of profiting from real estate deals, and government policies in his hometown of Shawinigan, Quebec.
The scandal.
In 1988, prior to becoming Prime Minister, Chrétien and two business partners had purchased the $625,000 Grand-Mère Golf Course and Auberge Grand-Mère Hotel. In 1993, six months before he became Prime Minister, Chrétien and his partners agreed to sell the hotel to Yvon Duhaime, a personal friend of Chrétien.
A month after becoming Prime Minister, Chrétien agreed to sell his personal shares in the golf course to Toronto tycoon Jonas Prince. However, by January 1996, Chrétien was still the formal owner of the golf course since Prince had never paid for the shares. He reported this fact to the Federal Ethics Counsellor, Howard Wilson.
Meanwhile, the new hotel owner, Yvon Duhaime, applied to the Business Development Bank of Canada for a $2,000,000 loan to expand the hotel. Chrétien took a personal interest in the transaction, and both phoned and met with the Bank's director, but to no avail – Duhaime's application was declined.
In early 1997, Chrétien began asking the bank if it would be possible for a smaller loan to expand the hotel. The bank agreed to loan Duhaime $615,000 and the Federal Human Resources Department awarded Duhaime an additional $164,000 grant to expand the hotel.
The scandal comes to light.
The scandal came to light slowly, with information only being released by the governing Liberal Party after a series of newspaper reports and after persistent questioning by members of the Opposition in the Canadian House of Commons, and a formal lawsuit.
In 1999, Ethics Commissioner Wilson ruled that Chrétien had not violated any ethical boundaries when the Hotel was awarded federal grant money although he later admitted that he was unaware Chrétien had taken such a personal interest by meeting with the Bank President in an effort to secure the $615,000 loan.
While Chrétien faced harsh criticism from all opposition parties, Stockwell Day, then-leader of the Canadian Alliance, denounced him calling him a "criminal", while Joe Clark continued an investigation accusing Chrétien of abusing power, and demanded that he resign as Prime Minister, until a public inquiry could be held.
Litigation.
In September 2003, former president of the Bank that had initially declined the loan to Duhaime, won his wrongful dismissal claim, and it was ruled that he was fired because he had suggested that it was time to collect on the $615,000 loan in 1999.
In early March 2008, Ontario's top court ordered the "National Post", a major Canadian newspaper, to hand over documents in the "Shawinigate" allegations, saying the need to enforce the law should outweigh the need to protect anonymous sources. In May 2010, the National Post lost its appeal, with the Supreme Court of Canada reinstating the search warrant despite the newspaper's claims of journalist-source privilege under Section Two of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.

</doc>
<doc id="9889486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889486" title="Azhar Book">
Azhar Book

The Azhar Book is a text in the fictional "Dune" universe created by Frank Herbert.
"Dune".
"Appendix II: The Religion of Dune" in the novel "Dune" refers to the Azhar Book as "that bibliographic marvel that preserves the great secrets of the most ancient faiths," and notes that it predates the Orange Catholic Bible, the key religious text of the "Dune" universe which "contains elements of most ancient religions.". The creation of the Azhar Book is also attributed to the Bene Gesserit.
The appendix subsequently quotes Paul "Muad'Dib" Atreides, and references his words back to ancient texts using the Azhar Book:
In "Dune", Lady Jessica examines the manual included in a Fremen desert survival kit on Arrakis:
The glowing tab of the Fremkit manual between them on the tent floor caught her eye. She lifted it, glanced at the flyleaf, reading: "Manual of 'The Friendly Desert,' the place full of life. Here are the ayat and burhan of Life. Believe, and al-Lat shall never burn you."<br>
"It reads like the Azhar Book", she thought, recalling her studies of the Great Secrets. "Has a Manipulator of Religions been on Arrakis?"
The Bene Gesserit practice "religious engineering" through a faction called the Missionaria Protectiva, which spreads contrived myths, prophecies and superstition on primitive worlds so that the Sisterhood may later exploit those regions. It is later confirmed that the Fremen religion has been thus influenced.
"Children of Dune".
In "Children of Dune", Leto Atreides II quotes from "the Bene Gesserit Azhar Book" when discussing with Ghanima their suspicions about their aunt Alia:
It is with reason and terrible experience that we call the pre-born Abomination. For who knows what lost and damned persona out of our evil past may take over the living flesh?
Leto later notes that "the watering-place of St. Thomas ... was preserved in the Orange Catholic Bible and the Azhar Book..." The Azhar Book is also quoted via epigraph: The one-eyed view of our universe says you must not look far afield for problems. Such problems may never arrive. Instead, tend to the wolf within your fences. The packs ranging outside may not even exist. <br> — The Azhar Book; Shamra I:4
Prequels.
The Azhar Book is also referenced in the prequel trilogies "Legends of Dune" and "Prelude to Dune" by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson.
In "", Norma Cenva notes the following regarding the Sorceresses of Rossak, the Butlerian Jihad-era predecessors of the Bene Gesserit:
Her gaze settled on a fibersheet notebook resting on a worktable. The thick book had a maroon cover with indecipherable lettering as arcane as the mathematical notations Norma had developed. Once, eavesdropping on the Sorceresses and their intricate plans, Norma heard them refer to their private language as "Azhar."
Margot Fenring also reads the title page of a Fremkit manual in "":
"This is like the Azhar Book," Margot exclaimed, surprised to see an edition adapted to Fremen ways. "Our Book of Great Secrets."
In "", to keep her writings secret from her husband, Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV, the Bene Gesserit Lady Anirul keeps a journal "in the impenetrable code language of the Bene Gesserit, the long-forgotten tongue used in the ancient Azhar Book." Later it is noted that "a copy of the Azhar Book, the Bene Gesserit volume of secrets written in a long-forgotten language" is on display in the Ishaq Hall of Magnificent Documents on Kaitain.
Epigraphs.
The Azhar Book is also quoted in epigraphs in the "Prelude to Dune" series. Though the authors have stated that Frank Herbert left behind unused epigraphs which they later used in their prequels and sequels, it is unknown which of these (if any) are from those notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9889497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889497" title="Mark Peterson">
Mark Peterson

"For the photographer see Mark Peterson (photographer)"
Mark Peterson (April 19, 1960 – July 7, 2011) was an American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and Western Soccer Alliance. He also earned six caps, scoring one goal, with the United States men's national soccer team.
Youth.
Peterson was born and raised in Tacoma, Washington where he attended Wilson High School. He played soccer at Wilson, as well as for the Norpoint Royals Soccer Club.
Professional.
Peterson elected to forgo college and joined the Seattle Sounders development program in 1979. This was the Sounders' sixth season in the North American Soccer League (NASL). In 1980, he was called up to the first team where he had an immediate impact. In 34 games that year, he scored 18 goals. Despite his prolific scoring pace, he came in second for 1980 Rookie of the Year to Jeff Durgan of the New York Cosmos, a youth team mate of Peterson’s at the Norpoint Royals. In 1981, Peterson experienced a sophomore slump, scoring only five goals in 21 games, but came back strong in 1982 to bag 19 goals in 38 games and take the 1982 North American Player of the Year honors. In 1983, he continued his excellent work with the Sounders, but experienced a difficult playing situation. The U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) had placed the national team, known as Team America into the NASL as one of the league’s franchises. They did this in order to create a more unified and successful team. However, several top U.S. players, Peterson included, chose not to join Team America. This sparked considerable consternation and bitterness within the national team as players with Team America criticized those who remained with their NASL teams. The pressure on USSF and Team America mounted as the national team performed poorly. Finally, USSF negotiated an agreement with the other NASL teams to allow them to loan U.S. players to Team America when they were not needed. This resulted in Peterson playing 21 games in 1983 for the Sounders and 7 games for Team America. Unfortunately for Peterson, both the Sounders and Team America folded at the end of the 1983 season. On October 2, 1983, he was selected by the New York Cosmos in the Sounders’ dispersal draft. He led the team in scoring during the 1983–1984 season. In March 1987, he signed with F.C. Seattle in the Western Soccer Alliance.
National team.
Despite his proven scoring ability, Peterson earned only six caps with the United States men's national soccer team between 1980 and 1985. In 1980, he was still a young player and had difficulty breaking into the U.S. front line of Boris Bandov, Steve Moyers and Angelo DiBernardo. In 1981 and 1982, the national team played only a single game each year, Peterson had no part in either one. His last game was a 1–1 World Cup Qualifier tie with Costa Rica on May 26, 1985.
Peterson coached the North Tacoma Soccer Club until his death on July 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9889524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889524" title="Fakarava Airport">
Fakarava Airport

Fakarava Airport is an airport serving the island of Fakarava in French Polynesia . The airport is 3.5 km west of the village of Rotoava. It is located norteast of Papeete, the Tahitian Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="9889531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889531" title="Episcopal Church in the Philippines">
Episcopal Church in the Philippines

The Episcopal Church in the Philippines (; Ilocano: "Simabaan nga Episkopal iti Filipinas") is a province of the Anglican Communion first established by the Episcopal Church. It was founded in 1901 by American missionaries led by Charles Henry Brent, who served as the first resident bishop. It became an autonomous province of the Anglican Communion on May 1, 1990.
At present, the Episcopal Church has six dioceses. It is also responsible for founding and overseeing institutions such as St. Luke's Medical Center, Brent International School, St. Stephen's High School, and Trinity University of Asia. Its principal ministerial training institution is St. Andrew's Theological Seminary. Its Prime Bishop is Edward Malecdan. Its national headquarters is in Cathedral Heights, New Manila, Quezon City.
The Church is in a concordat of full communion with the Philippine Independent Church and is a member of both the Christian Conference of Asia and the National Council of Churches in the Philippines.
History.
The Military Chaplaincy & The Church for the Expatriates.
The ECP virtually began with the first Episcopal worship service conducted in the Philippines by the Rev. Charles Pierce, an Episcopal Church chaplain of the U.S. Armed Forces that occupied Manila in 1898. This service was conducted on September 4, 1898 for the Americans and other English-speaking residents in Manila. The first Episcopal Church worship service conducted for Filipinos took place on December 25, 1898.
In April 1899, Hugh Nethercott and James Smiley of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew arrived to assist the American chaplains in their work. In September 1899, Frederick R. Graves, who was then serving as the Bishop of Shanghai in China, visited Manila. Appointed to oversee American church work in the Philippines and later, bishop-in-charge, he held worship services in the home of a British couple. He confirmed five English-speaking persons and advised his congregation to build a church. He also received the first seven Filipinos into the Episcopal Church.
The first Episcopal Church baptisms in Manila were done in 1900 by U.S. Army Chaplain John Marvine when he baptized three Amoy-speaking nationals and, 12 more by the end of the year. These baptisms formally started Episcopal mission work among the Chinese in Manila.
The Missionary District of TEC.
From being a mere outreach chaplaincy of the Episcopal Church chaplains of the U.S. occupation armed forces in the Philippines. Temporarily placed under the oversight of Bishop Frederick Graves, it was officially created as the Missionary District of the Philippine Islands of the Protestant Episcopal Church of the United States (PECUSA) by the PECUSA General Convention held in San Francisco on October 4–11, 1901. The same Convention elected the Rev. Charles Henry Brent as bishop. In December 1901, Brent was consecrated and became the first bishop of the Missionary District under the jurisdiction of PECUSA. His successor, Gouverneur Frank Mosher, served from 1920-1941.
From October 11, 1901, when this Church was officially established in the Philippines, it took the church almost 36 years to produce its first Filipino clergymen with the ordination of Eduardo Longid, Albert Masferre, and Mark Suluen to the Sacred Order of Deacons on January 25, 1937. It took another 22 years to produce the first Filipino Episcopal bishop with the consecration of Benito C. Cabanban as Suffragan Bishop on February 24, 1959.
The Philippine Episcopal Church.
In October 1937, the Missionary District of the Philippine Islands was renamed Philippine Episcopal Church (PEC) through the action of the House of Bishops of PECUSA’s Cincinnati General Convention. This signified a change in status of the Philippine Church from that of a missionary district to a ‘diocese’ under PECUSA. Thirty-four years later (in October 1971), PECUSA granted the PEC request to divide the lone diocese into three dioceses – the Dioceses of Central, Northern, and Southern Philippines. Each had a Filipino diocesan bishop – Bishop Cabanban, Bishop Eduardo Longid, and Bishop Constancio Manguramas, respectively.
With three dioceses, the PEC was organized and operated like a Church Province in the Anglican Communion. However, unlike the other Church Provinces, the PEC did not have a Metropolitan Authority because it was still under the jurisdiction of PECUSA. The three dioceses were considered dioceses of both the PEC and the Episcopal Church in the U.S.A. (ECUSA).
As a diocese, the PEC had its own Constitution and Canons, National Council, National Biennial Convention, House of Bishops, and National Office, among others. Perhaps, ECUSA allowed the PEC to operate in such manner in anticipation of its becoming an autonomous Church.
The Full Autonomy of the Episcopal Church in the Philippines.
Indeed, on May 1, 1990, the PEC was officially weaned from its Mother Church, ECUSA. On that historic day, it was inaugurated as an Autonomous Church and took its place as a Church Province in the Anglican Communion with the name: Episcopal Church in the Philippines (ECP).
When this Church was admitted as a Missionary District, its first missionary bishop – Charles Henry Brent, unlike other protestant missionaries, had no intention of converting Filipino Roman Catholics to Anglicanism. As a consequence his missionary focus was in those parts of the Islands that had not previously been evangelised in the mountain provinces and in Mindanao. In Manila missionary work was also done among the non-Christian Chinese community.. In Manila Bishop Brent considered his ministry to the American community should be his main focus. He wrote: “From every point of view, the most important part of our work is among Americans and other English-speaking people.” One of the first things he did was to build a cathedral in downtown Manila, the Cathedral of St. Mary & St. John, which was destroyed during the war and later rebuilt in Quezon City. It was at that time that part of the Cathedral congregation formed of the Church of the Holy Trinity, now located in the upscale ‘village’ of Forbes Park, Makati City. Holy Trinity’s priest or rector from its beginning had always been an expatriate and its congregation was for the most part of expatriates; in recent years this has changed considerably and at the present it is an even mixture of Chinese,American/European and Filipino.
For the physical health needs of his constituency, Brent also established St. Luke’s Hospital (initially named University Hospital, now known as St. Luke's Medical Center). He also endorsed and supported the establishment of St. Luke’s Nursing Training School (now St. Luke’s-Trinity College of Nursing) to answer the need for well-trained nurses to serve the hospital.
For the educational needs and in response to requests from the American parents for a boarding school for their children, Bishop Brent founded a school in Baguio City for American boys. First called the Baguio School and later Brent School, this school is now known as Brent International School-Baguio. At present, it is one of four Brent International Schools under the umbrella of a mother corporation called Brent International Schools Inc. The others are Brent International School-Manila/Biñan, BIS-Subic, and BIS-Boracay. In addition to children of expatriates, a good number, if not the majority, of enrollees in the Brent Schools are Filipinos from well-to-do families.
With regard to starting missionary work and establishing a church for and among the unchurched, Bishop Brent was against proselytization. Having observed the extensive work of the Roman Catholic Church in the islands, he decided not to “put up an altar over and against another altar”. He adopted a policy of “non-interference under ordinary circumstances with the adherents of other churches”. Along this line, he decided to concentrate the mission work of the newly established church on the Americans and other Caucasians in the country as well as on those geographic areas where there were non-Christians or where the unchurched were not being served by any church.
At that time, most non-Christians in this country could only be found among the migrant Chinese in Manila and the indigenous people in the North and in the South as well the Muslims in Mindanao. The ‘pagan natives’ of the North and of the South and the Muslims, living in communities in mountain jungles, had fought against the subjugation and rule of the colonial Spanish regime and had not effectively fallen under the rule and governance of Spain. It was to these people and communities that this Church went to seek its members through conversions and baptisms.
This Church succeeded in its mission and evangelism work among the indigenous people but failed among the Muslims. It converted only five young Muslims girls by uprooting these girls from their communities in Mindanao and bringing them to the Cordillera in the North, where they lived and grew with the missionaries in Christian communities. They were educated, got married, and settled in the Cordillera and did not go back to their Muslim roots in the South.
Bishop Brent’s policy of not putting an altar against another altar and the initial and subsequent concentration of missionary work on areas inhabited by non-Christians explains why most of the members of the ECP are predominantly from tribal communities. This also explains why the ECP’s work is concentrated in the northern and southern regions of the country. In like manner, it explains why it took almost four decades for this Church to produce its first Filipino clergymen and more than half-a-century to produce its first Filipino bishop, all of whom were from tribal communities. It was this Church that introduced literacy among these people and communities. It was this Church that first established schools, hospitals, clinics and roads in these oft-neglected communities. In time, the government was able to establish public schools, hospitals, and rural health centers for these communities. As a result, this Church phased out some of its schools and clinics in favor of the government providing such basic services needed by these communities.
The ECP Vision 2007.
In 1997, this Church went into visioning and crafted its "VISION 2007" (which is to be attained by the year 2007 and beyond) – The Episcopal Church in the Philippines shall be a renewed church, fully self-supporting and reaching out to proclaim God’s love throughout the nation. With this vision, the ECP can no longer be satisfied with confining its work among the unchurched and tribal people or only in particular regions where these people live. This Church needs to reach out to all Filipinos and to all regions in the country.
Towards the attainment of its vision, the ECP held a national Church Summit Conference in November 2002. The Summit aimed to review, evaluate, and assess the ECP’s performance since it became an Autonomous Church in 1990 and determine "What are to be done" in terms of fresh strategies, concrete targets, and doable measures to accelerate the attainment of the vision. Toward this end, the Church Summit adopted a "Covenant of Action" based on the assessment. A National Clergy Conference followed in September 2003 for the continuing and concerted implementation and attainment of the three-fold elements of the "ECP VISION", namely "Renewal", "Reaching out", and "Self-reliance".
Vision and Mission.
Vision.
We envision a dynamic and vibrant church of caring, witnessing and mission-oriented parishes...
Mission.
The ECP exists to declare with integrity the fulfilling of God’s mission in this world by proclaiming the Good News of the Kingdom of God; baptizing, teaching, and nurturing new believers; responding to human needs with loving service; and seeking to transform unjust structures of society.
Dioceses.
At present, the ECP consists of six dioceses, five in Luzon and one in Mindanao. A seventh diocese in Mindanao, dividing Episcopal Diocese of Southern Philippines into two dioceses, is planned. An eighth diocese in the Visayas is also being contemplated, starting with the new congregation in Cebu City.

</doc>
<doc id="9889557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889557" title="Omar Rayo">
Omar Rayo

Omar Rayo (20 January 1928 – 7 June 2010) was a Colombian painter, sculptor, caricaturist and plastic artist. He won the 1970 Salón de Artistas Colombianos. Rayo worked with abstract geometry primarily employing black, white and red. He was part of the Op Art movement. Rayo's work shows that geometric art is as much a part of the past as it is of the future. He used traces of the past to discover new ways to present visual and geometric sketches.
One of his most celebrated exhibitions was carried out in the National Room of the Museum of the Palace of fine arts of Mexico, titled "20 years, 100 works: Omar Rayo."
Museum.
The Museo Rayo de Dibujo y Grabado Latinoamericano was founded on January 20, 1981 by Rayo in his hometown of Roldanillo, Valle del Cauca with funds the artist himself provided, along with help from Colombian government and he live happy ever after agencies and others so that on this site would remain a permanent exhibit of his works of art in the late 1980s. The museum was designed by Mexican architect Leopoldo Gout and opened with a collection of 2,000 of Rayo's artwork and some 500 other Latin American artists' works. The museum contains a library, many modules for expositions, a graphic arts workshop and a theater.
Sadly government care has been disminishing, and Miss Agueda Pizarro had found a hard time carrying by with financial sustainment.
Several activities are carried out by the foundation of the museum's for promoting arts in the region...
Museum's Location.
The museum is called "Museo de dibujo y grabado latinoamericano", and it's located on
Calle 8 No. 8-53 Roldanillo, Valle del Cauca, Colombia. Tel. (092) 229-8623 Fax. (092) 229-7290.
Death.
In the early hours of June 7, 2010, Rayo collapsed while having breakfast at his Roldanillo residence. He died on the way to a hospital in Cali, Colombia, after having suffered a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="9889566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889566" title="Robert D. McFadden">
Robert D. McFadden

Robert Dennis McFadden (born 1937) is an American journalist who has worked for "The New York Times" since 1961. He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1996.
Biography.
McFadden was born in Milwaukee and raised in both Chicago and the small town of Cumberland, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire and graduated from the journalism school of the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1960 with a B.S. in Journalism. He moved to New York City in 1961 with the intention of applying to only one newspaper - the only paper for which he wanted to work - and his hopes were realized when he was soon hired by "The New York Times". His literary writing style, strict adherence to journalistic principles, and tireless ability to "beat the deadline" won him accolades as both a writer and journalist, and he has since received numerous awards for excellence in journalism. McFadden, a celebrated Senior Writer, has remained at the "Times" for over 50 years, and continues his work through the present day. In 1996, he won the annual Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Reporting, citing "his highly skilled writing and reporting on deadline during the year" (1995). McFadden and his wife Judith have a son named Nolan and live in Manhattan, New York.
Career.
From 1957-1958, McFadden was a reporter for "The Wisconsin Rapids Daily Tribune". From 1958 to 1959, he was a reporter for "The Wisconsin State Journal" in Madison and after he graduated from college, worked for "The Cincinnati Enquirer". In 1961, he was hired by "The New York Times", where he remainined for the next five decades as a reporter and rewrite man. His writing has covered a wide range of topics including plane crashes, hurricanes, strikes, blackouts, government affairs, health, crime, transportation, politics, education, the environment, and mass media.
Awards and honors.
McFadden has won 17 major journalism awards and 8 "New York Times" Publisher's Awards. He was also named a Senior Writer in January 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9889574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889574" title="Futuna Airport">
Futuna Airport

Futuna Airport is an airfield on the island of Futuna, in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.

</doc>
<doc id="9889577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889577" title="Uebeschisee">
Uebeschisee

Uebeschisee is a small lake at Uebeschi, in the Upper Gürbetal, near Thun, Switzerland. It is located adjacent to the municipalities of Höfen, Amsoldingen and Uebeschi. The lake has a surface area of 14.2 hectares and a maximum depth of 15 m. Rotmoos-Bach drains it into the larger Amsoldingersee.

</doc>
<doc id="9889598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889598" title="Ngola Ritmos">
Ngola Ritmos

Ngola Ritmos is an Angolan traditional music band, created around 1947 by Liceu Vieira Dias, Domingos Van-Dúnem, Mário da Silva Araújo, Manuel dos Passos and Nino Ndongo. They sung kimbundu music with guitar and small percussion. 
In the 1950s, the band comprised Liceu, Nino, Amadeu Amorim, José Maria, Euclides Fontes Pereira, José Cordeira, Lourdes Van-Dúnem and Belita Palma. Their "lamentos" were inspired by the daily chronicles or funeral laments sung by "bessangana" women and their sembas by popular dances. 
While such songs as "Mbiri Mbiri", "Kolonial", "Palamé" or "Muxima" have been covered by numerous singers, recordings by Ngola Ritmos are very rare. "Muxima" and "Django Ué" were recorded in Luanda. Most of the members of Ngola Ritmos were nationalist militants, Liceu, a founding member of the MPLA liberation movement and Amadeu were arrested in 1959 and deported to the Tarrafal prison in Cape Verde, to return only ten years later. Nevertheless, the band lasted until the late sixties, recording the song "Nzage" in Lisbon.
External links.
Marissa J. Moorman, "Dueling Bands and Good Girls: Gender, Music, and Nation in Luanda's Musseques, 1961-1974", International Journal of African Historical Studies (2004)

</doc>
<doc id="9889621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889621" title="Riegel (glacial)">
Riegel (glacial)

A riegel is a German term that describes traverse ridges of bedrock that have been exposed by glacial erosion. They are also known as rock bars, thresholds, and verrous. They are found in glaciated valleys, and are often associated with waterfalls and zones of rapids when streams are present. When multiple riegels are stacked in a series they are referred to as a glacial stairway.
Most riegels can be identified by having smooth faces on the up-valley sides, while the down-valley sides show signs of having been plucked (eroded by the removal of rocks and blocks from the bedrock).

</doc>
<doc id="9889622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889622" title="Totegegie Airport">
Totegegie Airport

Totegegie Airport is an airport on Totegegie Island (in the Gambier Islands) French Polynesia . It is 9 km northeast of the village of Rikitea.
Totegegie's name consists of the combination of two Mangarevan words (the local language, which takes its name from Mangareva, the main island of the archipelago): "tote", which means a sandy islet on a reef (the equivalent of motu in Polynesian) and "gegie" (pronounced gniégnié) which is the name of a small shrub typical of atolls that looks much like a juniper bush without berries. 
This shrub, Pemphis acidula, is widespread on Polynesian atolls and is best known as the miki miki. On Totegegie which is one of Mangareva's reefs approximately 9 km from Rikitea, the island's administrative settlement, the airport is to be found. It is the only building there. The airport is 1652 km from Tahiti and is classified as an territorial aerodrome. Its only service is to Tahiti Faaa International Airport on Tuesdays.
Mangareva is crucial in its role as the outside world's link to the more famous Pitcairn Island. One of the only ways a traveler can reach Pitcairn Island is to fly to Tahiti, then to Mangareva. From there, a 32-hour boat ride will take one to Pitcairn Island.
Passengers.
The increase in passenger numbers is shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="9889636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889636" title="Neil Clabo">
Neil Clabo

Neil Clabo (born November 18, 1952 in Miami Beach, Florida) is a retired American football player. He had a 3-year career in the National Football League from 1975 to 1977 as a punter. He played in Super Bowl XI as a member of the Minnesota Vikings.
In 2013, Clabo was inducted into the Greater Knoxville Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9889649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889649" title="Hao Airport">
Hao Airport

Hao Airport is an airport on Hao Island in French Polynesia. The airport is from the village of Otepa. Its unusually long runway (for the atoll's present population) was constructed to permit large transport aircraft (carrying materials for nuclear tests) to land. Their cargoes would be transported onward to nuclear test sites by ships.
Hao airport was a designated emergency landing site for the NASA Space Shuttle.

</doc>
<doc id="9889679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889679" title="Tlicho Government">
Tlicho Government

The Tlicho Government is a First Nations organization representing the Tli Cho people of the Northwest Territories, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9889683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889683" title="Action description language">
Action description language

In artificial intelligence, Action description language (ADL) is an automated planning and scheduling system in particular for robots. It is considered an advancement of STRIPS. Pednault (a specialist in the field of Data abstraction and modelling who has been an IBM Research Staff Member in the Data Abstraction Research Group since 1996) proposed this language in 1987. It is an example of an action language.
Origins.
Pednault observed that the expressive power of STRIPS was susceptible to being improved by allowing the effects of an operator to be conditional. This is the main idea of ADL-A, which is basically the propositional fragment of the ADL proposed by Pednault, with ADL-B an extension of -A. In the -B extension actions can be described with indirect effects by the introduction of a new kind of propositions: ”static laws". A third variation of ADL is ADL-C which is similar to -B, in the sense that its propositions can be classiﬁed into static and dynamic laws, but with some more particularities.
The sense of a planning language is to represent certain conditions in the environment and, based on these, automatically generate a chain of actions which lead to a desired goal. A goal is a certain partially specified condition. Before an action can be executed its preconditions must be fulfilled; after the execution the action yields effects, by which the environment changes. The environment is described by means of certain predicates, which are either fulfilled or not.
Contrary to STRIPS, the principle of the open world applies with ADL: everything not occurring in the conditions is 
unknown (Instead of being assumed false). In addition, whereas in STRIPS only positive literals and conjunctions are permitted, ADL allows negative literals and disjunctions as well.
Syntax of ADL.
An ADL schema consists of an action name, an optional parameter list and four optional groups of clauses labeled Precond, Add, Delete and Update.
The Precond group is a list of formulae that define the preconditions for the execution of an action. If the set is empty the value "TRUE" is inserted into the group and the preconditions are always evaluated as holding conditions.
The Add and Delete conditions are specified by the Add and Delete groups, respectively. Each group consists of a set of clauses of the forms shown in the left-hand column of the figure 1:
The Update groups are used to specify the update conditions to change the values of function symbols. An Update group consists of a set of clauses of the forms shown in the left column of the figure 2:
Semantics of ADL.
The formal semantic of ADL is defined by 4 constraints. The first constraint is that actions may not change the set of objects that exist in the world; this means that for every action α and every current-state/next-state pair (s, t) ∈ a, it must be the case that the domain of t should be equal to the domain of s.
The second constraint is that actions in ADL must be deterministic. If (s, t1) and (s, t2) are current-state/next-state pairs of action ∃, then it must be the case that t1 = t2.
The third constraint incorporated into ADL is that the functions introduced above must be representable as first-order formulas. For every n-ary relation symbol R, there must exist a formula ΦaR x1... ,xn) with free variables x2...,xn such that faR(s) is given by:
t(R) = faR(s) = (d1... , dn) ∈ Dom(s)n | s⊧ ΦaR(x1,xn)
Consequently, F(n1...,xn) = y will be true after performing action |= if and only if ΦaR (x1... ,xn,y) was true beforehand. Note that this representability requirement relies on the first constraint ( Domain of f should be equal to domain of s).
The fourth and final constraint incorporated into ADL is that set of states in which an action is executable must also be representable as a formula. For every action α that can be represented in ADL, there must exist a formula Πa with the property that s |= Πa if and only if there is some state t for which (s, t ) ∈ α (i.e. action α is executable in state s)
Complexity of planning.
In terms of computational efficiency, ADL can be located between STRIPS and the Situation Calculus. Any ADL problem can be translated into a STRIPS instance – however, existing compilation techniques are worst-case exponential. This worst case cannot be improved if we are willing to preserve the length of plans polynomially, and thus ADL is strictly more brief than STRIPS.
ADL planning is still a PSPACE-complete problem. Most of the algorithms polynomial space even if the preconditions and effects are complex formulae.
Most of the top-performing approaches to classical planning internally utilize a STRIPS like representation. In fact most of the planners (FF, LPG, Fast-Downward, SGPLAN5 and LAMA) ﬁrst translate the ADL instance into one that is essentially a STRIPS one (without conditional or quantiﬁed effects or goals).
Comparison between STRIPS and ADL.
The expressiveness of the STRIPS language is constrained by the types of transformations on sets of formulas that can be described in the language. Transformations on sets of formulas using STRIPS operators are accomplished by removing some formulas from the set to be transformed and adding new additional formulas. For a given STRIPS operator the formulas to be added and deleted are fixed for all sets of formulas to be transformed. Consequently, STRIPS operators cannot adequately model actions whose effects depend on the situations in which they are performed. Consider a rocket which is going to be fired for a certain amount of time. The trajectory may vary not only because of the burn duration but also because of the velocity, mass and orientation of the rocket. It cannot be modelled by means of a STRIPS operator because the formulas that would have to be added and deleted would depend on the set of formulas to be transformed.
Although an efficient reasoning is possible when the STRIPS language is being used it is generally recognized that the expressiveness of STRIPS is not suitable for modeling actions in many real world applications. This inadequacy motivated the development of the ADL language. ADL expressiveness and complexity lies between the STRIPS language and the situation calculus. Its expressive power is sufficient to allow the rocket example described above to be represented yet, at the same time, it is restrictive enough to allow efficient reasoning algorithms to be developed.
As an example in a more complex version of the blocks world: It could be that block A is twice as big as blocks B and C, so the action xMoveOnto(B,A) might only have the effect of negating Clear(A) if On(A,C) is already true, or creating the conditional effect depending on the size of the blocks. This kind of conditional effects would be hard to express in STRIPS notation without the conditional effects.
Example.
Consider the problem of air freight transport, where certain goods must be transported from an airport to another airport by plane and where airplanes need to be loaded and unloaded.
The necessary actions would be "loading", "unloading" and "flying"; over the 
descriptors one could express "In(c, p)" and "At(x, a)" whether a freight "C" is in an airplane "p" and whether an object "x" is at an airport "A".
The actions could be defined then as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9889685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889685" title="S.E.N.S.I.B.L.E. Choice">
S.E.N.S.I.B.L.E. Choice

S.E.N.S.I.B.L.E. Choice was a lobby group in St. Albert, Alberta that ran newspaper advertisements supporting a specific alignment for the West Regional Road and endorsed candidates for election to St. Albert City Council during the 2001 municipal election. The candidates endorsed by the group - Richard Plain for mayor and James Burrows, Neil Korotash, Lynda Moffat, Doug Ritzen, and Curtis Stewart for alderman - were all elected.
The group was criticized for revealing neither its members (only one spokesperson, local public relations professional Dawne Fowler, was ever named) nor its financial backers. After the election, Advertising Standards Canada found that the group's advertisements were "inaccurate and misleading".

</doc>
<doc id="9889693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889693" title="Marcel Detienne">
Marcel Detienne

Marcel Detienne (born 1935) is a Belgian historian and specialist in the study of ancient Greece. He is Professor Emeritus at The Johns Hopkins University, where he held the Basil L. Gildersleeve chair in Classics.
Along with Jean-Pierre Vernant and Pierre Vidal-Naquet, Detienne has sought to apply an anthropological approach, informed by the structuralism of Claude Lévi-Strauss, to classical and archaic Greece.
Detienne received his "Doctorat en sciences religieuses" at the "École des Hautes Études" in 1960, and his "Doctorat en philosophie et lettres" from the University of Liège in 1965.
Detienne was at one time a "directeur d'études" at the "École pratique des hautes études", where he taught until 1998. He was also a founder of the "Centre de recherches comparées sur les sociétés anciennes" in Paris. Detienne began teaching in the Department of Classics at Johns Hopkins University in 1992.
Bibliography.
As editor or co-editor:

</doc>
<doc id="9889717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889717" title="Rosa María Britton">
Rosa María Britton

Rosa María Britton is a Panamanian novelist born on July 28, 1936 in Panama City.
Background and education.
Her father was Cuban and her mother was Panamanian. She attended school in Panama City and her secondary studies in Havana, Cuba. She studied Medicine at the University of Madrid in Spain and continued her studies in gynecology and oncology at the Brooklyn Jewish Medical Center in the United States.
She has lived in Panama since 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="9889718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889718" title="Scott Hunter (American football)">
Scott Hunter (American football)

James Scott Hunter (born November 19, 1947) is a former professional football player, a quarterback in the National Football League in the 1970s. He played for the Green Bay Packers, Buffalo Bills, Atlanta Falcons, and Detroit Lions.
Early years.
Born in Mobile, Alabama, Hunter graduated from Vigor High School in Prichard. He played college football at the University of Alabama, where he set numerous passing records under coach Bear Bryant. After Hunter left, the Crimson Tide switched to the run-oriented Wishbone offense in 1971.
Hunter was selected in the sixth round of the 1971 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers, the 140th overall pick. He was chosen by the Packers because of his similarities in pedigree with the aging Green Bay legend Bart Starr. Hunter played most of the 1972 season, leading the Packers to their last divisional title until the Brett Favre era. Hunter played for eight seasons in the NFL.
Pro career.
As a rookie, Hunter started ten games for the Packers in 1971, and completed 75 passes in 163 attempts, with seven touchdowns against seventeen interceptions. Though he again had more interceptions than touchdown passes, Hunter showed signs of improvement in 1972, leading a run-oriented offense and Green Bay to a 10–4 record, their first division title and playoff appearance since 1967. He regressed the next year, and started only five games, replaced by Jerry Tagge. After signing a multi-year deal in May 1974, Hunter was traded in July to the Buffalo Bills, where he was the back-up to Joe Ferguson. He never started a game for the Bills, and made only one appearance during the entire season. He was waived during the 1975 training camp and did not play in the NFL that season.
Hunter's career was given new life in Atlanta in 1976. With the previous year's top draft pick Steve Bartkowski benched, Hunter started six games. For the first time in his career, he threw more touchdowns that interceptions, with 8 TD's and 6 picks. Hunter started seven games in 1977, until Bartkowski returned from knee surgery and took over as the full-time starter. Hunter was released after the season, and did not play in the NFL in 1978. His last season in the NFL was 1979 with the Detroit Lions, where he backed up Gary Danielson and Jeff Komlo, then was released after the season.
For his NFL career, Hunter completed 335 of 748 passes for 4,756 yards, with 23 touchdown passes and 38 interceptions.
After football, Hunter returned to Alabama and worked as a sportscaster in Mobile for nearly two decades, then as an investment broker.

</doc>
<doc id="9889724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889724" title="Huahine – Fare Airport">
Huahine – Fare Airport

Huahine – Fare Airport is an airport serving the island of Huahine in French Polynesia . The airport is located in the northern part of the commune of Fare, on the Island of Huahine.Fare.[http://www.tahiti-aeroport.pf/articles.php?cat=8]
In 2006, 151,907 passengers utilized the airport.[http://www.aeroport.fr/les-aeroports-de-l-uaf/stats-huahine.php]

</doc>
<doc id="9889745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889745" title="Nancy Heppner">
Nancy Heppner

Nancy Heppner (born 1971) is a current Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, first sitting with Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, and now as a member of the Government of Saskatchewan.
Early life.
She was born in Swift Current, and graduated from high school in 1989.
She went on to postsecondary education at the University of British Columbia.
Political career.
Heppner got involved in politics in 1995 door knocking for her father Ben Heppner.
In 2000 she became the executive assistant for Member of Parliament Carol Skelton. She then moved on as Question Period coordinator for Stephen Harper until 2005.
Nancy worked for the Honourable Bev Oda (Minister of Canadian Heritage; MP for Durham) as her Director of Communications in early 2006.
Her father Ben Heppner died from cancer in 2006 and was the previous MLA for Martensville.
Heppner won a by-election for the electoral district of Martensville with 77% of the vote on March 5, 2007 for the Saskatchewan Party.
She became the first woman in Saskatchewan history to directly succeed her father as a representative in the Legislative Assembly for the same constituency, and the second woman to follow in her father's footsteps as an MLA.
Heppner was named Environment Critic by the leader of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, Brad Wall on March 12, 2007.
Heppner retained her seat in the general election of November 7, 2007, capturing 73.5% of the vote. She was sworn into the new Saskatchewan Party cabinet as Minister of the Environment on November 21, 2007.
On Tuesday, June 29, 2010 she was shuffled out of cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="9889766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889766" title="Kaukura Airport">
Kaukura Airport

Kaukura Airport is an airport on Kaukura Atoll in French Polynesia . The airport is 1 km north of Raitahiti.

</doc>
<doc id="9889770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889770" title="Luke Butkus">
Luke Butkus

Lucas J. Butkus (born June 26, 1979 in Steger, Illinois) is an American football coach and former center, currently serving as offensive line coach for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Playing career.
He attended training camp with the Bears in 2002 and the San Diego Chargers in 2003. Butkus also played center for the Rhein Fire (2003) and Cologne Centurions (2004) of NFL Europe. He attended Bloom Trail High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois and the University of Illinois.
Coaching career.
Prior to joining the Bears, he spent the two years as a graduate assistant coach at the University of Oregon (2005–06). While the announcement that the tenure of Quality Control coaches Butkus and Charles London would end came on the same day as the public learned that several Bears' offensive coaches would be fired, leading to speculation that London and Butkus were fired for performance issues, the team would later clarify that the Quality Control coaches were signed to contracts set to expire after the 2009/10 season, regardless of the team's final standing.
Butkus joined the Seattle Seahawks on February 1, 2010 as an assistant offensive line coach. Butkus left the Seahawk organization on January 3, 2011 when he was offered a position with his alma mater, the University of Illinois by new Illinois Fighting Illini head coach Tim Beckman. Butkus will serve the program as offensive line coach.
Personal.
Butkus is the nephew of Hall of Fame linebacker Dick Butkus.

</doc>
<doc id="9889788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889788" title="Humboldt Crabs">
Humboldt Crabs

The Humboldt Crabs are a collegiate summer baseball team located in Arcata, California. Playing in every season since they were founded in 1945 by Lou Bonomini, later joined by Ned Barsuglia, the Crabs are the oldest continually-operated summer collegiate baseball team in American baseball.
Brief Background.
In the 67-year history of the Humboldt Crabs, over 300 players have continued on to play professional baseball, with over 60 former Crabs going all the way to the Major Leagues. A few examples are Garth Iorg, Dane Iorg, and Wally Scott. John Oldham, a Crabs pitcher in 1952-53, was the first to make it all the way, playing for the Cincinnati Reds in 1956. More recently, Leo Rosales, who pitched for the 2002 Crabs, was called up to the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2008. 2003 Crabs infielder Brett Pill was called up to the San Francisco Giants in 2011, and was on the team's 2012 roster as a 1st baseman.
The Crabs play the majority of their games at home at the Arcata Ball Park, owned by the City of Arcata. The team is made up of college players from different NCAA programs throughout the U.S. The Humboldt Crabs are a non-profit baseball organization operated by a 14-member all-volunteer Board of Directors. Major rivals include the Redding Colt .45s, the Southern Oregon Riverdawgs, the Fontanetti's Athletics, and the Humboldt Steelheads.
In 2007, the team's 63rd consecutive season, the Crabs overall season record was 42 - 12; in 2008, the Crabs drew an average of 874 fans to the ball park and went 35 - 13 for the season; in 2009 the Crabs record was 48-11; in their 66th season, 2010, the Crabs went 43 - 9. Their 67th consecutive season began with the Annual Season Opening Dinner on June 3, 2011 (always the first Friday in June). Regular-season play ended July 31, with post-season Tournament play August 5–7, 2011.
Far West League.
The Crabs currently play in the Far West League (FWL), which has ten teams participating in the 2011 season. The five-team FWL North Division includes the Humboldt Crabs, Nor Cal Pirates, Redding Colt .45s, Nevada Bullets (formerly Reno Aces), and Southern Oregon RiverDawgs. The five-team FWL South Division includes the Atwater Aviators, Fontanetti's Athletics, Neptune Beach Pearl, California Glory, and Fresno Cardinals. The Crabs were part of the West Coast League/Tri-State (which was associated with the West Coast League in the Pacific Northwest) then merged with the Pacific West Baseball League to form the FWL. (The California Seals were originally an eleventh team in the FWL but are on hiatus for the 2011 season.)
2011 League Champions.
This inaugural year of the Far West League culminated with the top five League teams competing in a double-elimination Tournament, hosted by the Humboldt Crabs and played in the Arcata Ball Park, August 5–7. The Humboldt Crabs (21 - 6), with the best record in regular season league play, were the top-seeded team, but lost their first game to fourth-seed Fontanetti's Athletics, 1-0, on August 5. To avoid being eliminated, the Crabs had to win four games in a row. On August 6, the Crabs shut out the Atwater Aviators, 2-0, in an elimination game. On August 7 the Crabs won three games in one day, starting with Fontanetti's Athletics, 7-2, (who had beaten the Crabs 2 of 3 games in regular-season play); then facing the Neptune Beach Pearl who had won 8 of their previous 9 games, and who were as yet undefeated in the Tournament. By winning four in a row, including 6-3 and 5-1 wins over the Pearl, the Crabs avoided elimination and won the tournament and the championship.
The Humboldt Crabs finished the 2011 season with records of 40-13 overall, 25-7 in League/Conference play.
The Humboldt Crabs rank #22 from among over 220 summer collegiate league teams in the nation for the week of August 9, 2011, by Perfect Game USA.
The Far West League plans to conduct a season-ending championship event every year. While this year’s tournament was hosted by the Humboldt Crabs, subsequent tournaments could be held in other Far West League team locations.
2011 Player Awards.
Following the conclusion of the final Far West League Tournament game, Coaches Matt Nutter and Robin Guiver gave out the 2011 player awards as follows:
Organization.
President.
Matt Filar
Coaching Staff.
Trainers: Nate Kees, Eric Imrie
2011 Team Roster.
John Austin👍, LHP; Andrew Ayers, IF; Kyle Cerrudo, C; Adam Clear, 3B/SS; Kyle Crawford, LHP; Jordan Davis, C; Chris DeBoo, RHP; David DelGrande, IF; Bryndon Ecklund, OF; Gene Escat, RHP; Paul Eshleman, C; Cody Gappa, IF/OF; Justin Higley, OF; Nick Latta, SS; Matt Lopez, IF/OF; Ryan Lucas, RHP; Jimmy MacWilliam, LHP; Jason Mahood, 2B; Peter Miller, RHP/IF; Brett Morgan, RHP/OF; Cedar Morgan, RHP; Zach Morgan, RHP; Dylan Morrow, RHP; Zach O'Hanen, RHP; Austin Prott, OF/1B; Victor Soto, RHP; Ivory Thomas, IF/OF; Joey Van Cleave, RHP; Casey Watkins, OF/C; Aaron West, RHP
Board of Directors.
President Matt Filar, 
Ellen Barthman,
John Fesler,
Erik Fraser,
Stephanie Lane,
Roger Lorenzetti,
Tracy McCormack,
Jerry Nutter,
Carl Pellatz,
Randy Robertson,
Benjamin Shaeffer,
Jon Stocum,
Larry Zerlang,
and the Alumni Liaison (currently vacant).

</doc>
<doc id="9889795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889795" title="Makemo Airport">
Makemo Airport

Makemo Airport is an airport on Makemo in French Polynesia . It is 10 km WNW of the village of Pouheva.

</doc>
<doc id="9889802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889802" title="Greg Villa">
Greg Villa

Gregory "Greg" Villa is a retired U.S. soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League. He earned eighteen caps, scoring five goals, with the United States men's national soccer team between 1977 and 1980.
Youth.
Villa grew up in Saint Louis, Missouri where he attended Mehlville High School from 1971 to 1975. He also played for the Busch Soccer Club as a youth player. Villa attended Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. In 1975, he scored 9 goals and assisted on 8 others. The next season he led the team with 14 goals.
Professional.
Villa played for the Minnesota Kicks from 1977 to 1979. The Strikers traded Villa to the Tulsa Roughnecks only a few games into the 1979 season. At the end of the season, the Roughnecks traded him to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers for the 1980 season. At the completion of the 1980 NASL season, he signed with the St. Louis Steamers of Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). He played two seasons with the Steamers before trying out for Team America after being waived by the Chicago Sting without playing a game with them. In 1983, the U.S. Soccer Federation entered the U.S. national team in NASL. Team America ended the season 10-20 and USSF withdrew it from the league at the end of the season. Villa played one more season with the Steamers in 1985-1986.
National team.
Villa earned eighteen caps with the national team from 1977 to 1980. His first game with the national team came in a September 15, 1977 victory over El Salvador. Villa scored in the game, putting him in the company of about a dozen U.S. players who have scored in their debut with the national team. Villa went on to play nearly every national team game during the next three years. He also was a member of the U.S. Olympic Soccer Team which qualified for the 1980 Summer Olympics. However, due to President Carter’s boycott of the games, held in the Soviet Union, Villa did not play in the Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="9889804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889804" title="Dragor (river)">
Dragor (river)

The river Dragor () is a small river situated in the south of the Republic of Macedonia. It flows mainly through the city of Bitola. Its spring is located near Sapunčica, on the Baba Mountain. The Dragor is a right tributary of the Crna river. 
In January 2012, for the first time, the Dragor river froze. 

</doc>
<doc id="9889825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889825" title="Lontara alphabet">
Lontara alphabet

The Lontara script is a Brahmic script traditionally used for the Bugis, Makassarese, and Mandar languages of Sulawesi in Indonesia. It is also known as the Buginese script, as Lontara documents written in this language are the most numerous. It was largely replaced by the Latin alphabet during the period of Dutch colonization, though it is still used today to a limited extent. The term "Lontara" is derived from the Malay name for palmyra palm, "lontar", whose leaves are traditionally used for manuscripts. In Buginese, this script is called "urupu sulapa eppa" which means "four-cornered letters", referencing the Bugis-Makasar belief of the four elements that shaped the universe: fire, water, air, and earth.
History.
Lontara is a descendant of the Kawi script, used in Maritime Southeast Asia around 800 CE. It is unclear whether the script is a direct descendant from Kawi, or derived from one of Kawi's other descendants. One theory states that it is modelled after the Rejang script, perhaps due to their graphical similarities. But this claim may be unfounded as some characters of the Lontara are a late development.
The term Lontara has also come to refer to literature regarding Bugis history and genealogy, including the "Sure’ Galigo" creation myth. Historically, Lontara was also used for a range of documents including contracts, trade laws, treaties, maps, and journals. These documents are commonly written in a contemporary-like book form, but they can be written in a traditional palm-leaf manuscript also called Lontara, in which a long, thin strip of dried lontar is rolled to a wooden axis in similar manner to a tape recorder. The text is then read by scrolling the lontar strip from left to right.
Although the Latin alphabet has largely replaced Lontara, it is still used to a limited extent in Bugis and Makasar. In Bugis, its usage is limited to ceremonial purposes such as wedding ceremonies. Lontara is also used extensively in printing traditional Buginese literature. In Makasar, Lontara is additionally used for personal documents such as letters and notes. Those who are skilled in writing the script are known as "palontara", or 'writing specialists'.
Usage.
Lontara is an abugida with 23 basic consonants. As of other Brahmic scripts, each consonant of Lontara carries an inherent /a/ vowel, pronounced /ɔ/ in Buginese (similar articulations are found in the Javanese script), which are changed via diacritics into one of the following vowels; /i/, /u/, /e/, /ə/, or /o/. However, Lontara do not have a virama, or other consonant-ending diacritics. Nasal /ŋ/, glottal /ʔ/, and gemination used in Buginese language are not written. As such, text can be highly ambiguous, even to native readers. For instance, can be read as "sara" 'sorrow', "sara"' 'rule', or "sarang" 'nest'. 
The Buginese people take advantage of this defective element of the script in language games called "Basa to Bakke’" ('Language of Bakke’ people') and "Elong maliung bəttuanna" (literally 'song with deep meaning') riddles. "Basa to Bakke’" is similar to punning, where words with different meanings but same spelling are manipulated to come up with phrases that have hidden message. This is similar to "Elong maliung bettuanna", in which audience are asked to figure the correct pronunciation of a meaningless poem to reveal the poem's hidden message.
Lontara is written from left to right, but it can also be written boustrophedonically. This method is mostly applied in old Buginese journals, in which each page are reserved for record of one day. If a scribe ran out of writing space for one day's log, the continuing line would be written sideways to the page, following a zig-zag pattern until all space are filled.
Form.
The contemporary Lontara script are distinctively angular compared to other Brahmic scripts, succeeding from two older, less angular variant called "Toa jangang-jangang" and "Bilang-bilang". Lontara are written without word space ("scriptio continua").
Consonants.
The consonants ("indo’ surə’" or "ina’ surə’" ) consist of 23 letters. Like other Indic abugidas, each consonant represents a syllable with the inherent vowel /a/, which is pronounced /ɔ/ in Buginese. 
As previously mentioned, Lontara does not feature a vowel killer mark, like halant or virama common among Indic scripts. Nasal /ŋ/, glottal /ʔ/, and gemination used in Buginese language are not written (with the exception of accidental initial glottal stops, which are written with the null consonant "a"). 
Four frequent consonant clusters however, are denoted with specific letters. These are "ngka" , "mpa" , "nra" and "nca" . "Nca" actually represents the sound "nyca" (/ɲca/), but often transcribe only as "nca". Those letters are not used in the Makassarese language . The letter "ha" is a new addition to the script for the glottal fricative due to the influence of the Arabic language. 
Vowels.
The diacritic vowels ( "ana’ surə’") are used to change the inherent vowel of the consonants. There are 5 "ana’ surə’", with /ə/ not used in the Makassarese language (which does not make a phonological distinction with the inherent vowel). Graphically, they can be divided into two subsets; dots (') and accents ('). 
Additionally, the third vowel must appear before (to the left) the consonant that it modifies, but must remain logically encoded after that consonant, in conforming Unicode implementations of fonts and text renderers (this case of "prepended vowels" which occurs in many Indic scripts, does not follow the exception to the Unicode logical encoding order, admitted only for the prepended vowels in the Thai, Lao and Tai Viet scripts). Currently, many fonts or text renderers do not implement this single reordering rule for the Buginese script, and may still incorrectly display that vowel at the wrong position.
Other diacritics.
To transcribe foreign words as well as reducing ambiguity, recent Buginese fonts includes three diacritics that suppress inherent vowel (virama), nasalize vowel (anusvara), and mark glottal end or geminated consonant, depending on the position. These diacritics do not exist in traditional Lontara and are not included into Unicode, but has gained currency among Buginese experts, such as Mr Djirong Basang, who worked with the Monotype Typography project to prepare the Lontara fonts used in the LASERCOMP photo typesetting machine.
Punctuation.
"Pallawa", is used to separate rhythmico-intonational groups, thus functionally corresponds to the period and comma of the Latin script. The "pallawa" is can also be used to denote the doubling of a word or its root.
Sorting order.
The Lontara block for Unicode use Matthe's order, in which prenasalized consonants are placed after corresponding nasal consonant, similar to how aspirated consonant would be placed following its unaspirated counterpart in standard Sanskrit. Matthe's order however, does not follow traditional Sanskrit sequence except for the first three of its consonants. 
Lontara consonants can also be sort according to their shapes;
Support of the script in Unicode.
Buginese was added to the Unicode Standard in March, 2005 with the release of version 4.1.
The Unicode block for Buginese is U+1A00. U+1A1F. Grey areas indicate non-assigned code points.
Support of the script in Unicode applications.
To get the correct display of the prepended vowel , you need either:
As a consequence, there is still no complete support for this Buginese script in most major Operating Systems and applications. 
And the script can only be rendered correctly, temporarily, using either:
For example, the normal and expected encoding of the Buginese syllable "ke" in texts conforming to the Unicode standard (encoded in logical order) is
which currently renders as ᨀᨙ (this rendering will currently be wrong most of the time).
With the third solution above (which is technically still conforming to the Unicode standard, but is logically a distinct orthography using two separate grapheme clusters, which would normally be logically interpreted as "(e)ka" instead of the plain syllable "ke", even if it visually reads as "ke"), it could instead be specially encoded in tweaked texts (in visual order) as:
which should now render correctly as  ᨙᨀ (but note the possible larger left-side and/or right-side bearings around the vowel, which is now shown in isolation separately from the following letter "ka", and in the middle of a non-breaking space which may itself be larger than the diacritic; this may be corrected in fonts, by including a single kerning pair for the vowel occurring after a whitespace). Although this solution is not ideal for the long term, text indexers may be adapted for compatibility of this encoding with the recommended encoding exposed in the previous paragraph, by considering this character triple as semantically equivalent as the previous character pair; and future fonts and text layout engines could also render this triple by implementing a non-discretionnary ligature between the two graphemes, so that it will render exactly like the standard character pair (which uses a single grapheme cluster).
Sample texts.
An extract from "Latoa".
"If you deal with a person guilty of something, do not punish him too harshly. Always make the punishment commensurable with the guilt, since God will be angry with you if the person's guilt is not great and you are exaggerating it. Equally, if a person is guilty, do not let him go without a punishment in accordance with his guilt."

</doc>
<doc id="9889840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889840" title="Nick Bertozzi">
Nick Bertozzi

Nick Bertozzi (born May 26, 1970) is an American comic book writer and artist, as well as a commercial illustrator and teacher of cartooning. His series "Rubber Necker" from Alternative Comics won the 2003 Harvey Awards for best new talent and best new series. His project, "The Salon" (published by St. Martin's Press), examines the creation of cubism in 1907 Paris in the context of a fictional murder mystery.
Early life.
Bertozzi grew up on the East Side of Providence, Rhode Island, and in Rehoboth, Massachusetts, and got his BA from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He has lived in Madrid, Philadelphia, and New York City.
Career.
Bertozzi also illustrated "Houdini: The Handcuff King" (published by Hyperion), which was written by Jason Lutes. Bertozzi also publishes two webcomics, "Persimmon Cup" and "Pecan Sandy", as part of the ACT-I-VATE comics blog. His illustration clients include Nickelodeon magazine, "Spin", "The New York Times", "New York Press", "Gourmet", Abercrombie & Fitch, and WFMU.
He teaches cartooning at the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="9889851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889851" title="Don't Be Cruel (Bobby Brown song)">
Don't Be Cruel (Bobby Brown song)

"Don't Be Cruel" is a song performed by R&B artist Bobby Brown. Taken from his second and most successful album as its title track, the song was written and produced by the R&B production duo Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds and Antonio "L.A." Reid.
Chart performance.
"Don't Be Cruel" was Brown's second single to reach the top portion of the R&B chart where it remained for two weeks. As a pop crossover, it rose from number 59 to number 49, on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, the week of August 13, 1988 but it took two months to finally peak at number eight the week of October 15, 1988. In October 2004, "Don't Be Cruel" appeared in popular video game "", playing on fictional New Jack Swing radio station .
Music video.
http://www.vevo.com/watch/bobby-brown/dont-be-cruel/USUV70500400
The music video was filmed in Boston in May 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="9889876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889876" title="Heinz Rutha">
Heinz Rutha

Heinz Rutha (born Heinrich Rutha; 20 April 1897 Liberec - 4 November 1937 Česká Lípa) was a Sudeten German interior decorator and politician for the Sudeten German Party. He committed suicide in prison after having been publicly accused of homosexual practices and the "corruption of youth."
Active in the "Wandervogel", an early German-nationalist youth movement, Rutha came to envision his own ideas of a ""Männerbund"," influenced in part by the rise of national self-awareness on the part of the Sudeten Germans after the collapse of Austria-Hungary. In 1921, inspired by the "male bonding" notions of the gay German poet Stefan George, he created the "Jungenschaft", his own section within the "Wandervogel". In 1926, Rutha and his group left the "Wandervogel" and joined the Sudeten "Turnverbund", where Konrad Henlein was one of his disciples. Rutha was also active in the elitist and covert "Kameradschaftsbund" organization. Later he joined the Sudeten German Party (SdP), as did many other members of the "Kameradschaftsbund".
In 1937, the Czechoslovak media published stories charging Rutha with homosexual practices, based on police interrogations of young men employed at Rutha's furniture manufacturing plant. Rutha never came to trial, for he hanged himself in a Česká Lípa prison on 4 November 1937. Many other investigations of the Youth Movement were started (most notably scrutinizing the sexual activities of Walter Brand). The direct political aftermath was that Konrad Henlein, as leader of the SdP, had to start making political concessions to the National Socialist wing of the party. In the following years, the National Socialists invoked the charges against Rutha as a handy tool to ostracize and expel many Sudeten separatists out of the SdP. This shifted the balance of power in favor of those who favored "Anschluss" with Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9889883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889883" title="March 2007 Sumatra earthquakes">
March 2007 Sumatra earthquakes

The March 2007 Sumatra earthquakes were two earthquakes which hit near the northern end of Lake Singkarak in Sumatra, Indonesia, on March 6, 2007 within two hours of each other.
Earthquakes.
The initial quake at 10:49 (03:49 UTC) measured 6.4 on the Moment magnitude scale and the second quake at 12:49 (05:49 UTC) measured 6.3. The earthquakes were felt as far away as Singapore and Malaysia, which prompted the evacuation of some buildings there.
Effects.
Over 60 fatalities and 460 serious injuries have been reported, spread across many towns and regencies in West Sumatra. Over 43,000 houses were damaged, with over 12,000 of those severely damaged. The severe damage to other structures includes over 130 public facilities, 310 mosques, 60 government buildings, 370 schools, and 230 shops. According to the governor of West Sumatra, Agam Regency is the worst affected area, though other areas including Solok Regency and Tanah Datar are also badly affected. The total value of damages is estimated to be around 1.4 trillion Indonesian rupiah (US$160 million).
Response.
A variety of local and international aid organizations have deployed to the region to assist victims. A number of countries have pledged aid, including the Netherlands (US$2.0 million), Sweden (US$1.0 million), Canada (US$0.21 million), Malaysia (US$0.16 million), United States (US$0.1 million) and Taiwan (US$0.06 million).
The US AID has supplied them with all sorts of essentials like blankets, water, food and first aid kits.

</doc>
<doc id="9889901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889901" title="Gnanendramohan Tagore">
Gnanendramohan Tagore

Gnanendramohan Tagore (also "Gyanendramohan Tagore") (January 24, 1826 – January 5, 1890) was the first Asian to be called to the bar in England, in 1862.
Early life.
Gnanendramohan Tagore was the son of Prasanna Coomar Tagore and grandson of Gopi Mohan Tagore one of the founders of Hindu College, of the Pathuriaghata branch of the Tagore family. He had won a scholarship of Rs. 40 per month and joined Calcutta Medical College in 1842, but did not complete his medical education. While a student of Hindu College, amongst his class mates were Rajnarain Bose and Gobinda Chandra Dutt (father of Toru Dutt).
When Hindu College was opened, orthodox sections of Hindu society thought that western education would not affect the rigid structure of Hindu society. They had even forced Ram Mohan Roy to stay out of it. However, ‘the contradictions between the College’s name and its secular curriculum soon became evident’ and many students of Hindu College embraced Christianity.
Gnanendramohan converted to Christianity in 1851, under the influence of his mentor, Krishna Mohan Banerjee and married his daughter Kamalmani. As a result, he was disowned by his father and deprived of his inheritance. Prasanna Coomar Tagore left his vast landed estates to his nephew, Maharaja Bahadur Sir Jatindra Mohan Tagore. Gnanendramohan later regained some of the inheritance through court.
Later life.
In 1859, Gnanendramohan Tagore went to England, with his wife, for medical treatment. On being cured he joined the University of London as professor of Hindu Law and Bengali. He passed the law examinations and was called to the Bar from Lincoln's Inn in 1862, being the first Asian to be so called. He returned to India in 1864 and joined Calcutta High Court in 1865.
After his wife’s death in 1869, he went back to England with his two daughters, Bhabendrabala and Satyendrabala, and died there subsequently. When Gynandanandini, wife of Satyendranath Tagore, went with her children to England in 1877, Gnanendramohan received them and was their host for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="9889922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889922" title="Mataiva Airport">
Mataiva Airport

Mataiva Airport is an airport on Mataiva in French Polynesia . It is west of Pahua village.

</doc>
<doc id="9889924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889924" title="Rodolfo Dantas Bispo">
Rodolfo Dantas Bispo

Rodolfo Dantas Bispo (born 23 October 1982 in Santos, São Paulo) is a versatile Brazilian footballer who played defender. He currently plays for Vasco da Gama.
Career.
Born in São Paulo, he joined Fluminense of Rio de Janeiro, a traditional rival state in football. While at Fluminense, he played against future teammate Kléber at Copa Sudamericana.
Rodolfo joined Dynamo Kyiv in July 2004.
He joined Lokomotiv Moscow in January 2007.
After Bilyaletdinov's departure to Everton, Rodolfo took his role and was appointed Lokomotiv's new captain.
Style of Play.
Rodolfo's style of play resembles that of his hero, Brazilian captain Lucio. As with Lucio style, Rodolfo also contributes in attack by frequently making long runs into the opponent's half using his technique and speed to full effect. Rodolfo is not shy in front of the net and has scored many important goals for Lokomotiv. He also possesses a good long shot.
International career.
He is capped for Brazil in 2004 CONMEBOL Men Pre-Olympic Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9889928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889928" title="Members' Lobby">
Members' Lobby

The Members' Lobby is a hallway in the Palace of Westminster used by members of the House of Commons, the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Members of Parliament may congregate here for discussions while not dealing with other business.
The Lobby is situated immediately south of the Commons Chamber, close to the Central Lobby, and is off-limits to members of the public during voting sessions. It hosts offices of government and opposition whips, who are responsible for organising voting along party lines.
Former British prime ministers are honoured with statues and busts in the Lobby. The monuments include:
The bronze statue of Thatcher was unveiled in February 2007, and placed close to the bust of her Conservative predecessor Edward Heath. The sculptures of Heath, Thatcher and James Callaghan were added sooner after their premierships than those of previous prime ministers, following a change in the rules on depiction in Parliament so as to allow representation within a person's lifetime, instead of at least 10 years after their death as was previously the case. Following the inclusion of Thatcher, the Commons Works of Art Committee subsequently pursued a special project to commemorate all Prime Ministers to hold office since 1902, searching for monuments to the three who still had yet to be recognised: Cambell-Bannerman, Law and Chamberlain. This project was successfully completed after the addition of a bust of her successor, John Major. A bust of Tony Blair has been approved by the Commons’ Works of Art Committee but no sculptor has yet been chosen. The Committee has also discussed plans for portraits of Gordon Brown, David Cameron and Nick Clegg.
The Members' Lobby was restored after its destruction in World War II "(see The Blitz)", as attested by the monogram of King George VI on its doors. The bomb-damaged arch at the entrance to the Commons was retained as a reminder of 10–11 May 1941; it is now known as the "Churchill Arch". The feet of Oscar Nemon's bronze statue of Winston Churchill, as well as that of David Lloyd George, which flank the Commons doors, have been eroded, apparently by generations of MPs rubbing them for luck. 

</doc>
<doc id="9889935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889935" title="The California Ramblers">
The California Ramblers

The California Ramblers were a popular and prolific jazz group from the 1920s, that recorded hundreds of songs under many different record labels throughout the 1920s. Three of the members of the band, Red Nichols, Jimmy Dorsey, and Tommy Dorsey, would go on to front big bands in later decades. [http://www.songfacts.com/detail.php?id=4502]
The original bandmembers were from Ohio, but chose the name "California Ramblers" because they thought people would be less inclined to listen to a jazz band from the Midwest. The Ramblers Inn was named after the band and was in Pelham, New York. The band was instantly successful, and would remain well known throughout the decade. They were one of the most prolific recording groups in the 1920s. The Ramblers recorded originally for Vocalion Records in November 1921. In early 1922, the front man for the California Ramblers, violinist Oscar Adler, told their manager, Ed Kirkeby, that he, Adler, was going to take over as the band's manager and booking agent. Ed Kirkeby, who had a lot of pull in the New York music scene, had the B. F. Keith Circuit bar the Ramblers from playing in any of their restaurants, dance halls, or theaters. By the end of March 1922 the original band broke up. They made their last recording on March 16, 1922 for Arto Records. The banjo player and founder of the Ramblers, Ray Kitchenman, asked Kirkeby if the band could be reformed and suggested a band playing at Shanley's Dance Hall which was led by violinist Arthur Hand. Kirkeby agreed and this new band of California Ramblers made their first recording on April 3, 1922 for the Emerson Record Company. In late 1924 the Ramblers signed a contract with Columbia Records and then, in conjunction with their manager Ed Kirkeby, agreed to waive all royalties to Columbia for the right to record for other companies under different names. [http://nfo.net/usa/c1.html They recorded for nearly every independent label in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., using over 100 unique aliases. List of pseudonyms
They weren't from Ohio necessarily — some were — but also from Pennsylvania. They played at Shanley's Dance Hall, The Monte Carlo, and the California Ramblers Inn and in 1928 at the McAlpin Hotel. Although they were not the first mixed band to record ( the first was Jimmy Durante's Original New Orleans jazz Band in 1918 with light-skinned black clarinetist Achille Baquet), they were an early integrated band with light-skinned black trumpeter Bill Moore in the band from 1922 – March 1925 when he was replaced by Red Nichols. Bill Moore was billed as The Hot Hawaiian during his time with the California Ramblers.
The California Ramblers were the first group to record the classic song "Has Anybody Seen My Gal?", in 1925, and many people in or associated with the band — Red Nichols, Jimmy Dorsey, Tommy Dorsey, Elwood Madeo Jr., and manager Ed Kirkeby — became some of the most famous and influential figures of the Big Band era.

</doc>
<doc id="9889944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889944" title="Has Anybody Seen My Gal? (song)">
Has Anybody Seen My Gal? (song)

"Has Anybody Seen My Girl? (Five Foot Two, Eyes of Blue)" is an American popular song that achieved its greatest popularity in the 1920s. It is sometimes known simply as "Has Anybody Seen My Girl?" and sometimes simply as "Five Foot Two, Eyes of Blue"; the 1925 Leo Feist, Inc. sheet music gives both of these.
Origin.
Accounts of who originally composed "Has Anybody Seen My Girl?" vary, particularly since the song, especially its lyrics, was often modified. Some sources state that Percy Weinrich wrote the music and Jack Mahoney the lyrics, in 1914. Credit for the most popular version of the song, though, is given to Ray Henderson for the music, and Sam M. Lewis and Joseph Widow Young for the lyrics. It was this version that was recorded by The California Ramblers in 1925.
Recordings.
The song was first recorded by The California Ramblers in 1925, and has been covered by many other artists since, including Shane Fenton and The Fentones, Arthur Fields, Guy Lombardo, Mitch Miller, Dean Martin, Freddy Cannon, Mickey Gilley, and Milla Jovovich. Nick Lucas sang the song in a recording that was used in the 1974 movie "The Great Gatsby".
Television.
The song was used as the theme song for "The Ina Ray Hutton Show" during the 1950s. Lucille Ball performs this song in an episode of "I Love Lucy", and also in the episode of "The Lucy Show" entitled "Lucy's College Reunion", in both performances playing the ukulele.
Lyrics.
The Jack Mahoney lyrics (1914) are the same as the chorus used in the Sam M. Lewis & Joseph Widow Young version (1925). Minor variations exist in recorded versions: for example "pearls" and "hers" instead of "fur" and "her".
<poem>
"Five foot two, eyes of blue,"
"But oh! what those five foot could do,"
"Has anybody seen my girl?"
"Turned-up nose, turned-down hose,"
"Flapper, yes sir, one of those, "Never had no other beaus," "All dressed up in fancy clothes,""
"Has anybody seen my girl?"
"Now if you run into a five-foot-two"
"Covered with fur,"
"Diamond rings, and all those things,"
"Bet your life it isn't her,"
"But could she love, could she woo,"
"Could she, could she, could she coo!"
"Has anybody seen my girl?"
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="9889965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889965" title="Doug Ithier">
Doug Ithier

Doug Ithier (born 20 July 1974) is an Australian footballer who played for Perth Glory, Walsall, and throughout Asia including Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Brunei and China. 
Career.
Ithier represented the senior Western Australia team from 1996 to 2003 including playing against Red Star Belgrade 28/1/2001.
Ithier was a cult figure amongst Perth Glory supporters for his flamboyant, aggressive play and changing hairstyles. In 1998 he had a 3 week trial with English Premier Division Champions Blackburn Rovers F.C. This side managed by Roy Hodgson included such players as Chris Sutton, Damien Duff, Colin Hendry and Martin Dahlin. But Ithier was refused the relevant work permit to sign in the UK. Without the European heritage to play in Europe Ithier returned and focussed on plying his trade in Asia.
Ithier started his Asian career with 1997 Malaysian Super League champions Sarawak FA under the guidance of Alan Vest. His debut game at a sold out Sarawak Stadium was in 1998 Malaysia Charity Shield against Selangor FA in which Sarawak FA won 3-1 with 9 players. Playing in the sweeper role Ithier flourished and quickly became a crowd favorite. Alan Vest once described Ithier as the "Best Header" of the ball in all Malaysia. Ithier's form in Malaysia earned him the trial with Blackburn Rovers F.C..
After returning from the UK, Ithier signed with S-League team Marine Castle United for the 1999 season. Ithier will be remembered in Singapore for his Blonde hair and colourful designed Adidas boots. He was selected as one of the best Foreign players and played in the S-League All Stars game. He was again a crowd favorite and constantly surrounded by fans after the game even when the team performed badly, giving autograph's. Ithier was involved in a life threatening incident whilst playing against Tanjong Pagar United Football Club. He rose to header a ball from a corner and collided with a player being knocked unconscious. The home side Tanjong Pagar FC did not have an ambulance present, and Ithier was saved by the Marine Castles physio. Tanjong Pagar United Football Club embroiled in controversy was fined by the S-League and the decision resulted in the safety procedures at all clubs to be re-written. Ithier played the following week against doctors advice and was named Man-of-The Match!
Dubbed the "Adopted Greek" during his 9 years on and off with Floreat Athena Ithier was renowned for spectacular long range goals (including one from the halfway line in the 2001 Night Series Final), specialty freekicks, and bone crunching tackles. He won Floreat Athena Fairest and Best player in 1996, and figured heavily in Athena's team of 1997's, regarded as one of Athena's best years, winning the Premier League, Cup and Night Series trophies under coach and former Greek legend Jim Pyrgolis.
Personal life.
Doug now has retired from playing and is the CEO and Licensee of First Property Australia pty ltd in Perth, Western Australia. He is an avid golfer playing off a handicap of 3, and cycles every day to keep fit.

</doc>
<doc id="9889969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889969" title="Maupiti Airport">
Maupiti Airport

Maupiti Airport is an airport on Maupiti, one of the Leeward Islands in French Polynesia. The airport is north of the village.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 08/26 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9889970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889970" title="André Luís">
André Luís

André Luís or André Luiz is a given name, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9889983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889983" title="Delhi School of Professional Studies and Research (DSPSR)">
Delhi School of Professional Studies and Research (DSPSR)

Delhi School of Professional Studies and Research, is a business school located in New Delhi, India. The school was established in 1998 along with the establishment of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University from which the College has gained affiliation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9889984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889984" title="Moorea Airport">
Moorea Airport

Moorea Airport () is an airport serving the island of Moorea in French Polynesia.
It is also known as Temae Airport or Moorea Temae Airport for its location near the village of Temae in northeastern Moorea. The airport is located northeast of Afareitu, the island's main village. It is also west of the island of Tahiti. The airport opened on October 6, 1967.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 12/30 with an asphalt surface measuring .
Ground Transportation.
The Moorea Tour Bus comes to the airport to pick up or drop off people. The bus is yellow and green.
Annual statistics.
Annual statistics for Moorea Airport:

</doc>
<doc id="9889994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9889994" title="Baaghi">
Baaghi

Baaghi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9890004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890004" title="Napuka Airport">
Napuka Airport

Napuka Airport is an airport on the atoll of Napuka, part of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia. The airport is adjacent to the village of Tepukamaruia.

</doc>
<doc id="9890020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890020" title="Franz Wasner">
Franz Wasner

Franz Mathias Wasner (December 28, 1905 – June 21, 1992) was the director and conductor of the Trapp Family Singers and a missionary. In the quasi-fictionalized stage and screen musical The Sound of Music, he is represented by the character Max Detweiler.
Biography.
Wasner was born on December 28, 1905, in Feldkirchen near Mattighofen, a small town in Upper Austria.
After graduating from the University of Innsbruck, he was ordained a priest and served in the small rural community of Mayrhofen in Tyrol for one year. He studied ecclesiastical law in Rome and graduated in 1934.
Father Wasner returned to Salzburg where he met Georg von Trapp. He and Trapp became close friends and from that time on he accompanied the Trapp family as director and conductor on all their concert tours. He also composed several masses and songs.
He then decided to do missionary work on the Fiji Islands until 1966. During his stay he commissioned murals in the small church of his station in Naiserelangi by the Mexican artist Jean Charlot.
The Vatican appointed him rector of the "Collegio Santa Maria dell'Anima" (the domicile of German-speaking theology students in Rome) which he managed for over 15 years.
He died in June 1992 in Salzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9890030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890030" title="Nuku Hiva Airport">
Nuku Hiva Airport

Nuku Hiva Airport is an airport on Nuku Hiva in the Marquesas Islands, French Polynesia. Its airport codes are . The airport is located 19 km northwest of the main village of Taiohae.

</doc>
<doc id="9890034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890034" title="Chappell–Ganguly controversy">
Chappell–Ganguly controversy

The Chappell–Ganguly controversy was caused by a series of events in late 2005 and early 2006 which involved highly publicised infighting in the Indian cricket team between the then newly appointed coach Greg Chappell and captain Sourav Ganguly. The dispute resulted in the removal of Ganguly as captain and his replacement by vice-captain Rahul Dravid in November 2005, with Ganguly being dropped from the ODI team. Ganguly was also dropped from the Test team at the end of January 2006. The dispute stirred up strong emotions in India, ranging from fiery street protests in Ganguly's home town of Kolkata and his home state of West Bengal, to speeches in the Parliament of India. Eventually Ganguly was recalled to the team in both forms of cricket in late 2006 after his replacements lost form, and was selected as a part of the Indian team for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
Background.
Greg Chappell, a former captain of the Australian cricket team, was selected as the new Indian coach, after John Wright returned to New Zealand when his contract expired at the end of the 2004/05 international season. India went through an indifferent 2004-05 season, losing the Border Gavaskar Trophy, their first series loss to Australia on Indian soil since 1969, and then squandering a 1-0 Test series lead against Pakistan to concede a drawn series 1-1 and then losing the last four ODIs under Wright to lose the ODI series 4-2. However, John Wright's tenure had also seen India's rise to the finals of the 2003 Cricket World Cup and its first victories against Pakistan on Pakistani soil in both the three-match Test series and the Samsung Cup five-match ODI series. John Wright's role in historic victories for India brought importance and prestige to the position of coach in Indian cricket. 
Chappell was chosen over the other contenders Dav Whatmore, Mohinder Amarnath, Graham Ford, Tom Moody and John Emburey in a highly publicised selection process. Although lacking the experience and coaching credentials of his rivals, Chappell had emerged as the favorite in the media, and secured the appointment with the active support of the Indian captain Sourav Ganguly. Chappell soon became the centre of the Indian media's attention, and his prominence and dominant personality soon began to clash with Ganguly, who had earned a reputation for being a successful and tough captain.
India's first tournament under Chappell was the 2005 Indian Oil Cup in Sri Lanka, with Dravid captaining the team. This came about after Ganguly was serving a 4 match suspension for slow over rates during the series against Pakistan in early 2005. The tournament saw Chappell introduce young batsmen such as Suresh Raina and Venugopal Rao, due to the suspension of Ganguly and the axing of V. V. S. Laxman. With Ganguly's suspension expiring, he was reinstated as the captain on the tour to Zimbabwe. Ganguly entered the series having not scored a century for almost two years since late 2003, when he scored 144 against Australia in Brisbane.
Zimbabwe tour.
The series saw Ganguly scoring a century in the First Test in Bulawayo, taking over 250 balls to accumulate his runs against an attack considered to be one of the worst in world cricket, which was severely depleted by the exodus of white players under the regime of Robert Mugabe. After rumors emerged that Ganguly had allegedly faked an injury during the match, Ganguly made defiant comments to the media, in which he accused members of team management of trying to pressure him to resign as captain, although he would not name individuals. Later during the tour, Chappell sent an email to the Board of Control for Cricket in India, which criticised Ganguly as being unfit to lead the team. The email was leaked, and upon returning to India, both Ganguly and Chappell were summoned to a BCCI board meeting in Mumbai. At the conclusion of the meeting, both resolved to work together in the best "interests of Indian cricket". 
The division amongst the team became public when off spinner Harbhajan Singh earned the ire of cricket authorities by publicly attacking Chappell and defending Ganguly after the team returned to India. Harbhajan claimed that Chappell used "double standards" and instilled "fear and insecurity" into the team. The Punjab Cricket Association called him to explain his actions, but he was not punished after offering an apology. This resulted in a gag order being placed on members of the team.
Ganguly's ODI omission.
In October 2005, Ganguly suffered an injury which forced him to be unavailable for the first four ODIs of a seven match ODI series against the touring Sri Lanka. This delayed a definitive decision on whether Ganguly would continue as Indian captain, with Dravid appointed in his absence. After the team took an unbeatable 4-0 series lead, the squad was reviewed for the final three matches. Although changes were made to the team, Ganguly was overlooked, and Dravid continued to lead the team for the rest of the series. At the end of the series which India claimed 6-1, Ganguly was again omitted for the ODI series against South Africa.
When the Indian team arrived at Eden Gardens in Calcutta for the third ODI of the series, an angry public greeted the team bus, chanting and waving banners with anti-Chappell and pro-Ganguly sentiment. Cameras captured a middle finger being displayed to the protestors, attributed to be the finger of Chappell. During the match, the Indian team were booed and the South African batsmen were cheered as they accumulated the runs necessary for a ten-wicket victory.
Test retention.
When the squad for the subsequent Test series against Sri Lanka was announced, Ganguly was included at the expense of paceman Zaheer Khan. At the time, BCCI chairman of selectors Kiran More justified the inclusion of Ganguly, as a "batting all rounder", despite Ganguly's Test bowling average being above 50. The announcement also resolved the captaincy issue, with Dravid named as captain, and Virender Sehwag as his deputy. 
Prior to the first Test in Chennai, debate centred on whether batsman Yuvraj Singh, who had been named man of the series against South Africa, would replace Ganguly in the middle order. Ganguly was retained, in a rain affected match, but did not score highly. The Yuvraj Ganguly debate was taken from the equation for the second Test at Feroz Shah Kotla in Delhi, when Sehwag was hospitalised with illness, allowing both to play. Ganguly made 39 and 40 in the Test, while Yuvraj recovered from a first innings duck to score an unbeaten 75 in the second to set up a winning victory target. At the end of the Test, More announced that Ganguly had been dropped from the squad, with Mohammad Kaif replacing him. He justified the decision by stating that it would be inappropriate to leave an experienced player like Ganguly out of the team and on the bench, implying that Ganguly and not Yuvraj would have been dropped on the return of Sehwag. As it turned out, Dravid became ill and was forced to withdraw from the Third Test in Ahmedabad, and Kaif played after being selected with the intention of avoiding Ganguly's humiliation as a reserve batsman. Kaif failed to make a large contribution the Third Test, while Yuvraj scored another half century. 
The decision to drop Ganguly resulted in widespread sympathy and praise for a man who had been previously reviled by the Indian cricket following, resulting in further street protests in Calcutta. This included organised protests by organisations, politicians, including the blockading of rail transport in Bengal. Ganguly's cause was taken up by federal parliamentarians in the Lok Sabha.
Despite being dropped from both ODI and Test teams, at the end of December 2006, Ganguly retained his A-grade BCCI contract, although Yuvraj and Kaif, who had replaced him in the Test team and were established members of the ODI team, remained on a B-grade contract.
Pakistan tour.
With the announcement of the team to tour arch rivals Pakistan in January 2006, Ganguly was again recalled to the Test team, with Kaif dropped. Leading up to the first Test in Lahore, this still left Ganguly appearing to be out of the team, with Yuvraj having recorded consecutive half-centuries. After a debate with Chappell and Dravid in the middle of the stadium before the start of the Test which was reported by observers to be heated, Ganguly found himself in the team, after specialist opener Gautam Gambhir was dropped to accommodate him, forcing Dravid to play as a makeshift opener along with Sehwag. On a batting friendly surface, Pakistan amassed more than 650 runs before declaring. Dravid and Sehwag responded with a 410 run opening stand, just three short of the world Test record set by fellow Indians Vinoo Mankad and Pankaj Roy in 1956. The match ended after Sehwag's dismissal, the last of many interruptions due to bad light. As a result, Ganguly did not have an opportunity with the bat. He was subsequently dropped for the Second Test in Faisalabad as India included an extra bowler on another batting friendly pitch, with Dravid continuing as a makeshift opener. After the Faisalabad Test ended in another high scoring draw, the Third Test was held on a green bowler friendly wicket in Karachi. With six batsmen required, Ganguly was recalled instead of the specialist opener Gambhir. India decided to retain Dravid as the makeshift opener, having scored consecutive centuries in the role. Dravid's success did not continue, failing to pass single figures in both innings. The Indian batsmen were unable to cope with the seaming conditions, and lost the Test and series 1-0. Yuvraj top-scored with a century, while Ganguly managed only 34 and 37, getting out to rash strokes in both innings after playing a few good shots. Critics questioned the tenability of the Dravid opening experiment which accommodated Ganguly in the Test team. 
Yuvraj further enhanced his standing in the subsequent ODI series, scoring a century and averaging more than 100, being named man of the series for the second consecutive ODI series. Ganguly was not recalled to the ODI team, which continued its recent success with a 4-1 result.
England series.
Ganguly's chances of being selected against England in their March 2006 tour of India received a boost when Yuvraj suffered a hamstring injury which ruled him out of the First Test in Nagpur. This opened a vacancy for Ganguly in the middle order, despite the return of Dravid to the middle order after the opening experiment was discarded and specialist opener Wasim Jaffer was selected. Despite Yuvraj publicly backing Ganguly to replace him in the team, the selectors dropped Ganguly from the squad entirely, recalling Kaif and selecting ODI batsman Suresh Raina for his first Test series. Upon Yuvraj's return injury, he resumed his position in the middle order, replacing Kaif. Ganguly was again overlooked for the ODI series, as the selectors persisted with the core of the team which had helped defeat Pakistan. They guided India to a comprehensive 5-1 win over England.
West Indies tour.
Despite an injury to Sachin Tendulkar, Ganguly was again overlooked in favour of Kaif and Raina when then Test squad was announced. This effectively left him outside the top eight Test batsmen in the eye of the BCCI, and was not selected in the ODI team as the selectors persisted with the squad which had recorded 17 wins and five losses since Dravid's appointment. As the team returned to India at the end of the season in July, Ganguly had been out of the team in both forms of the game for five months.
South Africa Tour.
Following India's poor batting display in the 2006 ICC Champions Trophy and the ODI series in South Africa, in which they were whitewashed 4-0, Ganguly made his comeback to the Test team. Wasim Jaffer, Zaheer Khan and Anil Kumble had earlier been selected for the one-day squad, despite their recent poor performances. Many saw this as an indictment of coach Greg Chappell's youth-first policy. Coming in at 37/4, Ganguly scored 87 in a tour match against the rest of South Africa, modifying his original batting style and taking a middle-stump guard, resulting in India winning the match. During his first Test innings since his comeback, against South Africa in Johannesburg his score of 51 helped India to victory, marking the first Test match win for the team in South Africa. Though India lost the series, Ganguly accumulated the most runs on the scoring chart. After his successful Test comeback he was recalled for the ODI team, as India played host to West Indies and Sri Lanka in back to back ODI tournaments. In his first ODI innings in almost two years, he scored a matchwinning 98.
Ganguly's ODI comeback.
Following Ganguly's topping the batting charts in the test series in South Africa, he was recalled for the ODI series against West Indies, and the one that followed which was against Sri Lanka. He performed well in both series, averaging almost 70 and won the Man of the Series Award against Sri Lanka.
2007 World Cup and aftermath.
The controversies and tensions surrounding Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and Greg Chappell came to an end after India's poor performance and early elimination from the 2007 Cricket World Cup. Ganguly was selected as part of the team under the captaincy of Rahul Dravid. India was seen as one of the favorites to win the tournament, but senior BCCI officials indicated that India's performance would decide the future of Greg Chappell' stormy tenure with the Indian team, and determine the credibility of his coaching methods. 
India's fortunes were immediately endangered after a stunning defeat to the underdogs Bangladesh in its opening group match. Sourav Ganguly top-scored with 66, but he was criticised for scoring at a slow run rate. Although Indian batsmen amassed more than 400 runs for an easy win over the newcomers Bermuda in their second match, Ganguly scoring 87, the media still severely criticised the team leadership and the players. India faced a must-win situation as it faced-off against Sri Lanka in its final group match. Sri Lanka scored more than 250 runs to set a challenging target for the Indian batting order, which failed dramatically. For all practical purposes, India's World Cup campaign ended with its defeat to Sri Lanka, although it was not formally eliminated until Bangladesh achieved its predicted victory over Bermuda in the final group match.
Facing a barrage of criticism and public anger, and lack of support from the BCCI, Greg Chappell resigned as India's coach. After much deliberation, the BCCI decided to retain Rahul Dravid as India's captain for the summer of 2007, but chose not to appoint a high-profile coach for the time being. Former Indian players Venkatesh Prasad and Robin Singh were appointed as specialist bowling and fielding coaches respectively, and former Indian captain Ravi Shastri was temporarily appointed as coach-cum-manager for India's tour of Bangladesh. Shastri was succeeded as manager by Chandu Borde for India's tour of England. 
Ganguly emerged with prolific figures in both Test and ODI cricket in the year 2007. He scored 1106 Test runs at an average of 61.44 (with three centuries and four fifties) in 2007 to become the second highest run-scorer in Test matches of that year after Jacques Kallis. He was also the fifth highest run-scorer in 2007 in ODIs, where he scored 1240 runs at an average of 44.28. He formally retired in 2008. In 2008, veteran South African batsman Gary Kirsten was appointed head coach of the national team after a less-publicised selection process. Kirsten brought in Paddy Upton as a mental coach, and Prasad and Singh were retained in their specialist roles.
Kirsten coached the Indian side to World cup Glory in 2011 under the captaincy of Mahendra Singh Dhoni. Dhoni acknowledged the role of "quartet", i.e. Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble (all current or ex-players of the Indian team) in shaping the team that won the world cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9890051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890051" title="Heckler &amp; Koch HK45">
Heckler &amp; Koch HK45

The Heckler & Koch HK45 ("Heckler & Koch, .45 ACP") is a semi-automatic pistol designed by the German arms manufacturer Heckler & Koch.
Overview.
The HK45 was designed to meet requirements set forth in the U.S. Military Joint Combat Pistol program which had the purpose of arming the U.S. Military with a .45 ACP semi-automatic pistol instead of the 9mm M9 pistol. The Joint Combat Pistol program was suspended indefinitely in 2006, and the M9 pistol remains the standard issue handgun for the U.S. Military. Even though the Joint Combat Pistol program had ended, HK decided to make the HK45 available on the commercial market as well as to law enforcement and military groups. Heckler & Koch, along with Larry Vickers, an ex-Delta Force operator, and Ken Hackathorn led the development of the HK45 to meet Joint Combat Pistol program requirements which was canceled due to the price of re-arming the entire military.
The HK45 represents an evolutionary advancement of the Heckler & Koch USP, and shares the same operating principles of that weapon. It is available in the same ten variants as the USP. The HK45 is a full size model pistol, but significant effort went towards making it more ergonomic than the HK USP full-size chambered in .45 ACP by incorporating features found on the Heckler & Koch P2000. These include an extended ambidextrous slide release, a textured ergonomic grip with finger grooves, and interchangeable backstraps to fit differently sized hands. The newer grip and backstraps allow the pistol to sit lower into the web of the hand, contributing to greater control of the weapon and recoil management. In order to accommodate the smaller, more ergonomic grip, the HK45 has a magazine capacity of 10 rounds versus 12 rounds for the USP45. The HK45 also added grip serrations on the front end of the slide, a Picatinny rail in front of the trigger guard for mounting accessories, and an O-ring polygonal barrel similar to the USP Expert and Match models and the Mark 23 for more consistent lock-up of the slide and barrel during cycling and increased accuracy.
At least one H&K 45C Tactical was used in Operation Neptune Spear.
The HK45 is also the first weapon to be manufactured at Heckler & Koch's new facility in Newington, New Hampshire.
Variants.
Heckler & Koch also manufactures the HK45 Compact (HK45C), which can use an 8 round, and a 10 round magazine. The HK45C features the same improvements as the full-size HK45, but has a more conventional straight grip similar to Heckler & Koch's P2000. This design still allows the user to customize the grip size via interchangeable backstraps. 
An HK45 Tactical (HK45T) and HK45 Compact Tactical (HK45CT) are also available; these variants include an extended threaded barrel for suppressors, and high profile front and rear sights. Extended threaded barrels compatible with the HK45 and HK45C are also available for purchase from Heckler & Koch USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9890053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890053" title="Has Anybody Seen My Gal?">
Has Anybody Seen My Gal?

Has Anybody Seen My Gal?may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9890060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890060" title="IRA (Polish band)">
IRA (Polish band)

IRA - Polish rock band formed in 1987 in Radom by Jakub Płucisz (guitar), Wojciech Owczarek (drums), Artur Gadowski (vocal, guitar), Dariusz Grudzień (bass) and Grzegorz Wawrzeńczuk (keyboards). They gained a wide popularity in Poland in the early nineties, mainly after releasing the "Mój Dom" album, with the hit title song, which was still during their garage and semi-professional days. They also gained some local popularity amongst the Polish-speaking citizens in the United States, where they lived and worked for few months. After signing a professional contract back in Poland, they released a few albums which didn't prove to be commercially successful (except for the "Mój Dom" follow-up, which was "IRA 1993"), and the band disbanded afterwards. Artur Gadowski started a solo career. He opened for Brian May before his show in Warsaw in September 1998. Artur's solo efforts weren't very successful either, and what success he did gain was largely based on the then legendary status of IRA.
A few years later the band reunited, and exists up to now. Once again, they have not attained much popularity, but are well-known amongst hard rock fans in Poland (though they play mainly pop-oriented hard rock), and their concerts are selling rather well.
Etymology.
The name "IRA" comes from a Latin word "ira", meaning "anger" (this was the band founders' intention), however most people think they used an acronym for Irish Republican Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9890107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890107" title="Puka-Puka Airport">
Puka-Puka Airport

Puka-Puka Airport is an airport on Puka-Puka in French Polynesia . The airport is 3 km northeast of the village of Teonemahina.
Airlines and destinations.
The airport can be accessed by Air Tahiti, though the service is not scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="9890109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890109" title="John Giannini">
John Giannini

Dr. John Giannini (born October 31, 1962) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach of the La Salle University men's basketball team.
Early life.
The son of Italian immigrants, Giannini grew up in Elmwood Park, a suburb of Chicago, and has 3 younger brothers. He attended Fenwick High School in Oak Park, and received a bachelor's degree in psychology from North Central College in Naperville. Giannini also holds a master's degree in physical education with a specialization in sports psychology from North Texas University, as well as a doctorate in kinesiology with a specialization in sports psychology from the University of Illinois.
Coaching career.
University of Illinois.
From 1987 through 1989, Giannini served as a graduate assistant on coach Lou Henson's staff at the University of Illinois. In Giannini's final season on Henson's staff, the Fighting Illini, lead by Kendall Gill, Kenny Battle, Stephen Bardo, Tyler Cottingham, Lowell Hamilton and Marcus Liberty, made the Final Four.
Rowan University.
Giannini's first head coaching job came at Rowan University, a Division III school, when he was hired as the men's coach in 1989. His 1992-93 team, lead by Terrence Stewart, went to the Final Four. Two years later, Giannini's team was the favorite to win the national championship, but again lost in the final four. The following season, Giannini gambled in accepting two Division 1 transfers, a Division 2 transfer and added them to a team centered around Stewart. After a slow start to the season, Rowan caught fire and defeated Hope College to win the 1996 national championship.
University of Maine.
Following Rowan's championship season, Giannini accepted the head coaching position at the University of Maine, a position he held for eight years. His Maine teams made five trips to the America East Conference semi-finals or better, and made appearances in the conference championship game two of Giannini's last three seasons. Giannini's two 20-win seasons are the only two on record in program history, and his .530 winning percentage is the highest in school history.
La Salle University.
On August 23, 2004, Giannini was hired as the eighteenth head coach of the La Salle men's basketball team. He succeeded Billy Hahn, who was forced to resign that July, following a rape scandal. The university had originally sought to hire Penn head coach and La Salle alumnus Fran Dunphy, but settled on Giannini after Dunphy turned the school down. 
The 2005-2006 season, Giannini's second at La Salle, set records for most Atlantic 10 wins in a season (ten), most Atlantic 10 road wins in a single season (four) and was the program's first winning season since the 1992-93 season, when the school competed in the Midwestern Collegiate Conference (now known as the Horizon League). Giannini was named a Jim Phelan Award candidate for National Coach of the Year. However, the 2005-2006 season would be one of only two seasons in which La Salle finished above .500 in Giannini's first seven seasons leading the program. Though Giannini recruited heavily in the Philadelphia area, his teams were plagued by poor chemistry and missed opportunities, and La Salle becme an afterthought in the Big 5.
Postseason breakthroughs.
The 2011-2012 Explorers won 21 games, the program's highest win total since 1992, and received an invitation to the 2012 NIT, the program's first postseason tournament appearance since 1992. La Salle lost its first round game at home to eventual tournament runner-up Minnesota.
The following season, La Salle again won 21 regular season games, including consecutive victories over ninth-ranked Butler at home, and nineteenth-ranked VCU on the road. The Explorers received their first invitation to the NCAA Tournament since 1992, when they received an automatic bid as MAAC conference tournament champions. The Explorers received an at-large bid as a thirteen seed. In the opening round, La Salle defeated fellow thirteen seed Boise State, before defeating fourth-seeded Kansas State in the second round. After defeating twelfth-seeded Old Miss in the third round, La Salle lost to Witchita State in the Sweet Sixteen. La Salle's appearance in the Sweet Sixteen made it only the sixth program seeded thirteenth or lower to advance that far, and its three tournament wins were the program's first since 1990. It was also the program's deepest tournament run since 1955, when the Tom Gola-led Explorer's lost in the national championship game. The team's 24 overall victories were the seventh-most in school history, and its 11 victories in the Atlantic Ten were the most ever. The Explorers also finished ranked 24th in the nation in the final USA Today Coaches Poll of the season.
Personal life.
Giannini and his wife Donna have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9890120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890120" title="Bohol Bantay Balita">
Bohol Bantay Balita

Bohol Bantay Balita Newspaper (BBN) is a Cebuano-language Sunday weekly publication operating in Tagbilaran City, in the Central Visayas island province of Bohol, Philippines.
It is the only Cebuano-language newspaper in the said province.
Bantay Balita started its operations in April, 2005, and has an average circulation of 2,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="9890122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890122" title="Kepong–Selayang Highway">
Kepong–Selayang Highway

Kepong–Selayang Highway (Selangor state route ) is a major highway in Klang Valley region, Selangor, Malaysia. It is also a shortcut route to Rawang from Kepong and Sungai Buloh.

</doc>
<doc id="9890131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890131" title="The Ina Ray Hutton Show">
The Ina Ray Hutton Show

The Ina Ray Hutton Show was a TV show starring prominent female jazz bandleader Ina Ray Hutton and her all-female orchestra. From 1951 to 1955, the show was a regional television show on the Paramount Television Network flagship station KTLA, and had a brief network run on PTN in 1956. 
The show's theme song was "Has Anybody Seen My Gal?" by The California Ramblers.

</doc>
<doc id="9890140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890140" title="Raiatea Airport">
Raiatea Airport

Raiatea Airport (also known as Uturoa Airport) is an airport on Raiatea, French Polynesia . It is in the village of Uturoa. The airport was inaugurated in 1962, but did not see service in 1964. A backfilling was built on the north part of the island, as no appropriate site could be found on the coast.[http://www.tahiti-aeroport.pf/articles.php?cat=8]
In 2006, 225,959 passengers utilized the airport.[http://www.aeroport.fr/les-aeroports-de-l-uaf/stats-raiatea.php]

</doc>
<doc id="9890141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890141" title="List of The New Yorker contributors">
List of The New Yorker contributors

The following is a list of current and past contributors to "The New Yorker", along with the dates they served and their chief areas of interest.

</doc>
<doc id="9890148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890148" title="Group 1 Crew">
Group 1 Crew

Group 1 Crew is a Christian hip hop band signed to Fervent Records and Warner Bros. Records. They made their debut with their hit song "Can't Go On" on WOW Hits 2007. Soon after they released their first EP "I Have a Dream" (2006). The band released their self-titled debut full-length studio album, "Group 1 Crew", in February 2007. Their song "Love is a Beautiful Thing" charted into the Top 20 in May 2007 on R&R magazine's Christian chart. The group's second studio album "Ordinary Dreamers" was released on September 16, 2008. Their popular radio single "Forgive Me" appeared on an episode of "One Tree Hill". In September 2010, they released the album Outta Space Love which has proven to be their most mainstream effort yet, as many of the songs were used in America's Got Talent.
Band members.
Personal life.
On January 21, 2013, Blanca announced that she and her husband were expecting their first child.
Awards and nominations.
GMA Dove Awards.
Group 1 Crew has been nominated to nine Dove Awards in their career, winning five of them so far.

</doc>
<doc id="9890180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890180" title="Stan Judkins">
Stan Judkins

Stan Judkins (4 October 190717 October 1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League between 1928 and 1936. He became the first Richmond player to win the game's most prestigious award, the Brownlow Medal.
Judkins played his junior football as a rover for Greensborough and then moved to Northcote in the VFA for the 1926 season. Invited to Richmond the following year, Judkins was forced to remain in the VFA for one more season due to clearance problems, caused by a dispute between the two competitions. Eventually, he made his way to Punt Road in 1928, and he immediately became a first team regular, aged 20. He arrived at the club at the start of a golden era, and starred in the Tigers' semifinal win over Carlton, but was quiet during the loss to Collingwood in the Grand Final three weeks later.
A diminutive man at 166 cm and 61 kg, Judkins was a typical wing player of his era. At this time, teams generally used small, pacy men with good ground skills in the position. Judkins also earned praise for his handball and evasive ability; he was a hard man to tackle. 
Judkins missed the Tigers' 1929 finals appearance due to injury, but started the next season in blistering form, which eventually petered out. Dropped from the side five weeks before the finals, Judkins languished in the seconds, unaware he was about to make history and change the way the game would decide its best player award. In 1924, the VFL instituted the Charles Brownlow Medal, to honour a recently deceased Geelong player and official. It was decided by the umpires, who gave a single vote to the player they believed to be the best afield. In 1930 the award carried little prestige – the winner was notified by mail and told to come and collect the award from the VFL office. Indeed, the concept of individual awards in a team game was only beginning to gain acceptance.
On the Wednesday after the last game of the 1930 home and away season, the votes were tallied and Judkins was tied in first place with Harry Collier (Collingwood) and Allan Hopkins (Footscray) with a meagre tally of 4 votes. By comparison, the lowest previous tally to win had been 6 votes. Two nights after the counting, the umpires board (which administered the award) recommended that no medal be awarded as there was no provision for a tied result.
However, a week later, Judkins was sitting at home when his father came in to show him a copy of a newspaper that contained an article stating Judkins had won the Brownlow Medal. Judkins was notified by the VFL to come and collect his prize and that was that. Judkins was more excited by the prospect of playing on the Saturday, when he had been recalled to the Richmond side to take on Collingwood in the semifinal. Encouraged by the award, he played a great game, but the Tigers lost a thrilling contest by three points.
It transpired that the VFL administration had overruled the umpires board and created a criterion that the medal should be awarded to the player who played the least number of games. Judkins' banishment to the seconds had won him the award. It has been claimed that a vote simply labelled "Collier" was found, but as there were two Collier brothers playing in the game, the vote wasn't counted. To remedy the situation for the future, the rules were altered to a 3–2–1 system in 1931. The countback rule was created, providing for two players with equal votes to be separated and this system (apart from 1976–77) endured until 1981, when the countback was abolished. Finally, in 1989, retrospective medals were given out to all players who lost the award on a countback, including Hopkins and Collier.
Today, Judkins remains the only Brownlow Medallist to have been dropped during the year he won the award. In addition, he is the shortest and lightest player to have won the medal, and, with the size of modern players, looks likely to remain forever so. Although a regular in a champion team, Judkins didn't garner any other major individual awards during his career. 
From 1930 to 1935, Judkins formed one of the great centrelines in the game, teaming with centreman Eric Zschech and fellow wingman Alan Geddes. Richmond relied heavily on stability and reliability to achieve success, and being able to select the same centreline every week helped tremendously. The trio played in four consecutive Grand Finals together, winning premierships in 1932 and 1934. Judkins averaged 14 possessions in the four Grand Finals. His outstanding finals effort in this period came in the 1934 semifinal against Geelong. Judkins played a single game for Victoria and totalled 10 finals for the club. He continued to catch the eye of the umpires, polling well in the 1931 and 1932 Brownlow counts when he finished equal fifth both times. 
At the end of 1936, when the Tigers missed the finals for the first time during his career, Judkins left VFL football at the age of 29. He had a brief stint in the country leagues of Victoria as a playing coach, notably leading the strong Albury club to the premiership in 1937. Then, he enlisted in the Second AIF and saw action in Borneo. After the war, he was central in establishing the VFL's thirds (Under 19) competition. Strangely, Judkins was not given life membership at Richmond until 1962. Richmond's three other Brownlow winners were given this honour before they finished playing. He later coached Brighton Amateurs and was involved with junior clubs in the Sandringham area. His son Noel played in the Under 19s for Richmond, became an administrator with the Tigers and was later headhunted by Kevin Sheedy to oversee recruiting at Essendon. During a long career, Noel Judkins gained a reputation as one of the best talent-spotters of the modern era. 
Stan Judkins died in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="9890186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890186" title="Myer Centre, Adelaide">
Myer Centre, Adelaide

The Myer Centre is a five level shopping centre in the heart of the Adelaide CBD situated along the Rundle Mall. The centre is the home of the largest Myer Department Store in South Australia, food court and 110 specialty shops with a predominant apparel and jewellery store selection. Other major stores include Rebel Sport, Lincraft, Chemist Warehouse, Rivers, Temt, Toyworld and Priceline. Above the centre is a 6 level office tower called Terrace Towers which houses numerous federal & state government departments. The Myer Centre, originally constructed in 1991, underwent a major upgrade and rebrand in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9890196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890196" title="Has Anybody Seen My Gal? (film)">
Has Anybody Seen My Gal? (film)

Has Anybody Seen My Gal? 1952 film comedy film directed by Douglas Sirk, and starring Piper Laurie, Rock Hudson, Charles Coburn, and Gigi Perreau. Set in the 1920s, the film is named after The California Ramblers jazz tune "Has Anybody Seen My Gal?".
Plot.
The year is 1928. Samuel Fulton is an old and lonely New York millionaire who has decided to leave his fortune to the family of the late Millicent Blaisdell. Millicent is the only woman he has ever been in love with and they shortly dated, until she dumped him because she did not return his love. Samuel explains to his lawyer Edward Norton that losing the love of his life was what inspired him to build up a career as a wealthy businessman, eventually becoming the richest man in the world. Fearing the family will spend the money the wrong way, he decides to visit them in a small Vermont town, faking a newspaper advertisement to board a room under the alias John Smith.
The family is initially reluctant to take in Samuel, but Roberta, the youngest daughter, wastes no time and makes him feel as welcome as possible. He notices that the Blaisdells are a happy family who, although poor, are proud of their background. Father Charles has taught the family not to put a value on materialistic products. Nevertheless, mother Harriet wishes for her daughter Millicent to marry Carl Pennock, a wealthy but snobbish young man who could buy Millicent everything that Harriet never had. Millicent, however, is not keen on Carl and prefers to marry Dan Stebbins, a charming but poor soda jerk. While staying at the Blaisdells, 'John' is given a job at Dan's store.
One night, Millie and Dan announce their engagement, which upsets Harriet. Shortly after, Norton arrives, announcing the family has inherited $100,000 from an unknown man. When realizing Norton is not joking, the family – especially Harriet – immediately gives up their humble life for the upper-class life style. Charles is not enthusiastic of his wife's sudden craze of materialism, but allows her to buy whatever she wants. The oldest son Howard immediately starts gambling a large amount of money and lands a debt, which prompts Samuel to help him. Meanwhile, Dan, feeling he could never live up to Millie's expectations, breaks off their engagement. Afterwards, Millie reluctantly starts dating Carl again, much under the pressure of her mother.
Samuel helps both Millie and Howard escape from a raid, which results in his being jailed. Soon, Harriet feels that Samuel's presence is ruining the family image, unaware of the reason why he ended up in jail. In this period, he is supported only by Dan, who admits his intentions of leaving town to build a career. Trying to prevent Millie and Dan from disappearing out of each other's life, he sets up a meeting at the cinema. There, an argument follows, and Millie exclaims her hatred for the family's sudden wealth, complaining that it is the cause of all bad things happening to her. She is comforted by Samuel, and thereby attracts the attention of other theatre-goers, who suspect that Sam and Millie are in a scandalous affair.
During a social party, there is gossip of the so-called affair, which prompts Harriet to force Millie to announce her engagement to Carl. Meanwhile, Charles announces he has lost his investments, which makes Samuel realize that the Blaisdells are in no position of making wise financial decisions. Obligated by Samuel, Norton refuses a loan, after which Charles begs the Pennocks for money. Carl then realizes that Millie is not from a wealthy family and leaves her. Much to Harriet's distress, the Blaisdell family returns to their old lifestyle. At the end, Roberta reveals that 'John' has won the first prize at an art show, having secretly entered his paintings. Samuel immediately leaves the house to avoid the press, and realizes that the Blaisdells now think of him as the grandfather he could have been.
Production.
Working titles of the film are "Oh Money, Money" and "Has Anybody Seen My Girl".
James Dean has an uncredited role as a young man in one of the soda fountain scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="9890202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890202" title="Kenyapotamus">
Kenyapotamus

Kenyapotamus is a possible ancestor of living hippopotamids that lived in Africa roughly 16 million to 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch. Its name reflects that its fossils were first found in modern-day Kenya.
Although little is known about "Kenyapotamus", its dental pattern bore similarities to that of the genus "Xenohyus", a European tayassuid from the Early Miocene. This led some scientists to conclude that hippopotami were most closely related to modern peccaries and pigs.
Recent molecular research has suggested that hippopotamids are more closely related to cetaceans than to other artiodactyls. A morphological analysis of fossil artiodactyls and whales, which also included "Kenyapotamus", strongly supported a relationship between hippopotamids and the anatomically similar family Anthracotheriidae. Two archaic whales ("Pakicetus" and "Artiocetus") formed the sister group of the hippopotamid-anthracotheriid clade, but this relationship was weakly supported.

</doc>
<doc id="9890212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890212" title="Strike It Rich (radio-TV)">
Strike It Rich (radio-TV)

Strike It Rich was a controversial game show that aired on American radio and television from 1947 to 1958 on CBS and NBC. People in need of money (such as for medical treatment or a destitute family) appeared and told their tale of woe, then tried to win money by answering four relatively easy questions. Each player would be given $30 and bet any of their bankroll on answering each question after being given the category. If the contestant didn't win any money, the emcee opened the "Heart Line", which was a phone line to viewers who wished to donate to the contestant's family.
Sponsored by Luden's Cough Drops, the radio series aired on CBS from June 29, 1947 to April 30, 1950. Todd Russell was the host from 1947-1948, followed by Warren Hull. On May 1, 1950 the show moved to NBC where it aired on weekdays, sponsored by Colgate, until December 27, 1957.
The television series premiered May 7, 1951 on CBS' daytime lineup and ran until January 3, 1958. Its popularity caused CBS to air a prime time version from July 4, 1951 to January 12, 1955.
Two attempts to revive the series were made in 1973 and 1978, although neither was successful. Another quiz show in 1986 used the same name but was otherwise unrelated.
Controversy.
While a simple format, the show was controversial during the 11 years it aired. While some applauded "Strike It Rich" for helping out some less-fortunate people (as well as showcasing the sincere charity and good-will of viewers who donated through the Heart Line), others found it a sickening spectacle that exploited the less-fortunate contestants for the vicarious thrills of the viewers and the selfish gain of the sponsors. 
Part of the criticism was it promised more than it could deliver. Though the show received between 3,000 and 5,000 letters per week from needy people wishing to win what would be (to them) life-changing sums of money, only a small fraction of those could be selected; although this was partly due to the limits of television production (that the series, although ambitious in its goals, could not reasonably assist every person needing help at the same time), critics stated that the show picked mostly those thought to have the most interesting tales of woe.
Complaints.
Despite warning by the show's producers, a number of people hoping to be contestants exhausted their money to travel to New York, only to be rejected and end up relying on charities such as the Salvation Army to help them return home. This led to complaints from charities and local government agencies similar to those that were leveled formerly at "Major Bowes' Original Amateur Hour":
Networks' response.
CBS and NBC remained unconcerned over the controversy, going on record as stating "We don't want to do anything that would antagonize the sponsor." Statements such as this allowed companies such as Geritol and Revlon to literally control every last aspect of what happened during the shows they sponsored; the most notable "controlled" shows were "Twenty One", "The $64,000 Question", and "Dotto" – all of which were destroyed by the quiz show scandals.
"Strike It Rich" ended on January 3, 1958 – long before the scandals became known to the general public – and as such it never came under that sort of official scrutiny.
Merchandise.
A Board Game of "Strike it Rich" featuring host Warren Hull on the cover was released by Lowell Toy Mgf. in 1956.
Episode status.
The series was destroyed, partly due to network standards of the era and partly due to its controversial nature. Four episodes are held at the UCLA Film and Television Archive, and a few are held by the Paley Center for Media. The J. Fred & Leslie W. MacDonald Collection of the Library of Congress has one kinescoped program from November 28, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="9890222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890222" title="Stockholm Open">
Stockholm Open

The If Stockholm Open is a tennis event on the ATP Tour held in Stockholm, Sweden in the end of October or beginning of November each year. The tournament is owned by The Royal Lawn Tennis Club of Stockholm 40%, SALK (Stockholm Public Lawn Tennis Club) 40% and Tennis Stockholm 20%.
The first Stockholm Open was held in 1969 and it has been played each year ever since. The tournament is played on indoor carpet court and features both men's singles and doubles tournament. In 1975, 1979, and 1980, a short-lived women's competition was held, which was played on carpet.
History.
In March 1969 the World Championship Tennis organization made a request to former tennis player Sven Davidson to organize a tournament in Sweden. This led to the inaugural edition of the Stockholm Open in November 1969 in Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm. It has been held there ever since except for the years 1989 to 1994 when it was held in the Ericsson Globe Arena. 
Between 1970 and 1989 it was a major ranking tournament of the Grand Prix Tennis Tour as part of the Grand Prix Championship Series (except from 1981 to 1983, when it was briefly downgraded). 
From 1990 until 1994 it was an ATP Championship Series Single Week event. Since 1995, the tournament has been downgraded from Super 9 status offering $1.72 million in prize money to ATP World Tour 250 series level with €600,000 prize money.

</doc>
<doc id="9890223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890223" title="Jackson-Vicksburg-Brookhaven, MS Combined Statistical Area">
Jackson-Vicksburg-Brookhaven, MS Combined Statistical Area

The Jackson-Vicksburg-Brookhaven, MS Combined Statistical Area is made up of eight counties in central Mississippi. The statistical area consists of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area, the Brookhaven, MS Micropolitan Statistical Area, the Vicksburg micropolitan area, and the Yazoo City Micropolitan Statistical Area. The Jackson-Vicksburg-Brookhaven combined statistical area had a population of 650,764 according to the 2010 census. 
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 525,346 people, 189,734 households, and 134,348 families residing within the CSA. The racial makeup of the CSA was 52.57% White, 45.75% African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.65% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.28% from other races, and 0.59% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.17% of the population.
The median income for a household in the CSA was $34,234, and the median income for a family was $40,613. Males had a median income of $32,167 versus $23,316 for females. The per capita income for the CSA was $16,580.

</doc>
<doc id="9890230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890230" title="Rangiroa Airport">
Rangiroa Airport

Rangiroa Airport is an airport on the island of Rangiroa, French Polynesia . The airport is located on the northwestern edge of the atoll, 5.5 km southeast of Avatoru. The airport was built in 1965. Air Tahiti has regular daily flights connecting Rangiroa to other atolls of the French Polynesia. In 2009, 84,710 passengers utilized the airport.
Airlines and destinations.
Service on demand can be provided by Air Moorea and Air Archipels.

</doc>
<doc id="9890237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890237" title="Denham's bustard">
Denham's bustard

Denham's Bustard, Stanley Bustard or Stanley's Bustard, "Neotis denhami", is a large bird in the bustard family. It breeds in much of sub-Saharan Africa. It is a species of open ground, including agricultural land, grassland, flood-plains and burnt fynbos. It is resident, but some inland populations move to lower altitudes in winter. The common names for this species refer to the English explorer, Major Dixon Denham, and the English naturalist Edward Smith-Stanley, 13th Earl of Derby.
Description.
Denham's Bustard is the largest species in the "Neotis" genus, although is smaller than the bustards in the "Ardeotis" genus (as well as the Great Bustard). The male is and , the female is much smaller at and . The back is brown, darker and plainer in the male, and the underparts are white. The neck is pale grey with an orange nape. Its grey crown is bordered with black, and a black line runs through the eye with a white line forming an eyebrow above. The long legs are pale yellow. The wings are strikingly patterned in brown, white and black, the male showing more white in flight than the female or young birds. The long legs are yellowish in color and the bill is whitish horn in color.
The male inflates his throat when displaying to show a conspicuous balloon of white feathers. This species is usually silent.
Distribution and habitat.
There are three subspecies of this bustard, all separated in their distribution. "N. d. denhami" occurs in southwestern Mauritania, Senegal and Gambia then eastwards to Uganda and Ethiopia. "N. d. jacksoni" is found in Kenya and Tanzania and south to Zambia, Botswana and Zimbabwe, with populations also in Angola, and the Democratic Republic of Congo. "N. d. stanleyi" occurs in South Africa and Swaziland. The Denham's Bustard occupies grassland habitats. Mainly they are distributed in savanna and may be found at any elevation up to . They can be found in a considerable range of secondary habitats including dense shrubland, light woodland, farmland, dried marsh and arid plains.
Behavior.
Denham's Bustard are often solitary outside of the mating season, although they congregate at large food sources and temporarily band together for migratory movements. Migration is usually in search of food sources and follows passages of rain. This species is omnivorous, feeding on a wide variety of foods as it becomes available to them. Among the diverse foods recorded in the species are insects, small snakes, rodents, the nestlings of other birds and various green plant life. They will sometimes follow ungulate species in order to pick dung beetles out of their droppings.
Like all bustards, the male Denham's Bustard performs a courtship display to attract the attention on females, on what is called a lek. During his display, the male puffs up his head and chest and flairs his tail, thus appearing larger, and calls loudly while he struts about. Breeding occurs over varied times of the year, being especially indefined in East Africa. Breeding may brought on by presence of rainfall. The nest consists of a shallow scrape, in which the female lays one or two eggs, which (if they survive) she will raise alone.
Status.
It has suffered population declines through much, if not all, of its range. Countries including South Africa, Kenya and Nigeria have had a sharp decrease in population. Hunting is the primary cause of declines across the Sahel and West Africa, but in eastern and southern Africa, conversion of grassland to agriculture is a greater threat. In some areas, the conversion of grassland into commercially logged forest has been threat for the species.

</doc>
<doc id="9890262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890262" title="The Homesteader">
The Homesteader

The Homesteader (1919) is a lost black-and-white silent film by African American author and filmmaker Oscar Micheaux.
Production.
The film was produced, co-directed and written for the screen by Micheaux, based on his book of the same name. It is believed to be the first feature-length film made with a black cast and crew, for a black audience, and thus the first example of a race movie. Most of the filming, if not all, took place in Winner, South Dakota. Micheaux, using his considerable skills as a businessman and salesman, sold stock in his corporation to the white farmers around Sioux City, Iowa at prices ranging from $75 to $100 per share. 
Eventually enough capital was secured to produce the eight-reel film starring Charles Lucas as the male lead, and Evelyn Preer and Iris Hall, two well-known dramatic actresses who at the time were associated with the Lafayette Players Stock Company.
Plot summary.
"The Homesteader" involves six principal characters, the leading one being Jean Baptiste (Charles Lucas), a homesteader far off in the Dakotas, living where he alone is black. To this wilderness arrives Jack Stewart, a Scotsman, with his motherless daughter, Agnes (Iris Hall). In Agnes, Baptiste meets the girl of his dreams. Agnes, however, does not know that she is not white. Peculiar fate threw her in the company of the Homesteader, but their love is forbidden by the custom of the country. Baptiste eventually sacrifices the love of this girl of his dreams, goes back to his own people and marries the daughter of a preacher.
McCarthy, the embodiment of vanity, deceit and hypocrisy, really admires the marriage his daughter has made. He speaks of the "rich" young man she has married, praises him to the highest. Baptiste does not know, however, that McCarthy requires and is in the habit of having people praise him. Baptiste does not do it because he is not of the temperament to do so. Because of this failure grows the tragedy of mismarriage to Orlean (Evelyn Preer), a sweet girl, kind and good, but like her mother, without the strength of her convictions.
Baptiste, Orlean having failed him, is persecuted by McCarthy and by Ethel (McCarthy's other daughter), who, like her father, possesses all the evil a woman is capable of; she is married to weak-kneed Glavis. In the end, Orlean, driven insane by the evil she had been the innocent cause of, rights a wrong which causes Baptiste to go back to his land in the Dakotas, where he finds the girl he first discovered. Later, he learns the truth about her race and the story has a beautiful ending.

</doc>
<doc id="9890270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890270" title="Ruth Allen (singer)">
Ruth Allen (singer)

Ruth Allen is a London born cabaret artist and singer. She initially performed under the stage name Ronnie Graham, in venues such as the chic Astor Club in Berkeley Square, where, as top of the bill, she performed for an unprecedented year-long residency. Her continuing success took her to Paris, where she performed at the famous jazz venue the Mars Club and met the legendary Billie Holiday. 
Brief Career.
During her year at the Astor she married an American aviator and returned with him to the United States. Whilst living at Otis Air National Guard Base on Cape Cod, Ruth heard that Duke Ellington was to appear at the base with his big band. She met with him and he invited her to go to New York with a view to getting a record deal. Ruth's husband drove her to Columbia Records studios in New York where she cut a dozen 'audition' tracks. She was also offered to start a tour across the States to promote her records, but refused due to her family responsibilities. 
After an extended period back in London, performing in the prestigious American Bar at the Savoy Hotel, Ruth has returned to the States and is living just outside New York City. Her songs and her singing style are unmistakably American. Since returning to the States, Ruth has appeared at Carnegie Hall for Michael Feinstein, as well as the Mabel Mercer Foundation Cabaret Convention.
Ruth recorded three albums: "The Ruth Allen Songbook", "Head To Head" and "January Butterfly".

</doc>
<doc id="9890276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890276" title="History of Dutch orthography">
History of Dutch orthography

The history of Dutch orthography covers the changes in spelling of Dutch both in the Netherlands itself and in the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders in Belgium.
Dutch spelling in the Middle Ages.
The Dutch spoken between 1150 and 1500 is referred to as Middle Dutch. During this period there was no standardization of grammar. Authors generally wrote in their own dialects. Very often it is possible to tell from the language whether a text comes from Limburg, Brabant, or Holland. There was a lot of variation in the spelling. Words were often written as they were pronounced: "lant" (land), "hi vint" (he finds). The sound determined the spelling, irrespective of the basic word. This is no longer the case with modern Dutch, where "land" is still pronounced but spelt to conform with the plural "landen", and "hij vindt" (he finds) (still [vint) has both "d" of the infinitive ("vinden") and the 3rd person singular ending "t". 
From the very start of its written history, Dutch used the Latin alphabet. At first there were 23 letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, v, x, y, z. It was not until later that the j, u, and w were added. 
A problem with the Latin alphabet was that it was not easy to make a distinction between long and short vowels ("a" / "aa"). Various solutions were found. At the beginning of the 13th century the word "jaar" (year) was spelt "jar" but other variants soon appeared: "jaer" and "jair" and later "jaar" or even "yaer" and "iaer". 
Another feature of Middle Dutch is that articles or prepositions were often joined onto the word they belonged to: "tjaer" (the year) and "dlant" (the land), as in the accompanying fragment from "Karel ende Elegast". The text translates: “I will tell you a marvelous story, and a true one. Listen! One evening Charles was sleeping in Ingelheim on the Rhine. All the land you could see was his.”
There were also regional differences. Thus a clerk in Amsterdam in the 14th century would usually write "lant", but one in Utrecht would write "land".
The invention of printing led to a more standardized approach.
The Siegenbeek spelling (1804, the Netherlands).
With the spirit of the French Revolution pervading all areas of thought, attempts were made to unify Dutch spelling and grammar. Matthijs Siegenbeek, professor at Leiden was officially asked in 1801 to draw up a uniform spelling; the priest Petrus Weiland was asked to write a grammar book. A few years later Siegenbeek published his spelling in "Verhandeling over de Nederduitsche spelling ter bevordering van de eenparigheid in dezelve" (Treatise on Lower Dutch spelling to promote uniformity herein) (1804) and a "Woordenboek voor de Nederduitsche spelling" (Dictionary for the Dutch Spelling) (1805). The government of the Batavian Republic officially introduced Siegenbeek's spelling on 18 December 1804.
Siegenbeek thought that the spelling should reflect refined Dutch pronunciation, taking into account the uniformity, etymology, and analogy. From the Siegenbeek spelling reforms, we get the modern Dutch "ij" (called "lange ij" ("long y") as distinct from the usually identically pronounced "ei," called "korte ei" (short "ei")). The word for iron "ijzer" used to be written "yzer". Other spellings from Siegenbeek include: "berigt" (modern Dutch: "bericht" / report), "blaauw" ("blauw" / blue), "Dingsdag" ("dinsdag" / Tuesday), "gooijen" ("gooien" / to throw), "magt" ("macht" / power), "kagchel" ("kachel" / stove), "koningrijk" ("koninkrijk" /kingdom), "muzijk" ("muziek" / music) and "zamen" ("samen" / together).
Siegenbeek's spelling never achieved real popularity. In particular the poet Willem Bilderdijk fought against it, largely out of personal spite. He produced some of his own spellings which were popular in the 1830s and 1840s including the modern "kachel" (stove), "plicht" (instead of "pligt" /duty) and "gooien" (to throw). However, other spellings of his did not last: "andwoord" ("antwoord" / answer), "hair" ("haar" /hair/her), "ontfangen" ("ontvangen" / to receive), "thands" ("thans" / at present) and "wareld" ("wereld" / world).
The Willems spelling (1844, Belgium).
In the Dutch-speaking areas in the south of the Netherlands, the Siegenbeek spelling was always unpopular. After Belgium declared independence in 1830, the spelling was denounced as “Hollandish” and “Protestant”. The spelling situation was quite chaotic with much discussion about whether to use "a" or "ae", "oo" or "oó", "ee" or "eé", "ei" or "ey", "ui" or "uy", "ambt" or "ampt", "u" or "ue", and about the spelling of verbs.
In 1836, the Belgian government offered a reward for a proposal for a new spelling. In the end, the jury, headed by Jan Frans Willems, produced their own suggestion in 1839 which remained quite close to the Siegenbeek spelling in use in the Netherlands. They retained their own spelling of a few words such as "kaes" (cheese), "ryden" (to ride) and "vuerig" (fiery). The Willems spelling was given royal approval on January 9, 1844.
The De Vries and Te Winkel spelling (1864, Belgium; 1883, The Netherlands).
The spelling used today both in the Netherlands and in Flanders (Dutch-speaking Belgium) is based on an orthography originally intended only for use in a dictionary. An ambitious project was proposed in 1851 at the Taal- en Letterkundig Congres (Linguistic and Literary Congress) in Brussels at which both the Netherlands and Flanders were represented. The project aimed to produce a large dictionary: Woordenboek der Nederlandsche Taal (WNT) (Dictionary of the Dutch Language), incorporating vocabulary of the past centuries.
There was a problem with this project: which spelling was to be used for the dictionary? There were three spelling systems in use at the time: the Willems spelling in Belgium, the Siegenbeek spelling in the Netherlands, and several variants of Bilderdijk’s system. It would have been unacceptable to have used a mixture of these systems. In addition, the Siegenbeek system did not address certain issues such as when compounds were to be written as one word or the interpolation of letters in between. It was proposed to create a special dictionary spelling.
This spelling was established by the linguists Matthias de Vries and L.A. te Winkel. In 1863 Te Winkel published the results in "De grondbeginselen der Nederlandsche spelling. Ontwerp der spelling voor het aanstaande Nederlandsch Woordenboek" (The foundations of Dutch spelling. Project for the spelling of the forthcoming Dutch Dictionary). The spelling of De Vries and Te Winkel combined elements of the three current systems, providing a much needed solution to the chaos. By 21 November, the decision was accepted by a royal decree in Belgium. In 1866 De Vries and Te Winkel produced "Woordenlijst voor de spelling der Nederlandsche taal" (Vocabulary for the spelling of the Dutch language), which can be seen as a precursor of today’s Groene Boekje (Green Booklet).
The Netherlands were slower in accepting the De Vries and Te Winkel spelling. Schools continued to use the Siegenbeek spelling until 1870, and in government circles it was not until 1883 that the new spelling started to be used. The De Vries and Te Winkel spelling eventually led to a large degree of uniformity of spelling in the Netherlands and Belgium.
The Marchant spelling (1934, The Netherlands).
Teachers and linguists continued to object to certain features of the spelling. It was thought that too great an emphasis was being given to etymology. Why differentiate "to read", "lezen" (single "e" in open syllable for and "called", "heeten" (double "e" in open syllable for the same [eː)? There were etymological reasons for this, but it was hard to teach as it did not reflect pronunciation. R.A. Kollewijn produced an article in 1891 "Onze lastige spelling. Een voorstel tot vereenvoudiging" (Our awkward spelling: a proposal for simplification). He emphasized the need for spelling to relate to pronunciation, therefore "mensch" (person/human) and "Nederlandsch" ought to become "mens" and "Nederlands", "Russisch" (Russian) he thought should be spelt "Russies" and "moeilijk" (difficult) "moeilik". "Heeten" would be written "heten", but "lezen" would stay the same.
In 1916, a Dutch commission looked into the possibility of a compromise between De Vries and Te Winkel and the Kollewijn spelling. This gradually led to adaptations: on 1 September 1934, the minister for Education, Marchant, accepted most of Kollewijn’s proposals. The Netherlands and Belgium were starting to diverge once again.
The Marchant spelling included: 
The endings '-isch' (as in "logisch" (logical)) and '-lijk' ("mogelijk" (possible)) remained unchanged. Kollewijns proposals '-ies' and '-lik' remain popular in some circles as a "progressive" spelling to the present day.
The spelling reform of 1946 (Flanders) and 1947 (The Netherlands).
During World War II the governments of the Netherlands and Flanders decided to look for a way to restore the unification of spelling based on De Vries and Te Winkel. This led to the introduction of a simplification of the Marchant spelling being introduced in Flanders in 1946 and in the Netherlands the following year. A Flemish-Dutch committee compiled a vocabulary which was published in 1954 in a green volume entitled “Woordenlijst van de Nederlandse taal” (Vocabulary of the Dutch language), which became known as “het Groene Boekje” (the Green Booklet).
The spelling reform of 1996 (The Netherlands and Flanders).
There was still dissatisfaction after 1954. Uncertainty arose about many words which had alternative spellings: one version was the preferred spelling (e.g. "actie" (action)), the other was the "permissible" or "progressive" spelling (e.g. "aktie"). The Dutch generally used the former, the Belgians the latter. Another problem was the speed at which Dutch was developing new vocabulary for which the 1954 dictionary was of no help for spelling definition.
In 1994, after much discussion, the Committee of Ministers of the Nederlandse Taalunie which had been founded in 1980 issued a new spelling decree. In the new Groene Boekje which they published the alternative “progressive” spellings were abolished (it was now "actie") and there were new rules about the "n" linking the compounds of words ("pannekoek" (pancake) became "pannenkoek" and "bessesap" (currant juice) became "bessensap"). This came into force in 1996.
The spelling reform of 2006 (The Netherlands and Flanders).
In 1994 it was agreed that the vocabulary of "het Groene Boekje" should be revised every ten years without changing the actual rules of spelling. On 15 October 2005 the first of these revisions appeared. Only one rule concerning exceptions was made (the so-called Dandelion Rule): "paardebloem" (dandelion) and "vliegezwam" (fly agaric) became "paardenbloem" and "vliegenzwam" for consistency with other similar compounds, e.g. "paardenstaart" (horse-tail) and "vliegenmepper" (fly swatter). (Note that these 'n's are not normally pronounced.)
Apart from this there were a few individual changes. Here are some of the most important ones:
Although government and educational establishments are required to conform, some newspapers and other publications in the Netherlands are refusing to use the new spelling and have released "Het Witte Boekje" (The White Booklet) as an alternative to the latest edition of "Het Groene Boekje". This "white spelling" allows more than one spelling in several cases, e.g. presence or absence of linking "n"s, hyphens and capitalisation. It has, in return, been accused of being even more inconsistent than "Het Groene Boekje". In Flanders, the white spelling is not used by any large media.

</doc>
<doc id="9890281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890281" title="Great New Orleans Fire (1794)">
Great New Orleans Fire (1794)

The Great New Orleans Fire (1794)
was a fire that destroyed 212 structures in New Orleans, Louisiana on December 8, 1794, in the area now known as the French Quarter from Burgundy to Chartres Street, almost to the riverfront buildings.
Another 856 buildings had been destroyed 6 years earlier, in the Great New Orleans Fire (1788) on March 21, 1788.
History.
The fire started on December 8, 1794.
The fire area stretched across 212 buildings, including the royal jail. It spared the Mississippi River front buildings. Among the buildings spared were the Customs House, the tobacco warehouses, the Governor's Building, the Royal Hospital and the Ursulines Convent. Despite widespread fire damage, the St. Louis Cathedral was not destroyed but was dedicated just 2 weeks later, on December 23, 1794.
Afterward, the schooner "Nuestra Señora del Cármen" was used as a temporary jail during the period December 10, 1794 to February 26, 1795. The ship's owner, Don Prospero Ferrayolo, received rental payments for use of the ship, replacing the royal jail destroyed during the fire.
The Spanish were to replace the wooden buildings with structures with courtyards, thick brick walls, arcades, and wrought iron balconies. Among the new buildings were the signature New Orleans buildings of St. Louis Cathedral (1794), the Cabildo (1799), and the Presbytere (1797), all designed by Gilberto Guillemard.
In 1795, Don Andrés Almonester y Roxas had agreed to pay for construction of the building now known as the Cabildo. It replaced an earlier structure that had been destroyed by the fire. Almonester had already commissioned Gilberto Guillemard to design the new cathedral and Presbytere.
Just 6 years earlier, on March 21, 1788, another 856 buildings had been destroyed in the Great New Orleans Fire (1788). Still a colony of Spain, rebuilding after both fires continued in Spanish style, and most French architecture was eliminated from the French Quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="9890295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890295" title="Margaret Blair Young">
Margaret Blair Young

Margaret Blair Young (born 1955) is an American author, filmmaker and writing instructor affiliated with Brigham Young University.
Biography.
Young is married to English professor Bruce Young. They are the parents of four children, including the writer Robbie Blair. 
Her most recent works are a fictional trilogy of historical fiction about Black Mormon pioneers titled "Standing on the Promises", co-authored with Darius Gray. She scripted and helped direct a 2005 television documentary based on the life of Jane Elizabeth Manning James, "Jane Manning James: Your Sister in the Gospel." The 20 minute documentary has been shown at This Is The Place Heritage Park in Salt Lake City, Utah, the 2005 annual conference of the Foundation for Apologetic Information & Research (FAIR), and on public television (PBS). Documentary filmmaker Scott Freebairn produced and directed the film. More recently, Young served as the project director for the Utah chapter of the Afro-American Historical and Genealogical Society's film "The Wisdom of our Years". In 2008, Young and Gray completed a long documentary titled "Nobody Knows: The Untold Story of Black Mormons", which has been shown on PBS stations,in film festivals, and on the Documentary Channel. Her award-winning play, "I Am Jane", also about Black Mormon pioneer Jane Manning James, has been produced throughout the country. Young has also authored encyclopedia articles on Blacks in the western United States, and is the president of the Association for Mormon Letters.
Young received a bachelors degree in 1979 and a masters degree in 1988 from Brigham Young University.

</doc>
<doc id="9890303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890303" title="Eleventh Hour (Fred Frith album)">
Eleventh Hour (Fred Frith album)

Eleventh Hour is a double album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It comprises five long pieces composed by Frith between 1990 and 2001, and was performed by the Arditti Quartet (strings) with Uwe Dierksen (trombone), William Winant (electric guitars) and Frith (electric guitars), in Germany and the United States in 2003 and 2004. Frith only plays on the second CD of this album.
A review in "All About Jazz" said this of the album: ""Eleventh Hour" documents Frith’s continued growth as a composer in the new music arena, and for all its juxtaposition of light and dark, it remains totally compelling and strangely beautiful." Another review at "All About Jazz" said that "Frith continues to beguile and surprise".
Description.
With the exception of "Stick Figures", the Arditti Quartet, under the direction of Frith, performed on all the pieces, and were recorded at Il Bagno in Steinfurt, Germany in June 2003.
"Lelekovice", for a string quartet, also called "String Quartet #1", was written in 1990 for Iva Bittová, Lelekovice being the name of the village near Brno in the Czech Republic where Bittová lives. It was first performed in July 1991 by the Edison Quartet at the Nieuwe Musiek Festival, in Middelburg, the Netherlands, and was used by the United States choreographer Amanda Miller in her dance piece, "My Father's Vertigo" in 1991. A recording was made in December 1992 by the Violet Wires String Quartet in London, which was released on Frith's 1994 album, "Quartets". The recording on this album was made by the Arditti Quartet in 2003.
"Tense Serenity", for a string trio and trombone, was written in 1997 and was performed here by the Arditti Quartet as a trio (without Graeme Jennings on violin) and Uwe Dierksen on trombone.
"Allegory" and "Fell", both for string quartet and electric guitar, were composed in 2001, and were performed here by the Arditti Quartet in June 2003 in Germany. Frith's electric guitar was recorded later in March 2004 in Germany and added to the mix.
"Stick Figures", for six guitars and two players, was composed in 1990 and performed by Frith and William Winant in the United States in May 2004. They multi-tracked prepared electric guitars to create layers of guitar sounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9890326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890326" title="Rimatara Airport">
Rimatara Airport

Rimatara Airport is an airport on Rimatara in French Polynesia .

</doc>
<doc id="9890334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890334" title="Hunter Street, Newcastle">
Hunter Street, Newcastle

Hunter Street is a major road in the central business district, in New South Wales. The street, formerly three separate thoroughfares, extends from Pacific Street in the city's east, to Selma Street in and since 2008 has been the focus of community-led creative enterprises and projects. Established as the city's main street for commercial and retail activity, Hunter Street entered a period of severe decline after World War II. Since 2008, the eastern end of Hunter Street has emerged as a precinct for niche retail and the night-time economy. In June 2012 it was announced that the pedestrian mall between Perkins and Newcomen Streets will be redeveloped by the public and private sectors to stimulate the city's ongoing revitalisation.
History.
Hunter Street runs in the vicinity of an early nineteenth-century track known as Wellington Street that extended from Watt Street (formerly George Street) in the east to Perkins Street in the west. The strip was renamed Hunter Street by Henry Dangar in 1823 and by the mid nineteenth-century commercial and residential properties had been built on most addresses east of Perkins Street. Recalling the town in 1866, Mr. Thomas Brown described Hunter Street as "unpaved, grass grown and deserted". West of Perkins Street, the Australian Agricultural Company owned a separate track that ran to what is today Bank Corner. From here, in the vicinity of the existing Bellevue Street, another track called Charlton Street continued west to Dairy Farmer's Corner (Tudor Street) and out to the Islington Bridge. By century's end, Blane and Charlton Streets had been renamed Hunter Street West and today these three streets are considered to be one.
By 1900, Hunter Street stretched from its original eastern terminus to Dairy Farmer's Corner. In this year, 26 hotels were operating along the street with the majority of buildings concentrated east of the intersection with Darby Street. Development gained momentum after the introduction of steam trams in 1887 and the first restrictions on vehicular traffic drawn by animals was introduced in 1898. Drainage problems and raw sewerage necessitated the sealing of Hunter Street, first carried out with wooden blocks, concrete and asphalt, and the street was extended east to Telford Street in the early years of last century.
Following the opening of steelworks in Mayfield during 1915, Newcastle became increasingly suburban and Hunter Street developed as a destination for commerce and retail. The size and extravagance of Newcastle's early twentieth-century department stores demonstrates the popularity of city shopping. Scotts Limited and W. Winn & Co. Pty Ltd erected landmark stores near the original confluence of Hunter and Blane Streets, creating the eastern bookend of a retail strip that by mid-century stretched to the Newcastle and Suburban Co-operative Society (better known as "The Store") near Dairy Farmer's Corner.
As well as department stores, picture palaces also began to punctuate Hunter Street in the years leading up to World War II. Entertainment was concentrated in two precincts, one around the Palais Royale and Theatre Royal (Steel to Bellevue Streets), and the other from Perkins Street to the former Strand Theatre at the intersection with Market Street. The electrification of the city's tram network delivered thousands of people into the city on any given Friday and Saturday nights, creating greater connectivity with suburbs in the city's west and south.
In the decade that followed World War II, the rapid suburbanisation of Newcastle created unprecedented competition for traditional retail areas. The opening of shopping centres in , and , triggered a steady migration away from Hunter Street despite the completion of a pedestrian mall between Perkins and Newcomen Streets in the 1970s. Construction in the city centre stagnated during this period of decentralisation, expedited by a destructive earthquake in 1989.
After the earthquake Hunter Street remained inaccessible for two weeks. A recession in the early 1990s, coupled with record youth unemployment, brought the emptying of Hunter Street to a nadir in 2008. In this year, with the vacancy rate at 20% and chronically vacant properties beginning to deteriorate, Marcus Westbury created the Renew Newcastle initiative to activate empty shop fronts in and around the Hunter Street Mall. Since 2008, the Renew model has activated over 100 properties in the city centre and many of these projects have addressed Hunter Street.
In recent years, independent art galleries and niche retail has flourished in Hunter Street. The Newcastle Art School, a campus of Hunter Institute of TAFE established in the 1890s is also located in Hunter Street. East of Auckland Street, near City Hall, independent coffee shops, restaurants and small bars have been appearing along the streetscape since 2009. According to "The Newcastle Herald" in July 2013, the Hunter Street vacancy rate is less than half that of 2008 and business confidence has improved in precincts east of City Hall. In June 2012, NSW State Government's land and property developer, Landcom, purchased two thirds of The GPT Groups Newcastle city centre landholdings for $20 million and plan to develop four city blocks into a combination of residential, commercial and retail space.

</doc>
<doc id="9890360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890360" title="Rurutu Airport">
Rurutu Airport

Rurutu Airport is an airport on Rurutu in French Polynesia . The airport is located northeast of Moerai.

</doc>
<doc id="9890367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890367" title="Rough for Radio I">
Rough for Radio I

Rough for Radio I is a short radio play by Samuel Beckett, written in French in 1961 and first published in "Minuit" 5 in September 1973 as Esquisse radiophonique. Its first English publication as Sketch for Radio Play was in "Stereo Headphones" 7 (spring 1976). It first appeared under its current title in "Ends and Odds" (Grove 1976, Faber 1977).
“Plans for a BBC production, with Humphrey Searle providing the music, were made soon after the publication of the original French version but came to nothing and a later BBC proposal to produce the play without music was rejected by Beckett in the late 1970s. According to the Beckett estate the French version was produced by ORTF (Office de Radiodiffusion Télévision Française) in 1962, although Beckett himself seems later to have forgotten about this production.”
A complete run of all Beckett’s radio plays was presented by RTÉ Radio 1 in 2006 to celebrate the centenary of the author’s birth; "Rough for Radio I" was broadcast on April 12.
The work has also been produced on compact disc by the British pianist John Tilbury who also speaks the part of ‘He’. It was recorded at Trinity College of Music and Electronic Music Studio, Goldsmiths College, London, in 2004/5 along with a version of "Cascando", the music composed and performed by John Tilbury with electronic modulations by Sebastian Lexer.
Synopsis.
An unnamed woman visits a gloomy man, who we learn is called Macgillycuddy. She is under the impression that she is there on his invitation; he says not but nevertheless allows her entry. He is civil, formal, his conversation phatic He effects a faux-subservience with his continual use of “Madam”, but takes no steps to make her stay comfortable, refusing to provide even “a little heat” or “a little light” but he doesn’t go so far as to forbid her squatting on the thick cushion she sees.
“experience a practiced talker at work in the female well-wisher, with her reliable memory and inventory of conversational 'gambits' at the ready. Despite her skill, she is stymied in her efforts to advance the conversation by the male protagonist’s uncooperative obduracy.[http://www.answers.com/topic/obduracy He refuses to accommodate her desire to establish a probing 'frame', to elicit the information that her curiosity craves.” Even when she expresses concern for how troubled he seems to her the man refuses, as Vladimir would put it, to “return the ball.” He is a model of polite restraint, but why?
She has come, she informs him, to listen but then asks if she can “see them”. He says not but he does permit her to operate the two knobs that control the music and the words she has come to hear. “it live?” she wants to know. He doesn’t answer other than to instruct her how to control the sounds: “[You must twist … To the right.” His subsequent answers indicate there are individuals behind the sounds, one producing words, the other music. Each is alone, isolated from the other and required to produce their respective sound continually without respite. The man says he can’t however describe their conditions for her. Both sounds are faint and “not together”. The woman wants them louder but the volume never varies while she is there.
Having heard as much as she needs she wants to know if Macgillycuddy likes what he hears. For once he opens up and confesses that “t has become a need” but admits nothing more. She readies to go, leaving him to his “needs” (a rather sardonic remark which he fails to counter). Before she exits, she asks a strange question: “Is that a Turkoman?” Predictably the man ignores the question and goes to show her out. She takes a wrong turn and nearly walks into where they keep the “"house" garbage” implying that there are other locations that produce waste.
After she has left there is a long pause. The audience then hears the sound of two curtains being drawn evocative of those around a hospital bed.
The man picks up the telephone receiver and dials. We only hear his side of the following phone conversations. He asks the young lady who answers the phone – he refers to her as “Miss” – to have the doctor call him back. He says that it’s urgent and waits impatiently for the phone to ring.
It is hard to believe this is the same man who was so proper with his woman visitor only a few lines earlier. Could this be a different point in time completely? Or were the curtains available all the time but were only closed while he attended to his unwelcome visitor?
He gets a return call but it’s only to inform him that they cannot locate the doctor. She rings off and he curses her: “Slut!” His agitation builds. He’s beginning to panic.
The phone rings a second time. This time it may be the doctor who asks a number of pertinent questions to which the answers are, “they’re ending”, “this morning”, “she’s left me”, “they’re together” and “how could they meet?” The voice on the end of the phone tries to reassure him that “last … gasps” are all alike and then rings off telling him he’ll receive a visit in an hour. Macgillycuddy slams the phone down and curses again. This time he uses the word “Swine!” suggestive of the fact that he has been talking to a different person, most likely a male.
A few moments later the phone rings one final time. He’s now told not to expect the doctor before noon the next day; he has two births (first gasps?) to attend to, one of which is breech.
Music and Voice are then heard “ogether, ending, breaking off together, resuming together more and more feebly” and then there is nothing.
After a long pause the man whispers, “Tomorrow … noon …”
Interpretation.
Critics tend to avoid or at best gloss over this short piece.
“Beckett's play is a sort of quartet, a dialogue between a man, 'he', and a woman, 'she', interspersed by 'Music' and 'Voice'. 'Music' and 'Voice' are, we are led to believe, going on all the time; 'he' has two buttons, which allow him to listen in to them. Within the Beckett canon "Rough for Radio I" is usually thought of as a preliminary exploration of the possibilities of radio, which would be explored more fully in "Cascando" and "Words and Music".” Barry McGovern confirms that Beckett requested that “first "Rough for Radio" [was not for production, the author feeling that "Cascando" had overtaken it, so to speak.”
In "Rough for Radio I", the voice and the music are switched on and off "as if" they are being broadcast simultaneously on two separate radio stations. The same idea is presented in "Cascando", but there the voice and the music do not seem to derive from an external source. Very much as the sound of the sea is in "Embers", in "Radio I", as it is sometimes called, “is not, as usual, merely functional (for instance, as intermezzo, background music or even worse, quite simply a creator of atmosphere), but [… is allotted an intrinsic role.”
But it is not simply a matter of turning a radio on and off. Voice and Music are characters in their own right. They occupy identical physical locations and conditions away from the “elicitor”,as Merle Tönnies refers to him, and are apparently unaware of each other’s existence. Macgillycuddy acts as a master figure [who “extorts words or sounds from his servants or victims, over whom he appears to have absolute control.”
Only he doesn’t. Like the living statue in "Catastrophe" Voice and Music are capable of rebellion, even if that rebellion is simply to die and thus upset the "status quo". As the play moves on it becomes clear that they are slipping out of his control. In many ways it is “obvious that the master is as dependent on his servants as they are on him.”
Rather than the doctor being needed to attend to the ailing Voice and Music, Barry McGovern has put forward the thought that it is the man himself who is seeking medical attention and draws a parallel with the Bolton and Holloway story in "Embers".
It has also been suggested that the knobs access a kind of sonar, which could allow the visitor to monitor the two babies that are waiting to be born. There could be a personal connection too. He says everyone has left him. This might include a pregnant wife. The fact that Voice and Music occupy two identical spaces could represent wombs but there is too little to work with here to be sure.
Works inspired by.
"Radio I" is a realisation of "Rough for Radio I", which the Dutch composer Richard Rijnvos made for Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS) in 1991. Michael Gough played ‘He’ and Joan Plowright, ‘She’. The composer John Cage was the voice with music by the Ives Ensemble.
In Raymond Gervais’s 2006 work "Je suis venue pour écouter" ("I Have Come to Listen"), extracts from "Esquisse radiophonique" as well as from his own translation of "Rough for Radio II" appear on the cover of CD cases grouped together on the wall. Displayed in total darkness, the installation can only be discovered partially, with the use of a flashlight.

</doc>
<doc id="9890372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890372" title="Vivienne de Watteville">
Vivienne de Watteville

Vivienne Florence Beatrice de Watteville (1900-1957) was a British travel writer and adventurer, author of two books based on her experiences in East Africa in the 1920s, "Out in the Blue" (1927) and "Speak to the Earth" (1935). She is best remembered for taking charge of and continuing an expedition in the Congo and Uganda at the age of 24, when her father, the only other European on the safari, was killed by a lion.
Early life.
Vivienne de Watteville was the only child of the Swiss-French naturalist and artist Bernard Perceval de Watteville (Bernhard Perceval von Wattenwyl, 1877-1924) and his English wife Florence Emily Beddoes (1876-1909). Her father had been a pupil of the painter Hubert von Herkomer before turning naturalist. Her mother died of cancer when she was nine, and she spent her childhood holidays from her English boarding-school (St. George's School, Ascot) tomboyishly alone with her father, whom she called 'Brovie' ['brother'], in remote parts of Norway and in the Alps. (He called her 'Murray, my son'.) She had wanted to go to Oxford University and earn her own living, but her father, possessive to a fault, had brushed aside both ideas.
"Out in the Blue" (1927).
In 1923 Vivienne and her father set off on an eighteen-month safari through Kenya, Uganda and the Belgian Congo, collecting fauna for mounting in the Natural History Museum of Bern, Switzerland, without the help of a professional hunter. In her first book, "Out in the Blue" (i.e. in the far country), published in 1927, she describes her experiences on safari. The de Wattevilles had been troubled by marauding lions through much of their trip. Lions had attacked the mules in the boma and Bernard had shot several of the big cats. One, on the verge of starvation, had stormed their camp and raced off with a canvas bathtub, which it had tried to eat. Sometime later they found nails and torn bits of canvas in its droppings. (They found the remains of their missing Airedale inside a leopard.) At the start of the safari, Bernard de Watteville had missed most of what he shot at; by the time he and his daughter reached the Congo, he had bagged more than a hundred trophies. Their collection included elephant, lion, leopard, cape buffalo, giraffe, over thirty types of antelope, and even a male mountain bongo, which took seven weeks of stalking in the Aberdare Range. With the help of Pygmy trackers they approached gorillas in the Virunga Mountains but were unable to shoot one. They also wanted a northern white rhinoceros and had obtained special permission from the Ugandan authorities to shoot the animal. The young and enterprising Vivienne, though only 23 years old, handled all the taxidermy, working to preserve whatever her father shot for the museum. She was, in addition, the camp nurse, relying heavily on Epsom salts and quinine powder, her cure-all remedies.
On 30 September 1924, on the Congolese shore of Lake Edward, Bernard shot and wounded a lion, his nineteenth. Believing that no wounded animal should be abandoned (he had often pursued wounded buffalo in thick cover), Bernard followed the lion on foot into a bed of reeds where it lunged at him and swatted him to the ground. He jumped to his feet and fired at the retreating animal, causing it to whirl around and in just a few bounds attack him once again. The angry cat mauled him until he was able to shoot it while it was on top of him. The lion's claws were buried in the man's body and had to be pulled out one by one. Two hours later Bernard staggered into camp where he collapsed in his daughter's tent. Vivienne did her best to save her father, treating his infected wounds with raw crystals of permanganate, but the bleeding could not be stopped. Bernard died at sundown the next day and was buried the day after. Though suffering from spirillum fever and shock, and though before her father's death she had killed nothing bigger than dik-dik and guinea fowl, Vivienne took charge of the safari and completed the mission, shooting both for the pot (she had a team of native trackers, skinners and porters to feed) and for the collection. One of the remaining species on their license that she successfully hunted was a northern white rhinoceros. 
Vivienne returned to Europe in 1925 to write her book. Among admirers of "Out in the Blue" was Wilfred Thesiger, who was greatly impressed and moved by it. Despite the killing, the book is notable for its sensitive description of animals and landscape and for its note of regret. "To have been granted even one cow was a great concession, for they are strictly preserved; to have slain two seemed to us nothing less than calamity." The de Watteville specimens, mounted, were exhibited from 1936 in the dioramas of the new "Musée d'histoire naturelle" at Bern.
"Speak to the Earth" (1935).
Part I In 1928-29 Vivienne returned to Kenya for seven months, officially to photograph and film elephants, but on a personal level to seek solitude Thoreau-style and fulfil a personal dream of going into the wilds unarmed and "in some unforeseen way to win the friendship of the beasts." "Now I was going back in my own way," she noted pointedly. After overcoming official resistance - she was by then a minor celebrity in the Colony and, an aristocratic beauty, in demand socially - she spent five months camping in the Maasai Game Reserve on the border with Tanganyika, alone but for five porters from the 1923-4 expedition, her Irish terrier Siki, her books, gramophone and collection of classical records, and an armed askari (the colonial officials were taking no chances). "Around me the plains ran out to the far mountains melting into the night, and above all, like an invisible presence, Kilimanjaro drew a faint gleam of snow under the first stars." Despite bouts of malaria she mostly achieved her aims: she was tolerated by the elephants, and her chosen camp-site near Namanga turned out to be rhino grazing-ground, with the rhinos returning to graze around the tents. She narrowly escaped death in a close encounter with a lion (thinking the visitor one night was a hyaena, she left her tent to chase it off, realising her mistake too late to retreat: she was so close to the lion she could have touched it), and twice with charging rhinos that missed her by inches; she climbed two mountains (Ol Doinyo Orok and Longido); and she killed no animals except, at the request of the local Maasai, a man-eating lioness, shot by her askari.
Part II She then spent an idyllic two months (January–February 1929) based in Urumandi Hut on Mount Kenya, in the giant heather and parkland zone, some of the time with two porters and some alone, exploring the mountain and valleys, bathing naked in the rock-pools below the Nithi Falls, befriending the birds and small animals, collecting flowers and seeds, sketching the flora, and meditating "first principles". While up at the peaks she witnessed the third ascent of Mount Kenya, by Eric Shipton, Percy Wyn-Harris and Gustav Sommerfelt (January 1929), who next day took her on a scramble around the south-face glaciers. She thanked them on their return to Urumandi Hut with perfectly-mixed cocktails. In her last weeks on the mountain she and the porters saved the alpine hut from a forest fire after a day-long struggle. Suffering toothache a few days later, rather than cut short her stay and return to Nairobi, Vivienne pulled out the tooth herself in an operation that took three hours and forty minutes, using first fishing-wire and gravity, then pliers from her tool kit.
This second journey to Africa resulted in her book "Speak to the Earth: Wanderings among Elephants and Mountains", published in 1935. It contains a Preface by Edith Wharton, who admired "Out in the Blue" and who asked Vivienne to write another book about Africa "not" centred on hunting. Its epigraph, "Speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee" ["Job" 12,8] points to the book's gentle didacticism, touching as it does on existential questions relating to the human spirit, self-knowledge, solitude, risk-taking, Nature and happiness. "In the Conradian undertones," writes Béatrice Bijon (2009), "her narrative proves to be an exploration of the self." Shortly after the book's publication, the unnamed 80 m. waterfalls below Lake Michaelson high up the Gorges Valley on Mount Kenya were called the 'Vivienne Falls' in the author's honour. 
Publishing history.
Among English reprints of "Speak to the Earth" was a Penguin edition (1988) with an introduction by Alexander Maitland, biographer of Wilfred Thesiger. A French edition appeared in 1936 as "L'appel de l'Afrique", the two parts of which have since been republished separately as "Un thé chez les éléphants" and "Petite musique de chambre sur le mont Kenya" (1997). Part 1 has recently been translated into Italian as "Sulle orme degli elefanti" (2013) (:'On the trail of the elephants').
"Seeds that the Wind may bring" (1965).
Travelling in the Midi in June 1929, as she tells us in her third and final book, Vivienne chances to visit with her Swiss grandmother, Blanche Eleonore de Gingins (an unfailing supporter of her adventurous approach to life), the Ile de Port-Cros, one of the Îles d'Hyères on the Côte d'Azur. Enchanted by the unspoilt island, she conceives the idea of settling in a remote gîte there and making it "a rest-home for world-weary friends". She rents a house in the bay of Port Man, orders alterations and, shopping recklessly in Paris in August (she has now come into a legacy), furnishes it to perfection. Things at first go to plan, though she is cheated and brow-beaten by all around her ("Bleak is the battle of the lone woman in Latin countries," she notes). She observes, detached, the failing relationships of her guests. But her idyll turns to nightmare when alone during the wind-tormented winter months, she finds to her horror that her only servant, a full-blooded young Italian called Josef, has developed a passion for her. Josef is driven to frenzies of jealousy by the visits of a cultivated Englishman, Bunt; and in a dramatic climax reminiscent of a D. H. Lawrence plot, though with an un-Lawrentian outcome, Vivienne, "like one waking from the dead", is forced to confront her psychological demons: her "freedom-complex" ("it was my own will to be free that had bound me hand and foot" ... "the battle within raged between this devil's pride and the other voice which pleaded for the self's surrender"); the ambivalent ties that bind her to her father's memory; delayed trauma from her father's death; fear of "saddling with the wrong companion for the rest of [her life"; extreme perfectionism. In the book that she wrote about this Port-Cros adventure, "Seeds that the Wind may bring" (published posthumously in 1965), we find a travel-writer confronting with honest self-examination the question 'What am I doing here?'. Vivienne's third book thus becomes an ironic and mature comment on her second, which itself was a comment on her first. It is also, in its latter pages, a love-story, about "the heaven-sent gift of two people of perfect understanding". Bunt (Capt. George Gerard Goschen, soldier, diplomat), a stranger she had met at an Albert Hall concert and who visits her on the island, shares her love of solitude and beauty, music and games, helps save her from the unhappy Josef, and at the end becomes her fiancé.
Later life.
On 23 July 1930 Vivienne de Watteville married Captain George Gerard Goschen (1887-1953) and they moved to Hopesay, Shropshire, then King's Farm, Binsted, Hampshire. They had two children, David Bernard (b.1931), and Tana (b.1932), named after the river Tana in Kenya. "Nothing short of bearing and rearing children myself," de Watteville wrote, "coming down with humility into the struggling world, could have taught me the greatness of women." After her marriage she gave talks on the BBC wireless and published articles. Among her friends was Karen Blixen, who described her as a witty conversationalist. (Denys Finch Hatton had advised Vivienne on her 1928 itinerary.) When the success of "Speak to the Earth" called for a new edition of "Out in the Blue" in 1937, she considered, as she notes in the Preface, rewriting her first book to play down the hunting scenes, given changing attitudes to big-game hunting in the 1930s, and to bring the book into line with her own maturer outlook; but she resisted the temptation in the interests of historical truth.
Vivienne Goschen died in hospital on 27 June 1957, of cancer. "When told that she had no more than a fortnight to live," J. Alan White wrote, "she received the news with relief, and even a kind of exaltation, that the pain and uncertainty from which she had suffered for a number of years were about to end. She saw no reason for deep grief; she was 56 and had had a satisfying life. The few pain-free hours in the last two weeks of her life were devoted to the clearing up of her affairs." She left her eyes to the Eye Bank, and the manuscript of her third book to a friend, J. Alan White, asking him to oversee its publication. Vivienne and George Goschen were buried at Hopesay, Shropshire, which had been the home of her English grandfather, Capt. H. W. Beddoes, R.N.
Influence.
Among writers influenced by de Watteville's two African books was Ernest Hemingway, who originally included a quotation from "Speak to the Earth" as an epigraph to his 1936 story 'The Snows of Kilimanjaro'. Part I of "Speak to the Earth" ends, like 'Snows', with a vision of Kilimanjaro after rain, and with a sense of its sunlit snows as the next destination. 

</doc>
<doc id="9890382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890382" title="Takapoto Airport">
Takapoto Airport

Takapoto Airport is an airport on Takapoto in French Polynesia . The airport is south of the village of Fakatopatere.

</doc>
<doc id="9890390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890390" title="The Girl from Chicago">
The Girl from Chicago

The Girl from Chicago (1932) is an American film produced and directed by Oscar Micheaux, with an all-African American cast to include lead actor Carl Mahon. The story concerns a Federal agent who falls in love while on assignment in Mississippi. He helps his lover escape a local thug, and the film follows them to Harlem where they become involved in the assassination of a Cuban racketeer, played by Juano Hernández.
Produced on a shoestring budget, this independent production featuring a largely non-professional cast, is known as one of the better-quality Micheaux productions. As is common in Micheaux's film, the story line is padded with several musical numbers, offering a glimpse of African American musical and dancing talent of the time.
DVD release.
On May 26, 2009, a Region 0 DVD of the movie was released by Alpha Video.
References.
2. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0537070/bio

</doc>
<doc id="9890394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890394" title="Yalgaar">
Yalgaar

Yalgaar (an Urdu word meaning assault/attack) is a 1992 Indian Hindi language film directed by and starring Feroz Khan alongside Sanjay Dutt, Manisha Koirala and Kabir Bedi, Mukesh Khanna.
Synopsis.
Two childhood friends grow up to be on the opposite sides of law, one an Additional Police Commissioner, Mahendra Ashwini Kumar, and the other a crime lord, Raj Pratap Singhal. An associate of Singhal kills the son of Mahendra, and his other son, Rajesh, also a police officer, swears to avenge the death. Mahendra's deceased son leaves behind a widow, Kaushalya and a daughter, Meghna. On a chance meeting, Meghna meets with Vicky Malhotra, and eventually both in love with each other. The Kumars are introduced to Vicky, and they approve of him. Mahendra is then promoted as the Commissioner of Police, and is subsequently killed by another associate of Singhal. With the police closing in on Singhal, he decides to re-locate to Dubai, U.A.E. with his wife, son, daughter-in-law Anu, and he arranges the abduction of Meghna to ensure his safety from Rajesh's wrath. It is then that Meghna comes to know that Vicky is really the other son of Singhal, and who now has started showing his true colors.

</doc>
<doc id="9890409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890409" title="Takaroa Airport">
Takaroa Airport

Takaroa Airport is an airport on Takaroa in French Polynesia . The airport is 2.5 km north of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9890411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890411" title="Strum ünd Bang, Live!?">
Strum ünd Bang, Live!?

Strum ünd Bang, Live!? is an EP by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1993 by Munster Records. It is out of print, however all of the tracks were re-released on the CD version of "Big Black Bugs Bleed Blue Blood" on Lookout! Records.
Despite its title, the EP does not consist of live recordings. It was recorded in a studio in Spain while the band was on tour in Europe in 1992. In between songs the band added clips from various live albums including "KISS Alive II", a Blue Öyster Cult live album, and John F. Kennedy's inaugural address to create the illusion of a live performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9890433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890433" title="Everything But the Girl">
Everything But the Girl

Everything But the Girl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9890438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890438" title="Germany's Next Topmodel (cycle 2)">
Germany's Next Topmodel (cycle 2)

Germany's Next Topmodel Cycle 2, started airing on March 1, 2007 with a batch of 15 fresh wannabe models and the judges that would determine the winner. Two girls, Sophie and Alina, left during the second episode after deciding that their education was more important. Tonia Michaely and Denise Dahinten replaced the two contestants.
This season was commercially presented by Opel Tigra Twin Top and Staatl. Fachingen.
International Destinations.
The international destinations for this cycle were set in St. Moritz, Switzerland; Cape Town, South Africa; Bangkok, Thailand and Los Angeles, USA.
Episode Summaries.
Episode 1: Welche 15 Mädchen werden es in die nächste Runde schaffen?
Out of over 16,000 applicants, the judges selected 100 girls as semi-finalists, who then had to prove themselves in a model castings. The applicants had only 2 minutes to win over the judges with their charisma and personality. From the 100, 25 were chosen, and given their first task - a fashion show at the Signal Iduna Park in Dortmund, Germany's largest football stadium, where they had to do a catwalk down the field during half-time in front of over 70,000 football fans watching the Borussia Dortmund vs. VfB Stuttgart game. At the end of the second day of casting, ten of the girls are eliminated, and the 15 that would move on to the house were determined.
Episode 2: Das erste große Einzel-Fotoshooting steht bevor.
The 15 finalists arrived in St. Moritz and went to their first photoshoot on a snow covered mountain for German "Cosmopolitan". After this photo shoot, Sophie and Alina decided to leave the show to return to school. Then the contestants had their first challenge, won by Aneta Tober. Finally, they went to their first important photo shoot, posing in front of a gigantic fan with a car behind them. Previously eliminated contestants Tonia Michaely and Denise Dahinten replaced Alina and Sophie. Heidi Klum, watching the photo shoot, spoke highly of Dahinten's creative poses, saying she hasn't ever seen poses like them before. In the end, Janine Mackenroth was the first model eliminated, due to a lack of expression in her photos.
Episode 3: Einzug ins neue Zuhause.
In the third episode, the girls move into their new house. Bruce and Boris train them in three styles of runway-walk and make-up: sporty, young virgin, and sexy. Later the girls are given publicity training with comedian Hugo Egon Balder; Barbara wins the challenge, and chooses Janina to share her prize - a three-course dinner with Heidi Klum at a hotel. For the photo shoot, the girls pose in Swarovski Crystals and bald caps. At judging, Enyerlina Sanchez and Antje are not as good as the other girls and they are eliminated.
Episode 4: Der neue Style.
The contestants got new haircuts in this episode. They were also forced to pass the "Falling Fairytales" photo shoot from "America's Next Top Model", Cycle 6. Contestant Janina-Catharina Küpper could not convince the judges and was eliminated. Fiona Erdmann provoked Hana Nitsche by compromising her in front of judge member Peyman Amin: During a fake casting Erdmann was asked to play the casting agent requesting Nitsche to present a sock to the customer. She worked herself up over this matter so Nitsche felt offended. Later Erdmann apologized for the time being.
Episode 5: Es wird eisig....
During the fashion show of the designer Susanne Marx of the AMD (“Akademie Mode & Design”) fashion school in Düsseldorf Philips hall Alla Kosovan and Anja Platzer were not allowed to walk the runway. At not less than 2000 invited guests, it was a chance for three of the contestants to present themselves to the designers Johnny Talbot and Adrian Runhof and their prêt-à-porter fashion show in Paris, France. The designers decided to take Hana Nitsche, Fiona Erdmann and Milla von Krockow.
Their challenge this week was a photo shoot with a male model depicting the four seasons through mien and gestures authentically. This was useful for the contestants to learn the difference between Commercial Posing and Editorial Posing. The winners Tonia Michaely, Denise Dahinten, Mandy Graff and Barbara Meier were allowed to spend the evening with the male models, with which they had to work for the shooting. The other contestants had to clean the house.
This week's photo shoot took place in a cold storage house with the photographer Matt McCabe. The contestants had to deal with enormous low temperature as they were forced to pose with ice sculptures in mini skirts and mini dresses.
Before the elimination every contestant had to do a live-walk and demonstrate one's learning aptitude by presenting a fire brigade outfit in Editorial Posing and another product in Commercial Posing.
The judges were not thrilled of Alla Kosovan's performance this week, so she was the one to be eliminated.
Episode 6: Knutsch die Kröte.
After acting lessons, eight of the ten girls went on a professional casting for a car advert being shot in Cape Town - Denise Dahinten and Fiona Erdmann were nominated by the other contestants to stay at home and miss the casting. Hana Nitsche won the job.
Also during episode 6, for winning a challenge, Anni Wendler was chosen to be in the music video for the song "Zwei Sommer" by German singer Kim Frank. She was encouraged to pick three contestants who knew how to play guitar or keyboards to co-star in the video. She asked the others if anyone could play those instruments, but no one said they did. Wendler selected Mandy Graff, Michaela Gräfin "Milla" von Krockow, and Aneta Tober. Wendler later complained the video left her with bruising from pretending to play guitar all day.
The contestants shot a television commercial for an online dating agency. They each were dressed as a fairy princess for the ad in which they found a frog, and gave him a kiss. Frustrated when he didn't turn into a prince, they angrily demanded he do so, insisting he wanted to. The commercial was not shot in one continuous take. At this point, so as to avoid cruelty, the real frog was swapped for a fake frog. Then shooting resumed, as the model tossed the fake frog down in frustration at the end of the commercial. Denise Dahinten was clumsy during the shoot. She also wanted a lot of reassurance from the director, to the point of neediness and requesting a hug. Heidi was on the set and witnessed this behavior. Dahinten was eliminated at the end of this episode.
Episode 7: Heiße Action.
This week's photo shoot was placed in an action setting. The contestants had to stay concentrated despite loud explosion noises in the background. Contestant Barbara Meier was asked to co-star with Heidi Klum in a McDonald's television commercial as a reward for winning an acting challenge. The casting director said she was not necessarily the best actor, but would be the best one for the commercial. The spot received a lot of airplay a few weeks later. The contestants' parents surprised their daughters by making a visit. Hana Nitsche's boyfriend made a bad joke by pretending not to come but then arriving later on. Nitsche was not amused unlike her boyfriend who laughed a lot and apparently enjoyed having teased her.
Episode 8: Ein tierisch gutes Shooting.
This week the seven contestants travelled to Bangkok to participate in a casting for the Thai fashion label Fly Now. Five of the seven contestants were allowed to walk the runway which was placed in a calf-high swimming pool. The designer chose Anja Platzer and Fiona Erdman not to walk along with the others. The next day the contestants travelled to Los Angeles for a photo shoot with an elephant and a barely dressed man. The judges eliminated half-Chinese contestant Milla von Krockow due to a lack of expression in her face.
Episode 9: Topmodel trifft Superstar.
The contestants stayed in Los Angeles for another week. Their first challenge was to act professionally on the red carpet surrounded by celebrities and actors. Anja Platzer was chosen as this challenge's winner and was given the chance to jaunt on a yacht along with Mandy Graff while the other contestants had to go for broke at a fitness lesson. All of the contestants then participated in a casting with Christian Audigier, designer of the successfully rising fashion label Ed Hardy. Hana Nitsche, Mandy Graff and Barbara Meier were chosen to walk the runway at a well visited fashion show. This week's photo shoot demanded a great deal of the contestants as they had to pose like superheroes knotted with ropes between house walls of Los Angeles. Contestant Fiona Erdman later peached on Mandy Graff and Hana Nitsche as she stated they sometimes considered to leave the competition. Erdmann then obviously lost many viewers' sympathies regarding internet polls and surveys. The judges's problem child Anja Platzer finally had to leave the show as they could not find enough enhancements regarding her achievements all over the show.
Episode 10: Bodypainting am Malibu Beach.
For this week's photo shoot, the contestants had to go the full monty as their bodies were covered only by body color during a body painting session at the Malibu Beach. Runway coach Bruce Darnell forced the girls to find foot passengers in Hollywood's Rodeo Drive to argue them into a photo shoot for which they had to imitate film posters. Anni Wendler stuck out with her outstanding achievement and was allowed to fly with a helicopter and watch California's night life from above. Wendler and Hana Nitsche began to backbite – Fiona Erdmann being the victim. When Erdmann tried to talk things out Nitsche evaded the issue. Due to the show's success, the producers decided to elongate it by an additional episode with no elimination.
Episode 11: Das große Cosmopolitan-Shooting steht bevor.
The five remaining girls style and photograph themselves for a shoot at a villa in the Hollywood Hills, at which they are allowed to take revenge on judge Peyman Amin for his mean appraisals. The shoot is curtailed when a bushfire breaks out nearby. The girls have their photoshoot for the winner's Cosmopolitan cover; Mandy Graff and Barbara Meyer have to do theirs again. They then have to answer questions in English at a press conference with American journalists; the language barrier is an obstacle, and Barbara is upset when she inadvertently says something she thinks will upset her boyfriend. They are relieved to find out afterwards that the journalists were actors. At the judging, the girls have to walk in both pret-a-porter and haute couture clothes. Mandy Graff is eliminated.
Episode 13: Das Finale.
Though officially described as “live ” the finale was recorded in the afternoon of May 24 and shown at 20.15 PM the same day. It began with Heidi Klum introducing the three finalists: Anni Wendler, Hana Nitsche, and Barbara Meier. Their first live challenge was a bikini-themed catwalk and another one with old-fashioned dresses. Shortly after that, last week's photos were shown to the audience. The contestants had to explain their ideas and implementation. Then Hana was eliminated without any explanation by the judges which displeased the audience and the viewers booed loudly. For the next challenge runway trainer Bruce Darnell was asked to do a “spontaneous” photo shoot with Wendler and Meier themed “Romeo and Juliet” and “Caught in the Act”. After that clips of all three finalists were accompanied with a live-played saxophone song. The saxophone preluded to an opera version of Ave Maria with all of this season's contestants walking the runway dressed in baroque and unique appearing robes. The studio was quiet for a few seconds before Monrose's "Hot Summer" started and the band members began to walk the runway. As the second verse began all contestants came on stage one by one and did another catwalk walk. Then the final announcement was made: Barbara is “Germany's Next Topmodel”. She got a car and the modelling contract with IMG Models.
Episode 14: Was keiner sah.
This episode was announced as a collection of unaired additional footage from all twelve episodes but half of the episode turned out to be a summary of shown footage. The last one and a half hours showed the contestants at a Spin the Bottle play, a boxing training, a report of contestant Hana being sick and some other scenes.
Contestants.
Ages and measurements stated are at time of contest.
Controversies.
Many fans were able to find out the eliminated contestant from the next week's episode beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="9890444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890444" title="Ghim">
Ghim

Ghim is a fictional character from the "Record of Lodoss War" fantasy manga and its derivative anime franchise. Ghim's purpose is apparent right from the beginning of the series, as he is looking for a girl who is like a daughter to him and wishes to get her back from her kidnappers.
Ghim plays a major role throughout more than half of the "Record of Lodoss War" series, up until his death, and serves as Parn's mentor, teaching him how to fight. He plays no role whatsoever in "Chronicles of the Heroic Knight", "Legend of Crysania", or even "Welcome to Lodoss Island".
Ghim is exclusively a fighter, and has in his possession what appears to be a Battle Axe of Returning as his axe always returns after being thrown.
It is never hinted at, as to what the age of Ghim is, but judging from his appearance, he seems somewhat old, and could be between the ages of 175 and 220.
Character history.
Ghim's history is only hinted upon every now and again in the story, though some facts are apparent from the beginning. He is devoted to Neese, the high priestess of Marfa, the goddess of all creation and acts as a father figure for Leylia, Neese's adopted daughter, and a priestess of Marfa herself.
Coming to the same village that Parn and Slayn live in, Ghim comes to ask his longtime friend Slayn for aid, to which Slayn at first turns him down.
Role in "Record of Lodoss War".
In "Record of Lodoss War", Ghim plays a major role all the way up until the end of episode 8, in which he dies removing Karla's circlet from Leylia.
His purpose from the beginning of the series is to save his Leylia, who he thinks of much like a daughter from whatever dark forces may have abducted her.
During the goblin raid on Parn's village, Ghim and Slayn are instrumental in routing the goblins, saving the lives of several people, Ghim with his special axe and Slayn with his sorcery. Ghim is present during the fight between Parn and the goblin chieftain, and when it is remarked that Parn is undisciplined but has potential, Ghim grunts in agreement.
From episode 3 onward, Ghim becomes a sort of mentor for Parn, teaching him how to hold his weapon, as well as how to wield it. He teaches Parn what he is able to, but ultimately allows King Kashue to take on the role of his teacher, when Parn's studies would need to be furthered by someone who actually uses a sword.
Throughout the series, Ghim's quest becomes increasingly desperate, as he comes across Leylia herself, when she is possessed by Karla the Grey Witch. He then vows not too long later, that he is going to go and retrieve Leylia, which will put him face-to-face with both Leylia and Karla.
Voices.
In "Record of Lodoss War", Ghim is voiced by Yoshisada Sakaguchi. His English voice actor for US Manga Corps is Greg Wolfe.
Origins.
Ghim is based on a character of the same name who was played by Hitoshi Yasuda, the president of Group SNE during the advent of the Forcelia campaign world. He does not retain any depth of fame to his character, as he is considered to be a supporting character. His name and appearance are derived from Gimli of "The Lord of the Rings".
Ghim was created for play in the Forcelia campaign world which was offered to TSR at one point, but rejected due to current policies. As a dwarven fighter, Ghim is characterized by the use of his Battle Axe of Returning, a weapon which he can use with surgical precision.

</doc>
<doc id="9890452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890452" title="Tikehau Airport">
Tikehau Airport

Tikehau Airport is an airport on Tikehau atoll in French Polynesia . The airport is located 1 km southeast of Tuherahera. It was inaugurated in 1977. In 2009, 41,817 passengers transited through Tikehau. 
The airport has minimal services: there is no runway lighting system for landing at night, no instrument approach and no control tower.

</doc>
<doc id="9890460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890460" title="Reason to Believe (Rita MacNeil album)">
Reason to Believe (Rita MacNeil album)

Reason To Believe is an album by Rita MacNeil, released in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="9890462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890462" title="Jackson, MS Metropolitan Statistical Area">
Jackson, MS Metropolitan Statistical Area

The Jackson, MS Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the central region of the U.S. state of Mississippi that covers five counties: Copiah, Hinds, Madison, Rankin, and Simpson. As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 539,057. According to 2012 estimates, the metro area's population has increased to 576,800.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 497,197 people, 180,556 households, and 127,704 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 53.02% White, 45.29% African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.67% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.29% from other races, and 0.60% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.98% of the population.
History.
Founding and antebellum period (to 1860).
The area that is now Jackson was initially referred to as Parker'ville. A trading post was set up there by Louis LeFleur, a French Canadian trader, on the historic Natchez Trace trade route. This was before the Choctaw ceded land under the Treaty of Doak's Stand in 1820, and the US formally opened the area for settlement by non-native American settlers.
The city was founded to establish a centrally located capital for the new state of Mississippi. In 1821, the Mississippi General Assembly, meeting in the then-capital of Natchez, had sent Thomas Hinds, James Patton, and William Lattimore to look for a site. After surveying areas north and east of Jackson, they proceeded southwest along the Pearl River until they reached LeFleur's Bluff in Hinds County. Their report to the General Assembly stated that this location had beautiful and healthful surroundings, good water, abundant timber, navigable waters, and proximity to the trading route Natchez Trace. And so, a legislative Act passed by the Assembly on November 28, 1821, authorized the location to become the permanent seat of the government of the state of Mississippi.
Jackson is named after the seventh President of the United States, Andrew Jackson (pictured to the right), in recognition for his victory in the Battle of New Orleans.
Jackson was originally planned, in April 1822, by Peter Van Dorn in a "checkerboard" pattern advocated by Thomas Jefferson, in which city blocks alternated with parks and other open spaces, giving the appearance of a checkerboard. This plan has not lasted to the present day.
The state legislature first met in Jackson on December 23, 1822.
In 1839, Jackson was the site of the passage of the first state law that permitted married women to own and administer their own property. 
Jackson was first linked with other cities by rail in 1840. An 1844 map shows Jackson linked by an east-west rail line running between Vicksburg, Raymond, and Brandon. Unlike Vicksburg, Greenville, and Natchez, Jackson is not located on the Mississippi River, and did not develop like those cities from river commerce. Instead, railroads would later spark growth of the city in the decades after the American Civil War.
American Civil War and late nineteenth century (1861-1900).
Despite its small population, during the Civil War, Jackson became a strategic center of manufacturing for the Confederate States of America. In 1863, during the campaign which ended in the capture of Vicksburg, Union forces captured Jackson during two battles—once before the fall of Vicksburg and once after the fall of Vicksburg. 
On May 13, 1863, Union forces won the first Battle of Jackson, forcing Confederate forces to flee northward towards Canton. Subsequently, on May 15, 1863, Union troops under the command of William Tecumseh Sherman burned and looted key facilities in city of Jackson, a strategic manufacturing and railroad center for the Confederacy. After driving the Confederate forces out of Jackson, Union forces turned west once again and engaged the Vicksburg defenders at the Battle of Champion Hill in nearby Edwards. The siege of Vicksburg began soon after the Union victory at Champion Hill. Confederate forces began to reassemble in Jackson in preparation for an attempt to break through the Union lines surrounding Vicksburg and end the siege there. The Confederate forces in Jackson built defensive fortifications encircling the city while preparing to march west to Vicksburg. 
Confederate forces marched out of Jackson to break the siege of Vicksburg in early July 1863. However, unknown to them, Vicksburg had already surrendered on July 4, 1863. General Ulysses S. Grant dispatched General Sherman to meet the Confederate forces heading west from Jackson. Upon learning that Vicksburg had already surrendered, the Confederates retreated back into Jackson, thus beginning the Siege of Jackson, which lasted for approximately one week. Union forces encircled the city and began an artillery bombardment. One Union artillery emplacements is still intact on the grounds of the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson. Another Federal position is still intact on the campus of Millsaps College. One of the Confederate Generals defending Jackson was former United States Vice President John C. Breckenridge. On July 16, 1863, Confederate forces slipped out of Jackson during the night and retreated across the Pearl River. Union forces completely burned the city after its capture this second time, and the city earned the nickname "Chimneyville" because only the chimneys of houses were left standing. The northern line of Confederate defenses in Jackson during the siege was located along a road near downtown Jackson, now known as Fortification Street.
Today there are few antebellum structures left standing in Jackson. One surviving structure is the Governor's Mansion, built in 1842, which served as Sherman's headquarters. Another is the Old Capitol building, which served as the home of the Mississippi state legislature from 1839 to 1903. There the Mississippi legislature passed the ordinance of secession from the Union on January 9, 1861, becoming the second state to secede from the United States. The constitutional convention of 1890, which produced Mississippi's Constitution of 1890, was also held there. The so-called New Capitol replaced the older structure upon its completion in 1903, and today the Old Capitol is a historical museum. A third important surviving antebellum structure is the Jackson City Hall, built in 1846 for less than $8,000. It is said that Sherman, a Mason, spared it because it housed a Masonic Lodge, though a more likely reason is that it housed an army hospital.
Early twentieth century (1901-1960).
Pulitzer Prize-winning author Eudora Welty was born in Jackson in 1909, died there in 2001, and lived most of her life in the Belhaven section of the city. She wrote a memoir of her development as a writer, "One Writer's Beginnings" (1984), which gives a charming picture of the city in the early 20th century. Today, the main Jackson public library is named in her honor.
Highly acclaimed African-American author Richard Wright, a native of Roxie, Mississippi, lived in Jackson as an adolescent and young man in the 1910s and 1920s, and relates his experience in his memoir "Black Boy" (1945). He describes the harsh and largely terror-filled life most African-Americans experienced in the South and the rest of the United States under segregation in the early twentieth century. 
Jackson's economic growth was stimulated in the 1930s by the discovery of natural gas fields nearby.
During World War II, Hawkins Field in northwest Jackson became a major airbase. Among other facilities and units, the Royal Netherlands Military Flying School was established there, after Nazi Germany occupied the Netherlands. From 1941, the base trained all Dutch military aircrews.
Civil rights era and afterwards (1961–present).
Since 1960, Jackson has undergone a series of dramatic changes and growth. On May 24, 1961, during the American Civil Rights Movement, a large group of Freedom Riders was arrested in Jackson for "disturbing the peace" after they disembarked from their bus. Although the Freedom Riders had planned to make New Orleans, Louisiana their final destination, Jackson was the farthest that any of them actually managed to travel.
In Jackson, shortly after midnight on June 12, 1963, Medgar Evers, civil rights activist and leader of the Mississippi chapter of the NAACP, was murdered by Byron De La Beckwith, a white supremacist. In 1994, prosecutors Ed Peters and Bobby DeLaughter finally got De La Beckwith convicted of murder by a jury. A portion of U.S. Highway 49, all of Delta Drive and Jackson-Evers International Airport now bear Medgar Evers's name.
The first successful cadaveric lung transplant was performed at the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson in June 1963 by Dr. James Hardy. Hardy transplanted the cadaveric lung into a patient suffering from lung cancer. The patient survived for eighteen days before dying of kidney failure.
In June 1966, Jackson was also the terminus of the James Meredith March, organized by James Meredith, the first African-American to enroll at the University of Mississippi. The march, which began in Memphis, Tennessee, was an attempt to garner support for the Civil Rights movement and was accompanied by a drive to register African-Americans to vote in Mississippi. In this latter aim, it succeeded in registering between 2,500 and 3,000 black Mississippians to vote. The march ended on June 26 after Meredith, who had been wounded by a sniper's bullet earlier on the march, addressed a large rally of some 15,000 people in Jackson. 
Since 1968, Jackson has been the home of Malaco Records, one of the leading record companies for gospel and soul music in the United States. In January 1973, Paul Simon recorded the song "Learn How To Fall", found on the album "There Goes Rhymin' Simon", in Jackson at the Malaco Recording Studios. 
Two students at Jackson State University (then called Jackson State College) were killed while protesting the Vietnam War on May 15, 1970. These murders were part of the evidence cited by "Newsweek" in its issue of 18 May when it suggested that U.S. President Richard Nixon faced a new home front.
In 1997, Harvey Johnson, Jr. became the city's first African American mayor. During his term, he proposed the creation of a convention center, in hopes of attracting business to the city. This measure was passed during Johnson's tenure, but construction did not begin until recently. The convention center has an anticipated completion date of early 2009. Mayor Johnson was replaced by Frank Melton on July 4, 2005. Melton has subsequently generated controversy through his unconventional behavior, which has included acting as a law enforcement officer. A dramatic spike in crime has also ensued, despite Melton's promises to rid the city of its crime problem.
Geography and climate.
The Jackson metropolitan area possesses a humid subtropical climate, with very hot, humid summers and mild winters. Rain is very evenly spread throughout the year, and snow can fall in wintertime, although heavy snowfall is relatively rare. Much of the areas rainfall occurs during thunderstorms. Thunder is heard on roughly 70 days per annum. The Jackson metropolitan area lies in a region prone to severe thunderstorms which can produce large hail, damaging winds and tornadoes.
Industry.
Jackson is home to several major industries. These include electrical equipment and machinery, processed food, and primary and fabricated metal products. The surrounding area supports agricultural development of livestock, soybeans, cotton, and poultry.
Publicly traded companies.
The following companies are headquartered in Jackson:
Points of interest.
Tourism and Culture.
Jackson is a city famous for its music - including gospel, blues and R&B. Jackson is also home to the world famous Malaco Records recording studio. Many notable musicians hail from Jackson.
Jackson is home to the USA International Ballet Competition. Founded in 1978 by Thalia Mara, the first USA International Ballet Competition took place in 1979 and joined the ranks of Varna, Bulgaria (1964); Moscow, Russia (1969); and Tokyo, Japan (1976). The International Ballet Competition (IBC) originated in Varna, Bulgaria in 1964. The competition eventually expanded to rotating annual events in Varna, Moscow and Tokyo. In 1979 the event first came to the United States in Jackson, Mississippi, where it now returns every four years. The rotation is currently among Jackson, Varna, Helsinki, Finland and Shanghai, China. These first competitions were given sanction by the International Dance Committee of UNESCO’s International Theater Institute. Today, international ballet competitions flourish worldwide, and the USA IBC in Jackson remains one of the oldest and most respected competitions in the world. In 1982, the United States Congress passed a Joint Resolution designating Jackson as the official home of the USA International Ballet Competition. Jackson held subsequent competitions in 1982, 1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010. The next competition is in 2014. The competitions are held at Thalia Mara Hall.
Downtown Jackson Renaissance.
Currently, Jackson is experiencing $1.6 billion in downtown development. Among the projects include improvements to or construction of the following:
Historic sites.
Fondren is a historical neighborhood located just North of downtown Jackson. The district has the ambiance of art-deco style architecture and many fine restaurants and eclectic shops.
Transportation.
Air travel.
Jackson is served by Jackson-Evers International Airport, located at Allen C. Thompson Field, east of the city in Flowood in Rankin County. Its IATA code is JAN. The airport has non-stop service to 12 cities throughout the United States and is served by 6 mainline carriers (American, Delta, United, Southwest, and US Airways)
On 22 December 2004, Jackson City Council members voted 6-0 to rename Jackson International Airport in honor of slain civil rights leader and field secretary for the Mississippi chapter of the NAACP, Medgar Evers. This decision took effect on 22 January 2005. 
Formerly Jackson was served by Hawkins Field Airport, located in northwest Jackson, with IATA code HKS, which is now used for private air traffic only.
Underway is the Airport Parkway project. The environmental impact study is complete and final plans are drawn and awaiting Mississippi Department of Transportation approval. Right-of-way acquisition is underway at an estimated cost of $19 million. The Airport Parkway will connect High Street in downtown Jackson to Mississippi Highway 475 in Flowood at Jackson-Evers International Airport. The Airport Parkway Commission consists of the Mayor of Pearl, the Mayor of Flowood and the Mayor of Jackson, as the Airport Parkway will run through and have access from each of these three cities.
Ground transportation.
Other roads.
In addition, Jackson is served by the Natchez Trace Parkway, which runs from Natchez to Nashville, Tennessee.
Bus service.
JATRAN (Jackson Transit System) operates hourly or half-hourly during daytime hours on weekdays, and mostly hourly on Saturdays. No evening or Sunday service is operated.
Railroads.
Jackson is served by the Canadian National Railway (formerly the Illinois Central Railroad). The Kansas City Southern Railway also serves the city. The Canadian National has a medium-sized yard downtown which Mill Street parallels and the Kansas City Southern has a large classification yard in Richland. Amtrak, the national passenger rail system, provides service to Jackson. The Amtrak station is located at 300 West Capitol Street. Amtrak's southbound City of New Orleans provides service from Jackson to New Orleans and some points between. The northbound City of New Orleans provides service from Jackson to Memphis, Carbondale, Champaign-Urbana, Chicago and some points between. Efforts to establish service with another Amtrak train, the Crescent Star, an extension of the Crescent westward from Meridian, Mississippi to Dallas, Texas, failed in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9890479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890479" title="Tubuai – Mataura Airport">
Tubuai – Mataura Airport

Tubuai – Mataura Airport is an airport on Tubuai in French Polynesia . The airport is 4.8 km southwest of the village of Mataura.

</doc>
<doc id="9890484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890484" title="The Wages of Sin (film)">
The Wages of Sin (film)

The Wages of Sin was a 1929 drama film directed, written and produced by Oscar Micheaux. It was a race movie, featuring an all-black cast, headed by William A. Clayton, Jr. and Bessie Givens. It is considered lost.

</doc>
<doc id="9890496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890496" title="Orissa Steelers">
Orissa Steelers

The Orissa Steelers are the winners of the Premier Hockey League 2007, India's only national league level Field Hockey tournament. The originally proposed name for the team was Rourkela Steelers after the city which is said to be the Hockey Capital of Orissa.
They participated in the tournament for the first time in 2006, when it had two tiers. They won the First Division (the other was Premier Division) title that year. In 2007, the two-tier system was replaced by a single-tier system in PHL, and Orissa Steelers was admitted as one of the seven teams. The others were Hyderabad Sultans, Maratha Warriors, Sher-e-Jalandhar, Chandigarh Dynamos, Chennai Veerans, and Bangalore Lions.
Orissa Steelers went on to win 10 of their 12 matches in the league level to top the table. In the best-of-three finals, they won the title and the prize money of Rs 4 million by beating Sher-e-Jalandhar twice while losing to them once. Dilip Tirkey, the captain of the Orissa Steelers, who also leads Indian national Hockey team, was awarded player of the tournament in PHL 2007.
Team in PHL 2007.
Players
Officials
Performance in 2007.
League Level
Matches: 12; Won: 10; Lost: 2; Goals For: 29; Goals Against: 12; Points: 28; Position in League Table: No 1
Results At A Glance in 2007.
League Level
Finals

</doc>
<doc id="9890497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890497" title="Ua Huka Airport">
Ua Huka Airport

Ua Huka Airport is an airport on Ua Huka in French Polynesia . The airport is 2.2 km southwest of the village of Hane.

</doc>
<doc id="9890527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890527" title="Roy Horan">
Roy Horan

Roy Horan III (born January 1, 1950), is an American actor and martial artist. Horan is perhaps best known as Lewis in 1981 martial arts film "Game of Death II", and Priest/Russian in 1978 martial arts film "Snake in the Eagle's Shadow".
Personal life.
Family.
Horan was married to Christina Horan on December 20, 1981, they had two daughters.
Horan's daughter Celina Jade made her film debut in 2008's "Legendary Assassin" along with Tai Chi Boxer and Fatal Contact film star Wu Jing.
History and early career.
Acting.
Horan made his film debut in the 1976 movie "Bruce Lee's Secret" as Charlie. Horan went on to play Tolstoy in the 1977 film "Snuff Bottle Connection", and the Russian priest in the 1978 film "Snake in the Eagle's Shadow" along with Jackie Chan and Hwang Jang Lee.
In 1980s, Horan appeared as Lewis in the 1981 film "Game of Death II" along with Tong Lung and Hwang Jang Lee. Horan also directed in the 1981 documentary "Art of High Impact Kicking". Horan played American Consular in 1987 film "No Retreat, No Surrender 2", along with Hwang Jang Lee, Loren Avedon, Matthias Hues, Max Thayer and Cynthia Rothrock, which he also wrote and produced.
Final film and retirement from acting.
In 1991, Horan retired from acting at the age of 41, after final film "Shanghai 1920". Horan is currently teaching as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Roy is the Founder and CEO of Innovea Ltd., a company that trains/consults in higher-order thinking, including creative and mindful approaches for enhancing performance and well-being. He also tackles social emotional learning for learning disabled children and trains others to develop an environmentally-friendly mindset. Now, an adjunct assistant professor at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University’s School of Design, he continues his previous work as both a teacher and researcher developing innovative approaches to design thinking. Roy formulated the Ocean Model which combines empirical studies of creativity and intelligence with Eastern philosophical concepts on the same. He conducted electrophysiological studies on the neuropsychological relationship between creativity and meditation and investigated the problem of creativity assessment, for which he developed the Creative Momentum Model, a tool for assessing creative achievement. Roy also designed new psychometric instruments for meausuring core competencies (Integral Psychological Profile), creative potential (Information Boundaries Recognition Test; Unusual Gratitude), stress/resilience profile (StressQuest).

</doc>
<doc id="9890532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890532" title="Ua Pou Airport">
Ua Pou Airport

Ua Pou Airport is an airport on Ua Pou in French Polynesia . The airport is 11 km northwest of the village of Hakahau.

</doc>
<doc id="9890538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890538" title="Direct participation program">
Direct participation program

Direct participation program (or direct participation plan or direct investment, abbreviated DPP) is a financial security that enables investors to participate in a business venture's cash flow and taxation benefits. The term originates from the Securities Act of 1933 and NASD Rule 2810, which addresses the regulation of compensation, fees and expenses in public offerings of DPPs.
Direct participation programs are most commonly formed to invest in real estate, energy, futures & options, and equipment leasing projects. A DPP is typically organized as a limited partnership or limited liability company, structures that enable the income and losses of the entity to flow-through to the underlying taxpayer on a pre-tax basis. As such, the DPP pays no tax at the corporate level. An investor's stake in the DPP is quantified in units and may be referred to as their interest. A non-listed real estate investment trust enjoys a special tax-free status if its distribution of income is sufficient, and as such may be organized as a corporation without being subject to double taxation.
The Investment Program Association (www.ipa.com) is the U.S. trade association dedicated to the advancement of the asset class and the Real Estate Investment Association (www.reisa.org) provides education, networking and advocacy for members.
DPPs typically use a much wider, intermediary-dominated distribution network than other alternative investment funds. Broker/dealers have alternative investment platforms that include these funds and are paid commissions for their role in distribution and servicing. The compliance and operational aspects of sponsoring these funds are more complicated due to the involvement of retail investors and the payment of trailing commissions. DPP Transfer Agents provide outsourcing services to support IT and administrative functions.
DPP securities are generally not traded publicly, so the value of a DPP product is determined by the performance of the underlying assets rather than by the public markets. DPP products are generally illiquid for their duration, although some limited secondary markets may exist.

</doc>
<doc id="9890546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890546" title="Lauren van Oosten">
Lauren van Oosten

Lauren van Oosten (born November 17, 1978 in Nanaimo, British Columbia) is a Canadian swimmer and a member of the Olympic swimming team for Canada.
Biography.
She is originally from Nanaimo, British Columbia and is of Dutch heritage. 
She grew up and learned to swim in Nanaimo, B.C. before moving to the national training centre at the University of Calgary in Calgary, Alberta.
Lauren has been an integral part of the National Swim Team since 1997. Since then she has won a total of 9 international medals (bronze, silver and gold) and has set two Canadian records, one (200 m breaststroke) that still stands and one (100 m breaststroke) that lasted for six years (1998–2004). She attributes much of her success to her coach, Jan Bidrman.
Her first international meet was the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Fukuoka, Japan in August 1997. There she came from sixth place to third in the final 50 metres of the 200 m breaststroke race to win a bronze medal. This incredible performance qualified her for the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, Western Australia, Australia. At this World Championships Lauren swam a best time, set a Canadian record and won a bronze medal in the 100 m breaststroke with a time of 1:08:66.
From there she went to the 1998 Commonwealth Games that summer. This meet awarded her a silver medal (4*100 m medley relay) and 2 bronze medals (100 m breaststroke, 200 m breaststroke).
The 1999 Pan American Games were held in Winnipeg, Manitoba, from 23 July to 8 August 1999. Lauren medaled in all the events she entered which included 100 m breaststroke (Gold), 200 m breaststroke (Bronze), and 4*100 m medley relay (Silver).
Lauren had a major disappointment when she didn’t make the Olympic team in 2000. Up until this point she had been ranked first in Canada, but was only able to manage a 5th place finish at Olympic trials.
She also didn’t make the World Championships team in 2001 or the Commonwealth Games team in 2002. She was in a nasty slump and fading out of the Canadian swimming picture. However the 2003 season proved to be a come back year for van Oosten.
She qualified and race at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Spain where she swam 100 m and 200 m breaststroke.
Then in November 2003, at Canadian Open in Quebec City, Quebec, Lauren van Oosten broke a 10-year-old national record in the women’s 200 m breaststroke to highlight the third day of competition, with a time of 2:25.47.
Following that she broke her Canadian record, only two months later, at the World Cup swimming competitions in East Meadow, New York. She won a bronze medal in the 200 m and set a new time of 2:24.92.
In August 2004, Lauren was disappointed with her races at the Olympics, compared to her performance at Olympic trials. At the 2004 Olympic Games, she competed in the 100 m breaststroke (11th place), 200 m breaststroke (13th place) and the 4*100 m medley relay (11th place). Although she had thought she would retire after the Olympics, she felt that she had more in her and wasn’t ready to retire just yet.
Early in 2005, she was hospitalized for pneumonia and was thought to be severely over trained. This proved to be quite a setback as it took her till the end of August to even be able to start training again. She had two and a half months to go from not training at all to being ready to win at Commonwealth Games trials. She did just that with a gold medal win in the 100 m breaststroke, qualifying her for the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia. There Lauren won a bronze medal in the 4*100 m medley relay.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9890555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890555" title="Quang Trung Software Park, Ho Chi Minh City">
Quang Trung Software Park, Ho Chi Minh City

Quang Trung Software Park (), also known as Quang Trung Software City, is a business park in District 12 of Ho Chi Minh City, approximately from District 1. The park focuses on the computer software industry, hosting a number of software companies and schools such as the Saigon Institute of Technology. Established by government decree in June 2000, it officially began operations on 16 March 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9890612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890612" title="Arnissa">
Arnissa

Arnissa (; , "Ostrovo", before 1926: Όστροβον - "Ostrovon") is a town in the Pella regional unit of Macedonia, Greece. It is located near the Lake Vegoritida and Mount Kaimakchalan and is the seat of the Vegoritida Municipality. It has a population of 1,550 (as of 2001).
History.
The Battle of Ostrovo was fought near the town in 1041. In 1845 the Russian Slav scholar notes Ostrovo as a nice village situated near a lake and populated by Bulgarians and Turks.

</doc>
<doc id="9890626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890626" title="Tuncurry, New South Wales">
Tuncurry, New South Wales

Tuncurry is a coastal town in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, in the Great Lakes Council LGA, about north north east of Sydney. It is immediately adjacent to its twin town of Forster, which is the larger of the two towns.
At the 2011 census, the Forster-Tuncurry area had a population of 18,904 people. This number grows considerably in the tourist season. The population of Tuncurry alone was 5,800.
History.
The first land grant in this area was in 1875. The settlement was originally called North Shore and then North Forster and was renamed Tuncurry meaning "plenty of fish" in 1891 and then proclaimed a village in 1893.
The area was well known in the early days for its timber cutting and sawmills. Timber was collected from the lakes and rivers by the logpunts (droghers).
A bridge over the Coolongolook River that marks the entrance to Wallis Lake was built in 1959 linking Forster and Tuncurry and replacing the punt service that had operated since 1890.
Tourism.
Because of its close driving proximity to Sydney, Forster-Tuncurry has established itself as a popular summer holiday destination, where in the hotter months, the population swells considerably. The school holidays in the colder months also bring large numbers of holidaymakers.
Tuncurry's Nine Mile Beach is a popular swimming, surfing and fishing spot. Tuncurry Rockpool is a shark netted swimming enclosure, formed by breakwalls which mark the entrance to Wallis Lake. Tuncurry's lakefront areas are characterised by wharves and jetties which provide anchorage for fishing boats and pleasure craft.
The region's local cinema, Great Lakes Cinema 3, is based on the Tuncurry side of the bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="9890645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890645" title="Halcyon Days (Bruce Hornsby album)">
Halcyon Days (Bruce Hornsby album)

Halcyon Days is the eighth studio album by American singer and pianist Bruce Hornsby. The album, recorded with his touring band the Noisemakers, was released in 2004. It was Hornsby's first release with Columbia Records. One song, "What The Hell Happened", has been described as a rare example of the use of bitonality in a pop piece.
The album marked a return to a more acoustic, piano-driven sound that reviewers described as "pure Hornsby". Guests included Sting, Elton John and Eric Clapton. The tracks "Gonna Be Some Changes Made," "Candy Mountain Run," "Dreamland," and "Circus On The Moon" became concert staples, each showcasing the diversity of Hornsby's improvisations and the Noisemakers' live sound. Notably, "Halcyon Days" also includes a suite of solo piano songs—"What The Hell Happened," "Hooray For Tom," and "Heir Gordon"—which all have a "Randy Newman pastiche." Although the album was markedly less-risk-taking than "Big Swing Face", it would be well-received as a "winning balance of [Hornsby's] tuneful and adventurous sides."
"Gonna Be Some Changes Made" was used in several Lowe's commercials from 2006.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bruce Hornsby.

</doc>
<doc id="9890652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890652" title="Saeed Ahmad Akhtar">
Saeed Ahmad Akhtar

Saeed Ahmad Akhtar is an Urdu poet, playwright and educationist. He came up with his 1st Urdu poetry collection “Diyaar e Shab” in 1976. It was the best selling book of the year and got many awards including the "Abbasin Arts Council Award" for the best book of the year. He has published 12 Urdu poetry collections and one English poetry collection so far. All his books sold out like hot cakes. He has also written many plays and documentaries for Pakistan television and Radio Pakistan.
He was born on March 3, 1933 in Pishin, Pakistan. He did his masters in English Literature from Peshawar University in 1958 and then masters in Urdu Literature from the same University in 1965. After working as a lecturer and professor of English in the provincial Education Department since 1954, he joined the West Pakistan Civil Service in 1968 as Assistant Political Officer. He served in many Districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as Assistant Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner and Additional Commissioner for 22 years, he retired in 1990.
He belongs to Kulachi Khyber Pukhtunkhwa and is permanently settled in Dera Ismail Khan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Poetry, music and educational social work have been the passion of his life. "Love for all and hatred for none" has been the moving forces of his life. He remained a member of syndicate and selection board of the Gomal University for years. Saeed Ahmad Akhtar has participated in various symposia in Pakistan and abroad.He died on 20th of August 2013.
Literary contributions

</doc>
<doc id="9890665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890665" title="List of power companies of Turkey">
List of power companies of Turkey

This is a list of electric power companies in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="9890669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890669" title="MAH">
MAH

MAH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9890679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890679" title="Peter Allen (disambiguation)">
Peter Allen (disambiguation)

Peter Allen (1944–1992) was an Australian songwriter and singer.
Peter or Pete Allen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9890681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890681" title="Hunts Point Riverside Park">
Hunts Point Riverside Park

Hunts Point Riverside Park is a riverside park located in the South Bronx, New York City. It is the first new riverside park to be built in the area in over sixty years, and is the first of a planned series of parks to be linked by a bike route to create the South Bronx Greenway. 
Ground was broken July 19, 2004, on a US$ 3.2 million project to convert a vacant lot used as an illegal dumping ground into a park.
Before the planned park project, the site was an abandoned lot that was once part of a defunct Robert Moses era bridge project. Majora carter spearheaded the development of this park. 

</doc>
<doc id="9890694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890694" title="List of Russian aircraft losses in the Second Chechen War">
List of Russian aircraft losses in the Second Chechen War

The following is an incomplete list of Russian aircraft losses in the Second Chechen War. It includes both helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft.
The general Russian aircraft losses 1999–2002 consisted of about 45 helicopters (23 Mi-8, 16 Mi-24, three Mi-26 and three others) and 11 fixed-wing aircraft (four Su-24 fighter-bombers and seven Su-25 ground-attack aircraft).
1999.
In a different accident in the same day a Russian border guards Mi-8 suffered tail separation on take-off in Dagestan. Three crew members were injured – status unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9890699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890699" title="Video standards converter">
Video standards converter

Video standards converter is a video device that converts NTSC to PAL and/or PAL to NTSC.
The PAL TV signals may be transcoded to or from SECAM.
Video standards converter is used so TV shows can be viewed in nations with different video standards.
Main Page see Television standards conversion
History.
Converters are needed because NTSC uses 30 frames (pictures) per second and PAL uses 25 frames per second.
First video standards converters were Analog. That is a special Professional video camera that used a Video camera tube would be pointed at a Cathode ray tube video monitor. Both the Camera and the monitor could be switched to either NTSC or PAL, to convert both ways. Robert Bosch GmbH's Fernseh Division made a large three rack analog video standards converter. These were the high end converters of the 1960s and 1970s. Image Transform in Universal City, CA used the Fernseh converter and in the 1980s made their own a custom digital converter. This was also a larger 3 rack device. As digital memory size became larger in smaller packages converters became the size of a microwave oven. Today one can buy a very small converter for home use!

</doc>
<doc id="9890700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890700" title="Thủ Thiêm New Urban Area">
Thủ Thiêm New Urban Area

The Thủ Thiêm New Urban Area (Khu đô thị mới Thủ Thiêm) is an urban project in District 2, Ho Chi Minh City (the largest city in Vietnam). It is currently under construction.
Location.
The urban area is situated in District 2, by the Saigon River, opposite the downtown areas of District 1, District 7, and the Bình Thạnh District. It also borders District 9 of the city.
Urban layout.
The urban area covers an area of 7 square kilometres and consists of several sections: residences, pools, parks and office sections. Almost all buildings here are to be of 10 to 40-story. Once completed, this new urban area will replace District 1 as the city's center. This new urban area is connected with the existing downtown with several bridges and a 6-lane tunnel.
Schedule and investment.
The project is being carried out in stages, and is scheduled to be completed in 15 years, depending on the investment capital. Priority is given to the infrastructure investors with favorable assistance for the city government as well as preferential taxation.

</doc>
<doc id="9890701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890701" title="1924 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1924 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1924 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 19th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. The tournament was, for the second straight year, divided into the America and Europe Zones. 17 teams competed in the Europe Zone, and 6 in America. China, Cuba, Hungary, Mexico, and New Zealand all competed for the first time, and South Africa and Austria returned to create the largest field to date.
For the second straight year, Australia defeated France in the Inter-Zonal play-off, but once again fell to the United States in the challenge round. The final was played at the Germantown Cricket Club in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States on 11–13 September. 

</doc>
<doc id="9890708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890708" title="Cosmic Vision">
Cosmic Vision

The Cosmic Vision is the paraphrasing name given to the roadmap for scientific space based missions of the European Space Agency (ESA) in the time frame between 2015 and 2025. There are currently four selected missions of the programme; Solar Orbiter, Euclid, JUICE and PLATO.
The initial call of ideas and concepts was launched in 2004 with a subsequent workshop held in Paris to define more fully the themes of the Vision under the broader headings of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Solar System Exploration and Fundamental Physics.
By early 2006 the formulation for a 10-year plan based around 4 key questions emerged:
In March 2007 a call for mission ideas was formally released, which yielded in 19 astrophysics, 12 fundamental physics and 19 solar system mission proposals.
In March 2012 ESA announced it has began working on a series of small science missions. The first winning "S Class" idea is set to receive 50 million euros (£42m) and will be readied for launch in 2017.
Large missions (L).
Originally it was intended that L-class projects were to be carried out in collaboration with other partners and should have an ESA cost not exceeding 900 million euros. However, in April 2011 it became clear that budget pressures in the US meant that an expected collaboration with NASA on the L1 mission would not be practical; so the down-selection was delayed and the missions re-scoped on the assumption of ESA lead with some limited international participation.
The first large mission has been selected:
In the final round, JUICE had two competitors for L1, the gravitational wave observatory NGO (heritage from LISA) and the x-ray observatory ATHENA (heritage from IXO and XEUS).
Medium-size missions (M).
M-class projects will usually be relatively stand-alone ESA projects. The two first M-class missions, M1 and M2, were selected in October 2011:
The third M-class mission, M3, was selected on 19 February 2014: Candidates included EChO, LOFT, MarcoPolo-R, PLATO, and STE-QUEST.
Small missions (S).
S-class missions are intended to have a cost to ESA not exceeding 50 million euros. A first call for mission proposals was issued in March 2012. Approximately 70 letters of Intent were received. In October 2012 the first S-class mission was selected:
Missions of Opportunity.
Occasionally ESA makes contributions to space missions led by another space agency. There is currently one candidate for such a mission of opportunity within Cosmic Vision:

</doc>
<doc id="9890715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890715" title="Tibia (gastropod)">
Tibia (gastropod)

"Tibia" is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks. This genus was traditionally considered to be part of the family Strombidae, the true conchs and their allies. However, recent morphological as well as molecular studies indicate that these ("shinbone shells") should be recognised as a separate family, the Rostellariidae, and this is the way they are treated in the database WoRMS.
The recent species belong to three distinct genera, but several more genera are known from the fossil record. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Tibia" include:
Note:
Related genera.
Genus "Rostellariella"
Genus "Rimellopsis"

</doc>
<doc id="9890727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890727" title="Lose All Time">
Lose All Time

Lose All Time is the second album from Vancouver's You Say Party (formerly You Say Party! We Say Die!) and the first for their new label Paper Bag Records who released it on March 20, 2007.
"Downtown Mayors Goodnight, Alley Kids Rule!" reached #1 on CBC Radio 3's "R3-30" chart the week of June 7, 2007.
The vinyl release of Lose All Time was released by Paper Bag Records in July 2007. There were only 300 copies in Europe and 300 copies in North America ever produced.

</doc>
<doc id="9890732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890732" title="Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in the UK">
Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in the UK

The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in the UK or CILT (UK) is a Professional body representing people who work in the fields of Logistics and Transport in the United Kingdom. It is the UK National Council of CILT International.
History.
The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport (CILT) International, formerly The Chartered Institute of Transport, was formed in 1919 and was granted its Royal Charter in 1926. 
Growth of its overseas sections led to a restructuring in 1994 under which 10 national councils were established in various parts of the world. The Institute operates as a co-ordinating body and custodian of the Royal Charter. The Chartered Institute of Transport in the UK (CIT UK) was formed as the United Kingdom National Council and is the largest national council with over half the total worldwide membership of CILT. In 1999 the former Institute of Logistics and Transport (ILT) took over from CIT UK as the UK National Council. 
In April 2004 the Institute's membership voted in favour of ILT adopting the word 'Chartered' into its title. In May 2004 the Institute officially became 'The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in the UK'. All National Councils are effectively 'chartered' through their membership of CILT and are represented on its governing Council. CILT continues to hold the Royal Charter under the authority of the (UK) Privy Council. Subject to certain qualifications, individual members of any National Council hold chartered status under the authority of this Royal Charter.
Membership.
Grades.
Membership of the Institute is graded according to seniority. In general, all Members are allowed to access Institute resources, only those of MILT (Member) and above are entitled to vote or use post-nominal letters.
Student Affiliate.
Student Affiliate members are mainly undergraduate and postgraduate students who may or may not be studying for qualifications in transport. In recent years, CILT (UK) has focused its marketing of Student Membership on use of their extensive library service. In contrast to, the Chartered Institution of Highways and Transportation, who offer free Student Membership, CILT (UK) charges (currently (2012) £25 a year), but offers a package of benefits, including the library service, which it feels justifies the fee.
Affiliate.
Affiliate Membership is available to anyone, with no specific criteria for relevant education or experience in the industry. It is considered a first step towards gaining Chartered status.
Member (MILT).
Upon attaining a given level of experience, an Affiliate may apply for full Membership, entitling them to vote and use the letters MILT. This requires demonstration of an appropriate combination of education and experience.
Chartered Member (CMILT).
Chartered Membership is the Institute's senior professional grade of membership. Only professional bodies that have been granted the Royal Charter can award chartered membership, such as: Chemical, Electrical, Civil and Mechanical Engineers; Certified, Chartered, Public Finance Accountants; and Surveyors. CILT's Chartership is of equivalent standing to these, and applying for it requires demonstrating achievement of educational attainment, professional competence and Continuing Professional Development to a panel. A Chartered Member is awarded the post-nominal letters CMILT.
Fellow (FCILT).
Fellows of the Institute are people who have demonstrated a significant level of experience and competence, and often are people highly regarded in their organisations or in the industry as a whole. Any Chartered Member who meets the criteria for Fellowship may apply to a panel, with their application supported by three current Fellows.
Corporate Member.
The Institute also operates a Corporate Membership scheme, whereby individuals within the company can elect to receive materials such as the Institute's magazine.
Structure.
Central Organisation.
The Institute is based in Corby, Northamptonshire, in the former offices of the Institute of Logistics. It has a central structure which supports the regional and sectoral activities.
Sectors.
The Institute's activities revolve around eight sectors in the logistics and transport industries, these are:
Nations & Regions.
Led by the Nations and Regions Consultative Committee, the Institute operates a Regional structure to organise events and other activities on a more local basis. The Nations and Regions are:
The English regions are organised to line up with the Regions of England, with North East encompassing North East and Yorkshire & Humber regions, the South East region split between Southern Home Counties and South East, and the East of England region split between Northern Home Counties and Eastern regions.
Many of the regions are split into local groups, many of which are the original CIT Sections, and these organise events in those specific areas.
Activities.
Events.
The Institute runs over 200 events a year, covering a large variety of topics within the logistics and transport sectors, and aimed at a wide range of audiences, from the general public to students, professionals with various interests, Fellows and those in senior positions in industry and Government.
Events cover lectures, discussions, conferences and visits.
Qualifications.
Introductory.
CILT(UK) Supply Chain Awareness Award.
The course provides the underpinning knowledge of logistics theory and the application of this theory to the movement of goods and people. It is ideal as an introduction to study or induction course. Candidates can continue with full qualification at a later date (maximum 2 years)
The Supply Chain Awareness Award is assessed by either examination or competence. The general requirement of assessment is the same, whatever assessment method is used. This is that evidence must be provided of the successful achievement of all the outcomes of effective performance and of the required underpinning knowledge and understanding for the relevant unit(s). Assessment will be based on a qualitative judgment of the candidate’s against each of the declared Indicators of Successful 
Performance. Quantitative (numerical) marking will only be used for multi-choice examinations. 
The Supply Chain Awareness Award is aligned to steps 1, 2 and 3 in the Skills for Logistics Professional Development Stairway for Logistics.
CILT(UK) Level 2 Introductory Certificate in Logistics and Transport.
The course provides the underpinning knowledge of logistics theory and the application of this theory to the movement of goods and people for new entry candidates. It provides an introduction to the concept of logistics and integrated supply chain management and establishes the context in which the component sectors operate.
The Introductory Certificate is assessed by either examination or competence. The general requirement of assessment is the same, whatever assessment method is used. This is that evidence must be provided of the successful achievement of all the outcomes of effective performance and of the required underpinning knowledge and understanding for the relevant unit(s). Assessment will be based on a qualitative judgment of the candidate’s against each of the declared Indicators of Successful Performance. Quantitative (numerical) marking will only be used for multi-choice examinations. However, all assessment routes must include an element of testing and marking by the CILT(UK) to meet QCA requirements for independent assessment.
The Introductory Certificate is aligned to steps 3, 4 and 5 in the Skills for Logistics Professional Development Stairway for Logistics.
First Line Management.
CILT(UK) Level 3 Certificate in Logistics and Transport.
The qualification is designed to provide a sound foundation for a career within the transport, logistics and supply chain sectors and aims to equip existing and potential supervisors and first-line managers with a complete set of management skills. It covers the detail of the specialist technical areas within logistics and transport, plus a generic management unit. 
Candidates who successfully achieve the core Management unit, plus one of the optional units of Road Freight Transport, Road Passenger Transport or Transport Coordination, by the examination route, and with an average grade across both papers of 60%, will automatically be eligible for the National and International Certificate of Professional Competence (CPC). Note: the Transport Co-ordination unit only offers National CPC exemption due to the lack of international content within this unit.
The Certificate provides the educational standard for full membership of the Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport (MILT).
The qualification offers two different routes for assessment: competency and examination. The examination route is appropriate for new or first-line managers, aspiring first-line supervisors, or career changers. The competency route is appropriate for experienced supervisors, or first-line managers.
The Certificate is aligned to steps 5, 6 and 7 in the Skills for Logistics Professional Development Stairway for Logistics.
CILT(UK)/Fritz Certification in Humanitarian Logistics.
A unique qualification designed for logisticians who work (or aspire to work) in a humanitarian organisation’s logistics functional area. The development of this qualification has been a collaborative venture between a number of humanitarian organisations, the Fritz Institute, based in the United States and the CILT(UK). It is designed to allow candidates to demonstrate their ability to manage the logistics support operations vital to ensuring that humanitarian agencies can respond appropriately to the needs of the beneficiaries.
The qualification covers the detail of the specialist technical areas within a humanitarian aid scenario:
The qualification is studied by the competency route. Each unit is assessed for competence by the production of evidence that meets the criteria of the qualification and demonstrates each candidate's ability to perform at this level.
The Certification in Humanitarian Logistics is aligned to steps 7 and 8 in the Skills for Logistics Professional Development Stairway for Logistics.
Operational Management.
CILT(UK) Level 5 Professional Diploma in Logistics and Transport.
The CILT(UK) Professional Diploma is a free-standing Level 5 qualification, designed for individuals working within the logistics and transport profession. It is aimed typically at candidates aspiring to middle management positions in specialist functional areas such as Supply Chain Management, Transport Planning, and Transport Operations. The Professional Diploma is also a suitable level of qualification for graduates in other disciplines entering the logistics and transport profession for the first time
A professional qualification for those individuals already working within logistics and transport who wish to develop a strategic view of logistics and transport operations and to become capable of reviewing operational activities.
The Professional Diploma provides the educational standard for full membership of the Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport (MILT).
The CILT(UK) Professional Diploma can be assessed by either examination or competency and requires candidates to demonstrate their underpinning knowledge and understanding of particular logistics and transport subjects; and their ability to successfully complete tasks in a logistics and transport environment.
The examination route is suitable for graduates (or equivalent) newly recruited to logistics and transport careers.
The competency route is suitable for experienced managers in specialist functional areas.
The Professional Diploma is aligned to steps 8 and 9 in the Skills for Logistics Professional Development Stairway for Logistics.
Strategic Management Qualifications.
CILT(UK) Level 6 Advanced Diploma in Logistics and Transport.
The Advanced Diploma bridges the gap between the undergraduate level of the Professional Diploma and the postgraduate standard of a Master’s Degree. It is designed to develop knowledge and understanding of strategic issues, tools and techniques. It provides the educational requirement for Chartered Membership of the Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport (CMILT).
The CILT(UK) Advanced comprises five compulsory units, which consist of a number of elements. The five compulsory units are:
The CILT(UK) Level 6 Advanced Diploma in Logistics and Transport can be assessed through two routes:
The Professional Diploma is aligned to steps 9 and 10 in the Skills for Logistics Professional Development Stairway for Logistics.

</doc>
<doc id="9890733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890733" title="Gary Glen">
Gary Glen

Gary Glen (born 22 March 1990 in Livingston, West Lothian) is a Scottish professional football forward, who currently plays for Ross County. He previously played for Heart of Midlothian.
Career.
Hearts.
Glen, a former pupil of Broxburn Academy, joined Heart of Midlothian from their youth academy system in 2006. Glen aged 16 had a trial with Manchester United, but turned them down as he thought he was more likely to make it as a footballer with Hearts than with the Old Trafford club. Highly rated by the Hearts coaching staff, Glen earned his first involvement with the first team squad when he was an unused substitute in a league match at Motherwell on 5 March 2007. At the age of 16, Glen He made his senior debut as a substitute against Dundee United on 17 March 2007.
He began to feature more for the first team towards the end of the 2007/08 season, with his first start coming against St. Mirren at Tynecastle on 19 April 2008 scoreing his first senior goal to put Hearts in front as Hearts came back from a goal down to win 3–2. This led to Glen being awarded the Clydesdale Bank U19 Graduate award for his breakthrough to the first team. He continued his form with the only goal of the game in his second start against Inverness Caledonian Thistle on 26 April. In April 2008 he signed a new four year contract extending his stay until the summer of 2012.
On 3 May 2008 edition of 'Soccer AM', Glen and fellow Hearts youngster Matej Rapnik, appeared on the sub program, 'Skill Skool', where they went head-to-head in a battle of skill. On 14 May 2008 Glen picked up his first red card for kicking out at Gretna player Craig Barr during the last game of the season.
Glen was accused of lacking a good attitude toward his game by manager Csaba László and consequently failed to become a regular in the Hearts team during season 2008/09. He failed to make another first team appearance until 27 December 2008 appearing against Aberdeen as a substitute. On 11 January 2009, Glen came off the bench with 10 minutes remaining and scored a decisive 94th minute goal against Hibernian at Easter Road in the fourth round of the Scottish Cup to knock their city rivals out of the cup.
Glen became a regular starter for the Hearts first team in season 2009/10, under new manager Jim Jefferies who was confident of Glens ability despite suffering a Hernia injury. He scored his first goal of the new season against Dunfermline Athletic in the Co-operative Insurance League Cup on 23 September 2009. He made 20 appearances scoring twice that season.
Glen picked up a Hamstring injury in pre season and this and a serious of further injuries limited him to just 14 appearances the following season. Glen was offered to go on loan to Brechin to gain experience but he turned this down preferring to stay with Hearts.
In December 2011 with Hearts experiencing financial difficulty Glen was told that he was free to either find a new club in the January 2012 transfer window, or he would be released when his contract expires in summer 2012. He made his first appearance of the season after recovering from injury as a substitute on 7 January 2012 as a substitute against Auchinleck Talbot in the Scottish Cup. Glen scored his first goal of the season on 7 April 2012, in a 2-1 victory over Dunfermline. At the end of the season Hearts confirmed his contract had not been renewed and he left the club.
Ross County.
After leaving Hearts, Glen signed a one year contract with Ross County in June 2012. In his opening season, he managed to score three goals in twenty six appearances - the majority of them substitutions. His first came in the home game versus Dundee on the fifteenth of December where he equalised and made the game one all. His second didn't come until February the second where he again scored against Dundee, this time to make it 2-0 to the Staggies at Dens Park. His third and final goal of the season came against Aberdeen on the twenty-sixth of February, where he scored the winning goal at Pittodrie. 
At the end of the 2012-13 season, Glen was given a contract extension to stay at the club. Glen was released by Ross County on 16 May 2014 after finding his first team opportunities limited, just making fifteen appearance in the 2013-14 season.
Scotland youth.
He has featured for Scotland at youth team level, scoring against Northern Ireland and England in the 2005 Victory Shield. He went on to represent the Scotland under-19 team on five occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="9890742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890742" title="Sirivannavari Nariratana">
Sirivannavari Nariratana

Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana of Thailand (; ; ; Literally: "Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana, the Royal Granddaughter", born 8 January 1987—present) is a princess of Thailand and the only daughter of Crown Prince Maha Vajralongkorn and Sujarinee Vivacharawongse, who is commonly known as Yuvadhida Polpraserth.
Biography.
She was born "Mom Chao" Busyanambejra Mahidol (; ; RTGS: "Butnamphet Mahidon"), but later changed to "Mom Chao" Chakkrityapha Mahidol (), and once again to "Mom Chao" Sirivanvari Mahidol () upon order of Queen Sirikit.
She has four siblings:
After the separation of her parents, she moved to United Kingdom with her mother and brothers. However, she later was taken by her father from England and brought back to Thailand.
She was elevated to Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana by a royal command of her grandfather, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, on 15 June 2005. 
In 2009, she was ranked among the 20 hottest young royals in the world by "Forbes" magazine.
Education.
Princess Sirivannavari received her primary and secondary education at Chitralada School. She currently studies fashion and textile in the Faculty of Fine and Applied Art, Chulalongkorn University.
Personal life.
Princess Sirivannavari has many interests in the arts and sports. She represented Thailand in badminton in 2005 at 23rd South East Asian Games in the Philippines, following the footstep of her grandfather, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who represented his country in international sailing events, though she did not win any medals. 
In 2007, she was invited by Pierre Balmain, the French couturier, to present her fashion show in Paris. Her debut Paris collection was titled Presence of the Past, which drew on memories of her royal grandmother as well as giving a modern interpretation to traditional Thai costume. The following year, she presented her own fashion show in Paris.
In 2008 she was included as 16th on the list of the "20 Hottest Young Royals", compiled by "Forbes".

</doc>
<doc id="9890766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890766" title="Compressed fluid">
Compressed fluid

A compressed fluid (also called a subcooled fluid or subcooled liquid) is a fluid under mechanical and or thermodynamic conditions that force it to be a liquid. It is a liquid at a temperature lower than the saturation temperature at a given pressure. In a plot that compares absolute pressure and specific volume (commonly called a P-v diagram), of a real gas, a compressed fluid is to the left of the liquid-vapor phase boundary; that is, it will be to the left of the vapor dome.
Conditions that cause a fluid to be compressed include:
The term "compressed liquid" emphasizes that the pressure is greater than the saturation pressure for the given temperature. Compressed liquid properties are relatively independent of pressure. As such, it is usually acceptable to treat a compressed liquid as a saturated liquid at the given temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="9890781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890781" title="Christian Democrats for the Republic">
Christian Democrats for the Republic

The Christian Democrats for the Republic ("Cristiani Democratici per la Repubblica", CDR) was a Christian-democratic Italian political party.
The party was formed in February 1998 as a splinter group from the Christian Democratic Centre (CCD). Their leader was Clemente Mastella, until then President of that party.
In June 1998 CDR joined Francesco Cossiga, the United Christian Democrats (CDU) of Rocco Buttiglione, the Patto Segni of Mario Segni, the Liberal Party of Stefano De Luca and many spliters from Forza Italia, National Alliance and Lega Nord to form the Democratic Union for the Republic (UDR).
In February 1999, when UDR split between supporters of Cossiga and supporters of Mastella, the core of the former CDR entered in the new Union of Democrats for Europe (UDEUR).

</doc>
<doc id="9890799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890799" title="Mumbai Xpress">
Mumbai Xpress

Mumbai Xpress is a 2005 Hindi-language comedy film directed by Singeetham Sreenivasa Rao, starring Kamal Haasan, Manisha Koirala, Om Puri, Vijay Raaz, Ramesh Aravind and Sharat Saxena. The film is written by Kamal Haasan himself, while Saurabh Shukla handled the film's dialogues and Ilaiyaraaja composed the film's score and soundtrack. 
The film was a simultaneous make of the Tamil-language production "Mumbai Express" with a different starcast except the lead pair.
Plot.
Three amateur thieves plot to kidnap a wealthy person’s (Saurabh Shukla) son from the boy's school. They do a trial run. However on the eve of the kidnap, the guy whose job is to operate a crane in this plan is hospitalized. The services of Avinasi aka Mumbai Xpress (Kamal Haasan), a deaf stunt man performing daredevil bike acts is roped in. Twists and turns take place where the other two gang members are hurt and invariably Mumbai Xpress is left to perform the all tasks by himself. He kidnaps a wrong boy Daddu (Hardhik), the illegitimate son of Ahalya (Manisha Koirala) and police officer Rao (Om Puri), but manages to get a huge ransom from Mehta by default. A brawl takes place between the original kidnap planners-Digambar (Vijay Raaz), Johnson (Dinesh Lamba) and Avinasi in handling Ahalya’s child but Avinasi delivers the child unhurt to his mother. He secretly listen to Ahalya's tele-con with Rao where Rao wants to settle both the ransom and sever his ties with her. Ahalya pleads and coaxes him to help her get the ransom which Rao is willing to pay. The child takes a fancy to Avinasi and wants him to be the man in their life, and gets him to agree.Ahalaya wants either Rao’s or Mehta'a money which Avinasi is holding, whereas Avinasi is in love and wants to be that protective person. Rao appoints Mehta to handle the ransom and what follows is a series of mix-ups.
Production.
In October 2004, it was reported that Kamal Haasan had agreed to act in Singeetham Srinivasa Rao's next venture, a Tamil-Kannada bilingual comedy film titled "Mumbai Express". Kamal Haasan was set to fund the film and Crazy Mohan was approached to write the dialogues, though the writer later pulled out of the venture. Madhuri Dixit turned down the opportunity to star in the film, as did Tabu citing date problems. The film was officially announced on 8 November 2004, where Kamal Haasan revealed that the film would be made in Tamil and Hindi, with the former version also featuring Nassar, Pasupathy and Vaiyapuri while the latter would include Mahesh Manjrekar, Om Puri and Saurabh Shukla in its cast. The team faced further problems though trying to find a heroine for the film with Bipasha Basu and then Kajol also turning down the opportunity to star in the bilingual. Finally in mid November 2004, the team agreed terms with Manisha Koirala and the actress flew to Chennai to take part in a photo shoot. Tinnu Anand was initially chosen to play an insurance agent in the film, but he later pulled out and Ramesh Aravind, who played the role in the Tamil version replaced him. Vijay Raaz also subsequently replaced Manjrekar, while a ten year old boy, Hardhik Thakar, was also added to the cast.
During the making of the film, Kamal Haasan suffered a minor injury which resulted in severe bruising, though his co-passenger on the motorbike in the stunt escaped injury. The film was briefly delayed when Vijay Raaz became caught up in a drug scandal in Dubai. Sahara One bought the film's distribution rights in Hindi, while a Telugu version was also planned to be dubbed from the Tamil version of the film.
Release.
Even though the film won good reviews, it did not do well at the box-office with a reason claimed being that the cinematography was done experimentally with digital movie camera and mainly due to the Digital film implementation resulting in slight dark output which left the viewer uneasy. The film although widely considered a loss was a great victory technology wise in Indian cinema industry. As per " ibosnetwork ", India's leading Box-Office portal, "Mumbai Xpress" collected Rs.4 Crores in Hindi Belt alone.
National Award winning critic Baradwaj Rangan praised the movie in his review as "one of Kamal Haasan’s most tight-knit, most convoluted screenplays, where every pratfall, every pun, every preposterous moment seems to have been spat on, polished, and precisely positioned into an overall jigsaw pattern". He added that "Mumbai Xpress isn’t exactly an all-out comedy. Like "Pushpak", it’s the blues with belly laughs, a stack of serious issues coated with smiles." 

</doc>
