<doc id="9922060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922060" title="Anna Vissi (1981 album)">
Anna Vissi (1981 album)

Anna Vissi is the name of a self-titled album by Greek singer Anna Vissi. It is the first album with lifelong collaborator and companion Nikos Karvelas, who is credited under the alias "Nikos Leonardos". It was released in Greece and Cyprus in 1980 by EMI Greece. The album includes both original songs as well as several Greek covers of international hits. The album reached gold status.
Release.
The album was repackaged with the same cover in 1982 to include the bonus song "Mono I Agapi", which was the Cypriot entry for the 1982 Eurovision Song Contest sung by Vissi. 
The album appeared on compact disc for the first time in 2006 with the Minos EMI remastered edition named "4", since it was her fourth album. The re-release was prompted, once again, by Vissi's participation in Eurovision, this time for her entry in the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest. Previously the hit singles and other tracks of the album were available in CD format only via various compilations by Minos EMI. The 1982 Eurovision entry "Mono I Agapi" was also made available on CD in the CD single "Autostop/Mono I Agapi" released in February 2006.
All songs from the album were included in 2007 Anna Vissi box set "Back to Time (Complete EMI Years)" which charted on the Greek Albums Chart.
Music.
Composition is by Nikos Leonardos (Nikos Karvelas), Anna Vissi, and Afoi Tzavara. Lyrics are by Giannis Parios, Nikos Leonardos, and Anna Vissi.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9922069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922069" title="Lance Legree">
Lance Legree

Lance Legree (born December 22, 1977 in St. Stephen, South Carolina) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2001. He played college football at Notre Dame.

</doc>
<doc id="9922072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922072" title="Börringe Priory">
Börringe Priory

Börringekloster Castle (), formerly Börringe Priory (), is a castle built in 1763 on the ruins of a medieval Benedictine priory in Svedala, Scania, in southern Sweden.
Priory.
The priory was founded about 1150 under Eskil, Archbishop of Lund, for Benedictine monks. However, by 1231 Börringe Priory is mentioned in "Liber Census Daniae" as a nunnery located on the island of Byrdingø in Börringe Lake, on land which Valdemar II of Denmark had once set aside for hunting. The church was dedicated to the Virgin Mary, and the nunnery was later also known as St. Mary's Priory.
The building complex began small, but with the income from donations of money and rent properties, the priory was able to expand into three ranges attached to the church forming a four-sided enclosure to separate the nuns from the world. The nuns slept in the dormitory, another range contained a refectory and cellars, and a third was used for laywomen who lived in the priory, often the unmarried daughters or sisters of noble families who lived a religious life but were not strictly bound by the vows the nuns took. Occasionally, a widow exchanged her worldly goods for the opportunity to live out her life at the priory which provided room and board until her death. Housing these women was one source of income for the priory. Other income came from rent properties such as farms. While not specifically mentioned another common source of income was part of the tithes from nearby churches given by the Archdiocese of Lund for the maintenance of the nuns. Lastly the priory might also receive royal support in the form of rights to fishing grounds in Börringe Lake or landing rights for commerce over streams or rivers. 
The nunnery was rebuilt over several decades during the 14th century in the Gothic style out of brick. Religious leadership and the internal running of the community was the responsibility of the prioress, while a prior, often a local noble who paid for the privilege, was responsible for representing the nuns in worldly affairs.
The kingdom of Denmark became Lutheran in 1536 under Christian III, a staunch Protestant. All religious houses and their attendant income properties reverted to the crown for disposition. Börringe Priory was secularized the same year and became an estate which the king gave to the Brahe family with the condition that the former nuns were to be cared for, essentially a home for honourable and noble women. The entire archive was lost. The church was converted to a parish church for the village of Börringe. 
In 1551, the former priory estate passed to the nobleman Knud Gedde, and was apparently used as living quarters by tenant farmers. In 1582 it passed to Lady Görvel Sparre who ordered the conventual church demolished, and the materials to be used for the construction of a new parish church closer to the town, which was completed by 1587. The grave of Lady Else Brade from the former priory church was moved under the floor of the new parish church. Usable parts of the former conventual buildings were converted into a large manor house.
Castle.
At the beginning of the 16th century, Börringe was owned by Søren Norby, who together with the knight Jens Holgersen Ulfstand of Glimmingehus Castle, led the Danish navy to victory in several battles against Lübeck. 
When Scania became a Swedish province at the Treaty of Roskilde in 1658, Charles X of Sweden gave Bŏrringe Priory Manor to his illegitimate son, Gustaf Carlsson. Charles XI took the property and made it available to the General Governor of Scania, Count Gustaf Otto Stenbock. In 1682, Charles XI exchanged the estate for Herrevad Abbey with Otto Wilhelm von Königsmarck, son of Hans Christoff von Königsmarck, but in 1686, the estate reverted to the crown again. 
Börringe Parish was combined with Lemmeströ Parish in 1741. Both of the old churches were demolished and a new one constructed for the new joint Gustav Parish.
The Börringe Priory estate was bought by the Beck-Friis family in 1745. In 1763, the remaining manor house and structures were demolished and replaced by the present castle. In 1873 the present castle was expanded and renovated into its present appearance. The estate became a joint County (earldom) with Fiholm Castle in Södermanland in 1791 and the Swedish nobility title of Count was awarded to the new owners.
There are no remnants of the former priory to be seen, except for a few fragments from the monastic church now in the Börringe burial ground.
See also.
List of castles in Scania

</doc>
<doc id="9922074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922074" title="Lodin">
Lodin

Lodin is a character whose spirit is consulted in James MacPherson’s Ossian poem cycle.
Refer to Henry David Thoreau's "Life Without Principle" where he quotes with the Spirit of Lodin; "I look down from my height on nations, And they become ashes before me; Calm is my dwelling in the clouds, Pleasant are the great fields of my rest."

</doc>
<doc id="9922077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922077" title="Auctiva">
Auctiva

Auctiva is an eBay auction management system, founded in 1998 by Jeff Schlicht. Schlicht, a software engineer, wrote a program to automate the task of placing listings on eBay. After giving the software to friends and family who enjoyed the convenience it provided, he formed Auctiva, which is used by individuals and businesses attempting to conduct e-commerce through eBay.
Effective July 1, 2009, Auctiva will offer both free and fee-based services, including: free image hosting up to 1GB (about 10,000 images), auction gallery, auto-relisting, billing support, automatic seller-to-buyer e-mails, free picture uploads, scheduled listings, listing designer, supersizing pictures, and consignment support. Pricing plans range from free to $129.95 per month.
Auctiva participates in the eBay affiliate program. 

</doc>
<doc id="9922078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922078" title="Hinton (Amtrak station)">
Hinton (Amtrak station)

Hinton is an Amtrak station in Hinton, West Virginia, served by the "Cardinal". The station is a former Chesapeake and Ohio Railway depot, and is located in the Hinton Historic District.
Due to a bend in the adjacent New River, eastbound trains actually head southwest when passing the station (and vice versa).

</doc>
<doc id="9922080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922080" title="Mechanomyogram">
Mechanomyogram

The mechanomyogram (MMG) is the mechanical signal observable from the surface of a muscle when the muscle is contracted. At the onset of muscle contraction, gross changes in the muscle shape cause a large peak in the MMG. Subsequent vibrations are due to oscillations of the muscle fibres at the resonance frequency of the muscle. The mechanomyogram is also known as the phonomyogram, acoustic myogram, sound myogram or vibromyogram.
Signal characteristics.
The MMG is a low frequency vibration that may be observed when a muscle is contracted using suitable measuring techniques.
Measurement techniques.
It can be measured using an accelerometer or a microphone placed on the skin over the belly of the muscle. When measured using a microphone is may be termed the acoustic myogram.
Uses.
The MMG may provide a useful alternative to the electromyogram (EMG) for monitoring muscle activity. It has a higher signal-to-noise ratio than the surface EMG and thus can be used to monitor muscle activity from deeper muscles without using invasive measurement techniques.
It is currently the subject of research activity into prosthetic control and assistive technologies for the disabled.
History.
Muscle sounds were first described in print by the Jesuit scientist Francesco Maria Grimaldi in a posthumous publication of 1665, which influenced the work of the English physician William Hyde Wollaston and the German physicist Paul Erman. The latter enlisted the aid of René Laennec. Mechanical amplification was first employed by Hermann von Helmholtz. The past two centuries of repeated rediscovery and neglect of the phenomenon were summarised by Stokes and Blythe in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9922107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922107" title="Wasatch Junior High">
Wasatch Junior High

Wasatch Junior High is a school in the Granite School District in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States.
Wasatch Fire.
On July 11, 2005, a six-alarm fire destroyed the Wasatch Junior High building. At 12:30 pm the fire alarm went off and the principal, Doug Bingham, discovered that the source of the fire was an old computer server in the media center. More than 100 firefighters fought the fire with six to eight fire trucks. The fire quickly spread to the attic, making what was a three-alarm fire, a six-alarm. The fire what so powerful and forceful that firefighters had to fight it from the outside. Doug Bingham said, "It's just a building, but a building is a place where people are invested in each other's lives, and this one is toast." The Granite District has accepted a 15.9 million dollar settlement to rebuild Wasatch. The proposed time for the full reconstruction of the building was fall of 2008.
Wasatch and Churchill Junior High.
After the 6-alarm fire, the Granite School District decided to build a new Wasatch Junior High, but during that time, Wasatch students needed to share a facility with Churchill Junior High. The Wasatch students have moved to their new school for the 2008-09 year.
School Choice.
Wasatch has many advanced classes. In addition Drama for beginning, intermediate, and advanced classes are offered; Concert Band, Concert Orchestra and Jazz Ensemble are also offered, and have gotten superior ratings for the past 21 years at all music festivals.
Wasatch is ranked as one of the highest schools in the state in education; According to U-Pass test scores, In 2005 Wasatch tested highest in the state on the Iowa Basic Test for the 8th grade; in addition, Wasatch CRT scores are also above the state average; in 2006, 9th grade students tested 97% in language arts, 97% in geometry, and 95% in biology, while the states averages were 81% for language arts, 70% in geometry, and 66% in biology.
Wasatch has many extra-curricular activities. It has many clubs such as Academic games (which in the 2007 season has made it to the national final and won in 2010-2011 year), Community of Caring, Cheerleading, Debate Club, Math Counts, Spanish Club, Student Body Officers, and more.
Academics.
Wasatch Junior High has a variety of different extra-curricular academic activities after school, such as the Academic Games, Math Counts, Mesa, and Wasatch Leadership Team (WLT).
Academic Games.
Academic Games is a team event based on answering trivia and math questions and a round of oral presentation. In the academic rounds, there are individual, team, and speed question rounds. The third round consists of persuasive presentations on an issue that is given to the creative team a few days before a game. The National Academic League sets up numerous brain teasers and questions for schools across the country.
In 2007, the Academic Games team was the champion of the Granite School District, and therefore went on to national play. In the national championship round, the team faced Hanes Middle School of Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Wasatch's presentation on teen drivers broke a tie going into the fourth and final round, which resulted in a tie. The game went into overtime, where Wasatch Junior lost by 11 points. The final score was 71 to 82.
The Wasatch-Hanes game was the third year in a row a Granite District junior high school has been in the national championship, and the fifth since 2002. Eisenhower, from the Granite School District, is a two-time champion, while Brockbank won in 2006 and took second in 2003. "These kids will be the same ones who walk away with a bazillion scholarships in a few years," principal Doug Bingham said. "That's where they shine."
In 2008, Wasatch won its second straight District Championship by defeating Eisenhower Junior High. In the National Tournament Wasatch defeated Orion Junior High in a landslide victory, but was defeated by Eisenhower in the next round. In 2010, Wasatch lost the district title to Brockbank Junior High, but defeated Brockbank in the Final Four to advance to the national game. Wasatch lost there by three points in double overtime. In 2011, Wasatch Junior High won the district championship and the national championship as well. Wasatch's team defeated Hanes Middle School, whom they faced in 2007. Wasatch won 88-62. In 2012, Wasatch Junior High faced Hanes Middle School again and won.
As a result, Wasatch Jr. High received a letter of congratulations from the president for winning the national Academic Games championships twice in a row.
See also.
Granite School District

</doc>
<doc id="9922110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922110" title="1994–95 DFB-Pokal">
1994–95 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1994–95 was the 52nd season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 13 August 1994 and ended on 24 June 1995. In the final Borussia Mönchengladbach defeated VfL Wolfsburg 3–0 thereby claiming their third title.

</doc>
<doc id="9922114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922114" title="Home Is Where You Hang Yourself">
Home Is Where You Hang Yourself

Home Is Where You Hang Yourself is a double album by Her Space Holiday. It was released June 20, 2000 on Tiger Style Records in the USA, and Wichita Recordings in the UK. The album was re-released on a single CD as Home Is Where You Hang Yourself 2.0 in 2002.
Home Is Where You Hang Yourself 2.0.
The album was re-released in 2002 on one disc.

</doc>
<doc id="9922116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922116" title="John Smith (clockmaker)">
John Smith (clockmaker)

John Smith (1770–1816) was a clockmaker born in Pittenweem, Fife, Scotland.
His most famous clock is in the possession of the Duke of Buccleuch. It is reported to have four dials and shows days of the week and days of the month. The clock can play eight old Scots tunes and every three hours initiates a procession where the Macer of the Lords of Council and Session appears, doffs his cap and then leads fifteen Lords in ceremonial robes across an opening, before re-appearing and replacing his cap. At midnight on Saturday, a plaque appears bearing the legend "Remember Sunday". On Sunday the clock neither strikes nor processes, resuming at midnight.
John Smith of Pitenweem was a superb ingenious craftsman and his clocks generally were of the highest quality. For such a talented clockmaker to come from a small secluded fishing village in Scotland this is no mean achievement. An advertisament is issued by himself in the year 1775, which he informs us, " he was bred in the trade and had never been out of the country."

</doc>
<doc id="9922126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922126" title="Pure Garage">
Pure Garage

Pure Garage is a successful series of UK garage compilation albums. Nearly all of them are mixed by DJ EZ.
In January 2000, Warner Music chose Kiss 100's DJ EZ to mix "Pure Garage", a new garage compilation CD. "Pure Garage" went on to receive platinum record sales and peaked at number 2 in the UK national compilation chart. The "Pure Garage" series is the most acknowledged and best-selling UK garage compilation series to date. As of September 2007, the "Pure Garage" series had sold over 1.7 million records. "Pure Garage Rewind Back To The Old Skool" was released on 3 December 2007; after just two weeks on sale it had already earned itself Gold disc status with over 100,000 copies sold. The latest "Pure Garage" compilation, "The Very Best Of Pure Garage", was released on 1 December 2008 and is the first "Pure Garage" CD that was not mixed my DJ EZ, instead mixed by Matt "Jam" Lamont. In March 2011, a new compilation was released, named "Pure Garage Anthems", mixed by Jason Kaye of Top Buzz.
Pure Garage albums.
Some titles were also released on cassette and vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="9922136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922136" title="Southeastern pocket gopher">
Southeastern pocket gopher

The southeastern pocket gopher, Geomys pinetis, is a species of pocket gopher that is native to the southeastern United States. It occurs in Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, where it is the only pocket gopher.

</doc>
<doc id="9922146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922146" title="Governor of Montevideo">
Governor of Montevideo

The office of Governor of Montevideo was created shortly after the Treaty of Madrid in 1750 by Ferdinand VI of Spain, with the objective of establishing more effective control of the left bank of the Río de la Plata, which had been awarded to Spain as a term of the treaty. 
The constant threat of Portuguese expansion into the region was virtually impossible to deter, due to the lack of permanent Spanish settlement along the frontier. This, coupled with the possibility of indigenous attacks, themselves perhaps motivated by the Portuguese, convinced the Spanish crown to establish this new jurisdiction in the recently founded city of Montevideo.
Despite the fact that Montevideo was in those days a small village of minor significance, military considerations took precedence. The city's importance was soon elevated by its regional strategic value. 
At its creation, the jurisdiction's direct control did not extend beyond 70 kilometers (two days on a horse). This zone was, in fact, the only area brought under effective royal control.
The governors of Montevideo between 1751 and 1814 were:
On February 3, 1807, British forces occupied Montevideo, deposing and taking prisoner Governor Ruiz Huidobro. The British held the city until September 9, 1807, when it was recaptured by Spain. The office of Governor was subsequently reestablished:
On June 23, 1814, Argentine and Uruguayan troops under the command of Carlos María de Alvear entered Montevideo, ending Spanish control of the city. The Supreme Directorate, the revolutionary government of the Río de la Plata, maintained the office of governor of Montevideo, designating its successors:
On February 25, 1815, Argentine troops abandoned Montevideo to the forces of José Gervasio Artigas, who designated two "delegate" governors during his rule of Uruguay. These were the last two officials to hold the title:
The office came to an end with the second Portuguese invasion of Uruguay in July of 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="9922148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922148" title="Municipal Code Corporation">
Municipal Code Corporation

Municipal Code Corporation (MCC) was founded in 1951 by George Langford who remains the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The company, located in Tallahassee, Florida, is involved in publishing legal documents. These include the original codification, recodification, or republication of municipal legislation (i.e. Codes of Ordinances, Land Use Codes, and Charters), and the updating and supplementation of municipal legislation through printed looseleaf pages and various electronic formats.
The company's Code Department publishes Codes of Ordinances, which requires the original codification, recodification, or republication of a local government’s local legislation. Staff attorneys within this department (also known as "code attorneys") have the overall responsibility of supervising each publication project. A code attorney reviews the local legislation, organizes the individual pieces of legislation into logical classifications, and then performs a legal review of that legislation, involving an analysis of the legislation compared to state statutes, court decisions, and constitutional principles. The code attorney points out any inconsistencies between the municipality’s legislation and the statutes or case law, and makes recommendations to the municipal attorney regarding how to cure any defects found in the local legislation. When the new language is approved by the municipality, the code attorney releases the project to a team of indexer, editors and proofreaders. The company also has full printing and binding capabilities in-house.
The MCC Online Library [http://www.municode.com/Library/Library.aspx] contains a publicly accessible collection of more than 2700 Codes of Ordinances that the company has published for local governments in 50 states. The collection of Codes of Ordinances available are integrated with a search engine, and include various research tools that make it a valuable repository of local laws. Searches may be made within an individual Code of Ordinances for free, or in multiple Codes of Ordinances, including an entire state, the entire country or individually selected content, as a premium service.
On July 31, 2003 the company created a subsidiary, MCCi,LLC, that is a value added reseller (VAR) of document management and agenda automation software. MCCi was recognized in 2008, 2009 and 2010 by Laserfiche, the manufacturer of the document management software, as the top VAR serving the local government market.

</doc>
<doc id="9922149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922149" title="Collector's Edition (album)">
Collector's Edition (album)

"Collector's Edition" is a box set by Swedish-Greek duo Antique. It Includes three discs: Mera Me Ti Mera, Me Logia Ellinika, and Alli Mia Fora. The collection was released in 2003 by V2 Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9922151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922151" title="Prince (Amtrak station)">
Prince (Amtrak station)

Prince is an Amtrak station in Prince, West Virginia, served by the "Cardinal". Because it is on the CSX (originally Chesapeake & Ohio Railway) mainline while the unincorporated area of Prince itself is not, this station serves as the main depot for the Beckley area.
History.
The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway built the first facility in 1880 that was enlarged in 1891 to serve both freight and passengers. In 1942, the C&O president, Robert R. Young, saw a need for "a stylish, streamlined, and efficient passenger rail system" that lead to the development of the current station.
Design.
The design of the Prince train station is Art Deco. Built in 1946, the architectural firm was Garfield, Harris, Robinson, & Schafer that was headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. The main terminal building is and the waiting area features tall ceilings and large windows, as well as a large wall mural depicting mining and the importance of coal.
The depot has a minimum of ornamentation. Each end of the canopy is rounded and topped with Streamline Moderne stainless steel lettering spelling out "Prince". The canopy is oriented so that the sun would warm waiting passengers in the winter time, while shading them in the summer. 
Future.
With the opening of the Summit Bechtel Family National Scout Reserve seven miles away, plans are underway for improvements to the station. 
References.
</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="9922164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922164" title="Francesco Maria Schiaffino">
Francesco Maria Schiaffino

Francesco Maria Schiaffino (1688 – January 3, 1763) was an Italian sculptor of the Rococo or late-Baroque, mainly active in his native city of Genoa.
Born into a family of sculptors, including his older brother Bernardo Schiaffino. In 1721–24, he apprenticed in the Roman studio of Camillo Rusconi. Returning to Genoa, he executed such works as "St Dominic" for the Teatro Carlo Felice, and "Pluto and Proserpine" sculpted for the Palazzo Reale. In 1738 he designed the theatrical funeral monument to Caterina Fieschi Adorno for the church of Santissima Annunziata di Portoria, Genoa. In 1739, he also designed wax models of eight apostles and four doctors of the church (modelled after the apostle statues in the niches of San Giovanni in Laterano by Rusconi and others; these were used by Diego Francesco Carlone, to execute in stucco for the church of Santa Maria Assunta di Carignano. He had statues sent to the towns of Sestri, Camogli, and Albizzuola.

</doc>
<doc id="9922190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922190" title="Hope School">
Hope School

Hope School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9922192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922192" title="RTFC">
RTFC

RTFC may refer to one of the following British association football clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="9922197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922197" title="Van Dongen">
Van Dongen

Van Dongen can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9922202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922202" title="Thurmond (Amtrak station)">
Thurmond (Amtrak station)

Thurmond is a train station in Thurmond, West Virginia, United States that is served by Amtrak's (the national railroad passenger system) "Cardinal", which runs three times each week between Chicago, Illinois and New York City, New York. Although the "Cardinal" passes by the station three times each week in both directions, since Thurmond is a flag stop, the trains only stop "when passengers are present, either on the train or station platform, and ticketed to and/or from this station." The station is on CSX Transportation's New River Line and is located on the east bank of the New River.
It is one of Amtrak's least-busy stations, it was the second least-busy for fiscal year 2006, after Greenfield Village, Michigan, which was less traveled because it had been discontinued from the Amtrak regular schedule in April 2006 (being open only to groups after that point). Of the 509 stations served by Amtrak in fiscal year 2012, Thurmond was again the second least-used station, just ahead of Sanderson, Texas.
The long, narrow two-story slate-roofed wooden structure, built in 1905 by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway, also houses a railroad museum and a visitor center for the New River Gorge National River. The depot features a projecting bay that served as a signal tower. The interior originally possessed three waiting rooms: one for white men, one for white women, and one for African Americans. The building was renovated in 1995. It is a contributing structure in the Thurmond Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="9922210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922210" title="Hateley Heath">
Hateley Heath

Hateley Heath is a residential area of West Bromwich in the West Midlands of England.
History.
It was developed during the late 1940s and early 1950s to rehouse people from slum clearances across the Wednesbury urban district, with hundreds of new homes being built by the local council. The new homes initially very popular with their occupants, who appreciated modern facilities such as indoor toilets, bathrooms, running water, electricity and gardens.
An infant school was built to serve the estate in 1950, replacing facilities at nearby Hill Top, followed by the junior school two years later. The infant and junior schools merged to form a single primary school in September 1999.
In 1966, Wednesbury urban district was absorbed into an expanded West Bromwich borough and was also incorporated into the township of West Bromwich, within which it has remained ever since. The opposite transfer of township took place with neighbouring Friar Park, which was now within the township of Wednesbury rather than West Bromwich.
By the 1980s, Hateley Heath had become a crime-fuelled "sink" housing estate with a very poor reputation.
In January 1992, an "Express & Star" report on the estate revealed some shocking findings. It was estimated that six out of ten children living in Hateley Heath were involved in crime. Joyriding, burglaries and vandalism were just some of the many problems that were supposedly plaguing the area. Several shopkeepers had closed their stores due to theft and vandalism. In 1991 alone, West Midlands Police in Sandwell received no less than 1,006 complaints about crime on the estate - an average of once in just over eight hours. Car thefts and break-ins were the most common crime in the area, followed closely behind by burglaries and vandalism. During the year, 48 people on the estate were arrested on suspicion of criminal offences, though it is unknown how many of these arrests resulted in a conviction. What is known is that all but three of the people arrested were aged under 25. Unemployment and social deprivation were blamed for the decline of Hateley Heath, with almost 15% of employable residents being out of work. However, the nearby towns of Smethwick and Tipton had an even higher unemployment rate at this time, when the national economy was in recession.
Over the last 20 years, Hateley Heath has improved with the aid of local community projects. One of the first phases of the area's regeneration came in 1992 when several blocks of unpopular council flats on the estate were demolished. Desirable private houses were built in their place.
Facilities.
The estate has been served by an infant school since 1950 and a junior school since 1952. Both of these schools replaced facilities at nearby Hill Top School, which remained open as a secondary school until 1992 and is now the site of a housing development.
A secondary primary school, Kent Close Primary, was opened on the estate in 1960 to serve the growing 5-11 population. It closed in July 2005 and was later demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="9922220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922220" title="Calgary French and International School">
Calgary French and International School

Calgary French & International School (CFIS) is a trilingual school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The school is full French immersion and all subjects are taught in French (excluding English and Spanish). The school has English, French and Spanish as core subjects. Students have high expectations and a passing grade is usually 60% or over. The school is located in a 120,000 sq. ft. facility, built in two phases in 2003 and 2005 to accommodate a growing school community.
The Elementary Wing:
72,000 square foot, two storey facility including:
The Junior & Senior High Wing:
42,000 square foot, two storey facility including:
There are two cafeterias in the school, one in the Elementary wing and the second in the Junior/Senior wing. These cafeterias offer monthly food plans and À-la-carte items, so that students can order an optional meal for each day. There are also special lunch days (normally arriving at the end of each month) when students can order pizza, and various other items. The uniform is a basic scheme consisting of various articles of clothing. This includes: Long/short sleeve dress shirts, gray wool vests, plaid red and navy blue skirts, navy blue dresses, navy blue yoga jackets, long navy blue sweaters, dress pants, red ties and red hair scrunchies.
Sports.
The CFIS sports teams include golf, volleyball, basketball, badminton, soccer, cross country running, and track and field. The school's senior school basketball team ranked 1st in South Calgary zones. The junior team came second in the ISAA league. The school's coaches are extremely committed to the game. For Physical Education, students are not only graded on their athletic ability, but on their good sportsmanship as well. There are also fitness tests including the beep test, sit ups, stretches and push ups.
Musicals.
The school has an annual musical. All junior and senior high students are permitted to audition for the show which changes from year to year. In 2010, they started the musical program with Seussical Jr. In 2011 they performed Hairspray. In March 2012 they performed Beauty and the Beast and Fame in 2013. The musicals are always produced with a full set of lights and mics and for all the shows except Seussical, a live orchestra made of a mixture of students and professional musicians conducted by the school's artist in residence.
Debate.
The art of debate is an important part of our school culture. Our debate club competes in numerous English and French events throughout the school year. In past years, CFIS students have qualified for both Provincial and National Debate Tournaments.
The idea behind debate is that there are two sides to every issue - the Affirmative and the Negative. The two sides of the debate have different jobs arising from their position with respect to the Resolution, issue or topic. Participants of the Debate Club benefit from developing public speaking, critical thinking, research and teamwork skills. We deal with the challenge of learning to be resourceful thinkers who can synthesize ideas and quickly articulate them.
Clubs and options.
There are many elementary clubs as well as Junior-High clubs. Clubs mostly take place during lunch/recess periods and are optional. There are Improv clubs, Debate clubs, Yearbook club, Student Council, Science Olympics, Environment Club, Jazz Club, and others.
The school follows a six-day cycle. For students in Junior High, there is an options class 2 out of the 6 days during which students participate in Robotics, Photography, Weight Training, Visual Art, Drama, Outdoor Education, Sewing or Food Studies. During 3 of the remaining 6 days, there is a choice between band, Film Studies or Learning Skills (there are only 5 of the six days with option classes) . Students will select a different option for every quarter (there are 4 in every school year)
Travel Studies.
Opportunities for national and international travel are offered in Junior/Senior High. These trips involve preparation / study beforehand and tie in with the appropriate curriculum.
Every year, students go on trips in and around the city of Calgary, some of which include a ski day at Lake Louise or Sunshine Village. As well, students have optional cultural voyages to various destinations including grade 7 trips to Québec, Ottawa, and Montreal. For Grade 8, there is a Week-Without-Walls. In Grade 9, there is an optional trip to Costa Rica. For Senior High, the travel studies program changes each year. In 2011, the Senior High students went to Columbia, in 2012 they traveled to Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands The Travel Studies program permits students to experience first-hand other cultures and learn about ecology, geography, history and social studies as well. It is also a great opportunity to bond with friends, as students normally share their accommodations with a few friends. The students in Senior High will be going to Cambodia for the 2013 trip.
At school programs.
Spanish and French language programs are offered for adults in the evenings at the school.
The Annual CFIS Fundraising Gala is the largest fundraising event for CFIS. Since 2001, Gala guests, donors and sponsors have helped raise almost $500,000 for CFIS programs and equipment.
There are local and international awareness campaigns like the Thumbs-Up! anti-distracted driving campaign, Project Haiti (donation of clothing & school supplies), participation in Operation: Christmas Child, food bank donations, Jacket Racket, 24-hour Famine, and Shave-Your-Lid-for-a-Kid (which supports Kids Cancer Care).

</doc>
<doc id="9922221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922221" title="UUM-44 SUBROC">
UUM-44 SUBROC

The UUM-44 SUBROC (SUBmarine ROCket) was a type of submarine-launched rocket deployed by the United States Navy as an anti-submarine weapon. It carried a 5 kiloton nuclear warhead.
Development.
Development began in 1958, with the technical evaluation being completed in 1963. That year, the US Navy received the first rounds and soon reached Initial Operation Capability (IOC) aboard the attack submarine "Permit". When SUBROC reached IOC The US Navy's admiral in charge of weapons procurement stated that SUBROC was " .. a more difficult technical problem than Polaris." SUBROC was never used in combat, and all were decommissioned following the end of the Cold War in 1989. Because the nuclear warhead was an integral part of the weapon, SUBROC could not be exported to other navies, and there is no evidence that any were supplied to other NATO allies under the well-established arrangements for supplying other dual-key nuclear weapons. Towards the end of the 1970s, a planned successor, the UUM-125 Sea Lance, was frequently delayed due to funding problems and eventually canceled.
Operation.
SUBROC could be launched from a 21 inch submarine torpedo tube. After launch, the solid fuel rocket motor fires and SUBROC rises to the surface. The launch angle then changes and SUBROC flies to its destination following a predetermined ballistic trajectory. At a predetermined time in the trajectory, the reentry vehicle (containing the warhead) separates from the solid fuel motor. The warhead, a W55 1 to 5 kiloton nuclear depth bomb, drops into the water, sinking rapidly before exploding in proximity to its target. A direct hit was not necessary.
Technically, its tactical use was as an urgent-attack long-range weapon that could attack time-urgent submarine targets that could not be attacked with any other weapon without betraying the position of the launching submarine by calling for an air-strike, or where the target was too distant to be attacked quickly with a torpedo launched from the submarine. The tactical rationale for SUBROC was similar to that for ASROC or Ikara. An added advantage was that SUBROC's approach to the target was not detectable by the target in time to take evasive action, although the warhead yield would appear to make evasive maneuvers unrealistic. However, SUBROC was less flexible in its use than Ikara or ASROC: since its only payload was a nuclear warhead, it could not be used to provide stand-off fire in a conventional (i.e., non-nuclear) engagement.

</doc>
<doc id="9922234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922234" title="Adam Carriker">
Adam Carriker

Adam Eugene Carriker (born May 6, 1984) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
Early years.
Carriker attended Kennewick High School, where he played quarterback and defensive end. He was a three-year starter at quarterback and team captain for three years. In his only season at defensive end (his senior season), he recorded 25 tackles, 15 sacks, and four forced fumbles in a winless season. Regardless, he was named to Second-team All-Big 9 Honors. Carriker visited Oregon, Oregon State and Washington State before finally deciding to commit to Nebraska. Additionally, Carriker was a three-time All-Conference selection in baseball and ran track. He received all-state honors for his shot put prowess and long jump efforts as a senior.
Despite never having boxed previously, Carriker was offered a boxing scholarship by Division III Nebraska Wesleyan University. He would turn down the offer after giving it serious consideration.
Carriker is a devout Christian.
College career.
Carriker redshirted in 2002. In his 2003 freshman season he played extensively in passing situations before injuring his ankle against Utah State. Against the University of Colorado he had three quarterback hurries and ended a CU drive in the third quarter with a nine-yard sack of quarterback Joel Klatt. He finished the year with three tackles and three quarterback hurries. He played in his first bowl game, the 2003 Alamo Bowl after the regular season. In his 2004 sophomore year Carriker was hampered for the second straight season by an ankle injury. He played in 10 games with eight starts in the 2004 campaign, and finished with 36 tackles, including seven tackles for loss and three sacks for 18 yards. Carriker added seven quarterback hurries during his sophomore season.
As a junior in 2005 Carriker started all 12 games at the base end spot, and finished with 9.5 sacks for 84 yards and 17 tackles for loss for 96 yards. His 9½ sacks tied for the Big 12 Conference lead and ranked 19th nationally. He also led Nebraska with 21 quarterback hurries, 10 more than any other Husker defender. Carriker’s 43 total tackles ranked seventh on the team and tied for the most among defensive linemen. He began his junior season by notching two of the Huskers’ school-record tying 11 sacks in the team’s 25-7 win over Maine. Carriker capped 2005 with one tackle in the Alamo Bowl victory over the University of Michigan. Adam was voted 2005 Nebraska Defensive MVP.
As a senior in 2006 Adam Carriker completed a dominant career in the 2006 season Cotton Bowl Classic against Auburn University. In 2006, Carriker earned Nebraska’s Defensive MVP honor for the second straight season, and was honored as the Big 12 Defensive Lineman of the Year by the league’s coaches. Carriker finished the season with a team-leading seven sacks and ranked second on the team with 16 tackles behind the line of scrimmage. His 52 total tackles led all Nebraska defensive linemen, and he also paced the Blackshirt defense with 12 quarterback hurries, while registering his first career interception. In addition to his selection as Big 12 Defensive Lineman of the Year, Carriker was a First-team All-Big 12 pick by the Big 12 Coaches and the Associated Press. He was also a Third-team All-America selection by Rivals.com.
The strong senior season put Carriker’s name in a prominent position in the NU record books. He finished with 41 career tackles for loss to rank fifth in the program’s history. Carriker has 20½ career sacks to rank sixth on the Cornhusker charts. Carriker graduated with a degree in business administration.
Professional career.
St. Louis Rams.
On July 26, 2007, Carriker signed a five-year $14.5 million contract, with guarantees of $9.5 million. Carriker started all 16 games of his rookie season at defensive tackle instead of his college position, defensive end. Carriker, who bulked up from the 296 pounds he weighed at the NFL combine, weighed in the 305-pound range during the 2007 season.
He was voted the Rams Rookie of the Year called the Carroll Rosenbloom Memorial Award, finishing with 2 sacks, 30 tackles, and a safety. Carriker missed the entire 2009 NFL season due to injury.
Washington Redskins.
Carriker was traded to the Washington Redskins on April 20, 2010. In exchange, the teams swapped fifth and seventh-round draft picks in 2010. After initial shock, Carriker was pleased about his trade and the chance to revitalize his career.
In Washington, Carriker earned the starting left defensive end position for the Redskins in a 3-4 defensive scheme. With the Rams he was a "3-technique" defensive tackle in a 4-3 defensive scheme which did not work out and led to his trade to the Redskins. "In St. Louis, we tried to make him a 3-technique and up-the-field rusher," said defensive coordinator Jim Haslett. "For a guy who ran the 40 in 4.7 and was 6-6, 315 pounds, you'd think he could do that. But that's not what he wants to do. He wants to play with strength and power, and he does a pretty good job of it. He feels so much more comfortable in this." Carriker's 315 pounds is ideal, and he reported at the beginning of the 2010 season that he bench pressed 500 pounds, which helps him in his new position.
Early in the 2010 season the change drew positive reviews, said Rich Campbell of Fredricksburg.com, "I’m buying Carriker as an impact 3-4 end right now. He’s strong enough to set the edge on running plays, and he’s even generating a pass rush on occasion. Carriker stopped Houston RB Arian Foster for a 2-yard loss in the second quarter after he made a quick step inside the pulling left guard. He also beat a double team on the first play of the second half to stop Foster for a gain of one. Carriker isn’t dominant—but he is flashing."
On March 13, 2012, Carriker re-signed with the Redskins for four years on a $20 million contract with $7 million guaranteed. In Week 2 of the 2012 season against the St. Louis Rams, he suffered a right knee injury early in the first quarter. The next day it was confirmed that he tore quad tendon in his right leg and he would need surgery and would be placed on injured reserve.
Carriker had his contract restructured to help with the salary cap penalty that the Redskins faced last season on March 11, 2013. On July 25, he was placed on the PUP list after the team announced that he had a third surgery on his right knee and would be out for four or five months. On December 12, he was placed on injured reserve. He was released on March 4, 2014.
Radio career.
In April 2012, Carriker began his radio career as co-host of "4th & Pain" along with Chuck Carroll. Carriker, an avid WWE fan, touts "4th & Pain" as being the only pro wrestling radio show hosted by a NFL player and a guy who lost 250 pounds, an homage to his co-host. The show airs weekly online.
In June 2012, the show gained notoriety among wrestling fans after Carriker conducted his first interview with WWE wrestler Heath Slater.

</doc>
<doc id="9922237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922237" title="Eimai To Simera Kai Eisai To Chthes">
Eimai To Simera Kai Eisai To Chthes

Eimai To Simera Kai Eisai To Chthes () is the name of a limited run and much valued collectible Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. The album was released in Greece and Cyprus by the short-lived record label Vissi and Nikos Karvelas formed for the release known as "CarVi", whose name is a combination of their last names. 
At the time, Vissi was still signed to the Greek division of the EMI-owned Columbia Records, which went against her contract releasing an album with a different label. The independent production and release was a result of unresolved differences under her then signing. A court order in favor of EMIAL - the Greek division of EMI and the parent company of the Greek division of Columbia Records - resulted in the withdrawal of the album only a few weeks after its release, making the album a collectible item. It is also the first album to be entirely written, composed and produced by Karvelas made for Vissi and kicks off a long collaboration. The album is considered by fans to be a raw and authentic composition for both Vissi and Karvelas, completely unburdened by any influence or control by a multinational record label.
Track listing.
All lyrics by Anna Vissi and all music by Nikos Karvelas.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9922243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922243" title="Agudas Israel Housing Association">
Agudas Israel Housing Association

Agudas Israel Housing Association, also known by the acronym AIHA, is a Registered Social Landlord providing low-cost rental housing to the Jewish community in London and Salford. It owns and manages more than 500 dwellings.
History.
AIHA was set up in 1981 as a campaign organisation to draw attention to the housing problems of the orthodox Jewish community in the Stamford Hill area of North London, in the London Borough of Hackney.
Agudas Israel Housing Association was registered with the Housing Corporation in 1986 as a BME housing association with the purpose of providing housing for Orthodox Jews. Its activities extend to Haringey, Barnet and Salford as well as its base in Stamford Hill. In 2011 it owned more than 700 residential units, many of which were developed with the support of funding from the Housing Corporation.
Agudas Israel’s activities include the provision of supported housing for people with special needs and large housing units for extended families. Its flagship project is Schonfeld Square, a mixed development which incorporates rented housing for families, sheltered accommodation for elderly members of the community and an old-age home. It also owns Beenstock House, a small care home in north Salford.
It is also responsible for a number of specialist units. These include Beis Brucha, the first Jewish mother-and-baby home in the United Kingdom, located in Stamford Hill and managed by the Union of Orthodox Hebrew Congregations.
The association's developments in Salford include rental accommodation and the Beenstock Home for the aged.
AIHA publishes an annual report to its tenants called "Botei Yisroel".
According to the Housing Corporation, Agudas Israel Housing Association "demonstrates a good performance by achieving or exceeding its annual targets, maintaining good progress against targets during the year and delivering quality housing that meets our standards". This includes meeting the Decent Homes Standard.
AIHA is a member of the Solomon Project, a group of six small housing associations dedicated to showing that "small associations can remain responsive to specific needs and client groups while also delivering service excellence at a competitive price".

</doc>
<doc id="9922245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922245" title="The Westerly Sun">
The Westerly Sun

The Westerly Sun is a seven-day daily newspaper published in Westerly, Rhode Island, United States, covering portions of Washington County, Rhode Island, and New London County, Connecticut. "The Sun" is issued in the afternoon on weekdays, Monday through Friday, and in the morning on Saturdays and Sundays. Until 1995, it published its Sunday edition in the afternoon, and was the only such paper to do so at that time.
"The Sun" is the flagship publication of Sun Publishing Company, which also prints several free weekly newspapers in the area. Sun Publishing is itself a subsidiary of Record-Journal Publishing Company of Meriden, Connecticut.
Towns covered by "The Sun" include Charlestown, Hopkinton, Richmond, South Kingstown and Westerly, Rhode Island; and Groton, North Stonington and Stonington, Connecticut.
Prices.
"The Westerly Sun" prices are: 75 cents daily, $1.75 Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="9922256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922256" title="ETFC">
ETFC

ETFC can refer to one of the following association football clubs:
ETFC can also refer E-Trade Financial Corporation 

</doc>
<doc id="9922265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922265" title="Montgomery (Amtrak station)">
Montgomery (Amtrak station)

Montgomery is an Amtrak station in Montgomery, West Virginia, served by the "Cardinal" passenger train. The station is an open metal shed built along platforms previously used by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway, who demolished the former brick station house in the 1970s after the C&O ended passenger service in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9922273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922273" title="Prostacyclin synthase">
Prostacyclin synthase

Prostaglandin-I synthase () also known as prostaglandin I2 (prostacyclin) synthase (PTGIS) or CYP8A1 is an enzyme involved in prostanoid biosynthesis that in humans is encoded by the "PTGIS" gene. This enzyme belongs to the family of cytochrome P450 isomerases.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. However, this protein is considered a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily on the basis of sequence similarity rather than functional similarity. This endoplasmic reticulum membrane protein catalyzes the conversion of prostaglandin H2 to prostacyclin (prostaglandin I2), a potent vasodilator and inhibitor of platelet aggregation. An imbalance of prostacyclin and its physiological antagonist thromboxane A2 contribute to the development of myocardial infarction, stroke, and atherosclerosis.
Unlike most P450 enzymes, PGIS does not require molecular oxygen (O2). Instead it uses its heme cofactor to catalyze the isomerization of prostaglandin H2 to prostacyclin. Prostaglandin H2 is produced by cyclooxygenase in the first committed step of prostaglandin biosynthesis.
Nomenclature.
The systematic name of this enzyme class is (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha-epidioxy-15-hydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate 6-isomerase. Other names in common use include prostacyclin synthase, prostacyclin synthetase, prostagladin I2 synthetase, PGI2 synthase, PGIS, PTGIS, and PGI2 synthetase.

</doc>
<doc id="9922288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922288" title="Vịnh Mốc tunnels">
Vịnh Mốc tunnels

Vinh Moc (Vịnh Mốc) is a tunnel complex in Quảng Trị, Vietnam. During the Vietnam War it was strategically located on the border of North Vietnam and South Vietnam. The tunnels were built to shelter people from the intense bombing of Son Trung and Son Ha communes in Vinh Linh county of Quảng Trị Province in the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone. The American forces believed the villagers of Vinh Moc were supplying food and armaments to the North Vietnemese garrison on the island of Con Co which was in turn hindering the American bombers on their way to bomb Hanoi. The idea was to force the villagers of Vinh Moc to leave the area but as is typical in Vietnam there was nowhere else to go. The villagers initially dug the tunnels to move their village 10 metres underground but the American forces designed bombs that burrowed down 10 metres. Eventually against these odds, the villagers moved the village to a depth of 30 metres. It was constructed in several stages beginning in 1966 and used until early 1972. The complex grew to include wells, kitchens, rooms for each family and spaces for healthcare. Around 60 families lived in the tunnels; as many as 17 children were born inside the tunnels.
The tunnels were a success and no villagers lost their lives. The only direct hit was from a bomb that failed to explode; the resulting hole was utilized as a ventilation shaft.
Three levels of tunnels were eventually built.
Geography.
The tunnels lie north of the Bến Hải River.
Much of the sub-strata of Vietnam is limestone which is soft to dig through yet structurally sound. The Limestone allows easy hand digging of the tunnels and no structural supports are necessary.
History.
When the War took place in Vinh Moc from 1966 to 1972, the United States Army released over 9,000 tons of bombs in the area, with a ratio of 7 tons of bombs on average per person. But the local people didn't want to leave or lose their motherland. So, they began to dig tunnels in 1965 and finished in 1967 with simple tools in 18,000 labor days. The total length of the tunnels is nearly 2,000 m long with 6 entrances to the tops of hills and 7 entrances to the South China sea.
Tourism.
Today, the tunnels are a tourist attraction and can be visited on organised tours. Beside individual tours to the tunnels, they are regularly part of full-day trips, starting from Hué to explore the DMZ. In comparison to the Cu Chi tunnels, walking through the Vinh-Moc-tunnels is a lot more comfortable, because they are situated in a less humid climate zone and the height of the tunnels allows even non-eastern people to stand upright.

</doc>
<doc id="9922291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922291" title="John Commins (hurler)">
John Commins (hurler)

John Commins (born 1965) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway senior team.
Born in Gort, County Galway, Commins first excelled at hurling in his youth. He arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Galway minor team, before later joining the under-21 side. He made his senior debut during the 1986 championship. Commins went on to play a key role for Galway for the next few years, and won two All-Ireland medals and one National Hurling League medal. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times, Commins won two Railway Cup medals. At club level he is a one-time Connacht medallist with Gort. In addition to this he also won one championship medal.
Commins's retirement came following the conclusion of the 1990 championship.
Early life.
John Commins was born in Gort, County Galway in 1965. From a young age he showed great interest in the game of hurling and, in time, he would become a key member of the great Galway team of the 1980s.
Playing career.
Club.
Commins played his club hurling with his local Gort club. He had some success at underage levels. He won a Senior County championship medal in 1983, and won the Connaught club medal the same year.
Inter-county.
Commins first came to prominence as an inter-county hurler on Galway's minor team in the early 1980s. He won an All-Ireland medal in 1983 and quickly graduated onto the under-21 side where he won another All-Ireland medal in 1986. That same year Commins made his debut as goalkeeper on the senior hurling team, with Galway reaching their second consecutive All-Ireland final. In the game against Cork Commins ran the length of the pitch to score a 21 yard free, however, victory still went to the Munster champions. In 1987, in their third All-Ireland final appearance in-a-row, Galway took on Kilkenny. At the third time of asking Galway emerged victorious and Commins finally captured his first All-Ireland medal.
In 1988 Tipperary were Galway's opponents in their fourth consecutive All-Ireland final appearance. Commins had another solid performance as goalkeeper and claimed his second All-Ireland title in the process, before later winning his first All-Star award. In 1989 Commins began the year by winning his first National Hurling League title, however, Galway's star centre-back, Tony Keady, was banned from playing for a year. The side had contemplated withdrawing from the championship in protest, however, they decided to play, eventually losing out to Tipp in the All-Ireland semi-final.Commins received "man of the match" for this performance.
In 1990 Commins played in his fourth All-Ireland final in five seasons. Galway were the hot favourites to beat Cork and it looked as if that prediction would come true when the tribesmen went 7 points up. Cork scored 4 goals in the second half and Commins was the scapegoat for the 5-15 to 2-21 defeat and was dropped from the Galway team for the 1991 championship. At just 25 years-old Commins’s inter-county hurling career had drawn to a close.

</doc>
<doc id="9922298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922298" title="Crécy (comics)">
Crécy (comics)

Crécy is a graphic novel written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Raulo Cáceres, depicting some of the events surrounding the historical Battle of Crécy. The graphic novel was published in 2007 by Avatar Press, under the Apparat imprint. The story is told from the point of view of the fictional William of Stoneham, a longbowman in the service of the English. It features several important characters from the event such as Edward the Third king of England and Phillip the Sixth of France. 
See also.
V sign, the two-fingered "Longbowman's Salute" described in "Crécy", and shown on the cover of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="9922304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922304" title="The Black Stallion Returns">
The Black Stallion Returns

The Black Stallion Returns is a 1983 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Walter Farley, and is a sequel to "The Black Stallion". It is directed by Robert Dalva and produced by Francis Ford Coppola. The movie stars Kelly Reno, Vincent Spano and Teri Garr. The portrayal of The Black was shared between Cass Ole, the horse from "The Black Stallion", and El Mokhtar.
Plot.
The story begins with several odd occurrences at the farm where the Black, Alec (Kelly Reno), and his mother (Teri Garr) live. A suspicious barn fire is followed by the theft of the horse. From the point of view of Ishak (Ferdy Mayne), the sheik who took him, this is property retrieval; the horse was originally his, and the Black's name is Shetan. Although he learns that the horse is being returned to the sheik's kingdom in the Moroccan desert, Alec goes after the sheik, stowing away in a plane to Casablanca.
In Morocco, after being found on the plane, Alec is taken to the American embassy, where the police plan on sending him home. At the stables, he makes some friends who disguise him as a local Casablancan. They take him to a man named Kurr (Allen Garfield), who is very interested in the horse and the sheik, and allows Alec to go with him and his companion. But after getting a flat tire, they abandon Alec in the desert. He is found by the driver of another truck and given a ride. Aboard the truck, he meets Raj (Vincent Spano), who tells him the Black will probably compete in "The Great Race." The two become friends and travel across the desert on foot with Meslar (Woody Strode), Raj's friend and mentor. Then a rogue tribe kidnaps Meslar, and Raj and Alec defend themselves against the harsh elements. After running out of water, they collapse from dehydration but recover when they find a river. Raj's tribe discovers them, welcoming Raj home and Alec to the tribe. Raj takes Alec to the outskirts of Ishak's home, and he reunites with the Black.
While attempting to retrieve the horse, Alec is apprehended by Ishak's men. He pleads his case to Ishak, who is sympathetic but will not give up the horse. He plans to race the Black in the "Great Race" with his granddaughter Tabari (Jodi Thelen) as jockey. Alec insists the Black can win the race only if he, not Tabari, rides him. Denied the position, he coaches Tabari on riding the horse, but the Black throws her off. A rogue tribe led by Kurr then captures the Black and Alec and takes them away. Later, Alec escapes with the Black. As they flee, Alec discovers that Meslar is alive and being held prisoner. He gives Meslar his pocket knife to help him get free of his bonds. Alec and the Black escape and go back to Ishak's home. As a reward for the safe return of the horse, Alec is allowed to ride him in the race.
On the day of the race, Alec reunites with Raj, who is also competing, and they begin their run across the desert along with the other riders. The rogue tribe's rider tries to kill Alec, but he and the Black escape. Alec discovers that the rogue rider pushed Raj off his horse, and he brings Raj's mount back to him. They race against the rogue rider until Meslar appears and spooks the rider's horse, unseating him. Suddenly, Kurr shows up in his truck and chases Raj and Alec, shooting at them. However, he takes a wrong turn and the truck crashes into a ditch. 
Alec wins the race, then pleads with Ishak to allow Raj to keep the horse that he rode, despite the condition that the winning rider's sheik is allowed to keep any horses that he wants. Ishak grants the reprieve, which allows Alec to repay Raj for his kindness. Meslar returns with Kurr, his riding companion, and the rogue rider as his prisoners, and they are taken to face judgement. 
Although Ishak gives the Black back to Alec, he decides to leave him in Morocco, where he feels he is more at home.

</doc>
<doc id="9922309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922309" title="Guaranteed (Level 42 album)">
Guaranteed (Level 42 album)

Guaranteed is the ninth studio album by the British musical group Level 42, released in 1991, their first album of the 1990s. The album was released by RCA records and it was the first Level 42 studio album released by a label other than Polydor.
Overview.
"Guaranteed" was the first Level 42 album without a songwriting contribution from former member Boon Gould (who had contributed lyrics to some songs for the 1988 album "Staring at the Sun" following his departure from the band). Several songs were co-written with lyricists Drew Barfield and George M. Green. "Guaranteed" was also the first Level 42 album to be released following the death of guitarist Alan Murphy (who had taken over from Gould for "Staring at the Sun" and related tours). 
The lineup credits for the album listed all of the musicians involved rather than clearly defining the separation between band and guest players. This reflected the ongoing personnel shifts within the band. All cover art and inlay photos implied that the band consisted of Mark King, Mike Lindup and Gary Husband plus a guitarist, but was less clear on the latter's identity—inlay photos featured Allan Holdsworth while cover artwork featured Jakko Jakszyk. In practise, Holdsworth (who had played with the band during its recent London residency at the Hammersmith Apollo) only contributed electric guitar solos to five of the album's songs in the studio—"Seven Years", "A Kinder Eye", "She Can't Help Herself", "If You Were Mine" and "With A Little Love". Band associate Dominic Miller contributed all rhythm guitar work (as he had done for "Staring at the Sun"). Jakszyk (formerly with 64 Spoons and a top session guitarist) played no part in recording the album, but was hired for touring and promotional work and hence featured in the album artwork and the promotional video clips for "Guaranteed", "Overtime" and "My Father's Shoes". 
Due to Mike Lindup's absence from many of the sessions, a high proportion of the keyboard parts for "Guaranteed" were played by drummer Gary Husband (including the piano solo on "Her Big Day") although Lindup would later overdub solos. Husband would also expand his songwriting contribution, including writing the song ("If You Were Mine" on his own. Husband would leave Level 42 following this album (to be replaced by the band's original drummer Phil Gould) although he would return to the band in 1999.
The single "Guaranteed" placed 17th in the UK single charts in 1991 and had two versions of its music video produced. The song "A Kinder Eye" was dedicated to the memory of Frances Robblee, the mother-in-law of lyricist George M. Green.

</doc>
<doc id="9922313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922313" title="Charleston, West Virginia (Amtrak station)">
Charleston, West Virginia (Amtrak station)

Charleston is an Amtrak station in Charleston, West Virginia, served by the "Cardinal". The station was originally owned by the Chesapeake & Ohio Railway. In September 2010, the station was purchased by General Corporation, a commercial real estate company based in Charleston. The station is located on the south bank of the Kanawha River, opposite downtown Charleston which lies on the north bank. Much of the station's outdoor space is covered by the South Side Bridge which allows both vehicular and pedestrian traffic to access the downtown areas. A fine dining establishment, Laury's Restaurant, occupies much of the station's interior.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as the Chesapeake and Ohio Depot and part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area. It is a two-story, brick and stone structure in the Neo-Classical Revival style. The facade features a shallow pavilion of paired Roman Doric columns facing the Kanawha River. It also has a low hipped, tile-covered roof with bracketed deep eaves. 

</doc>
<doc id="9922322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922322" title="Steve Foley (defensive back)">
Steve Foley (defensive back)

Stephen James Foley (born November 11, 1953 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He played his entire 11-year NFL career (1976–1986) with the Denver Broncos after one year (1975) with the Jacksonville Express of the World Football League.
As a member of the , Foley played in the Super Bowl twice. He was a starter in Super Bowl XII against the Dallas Cowboys and played in Super Bowl XXI (his final game) against the New York Giants. The Broncos lost both of these games. 
Foley scored two touchdowns in his career, both of which came in 1984. He returned a fumble 22 yards on October 15 against the Green Bay Packers and an interception 40 yards on December 15 against the Seattle Seahawks. These scores were key contributions to Broncos' victories.
Foley began his career as a quarterback, playing high school football at Jesuit High School of New Orleans and collegiately at Tulane University, before successfully converting to defensive back.
Foley's daughter, Natalie, was a gymnast at Stanford University from 2003 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9922336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922336" title="Jacksons Stores">
Jacksons Stores

Jacksons Stores Ltd, named after William Jackson, the man who founded it, was a British chain of 114 convenience stores in Yorkshire and the North Midlands that was founded in 1991 by the Hull-based William Jackson & Sons Ltd and sold to Sainsbury's in 2004, an acquisition which doubled that company's share of the convenience store market. After the takeover Sainsbury's, many Jacksons Stores were initially refurbished to trade under the "Sainsbury's at Jacksons" brand. This brand was phased out and replaced with the Sainsbury's Local brand by March 2008 and the Jackson's name is now defunct.
Shortly before the Sainsbury's acquisition the chain was voted Britain's best independent retail chain.
Sainsbury's acquisition of Jacksons Stores was part of the wider controversy of the major supermarkets move into the convenience sector. The deal was not subject to a competition inquiry due to the precedent of Tesco's T&S Stores acquisition; The Office of Fair Trading took the view that the convenience sector was distinct from the supermarket sector.
As of March 2010 one Jacksons store still survives, the store is South Parade in Ossett (Wakefield)

</doc>
<doc id="9922343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922343" title="Mike Mooney (American football)">
Mike Mooney (American football)

Michael Paul Mooney (May 31, 1969 in Baltimore, Maryland – March 6, 2007) was a National Football League player for the San Diego Chargers and the Houston Oilers. Mooney, who played collegiately at Georgia Tech and appeared in one game for the Chargers as an offensive tackle.

</doc>
<doc id="9922380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922380" title="Na 'Hes Kardia">
Na 'Hes Kardia

Na 'hes Kardia (If only you had a heart) is the name of the sixth album by Greek singer Anna Vissi. Released in 1984, it was her first album under CBS Greece. It featured 12 laika songs, the music of whom was written by her then-husband Nikos Karvelas. Lyricists of the album were Karvelas, Vissi herself and Sarantis Alivizatos. The ballad "Kai Eho Tosa Na Thimame" (I Have So Many Things to Remember) is the most durable hit, still gaining airplay in Greek radio stations. The orchestra was conducted by Nikos Lavranos. The album reached gold status. It was first released on CD in 1992 as a joint package with 1985's album "Kati Simveni". In 1997, a separate edition of the album was released.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas. Also Anna Vissi and Sarantis Alivizatos contributed to some lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="9922382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922382" title="Santiago Library System">
Santiago Library System

The Santiago Library System (SLS) was a state-funded network of nine public library jurisdictions in Orange County, California:
Huntington Beach Library Information and Cultural Resource Center and Santa Ana Public Library were not members of SLS.
General information.
Organized in 1967, the Santiago Library System was a cooperative arrangement designed to maximize resources by providing programs and services jointly where it is mutually beneficial to the local population.
An important SLS role was facilitating the sharing of local collections by providing delivery of materials among the nine member libraries. The System enhances the reference capabilities of these libraries by furnishing additional resources and expertise when needed to meet patrons’ requests. SLS presented workshops, arranged staff training programs and aided in the development of additional reference tools and services.
The Reference Center, with offices at the Central Library of the Los Angeles Public Library, provides member libraries with second-level reference support services.
As of July 1, 2009, SLS and the Metropolitan Cooperative Library System (MCLS) of Los Angeles County were combined and renamed the Southern California Library Cooperative (SCLC). The web site lists staff directories, committee meeting dates, publications, useful links and upcoming workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="9922392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922392" title="28 Gun Bad Boy">
28 Gun Bad Boy

28 Gun Bad Boy is the third album by house music and drum and bass pioneer A Guy Called Gerald, released in 1992. This was the first full length Drum and bass artist albums released. The track "28 Gun Bad Boy" is one of the very first examples of drum & bass/old school jungle music.

</doc>
<doc id="9922403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922403" title="Softs">
Softs

"For softs as commodities, see Commodities."
Softs is a 1976 album by the British psychedelic, progressive rock and jazz/fusion band Soft Machine who were one of the central bands in the Canterbury scene.
John Etheridge replaced Allan Holdsworth on guitar shortly after the release of the previous album, "Bundles", and Alan Wakeman, cousin of keyboardist Rick Wakeman, took over saxophone duties from Karl Jenkins. Karl would play keyboards exclusively from this point onward. This change was necessitated by the departure of the group's last founding member, Mike Ratledge, who left in March 1976 before the sessions were completed, and can be heard on two tracks, but is not credited as a member of the group. Wakeman and bassist Roy Babbington left the group not long after the album was released, Wakeman having been a member for less than six months.
Track listing.
All compositions by Karl Jenkins except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="9922419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922419" title="Huntington (Amtrak station)">
Huntington (Amtrak station)

The Huntington Amtrak station is an Amtrak station in Huntington, West Virginia. Located at 1050 8th Avenue, the station consists of a platform on the south side of the east-west tracks, a small parking lot, and a small building in between. The station contains a waiting room and ticket office. Huntington is served by the "Cardinal" route. 
Transit Connections.
Huntington station is located six blocks south and two blocks west of the Tri-State Transit Authority Transit Center. Most TTA bus routes and the Greyhound Bus stop at that station. For closer connections, riders can take advantage of TTA Routes 2, 4, 5, 6, 10, which pass two blocks of the station at 4th Avenue. Those connectionss are not always practical under current "Cardinal" schedule. The passengers who arrive on the eastbound train from Chicago can easily transfer to any route that serves the Transit Center, most bus routes don't start running until the train departs. Except for the few PM routes, most TTA routes stop running hours before the westbound train arrives, limiting options for any passengers who are either boarding or disembarking from the train.

</doc>
<doc id="9922434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922434" title="Moneydarragh Primary School">
Moneydarragh Primary School

Moneydarragh Primary School is a small rural school located on the Longstone Road, Annalong in County Down, Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9922440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922440" title="Charm City Swing">
Charm City Swing

Charm City Swing, a Baltimore based non-profit organization, is dedicated to introducing non-dancers to the art of swing dancing. They run social dances every Monday and Friday night at the Mobtown Ballroom on Washington Blvd in Baltimore City, Maryland, teaching a combination of Lindy Hop, Charleston, and East Coast Swing during a one hour beginner class.
After the class, a social dance is held where people dance to classic swing and big band music such as Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Louis Armstrong; neo-swing such as Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Squirrel Nut Zippers; blues like Sidney Bechet, Muddy Waters, and modern pop such as Rihanna, Gorillaz, and Christina Aguilera.
Charm City Swing also offers 8 week class series, for Intermediate and Advanced level skills, on Wednesday nights at the Mobtown Ballroom.
Charm City Swing was started by Dorry Segev and Sommer Gentry in March, 2005. In order to make the venue more approachable, discounts are given to students and newcomers.
Along with the swing dancing that Charm City Swing has provided for years, the group has begun holding social dances and offering classes throughout the week in a variety of other styles, such as Blues, Salsa, and Belly Dancing.
Awards.
Charm City Swing was named Baltimore's "Best Reason to Go Out On A Monday Night!" by Baltimore Magazine's Best of Baltimore 2005

</doc>
<doc id="9922460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922460" title="Peace with Honor">
Peace with Honor

"Peace with Honor" was a phrase U.S. President Richard M. Nixon used in a speech on January 23, 1973 to describe the Paris Peace Accord to end the Vietnam War. The phrase is a variation on a campaign promise Nixon made in 1968: "I pledge to you that we shall have an honorable end to the war in Vietnam." The treaty specified that a ceasefire would take place four days later. According to the plan, within sixty days of the ceasefire, the North Vietnamese would release all U.S. prisoners, and all U.S. troops would withdraw from South Vietnam. On March 29, the last U.S. soldier left Vietnam. In April 1975, Saigon fell to North Vietnamese troops.
While Nixon's campaign used the phrase, as a rhetorical trope it has a very long pedigree of use by politicians as can be seen by the list below.

</doc>
<doc id="9922480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922480" title="Bernard Jackson (defensive back)">
Bernard Jackson (defensive back)

Bernard Frank Jackson (born August 24, 1950 — May 26, 1997) was an American football defensive back who played for three National Football League teams. He started in Super Bowl XII as a member of the Denver Broncos. He died of liver cancer in Lompoc, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9922495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922495" title="Comparison of reference management software">
Comparison of reference management software

The following tables compare reference management software.
General.
In the "notes" section, there is a difference between:
Operating system support.
In the case of web applications, this describes the server OS. For centrally-hosted websites that are proprietary, this is not applicable. Any client OS can connect to a web service unless stated otherwise in a footnote.
Export file formats.
This table lists the machine-readable file formats that can be exported from reference managers. These are typically used to share data with other reference managers or with other people who use a reference manager. To exchange data from one program to another, the first program must be able to export to a format that the second program may import. Import file formats are in a table below this one.
Import file formats.
This table lists the file formats which may be manually imported into the reference managers without needing to connect to one particular database. Many of these database companies use the same name for their file format as they do for their database (including Copac, CSA, ISI, Medline, Ovid, PubMed, and SciFinder). For the ability to retrieve citations from the particular databases (rather than the file format), please refer to the database connectivity table that is below this table.
Word processor integration.
Most reference management software supports copy/paste or drag-and-drop of references into any editor. Some reference management software includes further support for automatic embedding and (re)formatting of references in some programs. This table lists support for the latter for Microsoft Word and Apache OpenOffice / LibreOffice Writer and the LaTeX editors Kile and LyX. Other programs are able to scan RTF or other textual formats to insert references.
Database connectivity.
This table lists the academic databases and search engines which reference managers can import from. In some cases, a search and retrieval can be conducted directly in the reference manager. In others, a bookmarklet or Firefox extension will allow a site to be scraped.
Password "protection" and network versions.
Some reference managers provide network functionality. (N/A means the product has no networking, while "no" indicates it does (but lacks an implemented feature).)

</doc>
<doc id="9922507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922507" title="Dangerous Minds (TV series)">
Dangerous Minds (TV series)

Dangerous Minds is an American drama television series that aired on ABC network between September 1996 and March 1997. The series is based on the motion picture film, "Dangerous Minds". Annie Potts stars in the lead role originated by Michelle Pfeiffer.
Plot.
Based on a real person and on the movie of the same name, Marine veteran Louanne Johnson is an unconventional teacher who inspires her class of bright but "difficult" inner-city students, and makes a real difference in their lives, outside school as well as inside.
Episode list.
All 17 episodes are 60 minutes long.
Season 1 (1996-1997)
Episode 1 
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, September 30, 1996)
Louanne has misgivings about the job, and scant details about her predecessor. As Louanne starts to connect with the kids, three draw special attention: one tough who misses school to help his family financially; an aggressive lad interested in trains; and a girl who's raising her own child. Soon, Louanne finds that she, too, may need help-when she faces the girl's abusive boyfriend. 
Episode 2 
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, October 7, 1996
Due to financial cutbacks, Louanne accepts a student's suggestion to hold a fund-raiser; Gusmaro becomes increasingly disturbed about belonging to a street gang. 
Episode 3
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, October 14, 1996
Louanne arranges for Cornelius to return to school, an action which angers Bartkus; Gusmaro is reluctant to list his date of birth and Social Security number on a form; and the students prepare for a practice job interview. 
Episode 4
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, October 21, 1996
Louanne tries to reach a new student, "a hyperactive underachiever", and she makes a first visit to Mickey's Tavern, the faculty's weekly hangout. Meanwhile, James is inspired by Mr. Griffin to plant an apricot tree in the schoolyard.
Episode 5
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, October 28, 1996
When an unpopular student is slain, it turns out there's no one to bury him; the father of Callie's daughter returns, which delights the little girl, but not Callie; James and Gusmaro try to turn a goose into a pet. 
Episode 6
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, November 11, 1996
Louanne tries to understand "the code" to which her students adhere when two students swear that they won't continue a fight, and after Gusmaro is arrested for stealing a CD that someone else placed in his backpack. The class visits Alcatraz. 
Episode 7
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, November 18, 1996
When Blanca contemplates having a baby with her boyfriend so he can leave his gang, Louanne presses her to reconsider; James thinks his community service will be a piece of cake until he's ordered to serve as companion to a severely disabled boy; and Callie worries about her daughter's safety when Callie's mother's boyfriend becomes abusive. 
Episode 8
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, November 25, 1996
After James is viciously beaten in the locker room, Louanne places herself in jeopardy by trying to find the attackers. Meanwhile, Gusmaro, also attempting to help, considers joining a new gang; and Cornelius seeks a videotape that depicts the assault. 
Episode 9
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, December 9, 1996
After Callie shows compassion for a convicted child molester who's being beaten by protestors, her reaction is questioned by others. Meanwhile, Chaka and James try to photograph a ghost; and Blanca is hospitalized with a bleeding ulcer. 
Episode 10
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, December 16, 1996
When the students suspect a newcomer of being a narc, Louanne tries to prove them wrong. Meanwhile, Callie is worried about possible repercussions for having informed on a drug dealer; and Hal asks Louanne out to dinner. 
Episode 11
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, December 30, 1996
Cornelius is attracted to Callie and encourages by Mr. Griffin to ask her out. Meanwhile, James, who wants to have his grades raised in order to try out for basketball, strikes a deal with Louanne.
Episode 12
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, January 6, 1997)
The news that her ex-husband is remarrying affects Louanne; a teacher's death causes Barkus to change his approach to students; and Cornelius is reluctant to take his graffiti talents to a higher level. 
Episode 13
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, January 13, 1997
Louanne arranges for a house to be built by volunteer labor for Blanca and her family, whose home was destroyed by fire. But when she asks the students for their help, she learns that the construction site is disputed territory between two rival gangs.
Episode 14
<br>Original Air Dates-Monday, February 10, 1997
The students ask (and some fail to ask) each other to a school Valentine's dance; Louanne takes a job as a waitress; Gusmaro works delivering liquor; and a new student joins the academy program.
Episode 15
<br>Original Air Dates-Saturday, March 1, 1997
Gusmaro is with Louanne when preteens steal her car, and his self-confidence is shaken as a result. Meanwhile, Mr. Griffin brings Tibetan monks to school to talk about nonviolence; and James takes driving lessons from Mr. Bartkus. 
Episode 16
<br>Original Air Dates-Saturday, March 8, 1997
As the school's 50th anniversary approaches, Gusmaro discovers that the man for whom its named was a racist. Meanwhile, Blanca learns a secret about Garrity and spreads it; and Alvina rebels against the cafeteria's food.
Episode 17
<br>Original Air Dates-Saturday, March 15, 1997
After Louanne hugs a distressed student, the lad accuses her of molesting him. While her class and the faculty support her, opposition comes from the boy's father, who is president of the school board.
Criticism.
Producers Andrew Schneider and Diane Frolov made a character based on real life former U.S. Marine, teacher and author LouAnne Johnson do things that she herself thinks are unethical, inadvisable and silly. In one episode, the character LouAnne Johnson took her students to a strip club to organize a fundraiser for their school by participating in a hair war. The producers thought that this would make her cute and endearing, ignoring the fact that they wrote LouAnne into taking her underage students to a strip club. In another episode a black character threatens to shoot her teacher because LouAnne encourages his girlfriend to go to college. This never happened outside of the show and the real LouAnne Johnson knew that depicting African American males as violent was wrong and unrealistic.

</doc>
<doc id="9922511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922511" title="Kati Simveni">
Kati Simveni

Kati Simveni (; ) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. The album was released in Greece and Cyprus by CBS Greece in 1985. This album includes her signature song "Dodeka". The album reached gold status.
Background.
Following the gold certification and success of "Na Hes Kardia", her label suggested Vissi collaborate with successful writer Antonis Vardis. She accepted the collaboration with Vardis, but on condition that her husband Nikos Karvelas has half participation in the production. The result was five songs by Vardis and five by Karvelas.
Release.
Though the album was first released on vinyl LP and cassettes in September 1985, five tracks made it into the digital release of next Vissi's album "I Epomeni Kinisi" in December 1986 as bonus tracks. These tracks were: "Dodeka", "San Ke Mena Kamia", "Kati Simveni", "Ti Eho Na Haso", "Ki Omos Ehis Figi", as appeared on the CD's tracklisting. This means they were among the first songs in Greece ever to be released on the newly-then marketed format.
The full album was officially released on CD format in 1992 as a joint package with 1984's album "Na 'Hes Kardia". In 1996, a separate version of the album was released. Music and lyrics are by Antonis Vardis, Sarantis Alivizatos, Manos Koufianakis and Nikos Karvelas.
Reception.
The first single "Dodeka" peaked on the radio stations almost immediately and soon became number one. It would become her signature song and is considered a classic song of pop music in Greece.
Second single "San Ke Mena Kamia" also had the success of "Dodeka" by reaching number one. Both tracks were released on a promotional vinyl 45 rpm disc in 1985.
Covers.
Anna Vissi released live recordings of her songs "Dodeka" and "San kai mena kamia" in her 1993 and 2004 live albums. Also a "Dodeka" video clip was shot live in Asteria Night Club in 2000, and a "Dodeka/Den Thelo Na Ksereis" medley video clip was shot to promote her 2004 Live album.
The song "Ki Omos Ehis Figi" was covered in 1999 by Greek singer Elli Kokkinou for her debut studio album "Epikindyna Paihnidia".
Credits and Personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9922524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922524" title="Gao Yuanyuan">
Gao Yuanyuan

Gao Yuanyuan (born October 5, 1975
) is a Chinese actress.
Biography.
Gao was born in Beijing on October 5, 1975 and entered the entertainment industry in 1996. Gao, unlike other mainland Chinese actresses, did not graduate from any drama academic institutions. Rather, she started her stardom by acting in a television commercial for Meadow Gold ice-cream after being spotted off the street at Beijing's Wang Fu Jing Shopping District.
She appeared as a minor role in the 1997 comedy film "Spicy Love Soup", directed by Zhang Yang. While in 2000, she starred in an advertisement for Qing Zui (fresh mouth) mint during CCTV's broadcast of the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games, and is thus known to viewers as "fresh mouth girl".
In 2002, she played the leading role of Zhou Zhiruo in "The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber", a television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title. Increasingly well known in Asia, Gao has also made inroads into the international market. In 2005, she was on the red carpet at the 58th Cannes Film Festival, where her film "Shanghai Dreams", directed by Wang Xiaoshuai, won the Prix de Jury prize. Jackie Chan has described her as "having the freshest look and chaste spirit that no Hong Kong actress could approach". Chan also picked Gao up as his partner in the action comedy film "Rob-B-Hood".
Gao was also selected in 2008 to be a torch bearer in the Nanjing leg of the torch relay for the 2008 Summer Olympics on 27 May.
From 2007 to 2008, Gao starred as Jiang Shuyun in "City of Life and Death", a fictional account of events during the Nanjing Massacre. The film won the top prize at the 2009 San Sebastian Film Festival. Moreover, Gao became FIYTA's Brand Ambassador in 2011 and took a series of street snaps in Milan Fashion Week by wearing FIYTA watches.

</doc>
<doc id="9922553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922553" title="George Oliver (politician)">
George Oliver (politician)

George Harold Oliver QC (24 November 1888 – 22 September 1984) was a British engineer, barrister and politician who was for a longtime Member of Parliament (MP) for Ilkeston and served briefly as a junior government minister.
Early career.
Oliver was born in Bolton and educated at Holy Trinity School in the town. He became an engineer working as a gear cutter for Rolls Royce, and when the works were moved to Derby, he moved with them. He also joined the Amalgamated Society of Engineers and became shop steward of the works; his union activity brought him into the Labour Party and was elected to Derby Town Council as a Labour Party candidate. As an engineering worker he was not called up to fight in the First World War.
Parliamentary candidate.
At the 1918 general election Oliver fought Ilkeston, an area not far from Derby. He enjoyed a straight fight with J. E. B. Seely, a Coalition Liberal, but lost by 1,698 votes. He remained involved in the constituency; from 1921, he was organising agent of the Worker's Union. He was adopted again as candidate for the 1922 general election; this time he was successful by 1,084.
Retraining.
He was re-elected in 1923, and during the Labour government he seconded a motion calling for a national minimum wage. He also supported exemption from entertainments duty for charitable entertainments. After the Labour government lost a vote of no confidence, Oliver was again re-elected in the 1924 general election. He had determined to retrain as a trade union lawyer, and was called to the Bar by the Middle Temple in 1927. Shortly after he persuaded the Home Secretary to halt the planned hanging of one of his constituents who had been convicted of murder.
In March 1930 Oliver initiated a debate on the development of civilian air transport. He supported opening cinemas on Sundays, and also supported restrictions on the use of motor cars in elections, arguing that it was taking the opportunity to adjust the balance between rich and poor. However, Oliver could not survive the Conservative landslide at the 1931 general election: he lost by only two votes in the equal closest election result during universal franchise.
Out of Parliament.
Out of Parliament, Oliver worked as a Barrister for the Transport and General Workers Union. He acted for the union at an inquest into the poisoning deaths of three workers at the British Celanese artificial silk factory at Spondon in 1934. At the 1935 general election he regained his seat by 10,601 votes.
When selected to introduce a Private Member's Bill in February 1936, Oliver chose to bring in a Bill to extend the jurisdiction of County Courts. He was also involved in the Labour Party conference in 1939, when he moved the expulsion from the party of Aneurin Bevan and three others because of their involvement in the 'Popular Front' movement attempting to build an alliance with the Liberal Party. In 1943 he was chair of the Labour Party Conference Arrangements Committee.
Minister.
Oliver was appointed Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Home Office in the Attlee government in August 1945. He acted as chairman of a departmental committee looking into the electoral registration system from 1945 to 1947, which recommended a return to the system of street canvassing to get people registered to vote. He left the government in October 1947. In 1949 he was appointed as a King's Counsel.
Boundary changes gave him a very safe seat and in the 1951 general election his majority of 30,398 was the fourth largest in the country. In February 1952 he was chosen to be one of the members of the House of Commons to call on the Queen Mother to extend Parliament's condolences on the death of King George VI.
Elder statesman.
As an elder statesman, Oliver began to cast more dissenting votes. In July 1960 he supported a Conservative government motion supporting political and economic unity in Europe. In 1963 he was named to a committee investigating the pay for Members of Parliament. Oliver stood down at the 1964 general election, but lived to be 95.

</doc>
<doc id="9922554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922554" title="Element name">
Element name

Element name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9922598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922598" title="Brett Gardner">
Brett Gardner

Brett Michael Gardner (born August 24, 1983) is an American professional baseball player. An outfielder, Gardner plays in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees. He made his MLB debut with the Yankees in 2008. Gardner, who is , bats and throws left-handed.
College career.
In 2003, Gardner attended walk-on tryouts for the baseball team at the College of Charleston. After the tryouts, Coach John Pawlowski told the players that he would contact them if they made the team. Without hearing a word from the coach, Gardner came to the field the next day for the first official practice, wearing his high school uniform. When Pawlowski asked Gardner why he was there, Gardner told him that he knew he was capable of playing at the Division I level. Pawlowski told Gardner that he could practice with the team, but if at any time if Pawlowski saw that Gardner wasn't capable then he would be let go.
Gardner was a three-year starter for the College of Charleston Cougars. In 2004, he was chosen to the All-Southern Conference Team. His .447 batting average was third in the nation in 2005, and his 122 hits tied for most in the country. His 85 runs in 2005 is the all-time record at College of Charleston, and his 38 stolen bases led the Southern Conference. He wrapped up his collegiate career as a third-team All-American and a second-time All-Southern Conference player. He had a .382 batting average, .456 on-base percentage, and .508 slugging percentage with the Cougars, mostly from the lead-off spot.:)
Professional career.
After his junior year in college he was drafted by the Yankees in the third round in 2005 and received a $210,000 signing bonus.
Minor leagues.
Gardner finished the 2005 season in the New York-Penn League season ranking 5th in at bats (with 282), 2nd in runs (62), and 5th in stolen bases (19). He was a Florida State League all star in 2006, batting .323 in 63 games with 22 RBIs with the Tampa Yankees. He was 3rd in the Florida State League in batting average and led the league in stolen bases with 30. Gardner also was second in the league in walks with 47.
In 2007, he played 54 games for the Double-A Trenton Thunder, though he missed time with a broken bone in his hand. In 203 at bats, he stole 18 bases (tied for 5th in the league; while being caught 4 times), hit 5 triples, and batted .300 with a .392 OBP, before being promoted to the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees. There, in 45 games he batted .260 with a .343 OBP, and stole 21 bases while being caught only 3 times.
In the fall of 2007, he played in 26 games in the Arizona Fall League, leading it in runs (27) and stolen bases (16), while being caught stealing only once. He batted .343 (5th in the league) with a .433 obp (3rd) and was 3rd in the league in walks (17). In 2007, he was the 12th-best prospect in the Yankees minor league system according to "Baseball America".
Gardner headed into 2008, according to "Baseball America", as the Yankees' fastest minor league runner and the one with the best plate discipline. Playing for Scranton/Wilkes Barre in 2008, in 94 games Gardner was 2nd in the International League with a .414 on-base percentage, 70 walks, and 11 triples, and 6th in the IL with 37 stolen bases, while being caught only 9 times.
Through 2008 in the minor leagues, he had a .291 batting average and a .389 OBP. He had stolen 153 bases, and been caught 31 times, an 83% success rate.
New York Yankees.
2008–2010.
On June 30, 2008, Gardner was called up and made his major league debut, batting lead-off and going 0 for 3 with a stolen base. On July 2, he got both his first hit and first RBI off fellow rookie, Texas Rangers relief pitcher Warner Madrigal, in the seventh inning. Gardner went on to steal second and eventually score in that inning. On July 26, 2008, Gardner was optioned back to AAA after the acquisition of Xavier Nady in order to continue to receive playing time. The Yankees recalled Gardner on August 15 .
On September 21, 2008, Gardner scored the final run of Major League Baseball in Yankee Stadium history as a pinch runner for Jason Giambi, scoring on a sacrifice fly by Robinson Canó in the seventh inning of an eventual 7–3 win for the Yankees over the Baltimore Orioles. Gardner finished his rookie season playing 42 games batting .228 with 16 RBI and 13 stolen bases.
Gardner was named the Yankees' starting center fielder for the 2009 season on March 29, 2009, beating out Melky Cabrera for the position. Gardner played 108 games during the 2009 season batting .270 with 3 home runs, 23 RBI, and 26 stolen bases. Gardner was also part of the Yankees postseason run as the team won the World Series for the first time since 2000 by beating the Philadelphia Phillies.
Gardner finished the 2010 season with a .277 batting average and 47 stolen bases in 150 games. He also won the 2010 Fielding Bible Award as the best defensive left fielder in MLB.
On December 7, 2010, Gardner underwent surgery to get rid of inflamed tissue in his wrist, with Yankees GM Brian Cashman supporting that he would be back in time for Spring Training 
2011–present.
Gardner started the 2011 season hitting lead off for the Yankees. He struggled in that role and was demoted to the bottom 3rd of the order. However, after Derek Jeter was put on the disabled list for a calf injury, Gardner was returned to the top of the order, alternating with Nick Swisher. Since Jeter's return, and Alex Rodriguez's stint on the DL for knee surgery, Gardner and Jeter have periodically shared the top of the order, with Gardner as lead-off and Jeter batting 2nd.
Gardner finished the 2011 season tied for first in the American League in stolen bases with Coco Crisp, each having 49 stolen bases. Gardner won his second consecutive Fielding Bible Award as the best fielding left fielder in MLB. Gardner played in 159 games batting .259 with 7 home runs and 36 RBI.
Gardner and the Yankees agreed on a $2.8 million contract for the 2012 season, avoiding arbitration. Gardner experienced an elbow injury in 2012 and was expected to return in August. On July 16, Gardner suffered a setback and his chances of missing the entire season increased. On July 24, Gardner underwent right elbow surgery. He was reactivated on September 25, 2012 after Steve Pearce and Justin Thomas were designated for assignment. Gardner only played in 16 games during 2012 batting .323 with 2 stolen bases and 3 RBI.
With Curtis Granderson fracturing his right forearm during a spring training game, Gardner was moved to center field for the 2013 season. On April 14, 2013, Gardner hit his first home run off a lefty since he hit his first grand slam off of Ricky Romero.
On August 11, 2013, Gardner hit his first career walk-off home run with two outs in the bottom of the 9th inning off of Detroit Tigers reliever Jose Veras. Consequently, the homer sealed a 5–4 victory for the Yankees, and helped give support to a struggling Mariano Rivera, who blew three consecutive save opportunities for the first time in his career. In the same series against Detroit two days earlier, Gardner made his first bailout of Rivera's pitching mishap by hitting a walk-off single past a diving Miguel Cabrera to give the Yankees a 4–3 win. According to Elias Sports Bureau, Gardner became the first Yankee since Claudell Washington in 1988 to have two walk-off hits in span of three or fewer games.
On February 23, 2014, the Yankees and Gardner agreed to a four-year, $52 million extension to begin in 2015. 
Player profile.
Gardner is considered one of the fastest players in Major League Baseball. He is best known for stealing bases and being very disciplined at the plate. He makes contact with 93% of his swings, third best in the American League. In 2010, Gardner saw more pitches per at-bat than any other player in the American League.
Personal life.
Brett and his wife Jessica have 2 sons, Hunter and Miller. Gardner has one older brother. His father, Jerry Gardner, played in the minors for the Phillies. In the off-season, the Gardners reside in Summerville, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9922601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922601" title="The Early Tapes">
The Early Tapes

The Early Tapes (July/August 1980), also known as Strategy, is the second album released, but first to be recorded, by the British group Level 42. The band subsequently signed to Polydor, who bought the masters from Elite and issued it in March 1982. It features Level 42's first two singles - "Love Meeting Love" (UK #61) and "(Flying On The) Wings Of Love" (UK #76). Most of the tracks are instrumental.
Personnel.
Plus:

</doc>
<doc id="9922625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922625" title="Albert von Memerty">
Albert von Memerty

Albert von Memerty (December 8, 1814 – January 24, 1896) was a general in the armies of the Kingdom of Prussia and Imperial Germany.
Memerty was born in Damsdorf near Bütow in Pomerania. He enlisted in the Prussian Army on March 8, 1832, joining Inf. Rgt. Nr. 4 as a soldier. Promotions to Officer took place on April 18, 1835; to Captain in 1852; and to Major in 1859 with the 13. Westphalian Reserve Regiment. The regiment became the 5th Westphalian Inf. Rgt. Nr. 53 following a reorganization of the Army. 
Memerty first saw combat in Prussia's Second Schleswig War against Denmark. He took part in the Battle of Dybbøl and in the Battle of Als. 
Just before the outbreak of the Austro-Prussian War in 1866, Memerty was named Colonel and Commander of the 4. East Prussian Grenadiers Regiment Nr. 5. He led that regiment on June 27 during the Battle of Trautenau. 
At the beginning of the Franco-Prussian War, he was promoted to General Major and placed in command of Rgts. 4 and 44, which together comprised the 3. Infantry Brigade, which was in turn part of the First Army under General Karl Friedrich von Steinmetz. He saw combat in that war with the Battle of Colombey-Rouilly on August 14, then on August 31-September 1 at the Battle of Noiseville. He participated in the Siege of Metz, though he was forced to take leave due to illness. He last saw combat during the Battle of Pertry-Poeuilly on January 17, 1871, during which he was seriously wounded. 
Memerty was awarded the Iron Cross First Class and the Pour le Merite for his achievements. On November 2, 1871 he was named Commander of Danzig, and, following his promotion to Lt. General, on August 14, 1875, was granted his pension. 
Memerty died on January 24, 1896 at Wiesbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="9922656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922656" title="Empnefsi!">
Empnefsi!

Empnefsi! is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in December 1988 by CBS Greece. It featured ten pop songs, written by her then-husband Nikos Karvelas. The album reached Gold status. In 1997, a remastered version of the original album was released on CD.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Nikos Karvelas.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes 

</doc>
<doc id="9922664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922664" title="Brian Iwuh">
Brian Iwuh

Brian Iwuh (born March 8, 1984) is a former American football linebacker who played for six seasons in the National Football League (NFL). After playing college football for Colorado, he was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played for the Jaguars for four seasons, the Chicago Bears for two seasons, and the Denver Broncos in the 2011–12 NFL playoffs.
Early years.
Iwuh played high school football at Worthing High School in Houston, Texas. He earned All-League honors for three straight years. He also lettered in track, basketball and swimming.
College career.
Iwuh played college football at Colorado. During his senior year he earned All-Big 12 Conference honors. He finished his college career with 216 tackles, 23 sacks and five interceptions.
Professional career.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
Iwuh was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He was released on April 26, 2010.
Chicago Bears.
Iwuh signed with the Chicago Bears on May 24, 2010. He was waived on November 29, 2011.
Denver Broncos.
Iwuh signed with the Denver Broncos on January 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9922668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922668" title="Joe Rizzo">
Joe Rizzo

Joe Rizzo (born December 17, 1950 in Glen Cove, New York) is a former linebacker of the Denver Broncos. He played for the Broncos from 1974 to 1980 and was a starter in Super Bowl XII and member of the Orange Crush Defense. He had 9 career interceptions. He was part of one of the most dominant linebacking corps in NFL history. Known as the Orange Crush, it consisted of, Joe Rizzo, Randy Gradishar, Tom Jackson and Bob Swenson. The corp was named the 9th best linebacking corps in NFL history by nfl.com. Joe was also voted by Bronco fans as one of the top 10 linebackers in the 50 year history (1959-2009) of the Denver Broncos. 
A commercial real estate broker since 1984, Joe owns a commercial real estate firm and resides in Wilmington, NC.

</doc>
<doc id="9922671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922671" title="Airwolf (helicopter)">
Airwolf (helicopter)

Airwolf is the helicopter from the 1980s American eponymous television series. Its fictional features included stratospheric ceiling, stealth noise signature, a wide range of weapons and even supersonic speed. "Airwolf" was in fact a conventional Bell 222 helicopter modified by attaching some film props.
Bell 222 example.
The flying "Airwolf" was derived from an example of Bell 222, a twin-turboshaft helicopter produced for the civilian market and typically employed for corporate, emergency medical or utility transport missions, with seating for up to 10, including the pilot.
The airframe used for "Airwolf" was serial number 47085 (registration number N3176S), of the initial production version, sometimes unofficially called a Bell 222A. During filming of the series the helicopter was owned by JetCopters Inc. in Van Nuys, California.
After the show was canceled the modifications were removed (now owned by a private collector) from the actual helicopter. It was repainted and eventually sold to the German helicopter charter company, Hubschrauber-Sonder-Dienst (aka HSD Luftrettung and Blue Helicopter Alliance), and given the registration number D-HHSD. While operating as an air ambulance the helicopter crashed in fog on June 6, 1992, killing all three of its occupants.
A new, full-size replica of the "Airwolf" helicopter was created for display in the short-lived Helicopter Headquarters museum in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee that opened in August 2006, using a non-flying Bell 222 with molds taken directly from the originals used in the show. The museum was unsuccessful, and offered the replica for sale through eBay. The replica is now housed in the Tennessee Museum of Aviation, Sevierville, Tennessee.
The "Airwolf" helicopter.
"Airwolf" was painted "Phantom Gray Metallic" (DuPont Imron 5031X) on top, and a custom pearl-gray (almost white) on the bottom, in a countershaded pattern. The craft was also fitted with various prop modifications, such as "turbo jet" engines and intakes, an in-air refueling nozzle and blister cowling on the nose, retractable chain guns at the wingtips, and a retractable rocket launcher, known as the "ADF Pod" (ADF standing for All Directional Firing, as the pod could rotate 180 degrees to fire at targets at the sides - 90 degrees to the left, forward, or 90 degrees to the right) on its belly.
The look of the modifications was designed by Andrew Probert, and they were first applied to the non-flying mock-up (built from the body of the very first Bell 222, serial number 47001). From this mock-up molds were made so that parts could be made to FAA specifications before they were added to the flying helicopter. After the maiden flight with the modifications, primary pilot David Jones told the producer that "It flies better now than before!"
After the first season, the producers were advised that "chain gun" is a registered trademark of McDonnell Douglas, and they were not referred to as such again. The machine guns mounted on the side of the landing gear sponsons were mock-ups that used spark plugs and fuel to simulate gun firing. Other modifications were implied with Foley and sets; the interior sets were of a fantastical high-tech nature, and there were implied "stealth" noise-reducing capabilities with creative use of sound effects. On the show, the deployment of the weapons systems were usually shown via close-ups of the action; in reality, these close-ups were produced on props off-site, while the non-moving prop components were attached to the aircraft by a technician in the field or at the JetCopters hangar.
The concept behind Airwolf was a super fast and armed helicopter that could "blend in" by appearing to be civilian and non-military in origin, a "wolf in sheep's clothing". Airwolf's insignia patch (also designed by Probert) as worn by the flight-crew was a snarling wolf's head with gossamer wings that appears to be wearing a sheepskin complete with the head of lamb over the wolf's forehead. "Airwolf" is sometimes referred to in-show as "The Lady" by Santini and Hawke.
In the show, "Airwolf" was an armored, stealthy aircraft. It could perform impossible maneuvers and stunts, including traveling at mach speeds (the theoretical maximum speed of a helicopter is significantly below Mach 0.5, or half the speed of sound), flying upside down, and flying into the stratosphere. Some of these impossible capabilities are explained in the show by such features as auxiliary jet engines (visible at the roots of the landing gear sponsons), rotor blades that can be disengaged for supersonic flight and a lifting body fuselage.
Sound effects were also associated with many of the aircraft's abilities. When "Airwolf" bolted across the sky in "turbo boost" mode, one would hear it "howl like a wolf" as it made a glass-shattering sound effect. When sitting idle, the aircraft made a mechanical trilling sound, and while hovering the rotor blades made a ghostly wind drone.
The weapons were state-of-the-art, with machine guns that could rip apart tanks and bunkers. The belly missile pod could fire a variety of rockets, including air-to-surface Mavericks, Hellfires, and heat-seeking air-to-air Sidewinders. When fired, these rockets usually glowed like a laser bolt or "photon torpedo" from "Star Trek". "Airwolf" was also equipped with an advanced computer system which could identify and track aircraft and ground vehicles. It could display 3D wireframe models and schematics of its targets. The communications system could eavesdrop on radio and telephone conversations, tap into and foul up computer systems, jam enemy transmission frequencies and disrupt ground-based electrical systems. The stealth systems were capable of rendering Airwolf invisible to radar, as well as producing multiple radar returns. The weapons system could be tied in with the communications system to lock the missiles onto any monitored electronic system. In the first episode, a Bullpup missile was launched from Airwolf against an American destroyer while the helicopter was being used by its in-story inventor, Doctor Charles Henry Moffet.
In one episode ("Airwolf II"), "Airwolf" had a twin, "Airwolf II", also known as "Redwolf". Redwolf was secretly built by The FIRM to replace "Airwolf", but was subsequently stolen and flown by Harlan Jenkins, its egotistical creator and test-pilot rival of Stringfellow Hawke. "Redwolf" differed from "Airwolf" in that its underbelly was painted red (where Airwolf was painted pearl-grey). It was also equipped with a powerful laser weapon coupled with a quick-firing, single-tube rocket pod (although in reality it had no external modifications to the Bell 222 like Airwolf). Season 4 also featured a similar copter to "Redwolf", known as the "Scorpion", though the footage of the dogfighting was recycled from the "Airwolf II" episode.
Models.
Over the years a number of licensed Airwolf models have been available.

</doc>
<doc id="9922672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922672" title="KJCM">
KJCM

KJCM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9922685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922685" title="Jenő Kalmár">
Jenő Kalmár

Jenő Kalmár (21 March 1908 - 13 January 1990), also referred to as János Kalmar or Kálmár Jenő, is a former Hungarian footballer and coach. As a player Kalmar played for both MTK Hungária FC and Hungary. During the 1928-29 season he finished as top goalscorer for MTK, scoring 20 goals.
In the early 1950s Kálmár was manager at Honvéd and with a team that included Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, Sándor Kocsis, József Bozsik, László Budai, Gyula Lóránt and Gyula Grosics, he guided them to four Hungarian League titles. As the Honvéd manager, he also played a prominent role in the development of the legendary Hungary team known as the "Mighty Magyars" and during this era he also served as an assistant coach to the national team coach, Gusztáv Sebes.
After the Hungarian Revolution, Kálmár like his former players, Puskás, Czibor and Kocsis, ended up in Spain where he managed several La Liga clubs with moderate success. He coached Wacker Wien, and after a brief spell at Sevilla CF, he guided Granada CF to the 1959 Copa del Generalísimo final. They lost 4-1 to a CF Barcelona team that included Kocsis. Kocsis scored twice for Barça while the Granada CF goal was scored by Arsenio Iglesias. In 1967 Kálmár took RCD Español to third in La Liga and during two spells with CD Málaga in the 1970s he guided them to promotion twice.
Honours.
"Manager"
Honvéd
Granada CF
CD Málaga
"Player"
MTK Hungária FC/Hungária FC

</doc>
<doc id="9922692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922692" title="Midland Square">
Midland Square

, officially called , is a skyscraper located in the Meieki district of Nakamura-ku, Nagoya, Japan. It opened in early 2007. It is the fifth tallest building in Japan behind Yokohama Landmark Tower, Rinku Gate Tower Building, Osaka World Trade Center Building and Midtown Tower. Midland Square houses offices of many companies including Toyota Motor Corporation, Towa Real Estate and Mainichi Shimbun. 
At 247m (810 feet), it is slightly taller than the nearby JR Central Towers. Midland Square features a shopping center with 60 name-brand stores, two automobile showrooms and a cinema. It also holds the record for the highest open-air observation deck in Japan. Also of note are the unusual double-floored elevators, which take only 40 seconds to rise to the top.

</doc>
<doc id="9922705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922705" title="Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata">
Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata

The Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata () was a title given to the executive officers of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata according to the form of government established in 1814 by the "" (Assembly of Year XIII). The supreme director was to wield power for a term of two years.
The assembly hoped to confront the royalists, who had been emboldened by internal dissension within the patriotic faction. To prevent abuses of power, the directorship would be combined with a state council of nine members and would be required to answer to a congress empowered to carry out legislation.
After the resignation of José Rondeau following the unitarian defeat at the Battle of Cepeda, the office of Supreme Director was briefly assumed by Juan Pedro Aguirre. He endorsed the Buenos Aires Cabildo to name a governor for the province of Buenos Aires as the national congress dissolved itself on 16 February 1820, effectively ending the centralism in the national government and giving way to a new federal reorganization for the country, which was immediately formalized by the Treaty of Pilar on 23 February 1820.
For the traditional liberal historiography, exemplified by Bartolomé Mitre's works, the aftermath of the dissolution of the centralist government led to the "" (Anarchy of the 1820s). Until 1826 there would not be any central authority among the provinces of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9922752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922752" title="Badi Assad">
Badi Assad

Badi Assad (born 23 December 1966) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, percussionist and guitarist in the jazz and worldbeat genres.
Early life and education.
Assad was born in São João da Boa Vista in the state of São Paulo, Brazil, but lived in Rio de Janeiro until she was twelve. Her father, Jorge Assad, of Lebanese descent, plays bandolim (mandolin), and her two older brothers are classical guitarists Sérgio Assad and Odair Assad of Duo Assad.
Musical career.
Assad studied classical guitar at the University of Rio de Janeiro and won the Young Instrumentalists Contest (“Concurso Jovens Instrumentistas for Young Musicians”) in Rio de Janeiro in 1984. She released her first solo album, "Dança dos Tons", in 1988. In 1989 she was selected out of two hundred women to perform as one of two vocalists in the play "Mulheres de Hollanda," a musical written by Tatiana Cobbett, based on the works of Chico Buarque de Holanda. Assad has also been featured in the Heineken Concerts in 1992 with Raul de Souza, Heraldo do Monte and Roberto Sion, and in 1993 with Rafael Rabello, Dori Caymmi and Marisa Monte. In 1994, she became associated with Chesky Records and produced the album "Solo", followed in 1995 with "Rhythms", which won Guitar Player Magazine’s readers’ poll for "Best Classical Album of the Year". Assad, who sings in English and Portuguese, was voted Best Acoustic Fingerstyle Guitarist by the editors of Guitar Player in 1995. 
Due to a motor disability she was unable to play between 1998 and 2001, but made a complete recovery and released a collaborative album with her former husband Jeff Young in 2002 called "Nowhere", and "3 Guitars" the following year for Chesky. Her song "Waves" was in Spain’s top 10,

</doc>
<doc id="9922775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922775" title="Tora (Anna Vissi album)">
Tora (Anna Vissi album)

Tora is the name of a 1988 music album by singer Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus by CBS Greece.
Reception.
The lead single "1988 Ki Akoma S' Agapo" was well received by radio stations, rising to the top of the charts. The song is considered a classic Greek ballad and a pop standard. After the release of other top 5 singles, the song "Ta Mathitika Hronia" was released. It became a big hit and remains one of Vissi's most recognizable songs from the 80's. Another hit from the album was "Ta Koritsia Einai Atakta". Later that year, Vissi started a popular radio program named after that song, receiving critical acclaim. The radio program lasted until 1992.
The album itself was successful, selling enough to become one of the top albums of 1988 in Greece. Its longevity throughout that year was noteworthy, as Vissi was releasing one hit after another.
In 1996, a remastered version of the album was released on CD.
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas and Anna Vissi.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9922789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922789" title="Pete Finnerty">
Pete Finnerty

Pete Finnerty (born 4 March 1964 in Mullagh, County Galway, Ireland) is an Irish former hurling coach and former player.
Regarded as one of his county's all-time greats, Finnerty enjoyed a distinguished playing career at club level with Mullagh and at inter-county level with Galway. He was a wing-back on the latter team from 1985 until 1994 and collected two All-Ireland titles, one National Hurling League title and five All-Star awards.
In retirement from playing Finnerty has maintained a keen association with the game. He has been a long-serving hurling analyst with RTÉ on both "the Sunday Game" and "Sunday Sport". From 2007 until 2010 Finnerty served as coach, under the management of Martin Brennan, to the Mayo senior hurling team.
Biography.
Pete Finnerty was born in Mullagh, County Galway in 1964. From a young age he showed great interest in the game of hurling and, in time, he would become a key member of the great Galway team of the 1980s. He was educated principally at Ballinasloe secondary school where he fostered a reputation for himself as a no-nonsense defender. It was here that Finnerty first tasted success winning three All-Ireland Vocational Schools medals. Finnerty later worked with Bank of Ireland and also owns a franchise Supermac's restaurant in Tuam since opening it in the early 1990s.
Playing career.
Club.
Finnerty played his club hurling with Mullagh, the club made famous by the legendary Tony Reddin.
Inter-county.
Finnerty's hurling exploits in secondary school lead to an automatic selection on the Galway minor hurling team. He played against Tipperary in the All-Ireland minor final of 1982, however, he ended up on the losing side that day. Finnerty quickly graduated onto Galway's under-21 team, subsequently winning an All-Ireland medal with the side in 1983. His son Alan is one of the brightest football prospects in Galway at the moment. He is currently player - manager of the Cortoon Shamrocks u21 team.
That same year Finnerty made his senior debut in a National Hurling League game and he captured a place of his own on the team by the time the 1985 championship got underway. That year he played in his first All-Ireland final, however, victory went to Offaly on the day. In spite of this he was still presented with an All-Star award. In 1986 Galway reached another All-Ireland final, however, they were again defeated, this time by Cork. A second All-Star was collected by Finnerty. In 1987, in their third All-Ireland final appearance in-a-row, Galway took on Kilkenny. At the third time of asking Galway emerged victorious and Finnerty finally captured his first All-Ireland medal at senior level, before collecting his third All-Star award.
In 1988 Tipperary were Galway's opponents in their fourth consecutive All-Ireland final appearance. Finnerty had another solid performance at wing-back and claimed his second All-Ireland title in the process, before later winning his fourth consecutive All-Star award. In 1989 Finnerty began the year by winning his first National Hurling League title, however, Galway's star centre-back, Tony Keady, was banned from playing for a year. The side had contemplated withdrawing from the championship in protest, however, they decided to play, eventually losing out to Tipp in the All-Ireland semi-final. In 1990 Finnerty played in his fifth All-Ireland final in six seasons. Galway were the hot favourites to beat Cork and it looked as if that prediction would come true when the tribesmen went 7 points up. Cork clawed their way back and eventually went on to win on a scoreline of 5-15 to 2-21. In spite of this loss Finnerty still won a fifth All-Star award.
Two years later in 1992 Finnerty missed the entire championship due to a cruciate knee injury. He returned in 1993 but couldn't command a regular place on the team. He did come on as a substitute in that year's All-Ireland final, however, victory went to Kilkenny. Finnerty regained his fitness in 1994 and played his last game against Offaly in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Post-playing career.
In retirement from playing Finnerty has maintained a keen interest in hurling. In 2000 his exceptional talent was acknowledged when he was named on the Galway "Hurling Team of the Millennium." He also works as an analyst on RTÉ's Gaelic games programme "The Sunday Game."
In 2008 Finnerty became coach of the Mayo senior hurling team, and took them to the Christy Ring Cup semi-final that season, before being defeated by eventual champions Carlow. Finnerty remained as Mayo coach in 2009 and again guided them to the Tier Two hurling championship semi-final, this time going out to Down. In December 2009 Finnerty agreed to continue as coach of the Mayo hurlers for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9922790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922790" title="Souradyuti Paul">
Souradyuti Paul

Souradyuti Paul is an Indian cryptologist (b. 1976). Formerly a member of COSIC, he is currently working as a Guest Researcher for the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the United States. He participated in cryptanalysis of RC4, Helix and Py family of ciphers among others.
He has co-designed the following ciphers
He also contributed to the design of a hash function iteration mode of operation Fast-widepipe. While working at NIST Dr. Paul has worked towards the development of US government secure hash standard SHA-3 being selected through a public competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9922806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922806" title="Bluegrass Junction">
Bluegrass Junction

Bluegrass Junction is a bluegrass music channel on Sirius XM Radio. It is billed as "America's Bluegrass Home", and primarily airs complete versions of music from many bluegrass artists. Some of those are Bill Monroe, Seldom Scene, Flatt & Scruggs, and Sam Bush.
, It is heard on Sirius XM Radio 61 and Dish Network 6061.
Bluegrass Junction was one of the original XM channels at launch in 2001. Sirius picked up the channel in November 2008 (replacing its own Bluegrass channel) after the two services merged. As of April 2009, the channel has changed its logo from the one you see. The new logo shows the word "BLUEGRASS" in bolder type and the word "Junction" posted on a nameplate.Also, mountains are shown in between the two words and bushes on either side. For Sirius subscribers, it is on channel 61 (previously 65), XM channel 61 (previously 14) and on Dish Network channel 6061(previously 6065). Until February 9, 2010, DirecTV carried this channel on channel 812 until they dropped the XM programming in favor of Sonic Tap.

</doc>
<doc id="9922810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922810" title="Nicola Malinconico">
Nicola Malinconico

Nicola Malinconico (1663–1721) was a Neapolitan painter of the late-Baroque. He is described as a follower of Luca Giordano, and painted mostly religious canvases. He painted the chapel altarpieces for the church of St Michele Arcangelo in Anacapri. He also painted still life paintings recalling work by Pietro Paolo Bonzi and Paolo Porpora and influenced by the Flemish still life painter David de Coninck. 
Around 1700, he was commissioned by bishop Oronzo Filomarino to decorate the cathedral of Gallipoli in the province of Lecce. He completed large canvases of "Christ clearing the moneylenders from the temple" in the counter-facade; "Entry into Jerusalem", "Miracle of the lame", "Burial of Saint Agatha". On the ceiling he painted "Saint Agatha stops the Eruption of the Etna volcano"; "Saint Agatha visits St. Peter in jail"; the "Glory of Saint Agatha", "Trial and condemnation of Saint Agatha" (1715), and "Martyrdom of Saint Sebastian". A second cycle of paintings was completed with the help of his son Carlo.
Sources.
Achille della Ragione - Nicola Malinconico pittore di natura morta - Napoli 2009

</doc>
<doc id="9922822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922822" title="Mark Washington (cornerback)">
Mark Washington (cornerback)

Mark Henry Washington (born December 28, 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played for ten seasons with the Dallas Cowboys and the New England Patriots. Washington won two Super Bowls while playing for the Cowboys in 1971 against the Miami Dolphins, and 1977 against the Denver Broncos.

</doc>
<doc id="9922823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922823" title="Coconut jelly">
Coconut jelly

Coconut jelly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9922842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922842" title="Robert Dalva">
Robert Dalva

Robert Dalva (born April 14, 1942 in New York City, USA) is a noted American film editor. Filmography as editor includes "The Black Stallion", "Raising Cain", "Jumanji", "Jurassic Park III" and "Hidalgo". Next to editing, he also directed movies, including "The Black Stallion Returns".
Dalva was nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing for his work on "The Black Stallion" (1979).
He is an alumnus of Colgate University and member of Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity.
Dalva has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors.

</doc>
<doc id="9922863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922863" title="Japanese Society (1970 book)">
Japanese Society (1970 book)

Japanese Society (1970) is an analysis of the structure of Japanese society, written by Nakane Chie. The main theme of the book is the working of what Nakane calls "the vertical principle" in Japanese society, which is a series of social relations between two individuals, one of whom is senior and one of whom is junior.
Nakane also formulates the criteria of 'attribute' and 'frame' to illuminate that way that groups are formed in Japan, and to compare Japan with other countries. Her thesis is that 'frame', which is circumstantial and may be "a locality, an institution or a particular relationship which binds a set of individuals into one group, is more important that 'attribute', "which may be acquired not only by birth but by achievement", examples of which include "a definite descent group or caste". This situation is contrasted with India.
The book is broken down into four chapters:

</doc>
<doc id="9922879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922879" title="Yorkshire Seasiders">
Yorkshire Seasiders

Yorkshire Seasiders is an independent Supporters Group, founded in August 2003, who follow English Premier League team Blackpool FC, specifically for any fan of the club who lives in Yorkshire.
Background.
Their first meeting was at the Pennine Manor Hotel, Huddersfield in August 2003 with current membership, as at July 2007, of 40. They hold regular meetings, usually held in pubs in towns throughout Yorkshire. 
The basic aim of the group is to bring together Yorkshire Seasiders Player of the Year Award, voted for by Group members from the Blackpool FC squad. For the 2005-06 season, the clubs goalkeeper, Lee Jones (now playing for Darlington F.C.) won the Award, which was presented at Blackpool FC's Annual Seasonal Awards Evening held at the clubs stadium, Bloomfield Road. For the 2006-07 season the winner was striker, Andy Morrell.

</doc>
<doc id="9922906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922906" title="Fotia">
Fotia

Fotia is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in 1989 by CBS Greece. The album is entirely composed and written by Nikos Karvelas. The album reached platinum status. By 1990, the album sold more than 180,000 copies, and became the second best-selling album of 1990 in Greece.
Singles and legacy.
"Pseftika"
"Fotia"
"Mpalomataki"
"Oue Ki Alimono"
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9922943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922943" title="Indiana Attorney General">
Indiana Attorney General

The Indiana Attorney General is the chief legal officer of the State of Indiana in the United States. Attorneys General are chosen by a statewide general election to serve for a four-year term. The forty-second and Attorney General is Greg Zoeller.
The annual salary of the Attorney General of Indiana is $79,400.
List of Indiana Attorneys General.
State.
Under the 1816 Constitution of Indiana the office of Attorney General was filled by appointment. After the adoption of the 1851 constitution, the office was filled by popular election.

</doc>
<doc id="9922957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922957" title="Kansas Attorney General">
Kansas Attorney General

The Attorney General of Kansas is a statewide elected official responsible for providing legal services to the state government of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="9922977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922977" title="Ajaib Singh">
Ajaib Singh

Sant Ajaib Singh (11 September 1926 – 6 July 1997) known to his disciples as "Sant Ji" was born on 11 September 1926 in Maina, Bhatinda district, Punjab, India. His followers consider him to be a sant of Surat Shabd Yoga. His Guru, Kirpal Singh of Delhi, was a disciple of Sawan Singh. Ajaib Singh in his early years also went to Sawan Singh before receiving the initiation from Kirpal Singh.
Successorship.
His known successors are Sirio Carrapa and Sadhu Ram.

</doc>
<doc id="9922992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9922992" title="Alaska Attorney General">
Alaska Attorney General

The Alaska Attorney General is the chief legal advisor to the government of the State of Alaska and to its governor. The Attorney General is appointed by the governor and confirmed by the Alaska Legislature. The position has existed since the early days of the Territory of Alaska, though it was an elected rather than an appointed position prior to statehood. The Attorney General also serves as the Commissioner of the Alaska Department of Law, and is the only commissioner of a principal department of Alaska state government not referred to as "Commissioner" in normal usage. The current Attorney General is Michael C. Geraghty.
List of Attorneys General.
In the earliest days of the Alaska Territory, the Territorial Counsel served as the de facto attorney general. Only one person, John H. Cobb, served in this position. The 2nd Alaska Territorial Legislature in 1915 created the Office of the Attorney General, to become effective after the 1916 general election. The attorney general's position was an elected position during the entirety of territorial days, as opposed to under statehood, in which it has been a position appointed by the governor. The following is a list of attorneys general in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="9923004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923004" title="The Village (Sirius XM)">
The Village (Sirius XM)

The Village is an SiriusXM channel that specializes in folk music, described by SiriusXM as "from the ballads of early American songwriters to the contemporary masters of folk." It was available on channel 741. It is still available on SiriusXM internet radio. The program director of The Village is Mary Sue Twohy. The channel was added to XM Radio Canada on April 1, 2007 as part of XM Radio Canada simulcasting the American service.
The Village Folk Show, hosted by Mary Sue Twohy, airs on The Bridge ch 32, 6:00 - 10:00 AM ET every Sunday and regularly features guest artist performances, interviews, guest host programming and new releases. Mary Chapin Carpenter, Donovan, Art Garfunkel, Kathy Mattea, Steve Earle, Sylvia Tyson, The Chapin Family and more have been featured on the show.
Artists that are on the playlist include Tom Paxton, Judy Collins, Peter, Paul and Mary, Bob Dylan, Pete Seeger, and Joni Mitchell. The Village also carries special programs such as John McEuen's "Acoustic Traveller".
As of April 2009 its logo has changed from the word "village" in green lowercase print to the word in black type and Capital letters. Also lines are drawn on the "V" and lines drawn on the letters "l,l,a,g and e". The letter "I" is a guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="9923018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923018" title="Bradley Hughes (golfer)">
Bradley Hughes (golfer)

Bradley Hughes (born 10 February 1967) is an Australian professional golfer.
Hughes was born in Melbourne. He turned pro in 1988. He has played on the PGA Tour of Australasia (1988–), European Tour (1990, 1996), Japan Golf Tour (1992–94), PGA Tour (1997–2002, 2005) and Nationwide Tours (2003–04, 2006). He has won five times in Australia and once in the United States. He was on the 1994 International Team for the Presidents Cup.
Hughes set the tournament record of 268 (24 under par) in the 1998 Australian Masters which still stands today. He also holds the record for the largest winning margin on the Asian Omega Tour when he won the 1996 Players Championship by 12 strokes.
Hughes now teaches golf in Greenville, South Carolina.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="9923027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923027" title="Connersville (Amtrak station)">
Connersville (Amtrak station)

Connersville is an Amtrak station in Connersville, Indiana, served by the "Cardinal". The original station was built in 1914 by the Cincinnati, Hamilton & Dayton Railroad and is adjacent to the currently-used shelter station.

</doc>
<doc id="9923050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923050" title="Ontario Highway 114">
Ontario Highway 114

King's Highway 114, commonly referred to as Highway 114, was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. It was one of the shortest highways ever assigned in the province, at just in length. The highway has been through numerous re-numberings throughout its history, finally being transferred to local authority in mid-1970.
Route description.
The former route of Highway 114, now known as Malden Road, is no longer maintained by the province nor by Essex County; it is a local road maintained by the Town of Tecumseh and the Town of Lakeshore. It is a narrow semi-rural township road. Though fully paved and with houses along much of its path, it is relatively lightly travelled. Between Manning Road and County Road 46, it is still signed as "HWY 114", though it was decommissioned in 1970.
The route begins in the south at former Highway 3 (Talbot Road), just north of the current alignment of that highway. It proceeds northeast through Maidstone, flanked by houses on both sides. Approaching Manning Road (Essex County Road 19), the route briefly passes through farmland. Just northeast of the intersection with Manning Road, the route ends at Middle Road (Essex County Road 46), formerly Highway 98. At , it was one of the shortest King's Highways ever assigned by the province.
History.
Highway 114's routing started off as part of Highway 2. In 1929, there was a great renumbering in the area because the Ambassador Bridge opened. Highway 2 was rerouted along a different path just to the north, along North Talbot Road and Provincial Road (along what would become Highway 98). Malden Road was re-designated as Highway 2A until 1931, when the predecessor to Highway 98 received that numbering, and this road received the designation of Highway 3B (unrelated to Dougall Avenue's designation of 3B). This remained until 1938, when it was re-designated as Highway 98A, a spur of the newly created Highway 98.
By 1954, this road became an independent non-spur road in its own right, and received the numbering of Highway 114. It remained this way until it was deleted in 1970.
To simplify things, the following designations for Highway 114 are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="9923075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923075" title="Sunday Mail (Adelaide)">
Sunday Mail (Adelaide)

The Sunday Mail (originally titled the "Mail") was founded in 1912 by Clarence Moody. Moody initially set up three newspapers - the "Sporting Mail", "Saturday Mail" and the "Mail". The first two titles lasted only two years and five years respectively. The "Mail" went into liquidation in late 1914. Ownership passed briefly to George Annells and Frank Stone, and then to Herbert Syme. In May 1923 News Limited purchased the "Mail" and moved the newspaper to North Terrace. By this time the "News" had developed a strong sporting focus. Results of weekend sporting matches of all types and grades were reported in the "Mail".
A particular focus was given to football and horse racing, with many fine sporting photographs and articles being printed. West Torrens footballer and yachtsman Ossie O'Grady became sports writer in 1926 and wrote sometimes controversial sporting feature articles. In the 1930s Ron Boland began his newspaper career as the horse racing writer, 'Trafalgar'. He was later to become editor of the "News". Early motoring was another important feature of the newspaper from the 1920s, as was the advent of commercial radio and aviation. From 1922 under the editorship of George Brickhill, the "Mail" was a well-presented newspaper with quality reading on a range of topics. No doubt the professionally presented real-estate pages helped fund the improvements.
The much-loved 'Possum's pages' were born in 1921 as 'the Mail Club' with letters to 'Clubmates' written by 'Possum'. The page was called 'Mates own corner'. In 1924 May Gibbs's gumnut babies, 'Bib and Bub,' were the first full-scale comic page in the "Mail". They were joined in 1932 by Bancks's Ginger Meggs. During the Second World War Lionel Coventry's 'Alec the Airman' joined the pages of the paper. Colour was introduced to the comics at the end of the war. Oswald Pryor was cartoonist for the "Mail" in 1922-1923, followed by Hal Gye and, in the late 1920s, R. W. Blundell. Harry Longson was cartoonist during the war years.
The Second World War had a major impact on many things, not least on newspaper reporting and production. Although horse racing and other sports were still covered in the pages of the "Mail", space was also given to war news and the activities of the armed forces. During the war the 'Gossip by Deidre' page gave way to the less frivolous 'Diana's notebook' with photographs such as 'Miss Patricia Hubbard at work in her father's factory' and other reflections of women's war effort activities. Even the 'Suburban acre' gardening page took on a more serious tone as 'Weeders digest'.
The paper's name changed to the "SA Sunday Mail" on 6 February 1954, and then "Sunday Mail" in 1955. The original 1912 circulation of 15,000 had risen to 213,000 by 1962.
For its first 60 years the "Mail" was printed on Saturday nights. Initially two editions were published, with a 'street' edition coming out at about 7 pm, followed by a midnight edition which was sold to theatre crowds later in the evening, and distributed throughout the state on Sunday mornings. The "Sunday Mail" was first published on a Sunday on 5 November 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9923095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923095" title="BTFC">
BTFC

BTFC can refer to one of the following English football clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="9923096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923096" title="Scientology cross">
Scientology cross

The Scientology cross is one of the principal symbols of Scientology. It is most often used to represent the Church of Scientology.
The cross closely resembles the Christian cross, but differs from it with the addition of four diagonal rays between the conventional horizontal and vertical arms. The eight points of the cross represent the eight dynamics in Scientology:
The Church of Scientology says that "the horizontal bar represents the material universe, and the vertical bar represents the spirit. Thus, the spirit is seen to be rising triumphantly, ultimately transcending the turmoil of the physical universe to achieve salvation." 
The Scientology cross apparently dates back to the mid-1950s. Scientology's founder L. Ron Hubbard wrote in 1955 that "the model of the cross came from a very ancient Spanish mission in Arizona, a sand casting which dug up" He also occasionally referred to it as the "sunburst cross".
The practice of prominently displaying the cross in Scientology centers was instituted in 1969 following hostile press coverage in the United Kingdom and elsewhere, when Scientology's status as a legitimate religion was being questioned. In response, Hubbard ordered that, "Any staff who are trained at any level as auditors (but not in AO[rganizations) are to be clothed in the traditioned ministerial black suit, black vest white collar silver cross for ordinary org wear." 

</doc>
<doc id="9923111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923111" title="Spirit (XM)">
Spirit (XM)

Spirit was an urban contemporary gospel music channel on XM Satellite Radio. XM described the channel as "Taking It To The Highest". The channel was originally launched and programmed by Radio One, Inc., but was later programmed in-house by XM.
Artists featured on the channel included Kirk Franklin, Yolanda Adams, Fred Hammond, Tye Tribbett, The Kurt Carr Singers, Angela Spivey, and The Colorado Mass Choir. The channel aired on XM channel 33 and on DirectTV Channel 827.
The channel was added to the XM lineup on February 1, 2004 with an entirely new theme. Prior to that Spirit was on XM channel 63. The channel (along with the Sirius version, which was a different format) was scrapped on November 12, 2008 as part of the Sirius-XM merger. It was replaced with Sirius's similar channel, Praise.

</doc>
<doc id="9923112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923112" title="South Dakota Attorney General">
South Dakota Attorney General

The Attorney General of South Dakota is an elected office that assists local law enforcement agencies in the state of South Dakota, provides legal representation for state agencies, and enforces consumer protection laws. The current attorney general is Marty Jackley.

</doc>
<doc id="9923124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923124" title="Pennsylvania Attorney General">
Pennsylvania Attorney General

The Pennsylvania Attorney General is the chief law enforcement officer of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It became an elected office in 1980. Currently, the office is held by Democrat Kathleen Kane.
Authority and responsibilities.
The Commonwealth Attorneys Act of 1980 established the Office of Attorney General as an independent office headed by an elected Attorney General. The office has the responsibility for the prosecution of crime prosecuted by the commonwealth, included organized crime, public corruption, and consumer protection. The Attorney General represents the commonwealth in all actions brought by or against the commonwealth, reviews all proposed rules and regulations by commonwealth agencies.
The Attorney General also serves as a member of the Board of Pardons, the joint Committee on Documents, the Hazardous Substances Transportation Board, the Board of Finance and Revenue, the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency, the Civil Disorder Commission and the Municipal Police Officers Education and Training Commission.
List of attorneys general.
There have been four styles of selection of Pennsylvania Attorney General. The first phase was colonial, with the first Attorney General commissioned in 1683. At the outbreak of the Revolution, the sitting Attorney General, a loyalist, fled, and new Attorneys General were appointed, under the Constitution of 1776, by the state President (or Vice-President) with the Supreme Executive Council. Under the new Constitution of 1790, Attorneys General were appointed by the Governor, subject to approval by the Legislature (similar to how the United States Attorney General is appointed by the President of the United States). This remained in the Constitutions of 1838, 1874, and 1968. In 1978, voters approved an amendment to the Pennsylvania Constitution making the office of the Pennsylvania Attorney General an elected position, effective as of the general election of 1980.
Note that before William Penn, there were Attorneys General for New Sweden as early as 1643.
Colonial attorneys general.
Under the influence of David Lloyd, who served 1686–1710, Pennsylvania developed its first judicial system. Andrew Hamilton, who served 1717–1726, strongly influenced Pennsylvania law away from some aspects of the British system.

</doc>
<doc id="9923125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923125" title="Bradley T. Hughes">
Bradley T. Hughes

Bradley T. Hughes, born Bradley Tyson Hughes, is the creator of the BlackboxX window manager and has contributed to the NetWM specification.[http://standards.freedesktop.org/wm-spec/1.3/ar01s10.html
An American citizen, Hughes moved to Norway in 2000 to work with Trolltech on their flagship product, Qt. In 2008, Trolltech was acquired by Nokia. In 2012, Hughes joined Comoyo (located in Fornebu, Norway) as a Senior Software Engineer. Comoyo is now known as Telenor Digital.

</doc>
<doc id="9923134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923134" title="Chrome orange">
Chrome orange

Chrome orange, also known as chrome red, is a range of orange pigments which consists of lead(II) chromate and lead(II) oxide. (PbCrO4 and PbO). Chrome orange can be made by precipitating lead(II) together with chromate in a basic solution or by treating chrome yellow with lye. It is toxic both from the contained lead and from the contained hexavalent chromium.
It was used in the past as a pigment in paints, but is now restricted or illegal because of the drive to reduce or remove lead and its compounds from paints.

</doc>
<doc id="9923141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923141" title="Jon Vaughn">
Jon Vaughn

Jonathan Stewart Vaughn (born March 12, 1970) is a former professional American football player who played running back and served as a kick returner in the National Football League (NFL) for 4 seasons from 1991 to 1994 for the Seattle Seahawks, New England Patriots, and Kansas City Chiefs. In his most productive season, he led the 1992 Patriots in rushing and led the NFL in kickoff returns with a 28.2 yards per return average on twenty returns. Vaughn was the tenth NFL player to accumulate four kickoff return touchdowns during his career and the second to accumulate kickoff return touchdowns for three different teams. Vaughn measured and during his NFL playing days.
Prior to declaring himself eligible for the NFL Draft despite remaining eligibility, Vaughn had starred in the Big Ten Conference for the University of Michigan Wolverines earning Co-Big Ten Offensive Football Player of the year honors for the 1990 Big Ten Champions during the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season. Vaughn had established new University of Michigan standards in 200-yard games and yards per carry. He had also previously been a record setting Missouri high school sprinter who for nearly two decades held both the Missouri State High School Activities Association (MSHSAA) 100 metre and 200 metre records.
Early life.
Vaughn was both born and raised in Florissant, Missouri, and attended McCluer North High School in Florissant. Vaughn's 1988 Missouri State High School 200 meter dash record time of 21.28 seconds stood until 2002. His State meet 100 metres time of 10.44 seconds stood until 2007 as the Missouri High School record. Note that Terry Scott who is the track coach at Raytown South High School ran a 10.3 seconds in 1981, but the time was clocked by hand and the handheld adjustment is .24 seconds.
College.
Vaughn had a short collegiate career for the University of Michigan Wolverines, but he played for back-to-back Big Ten Conference Champions. He accumulated rushing statistics in only sixteen NCAA games for the Wolverines over the course of two seasons. However, in his redshirt sophomore 1990 season he was selected Co-Big Ten Offensive Football Player of the year (along with University of Iowa Hawkeyes players Nick Bell and Matt Rodgers) by the conference's coaches when he started 11 of 12 games. Vaughn, who wore #25 for the Michigan Wolverines football program in 1989 and 1990, played running back after redshirting as a defensive back who wore #46 in 1988.
Vaughn has claims to several important distinctions in University of Michigan Football history. First, he continues to hold the University of Michigan career yards per attempt record (minimum 200 attempts). Second, he opened the 1990 season by posting 201 rushing yards on September 15, 1990 against University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish and following it up with 288 rushing yards against the University of California, Los Angeles Bruins on September 22, 1990 at the Big House. This feat made him the first Michigan back to rush for 200 yards in consecutive games, a feat not duplicated until Mike Hart did so in 2004. His third claim is that the 288-yard effort ranks third on the All-time Michigan single game rushing yards list (behind Ron Johnson's 347 yards in 1968 against the Wisconsin Badgers and Tshimanga Biakabutuka's 313 yards against the Ohio State Buckeyes in 1995). In addition to these claims, his 1,364 yards rushing that season still ranks 13th on the Michigan all-time single season rushing list. During that redshirt sophomore season he paired with freshman Ricky Powers who set the Michigan freshman rushing record later broken by Hart and who tied with Vaughn for a team-high five 100-yard rushing games although accumulating far fewer total yards than Vaughn.
During the 1990 season Vaughn was closely watched in the press. NCAA football rushing averages are calculated on a per game basis. Since Vaughn started the season with two 200-yard efforts, he was atop the rushing charts well into the season. He entered Michigan's seventh game the weekend of October 28, 1990 as the nation's leading rusher. Entering the eighth week he was averaging over 144 yards per game and was still second in the nation and first in the Big Ten. He only gained a total of 94 yards in his ninth, tenth and eleventh games combined and entered Michigan's bowl game as #11 in the nation. He ran for 128 yards in his final game and ended the season as the Big Ten Offensive Player of the Year. He also ended the season eleventh in the nation in rushing and second in the Big Ten with 112.4 yards per game.
Oddly, despite his eventual professional success as a kickoff returner, he never returned kickoffs in college. In 1990, Desmond Howard and Derrick Alexander shared the kick return duties. In 1989, Desmond Howard and Tony Boles shared the role.
Professional football.
He entered the 1991 National Football League Draft after his redshirt sophomore season, which began with him as the nation's leading rusher through the end of October. The season trailed off as Powers got much of the late season workload with four consecutive 100-yard efforts in Michigan wins. Vaughn was one of a relatively small class of underclassmen, headlined by Ragib "Rocket" Ismail to be approved in the NFL's second class of players allowed to declare themselves eligible for the draft despite remaining amateur eligibility. In addition to Vaughn, other headliners among the underclassmen were Herman Moore, Todd Marinovich and Rob Carpenter (who also played for the 1991 Patriots). John Vaughn was drafted with the first pick of the fifth round of the 1991 NFL Draft by the New England Patriots. Coach Dick MacPherson used him sparingly from scrimmage in his rookie year as Leonard Russell was the featured back for the 1991 Patriots. However, he had 34 kickoff returns, including one touchdown for an average of 21.1 yards in 1991. He also completed a 13-yard touchdown pass to Marv Cook against the Houston Oilers on September 22, 1991 in what would be the Patriots only non-quarterback touchdown pass until Dave Meggett repeated the feat during the 1997 NFL season. 
Although his totals were modest in New England, he led the team in rushing yards in 1992 with 451 yards on 113 carries. In addition, he had 20 kickoff returns for an average of 28.2 yards, including another return touchdown. This second kickoff return touchdown was the last by a Patriot until Derrick Cullors repeated the feat in 1997 against the Buffalo Bills. Vaughn had his first 100-yard rushing game in 1992 with 110 yards on 20 carries on November 22 in a 24–3 win against the New York Jets at home. In 1992, Vaughn had six fumbles on only 113 carries and 13 receptions, and five of the fumbles were lost to the other team. 
After two seasons in New England, he was traded to the Seattle Seahawks for an undisclosed draft pick. During the 1993 NFL season, his workload was modest in the backfield with Chris Warren and John L. Williams, but when he got the chance to play for the 1993 Seahawks he rose to the occasion with a career best 131 yards on 26 carries. This was Vaughn's second and last 100-yard rushing game.
Vaughn spent most of the 1994 NFL season with the Seahawks, but he was released after having three fumbles on only twenty-seven carries. However, in December he was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs. In 1994 he did not accumulate statistics from the line of scrimmage either for the Seahawks or for the Chiefs, however he returned kickoffs for both teams and recorded a kick return touchdown for each, including a 91-yard runback against the Miami Dolphins for the Chiefs in 1994. 
Over the course of his NFL career he ran back a total of 4 kickoffs for touchdowns. This ranked him tenth (2 short of the record six) in NFL history through the 2006 NFL season. He had been in a three-way tie for eight upon his retirement before the 1995 NFL season. His kickoff return touchdowns for three different teams tied Ron Smith for the NFL record, which was broken during the 2007 NFL season by Allen Rossum who posted a touchdown return for his fourth different team. In 1991, Vaughn averaged 21.1 yards per return on 34 returns, which ranked 10th among those with 1.2 returns per game. In 1992, Vaughn posted a 28.2 averaged on 20 returns to lead the National Football League (Deion Sanders was second at 26.7). Despite his success as a kick returner, he was released during training camp in 1995.
Career statistics.
N.B.: Home team is in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9923147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923147" title="Capão">
Capão

Capão (Tupi "Ka'á pu'ã") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9923197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923197" title="He Was Too Good to Me">
He Was Too Good to Me

"He Was Too Good to Me" is a song with music by Richard Rodgers and lyrics by Lorenz Hart. It was introduced in the tryouts of their 1930 Broadway musical "Simple Simon", but was dropped before the show's New York opening. Despite its inauspicious beginning, the song has become a jazz standard, and has been recorded by such artists as Barry Galbraith, Chet Baker, Thad Jones, Nina Simone, Shirley Horn, Chris Connor, Jeri Southern and Carmen McRae.
The song is occasionally sung as "“She was too good to me”", especially by male singers, including The Vogues on their album "Till." 
More recently, the song was covered by Bette Midler on her album "Some People's Lives" in 1990, as a medley paired with "Since You Stayed Here". Australian singer Renée Geyer recorded the song on her album "Difficult Woman" in 1994. On Midler's version the second verse contains the revised line "I was a queen to him. Who's gonna light my way now?", while Geyer's version reprises the original "I was a queen to him. Who's gonna make me gay now?". 
This song, sung by Bob Shane, is featured in the Kingston Trio album called Something Special released in 1962 with orchestral accompaniment which was unusual for the group/.This song was also recently released by Bob Shane, of the Kingston Trio, on his new album "The World Needs a Melody". 

</doc>
<doc id="9923210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923210" title="EnLighten">
EnLighten

enLighten is a Southern gospel music channel on XM Satellite Radio channel 18 (previously 34), Sirius Satellite Radio channel 18 (previously 67) and on Dish Network channel 6067. Until February 9, 2010, it was on DirectTV channel 828, but all of Sirius XM programming was dropped in favor of SonicTap. Sirius XM describes the channel as "The Church Doors Are Always Open" and primarily airs live church sessions on Sunday mornings. The channel was added on 2006-04-17 with a whole new group of radio channels. On May 4, 2011, enLighten was moved to channel 805 (available once again on internet only), but due to the number of complaints it was temporarily moved to the Limited Engagements channel.
Limited Engagements DirecTV channel Lineup.
You can also hear Enlighten on DirecTV Channel 810 when DirecTV starts back carrying XM programming coming soon!

</doc>
<doc id="9923238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923238" title="Peter Lougheed Centre">
Peter Lougheed Centre

Peter Lougheed Centre (PLC) is a large hospital in Alberta, Canada. It is located in the City of Calgary, and runs under the auspices of Alberta Health Services, formerly the Calgary Health Region, providing medical and surgical services not only to Calgary, but also Southern Alberta. The PLC has a 24 hours emergency department, an intensive care unit (ICU), Level IV trauma centre and offers ambulatory care. It was named after Peter Lougheed, who served as premier of Alberta from 1971 to 1985. The hospital opened in 1988 with 500 beds, and today contains over 600 beds. The new East Wing was completed in 2008 and includes 140 inpatient beds, as well as a new intensive care and coronary care unit. It was also designed with a new roof-top helipad for emergency services.
Clinics.
There are 34 clinics served at the PLC:
In addition, ambulatory care includes Cardiac Diagnostics, Medicine, Respiratory, GI, [Neurodiagnostics and Gynecology Outpatient services.
Parking.
Peter Lougheed Centre has four parking lots with payment options including passes: monthly ($85), weekly ($41), daily ($13) or half-hour ($2.00 per half hour or portion)with some discounts for seniors, etc., with authorization forms. Some parking lots/stalls are designated for people with disabilities only.

</doc>
<doc id="9923269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923269" title="Independência">
Independência

Independência (Portuguese meaning "independence") may refer to several places in Brazil:

</doc>
<doc id="9923273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923273" title="Lafayette, Indiana (Amtrak station)">
Lafayette, Indiana (Amtrak station)

Lafayette Station is an Amtrak station in Lafayette, Indiana, served by the "Cardinal" and "Hoosier State". The current station facility was established in 1994. The Amtrak train previously stopped in the middle of the city's 5th Street, near the former Monon Railroad depot. The station building was moved to its current location from a different site. It is a Romanesque style depot built in 1902 by the Lake Erie and Western Railroad and Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway, as the Big Four Depot. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. 
Significance.
The building is an example of early twentieth century commercial architecture. It is one of two such structures in Indiana. It became par to the New York Central System, serving passengers through Lafayette between Cincinnati and Chicago. Lafayette was a major stop on this main artery of transportation for the NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="9923280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923280" title="Suối Tiên Amusement Park">
Suối Tiên Amusement Park

Suối Tiên Amusement Park is an amusement park in District 9, Hồ Chí Minh City, Vietnam. The park includes several entertainment areas. The landscaping and attractions in the park illustrate Vietnam's history and legends, such as Âu Cơ and Lạc Long Quân as well as the Battle of Son Tinh and Thuy Tinh (The Mountain God and The River God). An artificial seawater pool is located in the park for sea-bathers. There is also a dinosaur garden.
The Tiên Dong beach is a man-made beach featuring a gigantic waterfall with the face of an emperor sculpted into it. The park is colorful, and you will find giant sculpted dragons painted in gorgeous blue and orange pastels, soft red Buddha statues and lush green gardens, as well as all the normal theme park attractions; the park also has a zoo.
The park opened in 1995. Beginning in 2017, the park will be served by a stop on the first line of the Ho Chi Minh City Metro, currently under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="9923281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923281" title="Oronzo Vito Gasparo">
Oronzo Vito Gasparo

Oronzo Vito Gasparo (1903 to 1969), was an American artist often known
for surreal townscape painting, design, and crafts.
Background.
Oronzo Vito Gasparo was born in Rutigliano, Bari, Italy in 1903, spent many active years in California, and died in New York in 1969.
Gasparo studied at the National Academy of Design in New York; he was mentored by Preston Dickinson[http://www.artcyclopedia.com/artists/dickinson_preston.html] and was Dickinson's favorite pupil.
Early years.
Oronzo Vito Gasparo worked under the Works Progress Administration Easel Project during the Great Depression.
Work.
During his lifetime he had over 40 one-man shows ranging from 1928 to a retrospective in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9923295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923295" title="Ontario Highway 107">
Ontario Highway 107

King's Highway 107, commonly referred to as Highway 107, was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. The route was one of the shortest highways to exist in the province, at a length of . The highway has been through several re-numberings throughout its history, but is now known as Essex County Road 45 or Union Avenue.
Route description.
At , Highway 107 was one of the shortest signed provincial highways to exist in Ontario. Both termini are visible from any point on the route. Today, the former highway is known as Union Avenue or Essex County Road 45. It begins in the community of Union, progressing north from Essex County Road 20, formerly Highway 18. After passing through a brief rural area, the road enters the village of Ruthven, ending at Essex County Road 34, the former routing of Highway 3. The entire route lies west of Leamington within the town of Kingsville in Essex County. The southern terminus of the route is within a kilometre of the Lake Erie shoreline.
History.
Highway 107 traces its history back to its equal-in-length predecessor, Highway 18B. It was re-designated as Highway 107 in 1953. Its purpose for existence was to connect Highway 18 to Highway 3. It was turned back in 1970. The road was re-designated as Essex County Road 45 from 1970 to 1997. Union Street was briefly re-uploaded as a Kings Highway, as a re-routing of Highway 18. This was not permanent, as Highway 18 was turned back on January 1, 1998, reverting to County Road 45.
The road originated as Highway 18B in 1937. In 1953, it was re-designated as Highway 107. It was also just 1.5 km in length.
To simplify the re-designations throughout the history of this road, they are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="9923359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923359" title="J. B. Van Hollen">
J. B. Van Hollen

John Byron "J.B." Van Hollen (born February 19, 1966) is the Attorney General of the State of Wisconsin. A Republican, he was elected to the office in November 2006 and took office on January 3, 2007, succeeding Democrat Peg Lautenschlager.
Background.
His father is John C. Van Hollen, a realtor and former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly. The Van Hollen family lived near Chetek, Wisconsin and later moved to Delta, Wisconsin. He graduated from St. Olaf College in 1988 with an undergraduate degree in political science and economics. He earned his law degree two years later from the University of Wisconsin Law School.
In 1993, Governor Tommy Thompson appointed Van Hollen District Attorney in Ashland County, where he served for six years. He was subsequently called to service again when Governor Thompson appointed him to serve as Bayfield County District Attorney. He was appointed as the U.S. Attorney for Wisconsin's Western District where he served in that role from 2002 to 2005.
Van Hollen won the Republican nomination for Attorney General in 2006 over then-Waukesha County District Attorney Paul Bucher. In the general election, he narrowly defeated Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk, who had previously bested Lautenschlager in the Democratic primary. Van Hollen was the only Republican in Wisconsin to win a statewide race in 2006. In 2010, he defeated his Democratic opponent by a comfortable margin.
Attorney general.
Upon taking office in 2007, Van Hollen took on a backlog of DNA evidence at the Wisconsin State Crime Laboratory. The backlog had grown to thousands of cases. He worked with the Wisconsin Legislature to secure additional resources to solve the backlog and created new efficiencies at the Crime Lab. In 2008, Van Hollen announced changes made by his administration have reduced the backlog by 43% since he took office. His goal was to eliminate the backlog by December 2010. 
In April 2010, Van Hollen reached that goal and eliminated the backlog of DNA evidence at the Crime Lab. He secured funding from the federal government to investigate cold case crimes. One of the cold cases led to the arrest of Walter Ellis, a suspected serial killer in Milwaukee.
In September 2008, Van Hollen sued the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board, the state elections agency, to force it check voter registrations for accuracy. Van Hollen said that the motivation for the lawsuit was that potentially illegal votes could sway the election. On October 23, 2008, a Dane County circuit judge dismissed the lawsuit, ruling that Van Hollen did not have standing to bring the lawsuit, because only the Attorney General of the United States can enforce federal law. Van Hollen appealed the judge's ruling but later dropped it when the Government Accountability Board updated their voter check procedure.
On October 7, 2013, Van Hollen announced he will not seek reelection in 2014 for a third term as attorney general.

</doc>
<doc id="9923379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923379" title="Habana Abierta">
Habana Abierta

Habana Abierta is a Cuban band. They are a member of a generation of composers, musicians, sculptors, authors, actors, etc. which emerged in the early 90s with its own identity in Havana, even though some of their creations had already been well known for some years in the island's cultural circles.
The origins of Habana Abierta go back to a personal project of music duo Gema y Pável, who wanted to produce a compilation of everything they and their peers had been doing in Havana clubs with hardly any resources. Initially, Luis Alberto Barbería, Pepe del Valle, Carlos Santos, Boris Larramendi, Superavit, Andy Villalón, Kelvis Ochoa and José Luis Medina, backed by the NUBENEGRA recording label, gave us a first glimpse released under the name Habana Oculta. In July 1996 most of them travelled to Spain (except for Carlos Santos, Raúl Ciro and Alejandro Frómeta: Superávit) to showcase their music at several festivals and clubs, and very soon spurred interest among audiences and the media alike, and even well-known Spanish artists and musicians. Ana Belén and Víctor Manuel, along with Ketama, were the first to show an interest and to take the initiative in a gradual and rich exchange with our Habana Abierta, which whom they made music in Spain. BMG Ariola asked Gema y Pável to come up with a project bringing a group of highly different singer-songwriters together on the album, based on the individuality of each member yet with combined expression of the diverse unity of Cuban music. Then Vanito Brown and Alejandro Gutiérrez joined what was to become Habana Abierta, recording a new album under this name.
They played over 80 gigs throughout Spain in 1997, 50 of them in Madrid and in 1998 recorded am album with the line-up down to 6, as Andy and Barbería had left to branch out on their own. With 24 Horas, the second album with Habana Abierta, an eclectic line was followed with some tracks from previous recordings, with a more defined fusion between popular Cuban music and funk, reggae and hip-hop. Rock and Pop Cuban-style with national roots: Van Van by Juan Fromel, Irakere by Chucho Valdés or NG la Banda by José Luis Cortés, refrains attributed to Matamoros over Red Hot Chili Peppers or Rolling Stones riffs. Conga-funk, timba-rock, bolero-hop, chachacha-blues, son and pop... In January 2003, after six years in Spain, they returned to Cuba for a series of sell-out individual shows, with a performance by the Habana Abierta full line-up at La Tropical, playing to with over 10,000 people. This gave rise to the Habana Abierta documentary directed by Jorge Perugorría and Arturo Soto, which was presented at several film festivals.
Band members.
Boris Larramendi, Kelvis Ochoa, Andy Villalón and Pepe del Valle have also been members of the band.
Discography.
In 1998 they record "Habana Oculta", with the participation of Alejandro Frómeta and Raúl Ciro from Superávit. Already as Habana Abierta they record "Habana Abierta", "24 horas" and "Boomerang", this last one in 2006 with the collaboration of musicians such as Bebo Valdés and the arrangements of Alain Pérez.
Three of its members have recorded solo albums: Kelvis Ochoa recorded "Kelvis", Boris Larramendi "Yo no tengo la culpa" and Luis Barbería, "Luis Barbería". Kelvis Ochoa and Boris Larramendi were also the singers of Habana Blues Band, the band created after the success of the movie "Habana Blues" (Benito Zambrano), winner of a Best Soundtrack Goya Award in 2006.
Nowadays Habana Abierta is about to present its new album, self produced, and Vanito Brown is preparing his solo album with producer Robin Taylor-Firth.

</doc>
<doc id="9923383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923383" title="KKPL">
KKPL

KKPL (99.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Cheyenne, Wyoming, USA, the station serves the Ft. Collins-Greeley area. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
History.
The station was assigned the calls KRRR on 1996-10-23. On 2002-02-08 the station became the current KKPL. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9923390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923390" title="Tiffany Cohen">
Tiffany Cohen

Tiffany Lisa Cohen (born June 11, 1966) is an American former swimmer who was a double gold medalist at the 1984 Summer Olympics (400-meter and 800-meter freestyle).
Cohen is Jewish.
In 1982, she won the U.S. National Championship in the 500-, 1,000-, and 1650-yard freestyle, and finished third in the 400-meter freestyle at the FINA World Aquatics Championships.
In the 1986 championships, Cohen won the 400- and 800-meter freestyles and the 200-meter butterfly.She retired in 1987,[http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/latimes/access/58789104.html?dids=58789104:58789104&FMT=ABS&FMTS=ABS:FT&type=current&date=Dec+25%2C+1987&author=ANN+KILLION&pub=Los+Angeles+Times+%28pre-1997+Fulltext%29&desc=Average+and+Loving+It+Tiffany+Cohen+Glad+Life+in+the+Pool+Has+Come+to+an+End&pqatl=google after finishing second to Janet Evans in the 400- and 800-meter races at the 1987 national outdoor meet.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9923403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923403" title="Peter Gallo">
Peter Gallo

Peter Gallo (born 1959, Rutland, VT) is an artist and writer who lives and works in Hyde Park, VT. He received his Ph.D. and MA in Art History from Concordia University, Montreal, and has written about the intersection of biopolitics, medicalization, and artistic experience from the eighteenth to early twenty-first centuries. He has a BA from Middlebury College, Middlebury, VT. Additionally, the artist has been active in the Grass Roots Art and Community Efforts (GRACE) in Hardwick, VT. He has organized numerous exhibitions including "Insider Art," (GRACE traveling exhibition, 1990), and "Our Yard in the Future: The Art of Gayleen Aiken" (Horton Gallery, 2007). He has contributed criticism to "Art in America" and "Art New England", among others. The artist is represented by Horton Gallery in New York, where he has been featured in three solo shows, two group shows, and two art fairs, and Anthony Reynolds Gallery in London, UK.
Gallo draws from a wide variety of sources – art historical, political, and literary, and often incorporates poetic, philosophical and found texts in his mixed-media paintings. He utilizes simple formal structures which emphasize the materiality of painting, and his works alternate between or combine both abstract and figurative elements. Nautical imagery derived from historical sources such as the "ship of fools," and the "ship of state," are among his signature subjects. His paintings often incorporate unconventional materials, including buttons, toothpicks, newspaper clippings, found photographs, string, typed texts, dental floss and chicken bones. His “improvisatory” style has been compared to that of Ree Morton, Joy Division and Forrest Bess. Critic Jonathon Goodman writes that in current art trends this kind of “ad hoc creativity often serves to mask poor skills, but in Gallo’s case, the rawness is a genuine part of his aesthetic, whose ungainliness keeps us thinking.“

</doc>
<doc id="9923451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923451" title="Rensselaer (Amtrak station)">
Rensselaer (Amtrak station)

Rensselaer Station is an Amtrak station in Rensselaer, Indiana, served by the "Cardinal" and "Hoosier State". The current Rensselaer Station is little more than an enclosed sheltered waiting area built in 1979. The former Monon Railroad station house was demolished sometime before that year.
Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Rensselaer Station received a new 550-foot long, ADA compliant concrete platform at an approximate cost of $500,000. On April 20, 2011, the new platform was dedicated during a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by federal, state and local officials and a grade school choir.

</doc>
<doc id="9923461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923461" title="Eugénio de Castro">
Eugénio de Castro

Eugénio de Castro e Almeida (March 4, 1869 in Coimbra, Portugal – August 17, 1944) was a Portuguese writer and a poet. He was a professor at the Faculty of Letters at the University of Coimbra and attended Escola Normal Superior in the same university.
His contribution in poetry was divided in two sections, the first one was symbolic and that the author used new rhymes, metric (Alexandrine verses) and richer vocabulary. The author also written about Ancient classics.

</doc>
<doc id="9923505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923505" title="Dyer (Amtrak station)">
Dyer (Amtrak station)

Dyer is an Amtrak station in Dyer, Indiana, served by the "Cardinal" and "Hoosier State", and is the penultimate station for both trains.
Dyer Station is merely a sheltered platform and a little shelter with just seats, however it is located near an at-grade crossing of two railroad lines; CSX (formerly the Monon Railroad) and the Elgin, Joliet & Eastern. The original depot stood at the diamond junction itself.
The Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District (NICTD) has proposed a line to Lowell, Indiana using Dyer as a stop. However, the station is intended to be south of both the existing station and the CSX/EJ&E crossing at U.S. 30. 
Connections.
On August 2, 2010, Northwest Indiana Regional Bus Authority revamped the Hammond Transit System into EasyGo Lake Transit. The newly introduced Red Route terminated approximately a mile northeast of the station, at Main/Calumet intersection. Riders could take the Red Route to Munster, Hammond and Chicago's East Side neighborhood. They could also transfer to other EasyGo routes and connect to other towns and cities throughout Lake Country.
Hammond Transit and EasyGo Lake Transit discontinued all service on June 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9923522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923522" title="Chuck Currie">
Chuck Currie

The Rev. Chuck Currie (born 1969) is a United Church of Christ (UCC) minister in Portland, Oregon who works on issues related to homelessness, housing and health care, and as a writer and preacher.
In 2011, Currie was named Associate Director of the Westar Institute, an organization best known for sponsoring the Jesus Seminar, which promotes and publicizes research in religious studies.
In 2012, Currie was appointed as the minister of both Sunnyside Church and University Park Church, two Reconciling Congregations in the United Methodist Church.
Pacific University announced in late 2013 that Currie had been appointed as the University's director of the Center for Peace & Spirituality and University Chaplain effective Fall 2014.
He has also served as the Acting Minister of First Congregational United Church of Christ in Salem, Oregon (2011) and as a long-term interim minister at Parkrose Community United Church of Christ (2006-2009) in NE Portland.
He also writes a personal blog on religion and social issues for The Huffington Post.
Rev. Currie earned a Master of Divinity degree from Eden Theological Seminary in St. Louis, MO.

</doc>
<doc id="9923547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923547" title="Neale Barry">
Neale Barry

Neale S. Barry (born 4 June 1958) is a retired English football referee, and current FA Head of Senior Referee Development. He originates from Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, and now lives near Grantham, Lincolnshire.
Career.
He started his refereeing career locally in 1974, officiating in the Lincoln League and the Northern Counties East League, before becoming an assistant referee on the Football League (National) List in 1990.
In 1993, Barry was appointed to the National List of referees, where he took charge of over 400 games in all. He refereed the 1997 Division One Play-off Final between Crystal Palace and Sheffield United at Wembley, when Palace defeated their opponents 1-0, courtesy of a last-minute goal by David Hopkin.
His inclusion on the FA Premier League list of referees followed for the season 1997-1998. His first ever appointment in the competition was the match between Crystal Palace and Barnsley on 12 August 1997, at Selhurst Park - a 1-0 away win, the goal coming from Neil Redfearn.
Barry then progressed to the Select Group in 2001, and refereed a total of 155 matches in the Premier League.
In 2002, he took charge of the FA Trophy Final when Yeovil Town defeated Stevenage Borough by 2 goals to 1.
In 2000, Barry notably turned down Italian striker Paolo Di Canio's penalty claims three times in the game West Ham United F.C.-Bradford City F.C. and once again in the game Sunderland F.C.-West Ham United F.C.. He gained wide experience in Europe as a match official, being appointed to 26 games abroad during his career.
He was never given the honour of refereeing an FA Cup Final, but was appointed fourth official in the Final which preceded his retirement in 2005. This was the 0-0 draw with Manchester United which Arsenal won 5-4 on penalties after extra time.
Neale Barry's last Premiership game as man-in-the-middle was the 3-2 win for Bolton Wanderers at home to Everton on 15 May 2005, when he was unfortunately required to send off Bolton's Bruno N'Gotty for violent conduct.
He was appointed to the Referees List for the following season (2005-2006). However, on 27 July 2005, the Football Association announced that he would be retiring from active refereeing, and taking up the position of Head of Senior Referee Development within their organisation, his responsibility being to retain and develop all referees between County and Professional Levels (Ian Blanchard fulfilling a similar role for those referees below County Level).

</doc>
<doc id="9923580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923580" title="Cliftonville (disambiguation)">
Cliftonville (disambiguation)

Cliftonville is a coastal town in Kent, England. The name may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9923603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923603" title="Hanmin University">
Hanmin University

Hanmin University is a university in Yeonsan, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9923617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923617" title="Eimai">
Eimai

Eimai is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in 1990 by CBS Greece.
Background.
The song "Perimeno Tilefonima Sou" is dedicated to the musical "The Phantom of the Opera" by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The album's proposed title was "Ipervoles" ("Exaggerations"), but at the last minute the title of the first track was chosen instead. 
The music video for the album's first single, "Fos", is noted as being one of the first ever large-scale music video production in Greece. Vissi is portrayed as Esmeralda. 
The music video for the second single, "Ena Sou Leo", was based on Greek Hollywood actress Melina Merkouri's famous scene from the film Stella, where at the end Vissi is also killed by her boyfriend. After it was produced, Vissi and Nikos Karvelas decided that it was scandalously raw for the Greek market, so they filmed it again with Vissi singing in the rain. Despite being a simple video, it was widely acclaimed by fans.
In 1997, a remastered version of the original album was released on CD.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Nikos Karvelas.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9923664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923664" title="Shigeo Hirose">
Shigeo Hirose

Born in Tokyo and attending Hibiya High School, he graduated from Yokohama National University in 1971 and received a Ph.D from Tokyo Institute of Technology in 1976 where he later took professorship.
His works includes designs for robots capable of various types of movement such as walking, crawling, swimming and slithering. Specific designs include a "ninja-robot" capable of climbing buildings and a seven-ton robot capable of climbing mountainous slopes with the aim of installing bolts in the ground so as to prevent landslides. Hirose is also involved in work with the United Nations to develop a remotely controlled robot capable of clearing landmines.
Awards.
Prof. Hirose has been awarded about thirty academic prizes including:

</doc>
<doc id="9923666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923666" title="Sirius XMU">
Sirius XMU

Sirius XMU (formerly XMU, and known as Sirius U on Sirius Canada, although Sirius receivers list it as Sirius XM U) is an indie pop, indie rock, unsigned artist music channel on XM Satellite Radio channel 35 (previously 43). On November 12, 2008, it was added to Sirius 26 (replacing the Left of Center channel), moving to Sirius 35 on May 4, 2011, and Dish Network channel 6026. Until February 9, 2010, it was on Direct TV channel 831. The XM DJs were replaced with Sirius DJs, and acquired its current name, even though the channel is still listed as X043-FM by Mediabase. Sirius XM describes the channel as "North America's Indie Rock Station" and primarily airs artists who are signed to independent labels. The channel frequently plays songs from an artist's full album instead of just the singles. The "Wall Street Journal" has described XMU as "XM's alternative-music channel." 
DJs.
The station once featured DJ's Billy Zero and Tobi. Both were released from XM upon the launch of the merged Sirius-XM lineup.
Christopher The Minister left Sirius on November 14, 2008, after six and a half years as a DJ on (formerly) Left of Center and Alt Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="9923687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923687" title="Roy Castleton">
Roy Castleton

Royal Eugene Castleton (July 26, 1885 – June 24, 1967) was a relief pitcher for the New York Highlanders and Cincinnati Reds. The first native of the state of Utah and the first Mormon to play in the major leagues, Castleton made his debut with the Highlanders on April 16, 1907, and played his final game with the Reds on May 29, 1910.
Castleton's potential as a player was undermined by chronic health problems that ultimately forced him to retire. He is most often remembered for pitching a perfect game while playing for a team in the Ohio-Pennsylvania League.
Early years.
Castleton was born in Salt Lake City, to parents who were born in England. After arriving in the United States, his grandfather, James Castleton, worked as a gardener for Brigham Young, eventually saving enough money to establish his own business. His father, Charles Castleton, was a successful carpenter, and young Roy enjoyed the amenities of a middle-class upbringing. A strong student who excelled at mathematics, Castleton gravitated toward a career in sports shortly after graduating from high school.
Minor league career.
In 1904, Castleton signed on with the Salt Lake City ball club, which played in the Class B Pacific National League. In the 1904-1905 season, he pitched for another team based in Ogden, Utah, that was also poised to enter the league. Still a teenager, he nevertheless distinguished himself with a 16-inning loss.
In 1906, Castleton moved east and joined the minor league Youngstown Ohio Works, a team based in the steel-production center of Youngstown, Ohio. The youngest player on a club of seasoned veterans, Castleton gained national exposure with a perfect game against rival Akron, shutting them out at 4–0. The local media compared the feat to Cy Young's perfect game a year earlier, and Castleton quickly received offers from major league managers, including Clark Griffith of the New York Highlanders. Drafted by the Highlanders, Castleton played out the remainder of the season in Youngstown, ending with a 22–12 record and striking out 156 batters in 278 innings.
View Minor League Statistics
Major league career.
After spring training in Atlanta, Georgia, Castleton was one of five pitchers used in an opening game against the Philadelphia Athletics. After pitching a hitless inning, he was selected as starting pitcher for an exhibition game with Newark. Unfortunately, he performed poorly and was sent back to Atlanta for additional experience. Once there, Castleton pitched formidably in the Southern Association, winning 10 of 13 decisions for Atlanta, despite earlier inactivity due to a sore arm. At the close of the Southern Association's season, Castleton was called to rejoin the New York Highlanders, where he made two starts in the last week of the American League season. In his first start, during a contest with the St. Louis Browns, Castleton allowed five hits, striking out two, and walking one. Despite New York's 3–1 loss to the Browns, the pitcher gained positive reviews. During his second start, in a match with the Chicago White Sox, Castleton allowed six hits, striking out three and walking one.
Despite Castleton's solid pitching, manager Griffith chose to option Castleton to Atlanta for additional seasoning—a decision that had unexpectedly tragic implications for Castleton's career. After a strong start, Castleton suffered a bout with typhoid fever that left him in uncertain health from that point on. His poor health contributed to an inconsistent record, which resulted in his eventual release to Cincinnati in 1909. In the only game of a scheduled doubleheader with Boston (the other games had been cancelled due to inclement weather), Castleton finished with four strikeouts and only one walk. Unfortunately, this was followed by a disastrous appearance in a July 25 bout with St. Louis. Continual health problems that evidently resulted from his 1908 illness impeded his performance, and he was forced to endure long periods of inactivity.
View Major League Baseball Statistics
Later years.
After playing his final game with Cincinnati on May 29, 1910, Castleton continued to pitch for two more seasons with minor league teams in the Pacific Coast League. Despite strong showings, Castleton opted to retire in 1912, as concerns about his damaged health mounted. While his later career was impeded by illness, Castleton was long remembered for his early performance in the Southern Association as well as his perfect game as a minor league pitcher.
After retiring from baseball, Castleton returned to Salt Lake City, where he married and established a lucrative practice as an accountant. He eventually relocated with his wife to Los Angeles, where he died in 1967. His remains were returned to Salt Lake City for burial.

</doc>
<doc id="9923700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923700" title="Thomas Adeoye Lambo">
Thomas Adeoye Lambo

Thomas Adeoye Lambo (March 29, 1923 – March 13, 2004) was a Nigerian scholar, administrator and psychiatrist. He is credited as the first western trained psychiatrist in Nigeria and Africa. Between 1971 and 1988, he worked at the World Health Organization, becoming the agency's deputy director general.
Early life.
Lambo was born in Abeokuta, Ogun State. He attended the famous Baptist Boys High School, Abeokuta from 1935 to 1940. He then proceeded to the University of Birmingham, where he studied medicine. To further his studies and become specialized, in 1952, he enrolled at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London. Adeoye Lambo in due time became famous for his work in ethno-psychiatry and psychiatric epidemiology.
Career.
In 1954, after studying and working as a surgeon in Britain, Dr Lambo returned to Nigeria where he was soon made the specialist in charge at the newly built Aro psychiatric hospital, Abeokuta. By then, Nigeria was undergoing a transition towards political independence which had hastened a culture of innovation and change instead of retardation. Prior to the independence movement, the Federal Government had tried to replicate the European system of creating asylums in the cities for lunatics and mentally ill individuals who were becoming a social nuisance in the streets of many urban areas. The need to put the social anomalous individuals under control, sometimes care and confinement was initiated and a few asylums including one at Yaba were built. However, the institutionalization of mental health was viewed with suspicion by many Nigerians and many still depended on native medicines and herbalists for care. Adeoye Lambo sensing a ground for development, used the opportunity of an independent regional government to start his own out-patient treatment services, the Aro village, pioneering the use of modern curative techniques with traditional religion and native medicines. Adeoye, while at Aro, sought the help of farmers near the asylum to take some of the patients as laborers, while they simultaneously undergo medical treatment, the patients will also pay for any extra services such as housing. He traveled around the country and brought in a few traditional healers from different parts of Nigeria as healers. His style helped relieve public mistrust of mental health hospitals and brought to public discourse the care and treatment of mentally ill citizens. He is credited as providing a platform for re-integrating mentally ill patients into a normal setting and environment and shedding a little bit of the stigma associated with mentally ill individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="9923705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923705" title="Mohamed Monir">
Mohamed Monir

Mohamed Monir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9923772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923772" title="XM Café">
XM Café

XM Café, formerly named Starbucks XM Café, was a music channel on XM Satellite Radio. XM Café was located on XM channel 45 and was also available on DirectTV channel 832. The channel was scrapped as a part of the Sirius XM Merger in November 2008. It was replaced by the Sirius Satellite Radio channel The Spectrum.
XM Café (2001-2007; 2008).
Prior to the merger, XM Café aired a pure format of modern adult alternative music. The channel was part of XM's original programming lineup, dating to 2001.
Starbucks XM Café.
From 2007-07-31 until 2008-09-30, the Starbucks-operated XM channel Hear Music merged with XM Café to create the Starbucks XM Café. The format of the channel was mainly modern adult alternative music with some elements of the old Hear Music channel. On 2008-09-30 the channel returned to its former name, according to XM, after a termination of a marketing contract with Starbucks.

</doc>
<doc id="9923774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923774" title="Lambo (album)">
Lambo (album)

Lambo is an album by Greek singer Anna Vissi, released in Greece and Cyprus in 1992. The single "Lambo" prompted the mambo dance trend in Greece. Due to its December 24 release date, the album was played extensively during the 1992 Christmas holiday period.
Music.
Music and lyrics are entirely by Nikos Karvelas.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9923793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923793" title="Genius of America">
Genius of America

The Tubes returned to the studio in 1996 for this release. "Genius of America" marked a number of firsts for the band: the first CD-only release, the first self-produced release, and the first body of work which includes Gary Cambra. The line-up features Fee, Roger, Rick, Prairie and Gary Cambra.

</doc>
<doc id="9923808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923808" title="1957–58 in Swedish football">
1957–58 in Swedish football

The 1957–58 season in Swedish football, starting August 1957 and ending December 1958:
Domestic results.
Division 2 Norrland 1957–58.
Norrland
Svealand
Östra Götaland
Västra Götaland

</doc>
<doc id="9923811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923811" title="Addison Transit Center">
Addison Transit Center

Addison Transit Center is a bus-only station located along Quorum Drive and Addison Road in Addison, Texas (USA). The station opened in 1999. This transit center will become a future rail station on the Cotton Belt Rail Line as part of DART's 2030 Transit System Plan.
The bus routes within the transit center serves Addison Circle Park as well as The Galleria of Dallas and Valley View Center.

</doc>
<doc id="9923862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923862" title="Horace McKenna">
Horace McKenna

Horace B. McKenna S.J., Founder of S.O.M.E. (So Others Might Eat) and advocate of the Sursum Corda Cooperative. He was born on January 2, 1899 and died on May 11, 1982.
One of 12 children, Horace was born in New York City, the son of Charles F. McKenna, a respected chemist, and Laura O'Neill McKenna. Educated at Fordham Preparatory School, he entered the Society of Jesus at St. Andrew-on-the-Hudson on July 30, 1916. Between 1921 and 1923, he taught in a Jesuit school in Manila, Philippines. There, he discovered the desperate needs of the poor and oppressed. He was ordained June 23, 1929 and assigned to pastor parishes in southern Maryland amidst poverty and segregation including St. Peter Claver's Church, St. James' Church, St. Ignatius' Church and St. Inigoes'. He was active in civil rights, Vietnam-era anti-war protests and the Poor People's Campaign.
From 1953 to 1958, he served at St. Aloysius Gonzaga parish, a Jesuit church a few blocks north of the U.S. Capitol and then as assistant pastor at the Church of the Gesu in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1958 to 1964. In 1964 he returned to St. Aloysius and remained there for the rest of his life, living at Gonzaga College High School and serving the poor. In his commitment to social justice in Washington, D.C., Fr. McKenna founded So Others Might Eat, a soup kitchen, clinic and employment center; Martha's Table, a soup kitchen and child education center; and House of Ruth, a center for homeless women. He was also one of the leaders in establishing the Sursum Corda Cooperative, a housing development for the poor. Documentation of his life's work is maintained in the Georgetown University Library Special Collections Division.
Fr. McKenna was named "Washingtonian of the Year" by "Washingtonian Magazine" in 1977. He received an honorary degree from the University of Scranton in 1998. The McKenna Center, a local shelter and soup kitchen for homeless men, located under the Great Church of St. Aloysius, was named after him in 1982. McKenna Walk NW, a short street within Sursum Corda, is also named after him.
The Father McKenna Center is still located in the basement of Saint Aloysius Catholic Church at 900 North Capitol Street NW in Washington, DC. The McKenna Center exists to meet the needs of the poor and homeless who reside in one of Washington’s poorest neighborhoods despite being in the shadow of the US Capitol Building. McKenna Center serves the needs of the poor, men, women and children. Each day, the McKenna Center fulfills the Gospel instruction to “feed the hungry, shelter the homeless and clothe the naked”.

</doc>
<doc id="9923903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923903" title="Felix Makasiar">
Felix Makasiar

Felix V. Makasiar (November 20, 1915 - February 19, 1992) was the 14th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines, serving in that capacity for four months in 1985. His 85-day stint as Chief Justice, abbreviated only because of the rule requiring mandatory retirement upon reaching the age of 70, was the second-shortest such tenure in Philippine history. Prior to his promotion as Chief Justice, Makasiar had served for 15 years as an Associate Justice.
Profile.
Makasiar was born in Siaton, Negros Oriental and finished his primary and secondary education in his home province. He completed his undergraduate studies at the Far Eastern University, and enrolled at the University of the Philippines College of Law, where he obtained his Bachelor of Laws degree, "cum laude", in 1939. He later obtained a Master of Laws degree from the University of Santo Tomas.
Upon passing the bar in 1939, Makasiar joined the government service as an attorney with the Department of Justice. He would not leave the government service until his retirement from the Supreme Court in 1985. Makasiar rose in the ranks, beginning with a stint with the Office of the Solicitor General, then as a trial court judge beginning in 1954. He was appointed Solicitor-General and Undersecretary of the Department of Justice from 1968 to 1970, and as Secretary of Justice from May until August 1970, at which time he was appointed as Associate Justice to the Supreme Court.
Prior to his appointment to the High Court, Makasiar also worked as a law professor in several universities, including the Manuel L. Quezon University and the San Beda College. 
Supreme Court service.
Makasiar served a total of 15 years on the Court, all within the term of his appointer and law school classmate President Ferdinand E. Marcos. He became chairman of the Judiciary Code Committee, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the Revised Rules of Court, and the first chairman of the Sharia bar examinations inaugurated in 1984.
Jurisprudence.
The most prominent issues during Makasiar's tenure on the Court concerned the validity of the acts of the martial law regime began by Marcos in 1972. On those issues, Makasiar had been described as a loyal ally of Marcos and a consistent supporter of the President's New Society policies. He was among the Justices who voted to affirm the validity of the 1973 Constitution in the seminal case of "Javellana v. Executive Secretary", 50 SCRA 33 (1973). More prominently, in "Aquino v. COMELEC", 62 SCRA 33 (1975), Makasiar wrote for the Court as it denied petitions for prohibition which maintained that Marcos, whose original term as President expired 2 years earlier, held no legal office nor lawful authority. Relying on "Javellana" and "Aquino v. Ponce-Enrile" (which affirmed the validity of the 1972 proclamation of martial law), Makasiar wrote that Marcos was the de jure incumbent President of the Philippines.
In questions concerning labor law and social justice, Makasiar's opinions for the Court reflected sympathies to the common man, and would sometimes resort in rebuke to injustices as reflected by the facts of the case. For example, in "Carbonell v. CA", 69 SCRA 99(1976), Makasiar wrote: "Hence, Carbonell's prior purchase of the land was made in good faith. Her good faith subsisted and continued to exist when she recorded her adverse claim four (4) days prior to the registration of Infante's deed of sale. Carbonell's good faith did not cease after Poncio told her on January 31, 1955 of his second sale of the same lot to Infante, Because of that information, Carbonell wanted an audience with Infante, which desire underscores Carbonell's good faith. With an aristocratic disdain unworthy of the good breeding of a good Christian and good neighbor, Infante snubbed Carbonell like a leper and refused to see her. So Carbonell did the next best thing to protect her right — she registered her adverse claim on February 8, 1955. Under the circumstances, this recording of her adverse claim should be deemed to have been done in good faith and should emphasize Infante's bad faith when she registered her deed of sale four (4) days later on February 12, 1955."
In "Menez v. ECC", G.R. L-48488, April 25, 1980, a case involving the upholding of a teacher’s compensation due to occupational disease, Makasiar expounded at length on the plight of public school teachers:"... Rheumatoid arthritis and pneumonitis can be considered as such occupational diseases. All public high school teachers, like herein petitioner, admittedly the most underpaid but overworked employees of the government, are subject to emotional strains and stresses, dealing as they do with intractable teenagers especially young boys, and harassed as they are by various extra-curricular or non- academic assignments, aside from preparing lesson plans until late at night, if they are not badgered by very demanding superiors. In the case of the petitioner, her emotional tension is heightened by the fact that the high school in which she teaches is situated in a tough area - Binondo district, which is inhabited by thugs and other criminal elements and further aggravated by the heavy pollution and congestion therein as well as the stinking smell of the dirty Estero de la Reina nearby. Women, like herein petitioner, are most vulnerable to such unhealthy conditions. The pitiful situation of all public school teachers is further accentuated by poor diet for they can ill-afford nutritious food. xxx In her work, petitioner also has to contend with the natural elements, like the inclement weather — heavy rains, typhoons — as well as dust — and disease-ridden surroundings peculiar to an insanitary slum area. xxx These unwholesome conditions are "normal and consistently present in" or are the "hazards peculiar to" the occupation of a public high school teacher. It is therefore evident that rheumatoid arthritis and pneumonitis are the "natural incidents" of petitioner's occupation as such public high school teacher. xxx It must be borne in mind that petitioner was a teacher of the Raja Soliman High School which is located in the heart of Binondo District. She was constantly exposed to the heavily polluted air and congestion (squatter's area) characteristic of the area. She was not only exposed to the elements - varying degrees of temperature throughout the day and night - but also had to withstand long hours of standing while performing her teaching job. Likewise, she had to regularly negotiate long trips from her home in Project 2, Quirino District, Quezon City (her residence) to said high school in Binondo, scampering from one ride to another, rain or shine, and sweating in the process."
Promotion to Chief Justice.
Makasiar's appointment as Chief Justice by President Marcos on July 25, 1985, replacing Enrique Fernando, was deemed as controversial. Had the tradition of seniority been observed by Marcos, Claudio Teehankee, who was appointed to the Court nearly two years prior to Makasiar, would have been elevated as Chief Justice. However, Teehankee had constantly voted to nullify the actions of the martial law regime, in contrast to the more favorable positions of Makasiar.
During Makasiar's brief tenure as Chief Justice, the Supreme Court issued two notable rulings favorable to the Marcos government. In "Galman v. Pamaran", 138 SCRA 294 (1985), the Court ruled in favor of the defendants in the pending murder trial of Benigno Aquino, Jr. after they sought the exclusion of their earlier testimonies before the Agrava Board previously tasked with investigating the Aquino assassination. In "Ilagan v. Enrile", 139 SCRA 349(1985), the Court refused to act on petitions for habeas corpus filed in behalf of 3 lawyers who had been arrested and detained without warrants of arrest, ruling that the petitions were mooted by the subsequent filing of criminal informations for rebellion against the lawyers.
Retirement and death.
Makasiar retired from the Supreme Court upon reaching the age of 70 in November 1985. He died 7 years later, on February 19, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9923916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923916" title="Independência, Porto Alegre">
Independência, Porto Alegre

Independência (literally "Independence" in English) is a tiny neighborhood of the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil.
The neighborhood was created by Law 2022 of December 7, 1959. It embraces people from upper middle class to upper class, with some exceptions. Also, there is located a highly regarded and traditional private school of the city, the Marista Nossa Senhora do Rosário school.

</doc>
<doc id="9923926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923926" title="Rufous-bellied thrush">
Rufous-bellied thrush

The rufous-bellied thrush ("Turdus rufiventris") is a songbird of the thrush family (Turdidae). It occurs in most of east and southeast Brazil from Maranhão south to Rio Grande do Sul states, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and northern regions of Argentina.
It is one of the most common birds across much of southeastern Brazil, and is known there under the name sabiá-laranjeira (). It was famously referred to in the well-known first strophe of the Brazilian nationalist poem Canção do exílio. The rufous-bellied thrush has been the state bird of São Paulo since 1966.
This species is named after its distinctive reddish-orange underparts. Rufous-bellied thrushes can reach a length of 25 cm and weigh up to 68 g (male) or 78 g (female), though weights of about 59 g for males and 64 g for females are more usual. Contrary to what one might expect from the rather marked weight difference, the females are not larger, only plumper; their tarsus is actually a bit shorter than that of males on average.
Found in forests and urban wooded areas, it is an omnivorous bird. Its food consists mainly of fruits and arthropods, and it can sometimes be seen attending mixed-species feeding flocks and moving through the bushes with many other birds. It has been observed to squabble with a common marmoset ("Callithrix jacchus") in the undergrowth over food flushed by an army ant column, but this was during the dry season when fruits are scarce.
It builds an open-cup nest, sometimes right on the forest floor, sometimes more than 20 meters high in a tree, but usually 4–5 meters above ground. In the yungas of NW Argentina, nesting occurred in the wet season from October to March, with most birds breeding in November–December. The three, sometimes two eggs measure about 27-28 by 20 mm, and weigh c.5.7-5.9 grams each. They are incubated for about 12–13 days, and young take about that long again untlil they fledge. Incubation is solely by the female, which spends considerable time on the nest. The nestlings are attended by both parents however; as the young near fledging, they are fed every 5–7 minutes or so on average. Predation may be a major cause of brood failure; in the Southern Andean yungas it was noted to be especially high during the nestling time and far less significant during incubation.
This common and wide-ranging species is not considered threatened by the IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="9923929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923929" title="A Hollow Cost">
A Hollow Cost

A Hollow Cost (subtitled "A Spoken Word Revelation by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV featuring Larry Thrasher") is a spoken word album by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV featuring Larry Thrasher credited to Psychic TV & Genesis P-Orridge or Thee Majesty depending on the pressing.
The title of the album is a reference to the Holocaust. The cover photo is of Orridge (Neil Megson) aged five.

</doc>
<doc id="9923932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923932" title="Ontario Highway 18">
Ontario Highway 18

King's Highway 18, commonly referred to as Highway 18 was the longest highway in Essex County, Ontario, and travelled through the most communities. Today, it is known as County Road 20. From 1930 to 1998, much of the road was Highway 18, but was turned back on April 1, 1998.
Route description.
From here (the Windsor city limits), it becomes very unclear and contradictory as to whether Highway 18 travelled east along E.C. Row to the Huron Church Road interchange, or north-west along Sandwich Parkway to Sandwich Street and Riverside Drive, to terminate at the foot of Ouellette Avenue (Highway 3B).
This was compounded by the fact that E.C. Row had the secret 7000-series highway designation of Highway 7087. The City of Windsor had assumed all control of Highway 18 (Ojibway Parkway) within its limits, which are north of Morton Drive, but since Highway 18 was signed along E.C. Row to Highway 3 in the period of 1993 to 1998 (Huron Church Road), it is assumed that this is its terminus.
While Highway 18 was under provincial control, the road was simply known as Seacliff Drive in Leamington, and travelled from its intersection with Highway 18 (at Erie Street), to County Road 37, east of the town. When the road was deleted as a Provincial highway, the designation of CR 20 was extended on the entire path of Highway 18.
When the government began downloading provincial highways to the individual counties, districts, regions, towns, and cities on April 1, 1997, the part of road between Ruthven and Leamington was turned back and re-designated as an extension of Essex CR 20. In return, Highway 18 was briefly re-routed along Essex County Road 45 (which was Highway 18B from 1937 to 1954, and then Highway 107 until 1970), to Highway 3 in Ruthven. This was a temporary measure, as the rest of the Highway was gone from the network as of January 1, 1998.
The road is fairly heavily travelled, particularly between the major communities, such as Kingsville and Leamington, and from Amherstburg north to LaSalle and Windsor (where it continues as Ojibway Parkway). The road also contains the Heritage Highway and Detroit River Heritage Parkway designations for most of its length. The road is four-lanes from Amherstburg to Windsor, but is generally 2 lanes for the remainder of its routing.
History.
The route of former Highway 18 is far different from its original one (at 54.9 km in length), which was commissioned in 1930. It was supposed to be an "alternate route" to Highway 2 from Windsor to Tilbury, but was much more direct, so Highway 2 was re-aligned along Highway 18's path. In turn, Highway 18 was extended to travel from Windsor to Amherstburg and Leamington before Highway 2 absorbed its former path from Windsor to Tilbury.
The new Windsor-Amherstburg-Leamington alignment was 79 km in length, and was almost entirely paved. There was one large gap of gravel from Amherstburg to Kingsville. The road started at Highway 3A (Later to become the Dougall Avenue Highway 3B designation) at the entrance of the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel, and ran along a huge loop along the western and southern edges of Essex County, to meet back up with Highway 3 in Leamington.
By 1935, Highway 18 was paved between Harrow and Kingsville, and from Amherstburg to Malden Center. The final gap of gravel was from Malden Center to Kingsville, and that was paved in 1937. The highway was gradually widened to accommodate rising traffic volumes, mainly from Amherstburg to Windsor.
In 1982, the E.C. Row Expressway was extended from Huron Church Road in Windsor, west to Ojibway Parkway (Highway 18). During the construction of the E. C. Row Expressway in the 1960s and 1970s, the road was upgraded to four lanes wide (undivided, and with residential and business accesses), as a temporary measure to see a potential extension of E.C. Row built all the way to Amherstburg. This never materialised, however, and the expressway simply feeds onto Ojibway Parkway and County Road 20.
Before being extended along the entire routing of Highway 18, Essex County Road 20 travelled from Erie Street (Highway 77) in downtown Leamington, for 7 km due-east along Seacliff Drive, before terminating at the intersection with County Road 37 (both roads share the intersection as their termini) near Hillman Marsh. West of the intersection with Erie Street, was Highway 18.

</doc>
<doc id="9923945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923945" title="Standing in the Light">
Standing in the Light

Standing in the Light is the fourth studio album released by the British jazz-funk band Level 42. The album, released in 1983, generated the group's first top 10 in the UK album charts, peaking in #9. The album was well received by critics and fans.
The album was released in many countries beyond the United Kingdom, in Greece, Germany (peaked in #27 on charts), Sweden (peaked in #25 on charts) Japan, Canada, United States and Middle East.
The first single, "Out of Sight, Out of Mind", was released only in the United Kingdom and ranked #41 on the United Kingdom charts. For the album version the song was remixed and a new lead vocal recorded. The second single "The Sun Goes Down (Living it Up)" was released in the United Kingdom, Oceania and other parts Europe and America and gave the group its first top 10 in the United Kingdom. The third single "Micro Kid" peaked at #37 on the United Kingdom single charts. 
The album was released again in 2000 with bonus tracks in a 2-CD compilation with the album ""The Pursuit of Accidents"" in the United Kingdom by the label Polydor.
Personnel.
Plus:

</doc>
<doc id="9923962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923962" title="Yeonsan">
Yeonsan

Yeonsan is a part of Nonsan, South Korea. It is a small town (-gun), located on the rail line between Nonsan proper and Daejeon.
It holds an annual jujube festival.
Hanmin University is located in Yeonsan.

</doc>
<doc id="9923985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923985" title="Top Tracks">
Top Tracks

Top-Tracks was a fully automated XM classic rock channel. The station was available on XM 46 and DirecTV Channel 833 . The channel focuses on classic rock artists such as The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Doors, Pink Floyd, Jimi Hendrix, and some one-hit-wonders. Most of the music is from the 1960s and 70's with very few exceptions such as John Lennon's songs from the 1980 album "Double Fantasy" just before his murder. "Top Tracks" also had a list of the top 46 most influential rock albums that it will play samples of occasionally. 
The station is the audio for the DirecTV channel that shows the day's scheduled pay-per-view sporting events, as well as pregame and postgame feeds on the channels themselves.
As a result of the Sirius-XM merger, this channel merged with Classic Vinyl on November 12, 2008. Although the Classic Vinyl name was carried over, the on-air format is largely that of Top Tracks, with the DJ's from Classic Vinyl still making on-air appearances from time to time.

</doc>
<doc id="9923996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9923996" title="Khyphoplasty">
Khyphoplasty

Khyphoplasty is a type of surgery to repair compression fracture to vertebra, often from osteoporosis. In the procedure, a damaged vertebra is expanded with a balloon-like instrument, and the void which was created is filled with a setting material.

</doc>
<doc id="9924004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924004" title="List of mayors of Prahran">
List of mayors of Prahran

This is a list of mayors and chairmen of the City of Prahran, a former local government area in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia and its precedents. It existed from 1854 until 1994 when it merged with the City of Malvern to form the new City of Stonnington.

</doc>
<doc id="9924013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924013" title="Colleparco">
Colleparco

The area known as Colleparco is one of the most recently developed neighborhoods located in the city of Teramo, central Italy. It is a hilly residential setting resting at an elevation of approximately 300 m.
Overview.
The first urbanization of this pleasant area very near the Teramo city center dates back to the 1980s when a number of large cooperative apartment buildings were conceptualized, granted the necessary planning permits, and eventually constructed. To this day these large structures dominant the surrounding landscape.
In the 1990s the University of Teramo Schools of Law, Political Science, and Communications also built large classroom and faculty buildings in Colleparco. These building have become a focal point of the university in whose classrooms are heard the most illustrious and learned scholars from not only the Abruzzo Region and Italy but also from other EU countries and foreign lands. Many of the commercial establishments in Colleparco are oriented to providing services to the university and the scholars who work therein.
Thanks in large part to the work of Don Giovanni Bruni, the local priest of San Gabriele dell'Addolorata (Saint Gabriel of the Sorrows) parrish, Colleparco also boasts a church-sponsored conference hall which serves as a meeting center for both religious functions as well as civic events important to the citizens of the neighborhood. Another local church, "Sala del Regno" serves the members of the Jehovah's Witnesses

</doc>
<doc id="9924035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924035" title="Emeis">
Emeis

Emeis (; ) is the name of a Greek album jointly recorded by singers Anna Vissi and Nikos Karvelas. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in 1992 by Sony Music Greece. It has achieved gold status. It features her classic song "Den Thelo Na Kseris".
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9924049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924049" title="Ontario Highway 18A">
Ontario Highway 18A

King's Highway 18A, commonly referred to as Highway 18A, was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario which was the southernmost provincial highway to ever exist in Canada. Since 1979, the entire route has been known as Essex County Road 50. The route began and ended at Highway 18, looping through Colchester.
Route description.
Highway 18A was a short looping route that served the short headland that protrudes into Lake Erie between Amherstburg and Kingsville in the southernmost part of Essex County. It began and ended at junctions with the former Highway 18, now Essex County Road 20, that are approximately apart on that road. The route itself is long, detouring to the south along the shore of Lake Erie and passing through Colchester.
History.
Highway 18A was first assigned during the late 1930s. The route remained consistent until its decommissioning during the late 1970s. It is now designated as Essex County Road 50 along its entirety and as Heritage Road east of Colchester.
The highway was assumed by the Department of Highways on April 13, 1938.
In 1979, the highway was transferred in its entirety to Essex County.
Today, the route is known as Essex County Road 50.

</doc>
<doc id="9924050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924050" title="Eru (singer)">
Eru (singer)

ERU (Korean: 이루) (born on July 5, 1983) is the stage name of K-Pop singer-songwriter Jo Sung Hyun.
Biography.
Eru was born on July 5, 1983 in New York, USA to Korean parents. He is the second and youngest son of one of the most popular and veteran Korean trot singer, Tae Jin-ah (née Jo Bang-hun). 
Eru lived in New York until he was 7 years old, then his family moved to South Korea, where he attended numerous international schools including Seoul American High School.
Eru always wanted to be a producer so he composed many songs. But after a while, he decided that he did not want other people to sing his songs. He wanted to sing them himself. He thought that the person who composes the songs understands them better. That's when he decided to become a singer.
In 2003, Eru attended the prestigious Berklee College of Music (Piano Department) in Boston. Eru entered the K-Pop scene himself during a break from Berklee.
Eru went through two years of training before making his debut as a singer in 2005. Eru's debut album included works from musicians such as Joo Young-hoon, Lee Hyun-jung (the composer of Big Mama's "Break Away"), and vocal trainer No Young Joo, who trained BoA, Fly to the Sky and Lee Soo-young. A 100-member string orchestra also participated in his debut album. The first single from his 1st album was "다시 태어나도" (""Rebirth"").
Eru released his 2nd album "Level II" on September 16, 2006. The first single from his 2nd album, "까만안경" (""Black Glasses"") which features singer Daylight, gained significant popularity among young people and topped on- and offline charts. The song would later be showered with numerous awards, including Jukeon's song of the month (October 2006) and SBS's Bonsang Award. The music video for "까만안경" was also popular among his fans, as it featured Kim Hyun Joong of SS501, Lee Young Ah and Ahn Sung Ki. 
After the huge success of "까만안경", Eru released his second single "흰눈" (""White Snow""), which he wrote himself. "흰눈" was also successful, reaching #1 on various online charts and winning several awards, including Cyworld's Song of the Month (January 2007). The music video for "흰눈" was shot in Sapporo, Japan and featured Eru and entertainer Lee Hyun-ji. Aside from his own music videos, Eru appeared in female singer Magolpi's debut music video "Flight Girl", where his role was as a composer, along with six other Korean artists, including Yoochun of TVXQ, Kangin, Heechul and Shindong of Super Junior, Park Joon-hyung of g.o.d.., and Kim Jang-hoon.
In March 2007, Eru received an offer to appear in a Japanese movie titled "Three Tattoos". Eru's agency stated that the offer was quite tempting, as the movie was being directed by Sukimori Hitomi and would likely be exported overseas. However, Eru's agency also stated that Eru would reject the offer as he has yet to establish himself in Korea as an artist.
Eru released his 3rd album "Eru Returns" on September 19, 2007 and it became the #1 album during October 2007, selling 42,228 copies in South Korea. The lead single from this album, "둘이라서" (""Because We Are Two""), enjoyed enormous popularity, winning SBS's Bonsang Award. The music video for this song featured celebrities Ahn Sung-ki, Bong Tae-gyu and Park Joong-hoon. Eru also released "겨울나기" (""Wintering"") and "마네킹" (""Mannequin"")" as singles from "Eru Returns". The star-studded music video cast for "겨울나기" included Eru, actresses Lee So-yeon and Kim Ja-ok, actor Park Sang-myun, trot singers Tae Jin-ah and Song Dae-kwan, comedians Lee Kyung-kyu and Ji Sang-ryeol, singer Kim Heung-gook, and others.
Before his debut, he also appeared as one of the main characters in his own father's music video, 사랑은 아무나 하나 (Not everyone can love) If you watch this video, you can see that this was when he was very obese. At the time of this music video, he weighed approximately 115 kg! Now, after his successful diet he weighs close to 70 kg.
In late December 2007, Eru released a statement revealing his intentions of fulfilling his military service duties in the latter half of 2008, since he became a Korean citizen 2 years ago.
His first solo concert took place on February 16, 2008 in South Korea.
In addition to his singing activities, he was attending Dankook University.
In May 1, 2008, Eru entered the boot camp to start his mandatory military service at Nonsan Military Training Center.
Eru stayed there for four weeks to receive basic training and was subsequently assigned to public service duty. He completed his duty within two years, and returned home on May 27, 2010.
Eru has released a music video titled "White Tears," his single for his fourth album. His fourth album was released on August 23, 2010.
In 2013, Eru collaborated with Indonesian comedian Sule in a multi-lingual music video titled "Saranghaeyo".

</doc>
<doc id="9924061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924061" title="Diamond Plaza">
Diamond Plaza

Diamond Plaza is a luxurious shopping center in downtown District 1, Ho Chi Minh City. The complex includes a 22-story building and a 15-story building and serves as shopping center, 6 cinema lounges, restaurants, café, hospital. The complex was completed and open for business in 1999. There is a helicopter pad on the roof of the building. By this building is located Saigon Notre-Dame Basilica and Saigon Central Post Office. South Korea's Posco Construction & Engineering did the construction for the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9924073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924073" title="Parks West Mall">
Parks West Mall

Parks West Mall is a 16-store shopping mall in Hinton, Alberta, Canada. The mall was developed in 1990, by Mandel Group. It was estimated at the time to cost $14 million, with a plan for 42 tenants in 152,300 sq ft. Initially the anchor tenants included Woolco and Safeway. Current anchors are Wal-Mart (60,346 sq ft.) and Safeway (29,586 sq ft.).
Controversies.
The plan to build the mall was the subject of controversy, as some local store owners complained that the Alberta government's business immigration program would unfairly favour the mall's tenants through offshore financing.
A 1995 court case between the mall and a prospective tenant was cited in a law book, "Tenant's Rights and Remedies in a Commercial Lease" by Harvey M. Haber.

</doc>
<doc id="9924074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924074" title="Live! (Anna Vissi album)">
Live! (Anna Vissi album)

Anna Vissi Live! is the name of a live Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It is her first live album and was released in Greece and Cyprus in December 1993. It was recorded in "Zoom" night club, in Plaka, Athens. The reason for its release was to celebrate the 20 years of Anna Vissi's career (1973–1993). It included many of her hits so far in live versions, as well as live covers of her early recordings back in the 70s, as to honour Stavros Kougioumtzis and Doros Georgiadis, the first composers she collaborated with. It also featured three duets with Lampis Livieratos and Yannis Siamsiaris, who also took part in the live performance as backing vocalists. Anna Vissi dedicated the album to her daughter Sofia Karvela.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9924135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924135" title="Fernando Veneranda">
Fernando Veneranda

Fernando Veneranda (May 23, 1941 – March 1, 2007 in Porto San Giorgio) was an Italian football (soccer) player and manager.
Playing career.
Veneranda, a forward, started his professional career for Fiorentina, where he played from 1960 to 1963. He never played a single Serie A match, but appeared in a Cup Winners' Cup match, as well as in the Coppa Italia and Mitropa Cup. He owns the record of being the Fiorentina players with the highest number of appearances without having ever played a league match. He then played for a number of Serie A, B and C clubs. Veneranda ended his playing career in 1973 for Matera, and soon became manager of the same club.
Managing career.
After his time at Matera, Veneranda moved to Campobasso, Marsala, and to Palermo, a former playing club of his, at the end of the 1976/1977 season. He is best remembered among Palermo fans for having led the Serie B club to its second Coppa Italia final in history, then lost 2–1 to giants Juventus. Despite this, Veneranda coached only a single Serie A team in his whole career, Avellino; he was called to coach the "biancoverdi" in October 1982 and obtained a good ninth place for the small club; he was fired after the tenth matchday of the next season. Veneranda retired from football in 1992, after he relegated to Serie C1 with Messina.
Veneranda died on March 1, 2007, aged 65, in his native city of Porto San Giorgio.

</doc>
<doc id="9924199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924199" title="Political positions of Republican candidates, 2008">
Political positions of Republican candidates, 2008

The Following is a table which gives a basic overview of the beliefs of a selection of the Republican presidential candidates (including undeclared candidates and candidates with exploratory committees.)
Color Coding.
█ = Declared Candidates
█ = Candidates with Exploratory Committees
█ = Potential candidates (undeclared)
Candidate Breakdown.
Abortion.
Note: The NARAL Rating is a tool used by the "Pro-Choice" camp that gauges how "Pro-Choice" or "Pro-Life" currently elected officials are (logically, the most current ratings would not apply to candidates not currently in office). This measure is taken by a partisan organization and its limitations should be acknowledged as such.
Immigration.
The ABI rating is a rating given by an organization called Americans For Better Immigration, that "lobbies Congress for reductions in immigration numbers." and gauges how politicians currently in office have voted in accordance with their position. This measure is taken by a partisan organization and its limitations should be acknowledged as such.

</doc>
<doc id="9924201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924201" title="Saigon Central Post Office">
Saigon Central Post Office

Saigon Central Post Office (, ) is a post office in the downtown Ho Chi Minh City, near Saigon Notre-Dame Basilica, the city's main church. The building was constructed when Vietnam was part of French Indochina in the early 20th century. It has a neoclassical architectural style. It was designed and constructed by the famous architect Gustave Eiffel in harmony with the surrounding area. Today, the building is a tourist attraction.
Inside the Saigon Central Post office of special note are two painted maps that were created just after the post office was first built, the first one located on the left side of the building is a map of Southern Vietnam and Cambodia titled ‘Lignes telegraphiques du Sud Vietnam et Cambodge 1892′ which translates to ‘Telegraphic lines of Southern Vietnam and Cambodia 1892”
The second map of greater Saigon is titled ‘Saigon et ses environs 1892′ translating to ‘Sai Gon and its environment 1892′
It was constructed between 1886-1891.

</doc>
<doc id="9924217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924217" title="Languages of Niger">
Languages of Niger

Depending on how they are counted, Niger has between 8 and 20 indigenous languages. The discrepancy comes from the fact that several are closely related, and can be grouped together or considered apart.
French, inherited from the colonial period, is the official language. It is spoken mainly as a second language by people who have received an education. Although educated Nigeriens still constitute a relatively small percentage of the population, the French language is the language used by the official administration (courts, government, etc.), the media and the business community. See also: African French.
The usual categorization of languages of Niger mentions eight national languages. These, their language families, the approximate percentage of the population that speak them, and their approximate home regions are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9924232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924232" title="Robert Skene">
Robert Skene

Charles Robertson Skene (May 26, 1914 – August 24, 1997), nicknamed Hurricane Bob was a ten-goal polo player. He was inducted into the Museum of Polo and Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Skene was born in Assam, India to an Australian tea planter, Curtis Skene. His father was a distinguished polo player, becoming an eight-goal player in 1929. Charles Skene began his polo-playing career playing country club polo in Australia with his father and friends.
He was a two-goal player at 18. In 1937 he was on the Ashton Brothers Australian team that won the Champion Cup at the Hurlingham Club in London. At 25 he received a nine-goal rating playing for England vs. the United States in the Westchester Cup on Long Island, New York. Skene remained in the United States after the match, working in the war relief effort in the Bundles for Britain campaign. He played no polo until 1949.
Wanting to contribute more to the war effort, he soon joined the Indian army, becoming an officer in a Gurkhas regiment. In February 1942 he was posted to Malaya, then taken prisoner by the Japanese at the fall of Singapore the same month. He was held in Singapore's infamous Changi Prison for 3½ years. In late 1946 Skene was discharged from the army; he became a racing steward in Kuala Lumpur, Malaya.
In 1949 he was invited to play for England again, vs. Argentina in Argentina. The Argentines initially gave him a handicap of six goals, but soon raised that to nine goals. In 1950, he was hired by Russell E. Havenstrite to manage the Beverly Hills Polo Club in Beverly Hills, California. At the end of the 1950 season he was raised to a ten-goal ranking (the maximum possible).
He played in eight U.S. Open Championships, and was on the winning side three times. He retained his ten-goal ranking for 17 years, until the age of 53. In 1954 he became the first foreigner to play for an Argentine team (El Trebol) in an Argentine Open. He was invited to play there again in 1956. Both times he was on the winning team.
In 1960 he moved to Santa Barbara, California, where he became manager of the Santa Barbara Polo Club. In the early 1970s the historic club was in financial difficulty. Membership and patronage had dropped, and property developers were trying to redevelop the polo fields. Skene worked keeping the club afloat, lobbying the county supervisors against development proposals, organizing volunteers, repairing stables, organizing teams and playing, and generating greater interest and a larger membership. He is credited with saving polo in Santa Barbara.
In 1972 and 1973 he made extensive travels around the United States, teaching polo schools at various polo clubs.
In 1988 Skene was inducted into the Sports Australia Hall of Fame and in 1990 he was admitted to the United States Polo Hall of Fame. The Santa Barbara club awards the annual Robert Skene Trophy to twenty-goal tournament winners.
He died on August 24, 1997 in Santa Barbara, California at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="9924235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924235" title="Choerospondias axillaris">
Choerospondias axillaris

Choerospondias axillaris, known as Lapsi लप्सी in Nepali, also known in English as the "Nepali hog plum", and nànsuānzǎo in Mandarin (), is a tree in the family Anacardiaceae. It is known as "Lepchipoma" in Assamese and in Bengal it is known as Amrda. It is native to much of Asia from India to China to Japan. Its fruit is about 3 centimeters long and has a soft whitish sour flesh and green to yellow skin. The fruit is made into pickles, fruit tarts, and sour, spicy candy in Nepal. The tree has long been cultivated in rural Nepal for its fruit. The fruit is nutritious and has a price comparable to the mandarin orange on the Nepalese market.
This is a deciduous tree growing up to 20 meters tall. The smaller branches are purple-brown in color. The compound leaves are up to long and divided into 3 to 6 papery oval leaflets each up to . The tree is dioecious, with male and female trees producing different types of inflorescence. Male flowers occur in long clusters and have curving, brown-veined petals about 3 millimeters long. Female flowers are solitary in leaf axils at the tips of branches. They are larger than the male flowers and yield the edible drupe. The fallen fruits are consumed and dispersed by sambar and barking deer.
Besides fruit, the tree yields valuable wood and hard seeds which are burned for fuel, and has parts used medicinally in Vietnam. 
Catechin-7-O-glucoside can be found in the stem barks of "C. axillaris".

</doc>
<doc id="9924242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924242" title="1983 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill">
1983 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill

Women's Downhill World Cup 1982/1983
Final point standings.
In Women's Downhill World Cup 1982/83 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().

</doc>
<doc id="9924247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924247" title="Lightning Switch">
Lightning Switch

Lightning Switch is a wireless and batteryless remote control switch technology manufactured by PulseSwitch Systems, a member of The Face Companies Group of Norfolk, Virginia. It is most commonly used as a wireless light switch.
Energy harvesting.
The Lightning Switch transmitter requires no outside source of electricity. Each time the transmitter button is pressed, the transmitter converts the mechanical energy supplied by the user's finger into electricity to power a radio transmission to a receiver/relay through the use of a piezoelectric generator (brand name: Lightning) originally invented by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. This technology is described in the 2005 issue of NASA "Spinoff" magazine.[http://www.nasatech.com/Spinoff/Spinoff2005/ch_5.html]
Technology.
The Lightning Switch is featured in the 2007 Concept Home in Omaha, Nebraska, part of the Partnership for Advancing Technology in Housing (PATH) coordinated by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
Lightning products were studied by HUD consultant Newport Partners, LLC[http://newportpartnersllc.com/technologies/pulseswitch.html] of Davidsonville, Maryland USA.
Lightning Switch won a 2006 NOVA Award,[http://www.cif.org][http://www.cif.org/nom2006/Nom-17-2006.pdf] the highest international honor for innovation in the construction industry.
In October 2007, NASA cited the employment of the Lightning piezoelectric generator in the Lightning Switch as one of the top 20 spinoff technologies produced over the previous five years, based on factors such as quality of life, economic benefit, and value back to NASA.[http://216.71.30.251/NASA20.pdf]
In March 2008, the Lightning Switch was chosen as the winner of the 2008 SPIE Smart Structures Product Implementation Award.[http://www.spie.org]
In 2012, the Lightning Switch was "Space Certified" by the Space Foundation. [http://www.spacecertification.org/certified-products/lightning-switch-pulsestar-lighting-system]

</doc>
<doc id="9924262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924262" title="Long-chain-fatty-acid—CoA ligase">
Long-chain-fatty-acid—CoA ligase

The Long chain fatty acyl-CoA synthetase enzyme is a member of the ligase family that activates the breakdown of complex fatty acids. Long chain fatty acyl-CoA synthetase plays a crucial role in intermediary metabolism by catalyzing the formation of fatty acyl-CoA by a two-step process proceeding through an adenylated intermediate. It is an enzyme present in all organisms from bacteria to humans. It catalyzes the pre-step reaction for β-oxidation of fatty acids or can be incorporated in phospholipids. 
Long chain fatty acyl-CoA synthetase, LC-FACS, plays a role in the physiological regulation of various cellular functions via the production of long chain fatty acyl-CoA esters, which reportedly have affected protein transport, enzyme activation, protein acylation, cell signaling, and transcriptional regulation. The formation of fatty acyl-CoA is catalyzed in two steps: a stable intermediate of fatty acyl-AMP molecule and then the product is formed—fatty acid acyl-CoA molecule.
Fatty acyl CoA synthetase catalyzes the activation of a long fatty acid chain to a fatty acyl CoA, requiring the energy of 1 ATP to AMP and pyrophosphate. This step uses 2 "ATP equivalents" because pyrophosphate is cleaved into 2 molecules of inorganic phosphate, breaking a high-energy phosphate bond.
Mechanism and active site.
The mechanism for Long Chain Fatty Acyl-CoA Synthetase is a “bi uni uni bi ping-pong” mechanism. The uni and bi prefixes refer to the number of substrates that enter the enzyme and the number of products that leave the enzyme; bi describes a situation where two substrates enter the enzyme at the same time. Ping-pong signifies that a product is released before another substrate can bind to the enzyme. 
In step one, ATP and a long chain fatty acid enter the enzyme’s active site. Within the active site the negatively charged oxygen on the fatty acid attacks the alpha phosphate on ATP, forming an ATP-long chain fatty acid intermediate. (Step 1, Figure 3) In the second step, Pyrophosphate (PPi) leaves, resulting in an AMP-long chain fatty acid molecule within the enzyme’s active site. (Step 2, Figure 3) Coenzyme A now enters the enzyme and another intermediate is formed which consists of AMP-long chain fatty acid-Coenzyme A. (Step 3, Figure 3) At the end of this mechanism two products are released, AMP and acyl coa synthetase. (Step 4, Figure 3)
Acyl CoA is formed from long chain fatty acids through an acyl substitution. In an ATP dependent reaction, the fatty acid carboxylate is converted to a thioester. The final products of this reaction are acyl-CoA, pyrophosphate (PPi) and AMP.
Structure.
There are several highly conserved areas and a 20-30% amino acid sequence similarity between the members of this superfamily. The enzymes in the family consist of a large N-terminal and a small C-terminal domain, with the catalytic site positioned between the two domains. Substrate binding may affect the relative positions of the C- and N-terminal domains. The C-terminal domain of LC-FACS is assumed to be in an open conformation when a substrate is absent and in a closed conformation when a substrate is bound. The accessibility of the active site to solvent is reduced when the C- and N-terminal domains approach one another.
The structure-function relationship between LC-FACS and the formation and processing of the acyl-AMP intermediate was still unclear. A domain swapped dimer is formed by LC-FACS, with monomer interacting at the N-terminal domains. A large electrostatically positive concave is located at the back of the structure in the central valley of the homodimer. Asp15 forms an intermolecular salt bridge with Arg176 in the dimer interactions. An intermolecular hydrogen bond is formed between the main chain carbonyl group of Glu16and the side chain of Arg199. At the interface, Glu175 forms an intermolecular salt bridge with Arg199. The L motif, a six-amino acid peptide linker, connects the large N-terminal domain and a small C-terminal domain of each LC-FACS monomer. The N-terminal domain is composed of two subdomains: a distorted antiparallel β-barrel and two β-sheets surrounded by α-helices forming an αβαβα sandwich. The small C-terminal globular domain consists of two-stranded β-sheet and a three-stranded antiparallel β-sheet flanked by three α-helices.
ATP binding to the C-terminal domain.
The conformations of the C-teriminal domain of the LC-FACS structures are dependent on the presence of a ligand. AMP-PNP, a nonhydrolyzable ATP analogue, bound to LC-FACS results in the closed conformation with the C- and N-terminal domains directly interacting. In crystal structures, AMP-PNP is bound in a crevasse of each monomer at the interface between the N- and C-terminal domains. The closed conformation of the C-terminal domain is retained with myristroyl-AMP. Three residues in the C-terminal domain, Glu443, Glu475, and Lys527, interact noncovalently with L motif residues and the N-terminal domain to stabilize the closed conformation. There are two types of open conformations in the C-terminal domains of the uncomplexed structure. The C- and N-terminal domains do not interact directly for both monomers of the dimer. An extensive hydrogen bond network is used by the AMP moiety of the bound ATP molecule to hold the C- and N-terminal domains together. 
Fatty acid-binding tunnel.
Bulkier long chain fatty acids are bound by a fatty acid-binding tunnel that is located in the N-terminal domain of each monomer. A large β-sheet and an α-helix cluster surround the tunnel which extends from the concave cavity in the central valley to the site of ATP-binding. There are two distinct paths in the large central pathway of the tunnel in the complex structure, which includes the “ATP path” and the “center path,” separated by the indole ring of Trp234 in the G motif. There is also another branch of the central pathway known as the “dead and branch.” The indole ring of Trp234 closes the fatty acid-binding tunnel in the uncomplexed structure. It opens up once AMP-PNP binds through hydrogen bond formation between β-phosphate and the nitrogen on the ring of Trp234. During this time, the closed conformation is adopted by the mobile C-terminal domain. There is a shift in the flexible loop of the G motif in the closed structures of LC-FACS, resulting in a wider dead end branch compared to the uncomplexed forms. 
The ATP binding site is connected to an ATP path that is a hydrophobic channel in the fatty acid-binding tunnel. The fatty acid enters through the center path extending from the interface of the dimer along β-strand 13 to the ATP path. The connection between the two paths is blocked by the indole ring of Trp234 in the absence of ATP. Water molecules fill the center path in the AMP-PNP and myristoyl-AMP complex structures and through the entrance of the center path, they connect to the bulk solvent regions. The basic residues from each monomer, Lys219, Arg296, Arg297, Arg321, Lys350, and Lys 354, cause the entrance of the center path to generate a positive electrostatic potential. The dead end branch contains residues 235-243 and extends from the fatty acid-binding tunnel to α-helix h. The bottom of the dead end branch consists of a hydrophilic environment from the water molecules and polar side chains.
Domains.
The domains founds in Long chain fatty acyl CoA synthetase are shown both in the enzyme view (figure 6) and sequence view (figure 7). LC-FACS has five domains. 
After searching 1v26 in Entrez, the location of the 5 domains was shown and was used to create figure 6 and 7. The ribbons colors in figure 6 correspond to the colors of the figure 7.
Inhibition by long chain fatty acyl-CoAs.
A long term and short term regulation controls fatty acid synthesis. Long term fatty acid synthesis regulation is dependent on the rate of acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) synthesis, the rate-limiting enzyme and first enzyme of the fatty acid synthesis, and fatty acid synthase (FAS), the second and major enzyme of the fatty acid synthesis. Cellular fatty acyl-CoA is involved in the short term regulation, but there is not a full understanding of the mechanisms. 
Free fatty acids inhibits the de novo fatty acid synthesis and appears to be dependent on the formation of long chain fatty acyl-CoAs. Studies have shown that long chain fatty acyl-CoAs inhibit ACC and FAS via feedback inhibition. Long chain fatty acyl-CoA’s inhibitory effect on the fatty acid synthesis may be a result of its regulation of lipogenic enzymes in a feedback manner through gene transcription suppression.
Long-chain fatty-acid-CoA ligase in cells catalytically synthesizes long chain fatty acyl-CoAs. Long-chain fatty-acid-CoA ligase may be involved in an important role in the suppression of fatty acid synthesis and it has been reported that it played a part in fatty acid synthesis inhibition. It was recently found that vitamin D3 upregulates FACL3, which forms long-chain fatty acid synthesis through the use of myristic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and arachidonic acid as substrates, in expression and activity levels. FACL3 contributes to vitamin D3 growth inhibitory effect in human prostate cancer LNCaP cells. A current study reports that the feedback inhibition of FAS expression by long chain fatty acyl-CoAs causes the downregulation of FAS mRNA by vitamin D3.
Diseases.
Adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD), is the build up of long chain fatty acids in the brain and adrenal cortex, because of the decreased activity of long chain fatty acyl coa synthetase. The oxidation of the long chain fatty acids normally occurs in the peroxisome where the long chain fatty acyl coa synthetase is found. Long chain fatty acids enter the peroxisome via a transporter protein, ALDP, which creates a gate in the membrane of the peroxisome. In ALD the gene for this peroximal membrane transporter, ALDP, is defective, preventing long chain fatty acids from entering the peroxisome.
Examples.
Human genes encoding long-chain-fatty-acid—CoA ligase enzymes include:

</doc>
<doc id="9924278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924278" title="Public Enemy No. 1 (street gang)">
Public Enemy No. 1 (street gang)

Public Enemy No. 1 (abbreviated as PEN1) is a white supremacist street gang based in Southern California, USA. The California Department of Justice in 2004 described it as “one of the most powerful and fastest-growing gangs inside and outside prison” and said it had about 200 members statewide. Its main activities include identity theft, credit card fraud and methamphetamine sales. 
History.
The gang started as "Peni Death Squad (PDS), a punk gang in the 1980s, the name being derived from the anarcho-punk/deathrock band, 'Rudimentary Peni'. Originally, PDS was mainly a loose-knit group of suburban teens, runaways and homeless youngsters. Other examples of Southern California hardcore punk gangs included La Mirada punks, Vicious Circle, The HB's, FFF (Fight For Freedom), The West Side Suicidals, L.A. Death Squad (L.A.D.S.), Circle One, and Bakersfield's Zero-Core. These groups were typically made up of suburban counter-culture teenagers, skaters, surfers, etc.
The formation of the group was greatly influenced by members in the hardcore punk rock scene in Long Beach, California during the 1980s. However, by the 1990s, PEN1’s base of operations had partially been relocated to Orange County where they began recruiting suburban adolescents. By the 2000s, the gang’s influence has spread throughout California and Arizona, with some members in Idaho and Nevada. They have ties to the prison gangs Aryan Brotherhood and Nazi Lowriders. Their main rivals are the Bloods, Crips, the Norteños, Nuestra Familia, Black Guerilla Family.
Identity theft.
PEN1 is heavily involved in identity theft, not a crime usually associated with gangs; most of the income from this is allegedly used to finance methamphetamine sale and other operations. Originally they did this by raiding mailboxes and trash cans for personal information, but the gang later used contacts inside of banks, mortgage companies and state motor vehicle departments in order to gain access to credit profiles. This has led to law enforcement officials requesting that their personal information be removed so that it can't be used by gang members to identify home addresses of police officers.
Hostility towards law enforcement.
In 2007, police forces in Orange County arrested 67 alleged PEN1 members after learning of an extensive "hit list" that included five police officers and a gang prosecutor. Those arrested in the raid were charged with conspiracy to commit murder, possession of illegal weapons and identity theft.

</doc>
<doc id="9924296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924296" title="Enrique Fernando">
Enrique Fernando

Enrique M. Fernando (July 25, 1915 – October 13, 2004) was the 13th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. A noted constitutionalist and law professor, he served in the Supreme Court for 18 years, including 6 years as Chief Justice. 
Early career.
Fernando was born in Malate, Manila. He obtained his Bachelor of Laws degree at the University of the Philippines College of Law, graduating "magna cum laude" in 1938. Shortly after admission to the bar, he joined the faculty of his alma mater, where he taught as a full-time member of the faculty until 1953, and as a professorial lecturer for decades afterwards. He was eventually appointed as the George A. Malcolm Professor of Constitutional Law. Later, he would also teach constitutional law at the Lyceum of the Philippines. Fernando was feared for his rather tyrannical manner in the classroom, yet many of his law students would emerge as Supreme Court justices or prominent practitioners in their own right. 
In 1947, he was admitted by the Yale Law School as the first Filipino Sterling Fellow, earning his Master of Law degree the following year. 
Fernando was appointed as a Code Commissioner in 1953 and served in that capacity until 1964. In the 1950s, he served as a Presidential adviser to Presidents Ramon Magsaysay and Carlos P. Garcia. He likewise engaged in an extensive private practice prior to his appointment to the Supreme Court. Among his law partners was Senator Lorenzo Tañada, with whom he would co-author a popular hornbook on constitutional law. In his lifetime, Fernando would author several books on constitutional and administrative law.
Supreme Court years.
In 1966, Fernando was appointed as Presidential Legal Counsel by Ferdinand Marcos. The following year, he was named as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court by Marcos appointed. 
If not for the death of Chief Justice Fred Ruiz Castro in 1979, Fernando would have had the opportunity to become the Chief Justice only in 1984, after Castro reached the mandatory retirement age of 70, and serving for only 1 year until his own retirement. However, Castro died suddenly of a heart attack on April 19, 1979, and Fernando, by then the most senior of the Associate Justices, was promoted by Marcos as Chief Justice. 
Jurisprudence.
At the time of his appointment to the Court, Fernando was already recognized as one of the country's leading authorities on constitutional law, and as an ardent civil libertarian and active member of the Civil Liberties Union founded by his colleague on the Court, J.B.L. Reyes. He was especially noted for his mastery of American jurisprudence on republicanism and individual rights. He would have ample opportunity to expound on these subjects during his 17-year tenure on the Court. 
In "Morfe v. Mutuc", 130 Phil. 415 (1968), Fernando wrote for the Court that an anti-graft law requiring the periodic submission by public officials of their statements of assets and liabilities did not infringe on the officer's right to liberty under the due process clause, or on the right to privacy. Nonetheless, "Morfe" marked the first time the Philippine Supreme Court recognized the existence of a constitutional right to privacy as ""accorded recognition independently of its identification with liberty; in itself, it is fully deserving of constitutional protection."" The then-recent United States Supreme Court ruling in Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479 (1965) was favorably cited.
Fernando was also a persistent proponent of the clear and present danger test as the only acceptable limitation on the right to free expression, as expressed in his ponencia in "Gonzales v. COMELEC", 137 Phil. 471 (1969), and his dissent in "Badoy v. Ferrer", 35 SCRA 285 (1970).
Controversies.
Along with Claudio Teehankee, Sr., Fernando was the longest serving of the Justices appointed during the 20-year rule of Ferdinand Marcos. However, unlike Teehankee who progressively became a consistent dissenter to the martial-law rule of Marcos, Fernando frequently voted to affirm challenged acts of the martial law regime. Even though Fernando often qualified his opinions to voice concerns about potential violations of the Bill of Rights, his voting record, as well as his relatively lengthy tenure as Chief Justice during martial law tied him closely with the Marcos regime, and to a Supreme Court perceived as a "lackey of Malacañang". This reputation was further enhanced when Fernando was photographed holding an umbrella to the then First Lady Imelda Marcos, a seeming act of chivalry many considered it inappropriate for the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Critically, Justice Isagani Cruz observed that ""as Chief Justice, Fernando emphasized that one of the important functions of the judiciary was the 'legitimizing' function. This was to be the stand-by excuse of the Court under him whenever it had to sustain the acts of President Marcos.""
In 1982, controversy arose after reports that in the bar examinations held that year, the test booklets had been rechecked in order to confer a passing grade to the son of one of the Justices who had initially flunked. The rechecking was reportedly permitted by Fernando. Justice Ameurfina Melencio-Herrera complained of the action, and the story broke in the media. As a result, all the members of the Court, including Fernando, submitted their resignations to President Marcos, who later rejected all but two of the resignations. 
Shortly after the murder of opposition leader Benigno Aquino, Jr. in 1983, Marcos named Fernando to head a fact-finding commission tasked with investigating the assassination. The appointment drew controversy due to concerns that the it violated the constitutional separation of powers, and also out of concerns that a commission headed by a man so closely identified to the Marcos regime would not be sufficiently independent. Fernando promptly resigned, and retired Court of Appeals Justice Corazon Juliano-Agrava was appointed to head what became known as the Agrava Fact Finding Commission.
Later years.
Fernando's lengthy service in the Court ended in 1985, when he reached the compulsory retirement age of 70. Marcos would be toppled from power the following year, and Fernando's most prominent rival Teehankee would be named Chief Justice by Corazon Aquino.
Fernando remained in active practice until shortly before his death at the age 89 in 2004. His expertise as amicus curiae was sought by the Court in the controversial case of "Manila Prince Hotel v. GSIS", 267 SCRA 408 (1997).
Fernando is buried at the Libingan ng mga Bayani.

</doc>
<doc id="9924303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924303" title="Weiyang Palace">
Weiyang Palace

Weiyang Palace () was a palace complex, located near the city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an). Built in 200 BC at the request of Han Gaozu, under the supervision of his prime minister Xiao He, it served as the administrative centre and imperial residence of the Western Han Dynasty, as well as the Western Jin dynasty and several other regimes during the Northern and Southern Dynasties.
The palace survived until the Tang dynasty when it was burnt down by marauding invaders en route to Tang Chang'an. This was the largest palace ever built on Earth, covering 4.8 km² (1,200 acres), which is 6.7 times the size of the current Forbidden City, or 11 times the size of the Vatican City.
Today it is located in an open field and little remains of the former palace.
Name.
"Weiyang" (未央) means "(something) hasn't reached its midpoint", "has more than a half to go". Together with the name of Changle Palace(, "perpetual happiness"), which was built 2 year before, "The perpetual happiness hasn't reached its midpoint yet".
Description.
Weiyang palace was sited to the southwest of Han Dynasty Chang'an and is therefore also called the Western Palace (西宫). Surrounded by walls, the palace complex was rectangular, with a length of 2,150 metres east-west and 2,250 metres north-south. Each side of the walls had a single main gate, with the eastern and northern gates (facing Chang'an city) built with gate towers.
Major architectures within the palace include:

</doc>
<doc id="9924324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924324" title="Seabrook, Kent">
Seabrook, Kent

Seabrook is a small coastal village in Kent, England. The village lies in-between Sandgate and Hythe. The Royal Military Canal starts here. There is a Church of England Primary School and a local pub "The Fountain". The promenade leading from Seabrook to Hythe is very popular with walkers and joggers in the summer months. 

</doc>
<doc id="9924334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924334" title="Re!">
Re!

Re! is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus on December 24, 1994. It was recorded in London at Whitfield Street Recording Studios and released by Sony Music Greece. It is the most acoustic album Vissi has released up to date. It was repackaged in 1995 to include the song "Amin" and a remix of "Eimai Poli Kala". Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas and Evi Droutsa.
Release.
"Re!" was originally released on December 24, 1994 featuring ten songs. In early to mid 1995, the album was re-released to include the songs "Amin" and "Eleni" and a remix of "Eimai Poli Kala". In 1999, a Turkish artist Hülya Avşar covered the single "Eleni" with the Turkish lyrics as "Sevdim" (I loved), which met moderate success, while radio stations also picked up the original version by Anna Vissi. Sony Music Turkey then decided upon the release of "Re!" in Turkey. The album reached 2x Platinum in Turkey.
Singles.
The following songs were released as singles from the album and were accompanied by music videos.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9924348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924348" title="Prince Jazzbo">
Prince Jazzbo

Linval Roy Carter (3 September 1951 – 11 September 2013), better known as Prince Jazzbo, was a Jamaican reggae and dancehall deejay and producer.
Career.
Born in Clarendon Parish, Jamaica and raised in Kingston, Linval Roy Carter (who would become known professionally as Prince Jazzbo) began his career with sound systems such as The Whip in Spanish Town. He began recording with Coxsone Dodd's Studio One label in the early 1970s under the name Prince Jazzbo, and also recorded for Glen Brown and Lee "Scratch" Perry. He went on to work on his own releases with Bunny Lee, producing as well in collaboration with many artists as a vocalist and producer for labels including his own, Ujama. The Perry-produced album "Super Ape" featured Jazzbo toasting on "Croaking Lizard". Jazzbo and fellow toaster I-Roy had a well reported, but friendly and mutually beneficial on-record clash during 1975, including the cuts "Straight to Jazzbo's Head" from I-Roy and the retort, "Straight to I-Roy's Head" from Prince Jazzbo.
Prince Jazzbo's early work with Clement "Coxsone" Dodd at Studio One produced several hits in 1972-1974 including: "School", "Fool For Love" and "Imperial I". His first hit in 1972 with Coxsone though was a version of Horace Andy's "Skylarking", which he re-worked as "Crabwalking". He ran the Ujama record label for many years.
Death.
Carter died on 11 September 2013, aged 62, after a battle with lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9924353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924353" title="Taoism in Vietnam">
Taoism in Vietnam

Taoism in Vietnam () is believed to have been introduced into the country during the first Chinese domination of Vietnam. Under Lý Dynasty King Lý Nhân Tông (1072-1127), the examination for the recruitment of officials consisted of essays on the "three doctrines" (Confucianism, Buddhism, and Taoism).
Taoism in its pure form is no longer practiced in Vietnam, but elements of it have been absorbed into the Vietnamese folk religion. Taoism has also influenced the Caodaist and Dao Mau religions in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="9924355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924355" title="Peggle">
Peggle

Peggle is a casual puzzle video game developed by Sukhbir Sidhu and Brian Rothstein of PopCap Games. Initially released for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X systems in 2007, it has since had versions released for Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, the Nintendo DS (with the help of Q Entertainment), Windows Mobile, iOS, Zeebo and Android; the game has also been ported as a Java application, and an extended minigame incorporated into the massively multiplayer online game "World of Warcraft". A sequel was released in September 2008, titled "Peggle Nights".
Inspired by pachinko and bagatelle, each level of "Peggle" challenges the player to shoot a limited supply of balls at a field of colored pegs to clear out specifically marked pegs while attempting to achieve a high score through skilled shot planning. Special powers associated with a number of cartoon "Peggle Masters" can be activated to aid the player in this task. "Peggle" initially sold slowly but was boosted by the inclusion of a specially designed demonstration in Valve's "The Orange Box", and has since enjoyed over 50 million downloads from the Internet. Both its release on Xbox Live Arcade and the iPhone OS have enjoyed similar success. PopCap, now a subsidiary of Electronic Arts, have announced a "Peggle 2" at the E3 2013 convention.
Gameplay.
Within the game's main "Adventure" mode, "Peggle" is divided into fifty-five levels. Each level features an arrangement of approximately one hundred blue "pegs", positioned to correspond with the level's background picture, inside of three walls on the top and sides (leaving the bottom opened), along with other fixed and moving features. The goal of each level is to clear the board of the twenty-five random pegs that are turned orange at the start of the level, by using a ball launcher located at the top center of the screen to strike one or more of the pegs. Pegs light up when hit, and once the ball either falls through the bottom of the screen or is caught by the ball catcher that moves back and forth along the bottom in a fixed manner, the pegs will be removed. Struck pegs are also removed if the ball is stuck on them. The player begins each level with ten balls (twelve on the non-Touch iPod version) to clear the orange pegs, but may earn more by landing the ball in the ball catcher, or by earning high scores on single shots. Failure to clear the board with the allotted number of balls will require the player to restart the level, while completing this objective will allow the player to progress forward to the next board.
Every five levels in the Adventure mode correspond to playing with one of ten "Peggle Masters", cartoon characters that help the player. Each of the Peggle Masters has a unique special ability that is activated when the player strikes one of the two randomly selected green pegs on the board. Some abilities activate immediately; one ability causes a second ball to be generated from the green peg when struck. Other abilities will have effects that activate on the next shot or for several more shots; one ability shows the ball's path including rebounds, while another will extend the length of the ball catcher. In the final five levels of the Adventure mode, called "Master" levels, the player can select which of the Peggle Masters they want to use.
In addition to clearing the board, the player is challenged to get high scores with each shot. Points come from two main sources: striking pegs, and style points. Each struck peg earns points, with further bonuses gained by hitting numerous pegs on a single shot, and by clearing orange pegs, which builds up a scoring multiplier up to 10x when all but a few orange pegs remain. Additionally, for each shot, one random blue peg will be marked purple and revert to blue after the shot if it is not struck; striking this peg will further boost the player's score. Style points are awarded for making difficult shots such as striking two orange pegs consecutively that are a distance apart, or by getting lucky bounces off the ball catcher. When the player clears the board of orange pegs, as announced by the song "Ode To Joy" and the message "Extreme Fever", the bottom of the level is replaced with five bins of different point values that the ball will fall into. The player is awarded this score in addition to any unused balls remaining to get their final score for the level. If all the pegs on a level are cleared, a bonus is awarded and all the bins turn to the maximum value and the message "Ultra Extreme Fever" is displayed.
In addition to the Adventure mode, the game features a series of challenges that require the player to complete boards under stricter requirements, such as having to clear more orange pegs or remove every peg from the board. A "Duel" mode allows the player to compete against another person or a computer AI on the same board in attempting to reach the highest score. The Xbox Live and PlayStation Network versions add a "Peg Party" mode, in which up to four players compete on their own boards using a limited number of balls, each attempting to get the highest score. In each of these modes, the game generally offers the ability for players to select which Peggle Master they wish to use.
Development.
"Peggle" was originally envisioned by PopCap's studio director, Sukhbir Sidhu, who was inspired by pachinko machines. However, he recognized that pachinko was mostly luck-based, and would not translate well into a video game. After seeing a 2D game engine created by PopCap programmer Brian Rothstein, Sidhu was able to realize his game, and worked with Rothstein for the first five months of its development before bringing in additional programmers. Initial designs focused on bringing together elements of pachinko with "Breakout". The team initially incorporated a "rapid-fire" mechanic used in pachinko, along with numerous moving targets, but they found this made the levels either too fast-paced or too demanding of the player. They found over time that a static field of pegs provided a more enjoyable experience for the player; the path of the ball would be more predictable, leading to the gameplay mechanic of requiring only a random subset of orange pegs to be cleared. Once the team had established the core mechanics of the game, they brought on character artist Walter Wilson, background artist Marcia Broderick and an additional coder, Eric Tams, to help complete "Peggle" within its two-year development period. Even with their game established, Sidhu and Rothstein faced internal challenges at PopCap to increase the level of interactivity with the game, but the two defended their vision of the game.
Though the game was technically completed within a year, PopCap opted to spend more time to polish it, improving the visuals and background images. The team spent time refining the various sound effects used in the game, in order to provide an appropriate atmosphere. In some cases, they found the desired sound quickly; the sound of the ball hitting a peg was borrowed from another game in development at PopCap, but was considered perfect for "Peggle". Other cases required iteration; the sound of the ball shooter was originally closer to that of a cannon, while a "plunk" sound effect was used when the ball catcher caught a ball. These were changed to more airy sounds (an air cannon and a brief angelic chorus) in order to make the elements sound as if part of the game's music. The team found it helped to create a defining moment at the end of each level when the player is moments from clearing the final peg. This initially was programmed as a simple message stating "Extreme Fever" and the music of "Ode to Joy" as a placeholder. Sidhu wanted to recreate the "wild sounds and visuals" that were present on winning pachinko games. However, the team found that the players reacted well to the simpler placeholder elements, and the team focused on improving the presentation of these, including adding a zoom on the current ball as it neared the last orange peg to be cleared.
Versions and sequels.
"Peggle Extreme" was packaged with the Windows version of "The Orange Box", featuring levels inspired by "Half-Life 2", "Team Fortress 2", and "Portal". It includes ten levels with one Peggle Master, and five Challenges. "Peggle Extreme" was eventually made free to download for anyone with a Steam account. The game was developed in conjunction with Valve Corporation after PopCap's Tams learned that "Peggle" was played often at Valve's offices and that the company had helped to promote the game on Steam. PopCap proposed a version that would pay tribute to Valve's games, which Valve readily warmed up to, helping PopCap with its development, including providing graphical assets and artwork.
"Peggle" has been ported to Xbox Live Arcade, the PlayStation Network, the iPod, and iOS. The Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network versions includes the "Peg Party" mode in which up to four players can compete simultaneously. Both the Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network and iOS versions include the "Duel" mode, with the iOS version having the players share the iPhone between turns. "Peggle" has also been ported as a minigame inside "World of Warcraft", featuring levels based on the game, though including a limited set of Peggle Masters to use. "Warcraft" players can also use "Peggle" to decide how to distribute loot from successful raids or dungeons. Subsequently, in July 2009, a free standalone, ten-level edition of "Peggle" themed around "Warcraft" in a similar manner as "Peggle Extreme" was released.
PopCap released a sequel to the original game, "Peggle Nights", in September 2008 for Windows. The sequel expands upon "Peggle" by adding one new Peggle Master in addition to new levels and challenges. The Xbox Live and PlayStation Network versions of "Peggle" received "Nights" as a downloadable expansion to the game on November 19, 2009. "Peggle Nights" was made available as an in-app purchase for iOS devices. "Peggle: Dual Shot" is a Nintendo DS port of the game, developed by Q Entertainment; the game includes content from both "Peggle" and "Peggle Nights". This version of the game awards the player a star each time a purple bonus peg is hit, activating a new bonus minigame upon collecting five stars. The minigame requires that the player continually bounce a ball with pinball-like bumpers to collect diamonds and extra balls.
Reception.
"Peggle" was well received by critics. Alec Meer of Eurogamer found the game to be a "constant series of rewards" in gameplay, graphics, and audio that would continue to satisfy the player. Gus Mastrapa of The A.V. Club considered the game "comfort food for the omnivorous gamer", with its ability to draw even hardcore gamers into its fantasy visuals. IGN's Erik Brudvig cited "Peggle" as being "simple enough for anybody to pick up and instantly start having fun". The Xbox Live version was seen as truthful to the PC version, and while the Peggle Party mode was considered an interesting addition, Dan Whitehead of Eurogamer felt it was a "curiously remote approach" that did not fully integrate a multiplayer experience into the game, a point also stated by Mastrapa who lamented the lack of online leaderboards.
The game did not initially perform well in sales when released for Windows, but according to Sidhu, sales of the game took off following the release of "Peggle Extreme" as part of "The Orange Box"; Sidhu stated that the special version of the game helped to bring in video game players that would "never be caught dead playing a game with unicorns and rainbows". "Peggle" (both trial and full versions) has been downloaded more than 50 million times from the Internet as of early 2009, though PopCap has not released how many of these downloads were for full sales of the game.
Upon its release on Xbox Live Arcade, "Peggle" was the top-selling game on the service for two weeks, and remained in the top ten applications for several weeks afterward. Within a month, over 100,000 players were listed on the Xbox leaderboards for "Peggle", though this number also includes players who purchased the game through the "PopCap Arcade Volume 2" retail package, which contained the game as well. IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it eighth on his top ten list of Xbox Live Arcade games. He stated that while its theme could easily turn players off, they should not let it, as it is "It's infectious, and most importantly, fun" according to him. In a list compiled by the IGN staff in September 2010, "Peggle" was listed as the 10th best Xbox Live Arcade of all time.
The release of "Peggle" on iOS was extremely popular, placing in the top ten applications purchased through the App Store for the first two weeks it was available. During a weekend in June 2009, the title was put on sale for $1 (normally $5); the sale caused the game to become the most purchased application in the App Store. A PopCap representative stated that they made as many sales during this four-day period as they had in the three weeks prior, after the game's launch on the Store.
"Peggle" is considered to be an addictive game. The game is stated to have a simple premise that follows the KISS principle, but requires some amount of repeating playing to master, similar in fashion to early arcade games, leading to its addictive qualities. "Peggle" is also claimed to entice the user to play "just a few more minutes". The accessibility of the game across multiple platforms is also considered to contribute to its addictiveness. MSNBC named "Peggle" one of the "Top 5 most addictive computer games of all time." Despite its addictive nature, the game, like many of PopCap's casual games, is also considered a stress reliever. A study underwritten by PopCap at East Carolina University found that across 132 subjects, "Peggle" was found to increase their mood by 573% across all subjects, with a 45% reduction in depression. "Peggle" along with other PopCap games were also found to help children with ADHD improve their attention span and memory recall, in a survey done by Information Solutions Group on behalf of PopCap.
"Peggle" was nominated for the 2007 Game Developers Choice Awards for "Best Downloadable Game", "Best Handheld Game" (for the iPod port), and "Innovation" awards. The game was also nominated as the "Best Downloadable Game" for the 2007 Interactive Achievement Awards by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences. "Peggle" appeared as #40 on the 2007 PC Gamer Magazine (UK) list of their 100 favorite computer games of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="9924356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924356" title="Murder of Romona Moore">
Murder of Romona Moore

Romona Moore was a 21-year-old Hunter College student who had left her home on April 24, 2003 and was later kidnapped, held prisoner, tortured, raped and murdered. She had lived with her parents, and with relatives from Guyana, in the East Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York City. Initial police reports about the murder incorrectly spelled Moore's first name as "Ramona".
Disappearance and murder.
Moore had left her home on April 24 at approximately 7:30 p.m. to see a friend and later left around 9:00 p.m. to eat at a Burger King restaurant at Church and Remsen avenues. There had been no further mention of Moore since then until her body was found, a few blocks from her home. Her mother, Ellie Carmichael, had received an anonymous phone call, informing her to go to a certain address on King's Highway where a home had experienced a fire. The caller has not been identified. The mother then contacted police and officers from the 67th Precinct and Emergency Service Units searched the premises until Moore's body was discovered, wrapped in a blanket. It was determined that Moore had been beaten to death about her head and chest.
Trial and details.
The details of Moore's captivity, treatment and murder were detailed in the court trial:
"Prosecutor Anna-Sigga Nicolazzi said two thugs terrorized Romona Moore for days in a Brooklyn basement in April 2003 - repeatedly raping her and attacking her with a knife, a saw, a hammer and a barbell. Defendants Troy Hendrix, 22, and Kayson Pearson, 23, are also charged with kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl days after they allegedly killed Moore. "Romona Moore's injuries are indescribable,' said Nicolazzi. "The horror she endured, the torture she endured will become clear."
The witnesses and the accused in court.
Romando Jack, a friend of Hendrix and Pearson, witnessed Moore's captivity but did nothing to report her captivity to police, leaving instead to go to a baby shower. Jack also told his fiancée and fiancée's uncle about Moore's torture and captivity. Another witness, this one being female, provided testimony in court that changed three times and led to her own stories of abuse and beatings.
Attack in the courtroom.
Soon later, Pearson attacked one of the bailiffs. He also tried to get the bailiff's pistol. Pearson became violent in the courtroom on November 24, trying to escape. He attacked his lawyer, appointed by the court, with "sharpened plastic" according to one report.
Mistrial and conviction.
A mistrial was later declared due to the courtroom attack.
New charges were brought against them and a conviction. Hendrix and Pearson, who were reputedly members of the Bloods gang, were later found guilty in court. To quote one article on their attitude in court:
Impact of the murder.
The ABC television series "NYPD 24/7" discussed the issue of television crews getting unchecked documents, mentioning the Romona Moore case. Moore's case later garnered further media attention by the abduction, rape, torture and murder of John Jay College of Criminal Justice student Imette St. Guillen. However, Moore's case did not receive the attention that her family felt it deserved.
As of April 2008, Moore's mother, Elle Carmichael, has a federal lawsuit to sue the NYPD and has had her case cleared by Brooklyn Federal Judge Nina Gershon. Carmichael is claiming that NYPD "used a double standard" of not searching for Moore while "aggressively pursuing the disappearance of white women". The police at the 67th Precinct had rejected Carmichael's request to find her daughter by saying that "she was probably off with a boyfriend". Carmichael contrasted the abduction of her daughter with the case of St. Guillen. City lawyer Robyn Pullio indicated that she was looking forward to a hearing in this case.

</doc>
<doc id="9924382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924382" title="Lapsi (Christianity)">
Lapsi (Christianity)

Lapsi was the name given to apostates in the early Christian Church, when Christians were persecuted by the Roman authorities to renounce their faith. It also means those who have lapsed or fallen away from their faith and decide later in life to come back to it.
Classifications.
Lapsi were classified into several groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9924391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924391" title="Pashford pot beetle">
Pashford pot beetle

The Pashford pot beetle, Cryptocephalus exiguus, is a small beetle endemic to the east of England.
The smallest "Cryptocephalus" species found in Britain, it is primarily black, with yellow legs and yellow bases to the antennae. The male also has a yellow head with a central black line.
During the nineteenth century, the beetle was found in the Norfolk Broads and Lincolnshire Fens, but since 1910 it has been seen only at Pashford Poors Fen in Suffolk. It was last seen in 1986 and may well now be extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="9924413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924413" title="Why War?">
Why War?

Why War? may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9924434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924434" title="Cal Slayton">
Cal Slayton

Cal Slayton is an American comic book artist, sketch card artist, and designer.
Biography.
Slayton grew up in Forrest City, Arkansas and now lives in Texas with his wife. His most prominent work was on the indie comic book "Shades of Blue" published first by AMP Comics and then by Digital Webbing. His work has also been seen in books such as "(Super) Hero Happy Hour", "Dead@17 Rough Cut", "Digital Webbing Presents" and "Champion of Children". He has also done sketch card work from many companies such as Topps, Upper Deck and Rittenhouse.
Career.
After graduating college with a degree in Graphic Design and Illustration in 1992, Cal Slayton began working in the design as well as doing freelance design and illustration. His comic book debut was in 2000 with issue #3 of AMP Comic’s "Shades of Blue". Writer/Creator James S. Harris asked him to take over the art duties after the departure of the original artist. 
Shortly after, Cal wrote and illustrated the first story ever published by Digital Webbing in the anthology "Digital Webbing Presents". The short was titled “Lost Child”, which followed a man search for a missing girl. He later published it in a mini-comic format through the creator-owned Hired Gun Comics 
Cal worked on the remaining AMP run of "Shades of Blue", which ended with issue #10. He also drew all five issue of the book when Digital Webbing took over as publisher, as well as designing the new "Shades of Blue" logo.
In October 2002, Cal self-published the mini comic "Spookytown" under the creator-owned Hired Gun Comics.
In 2003, Cal illustrated the Gail Simone-written back-up story "Part Time" for Geek Punk's "Super Hero Happy Hour" #4. Later that same year, he contributed artwork to the short "No Love" for Ghostwerks Comics' "Champion of Children" #2.
In 2004 he drew "Two Shots, Two Slugs" for Geek Punk's "Hero Happy Hour Super Special".
In 2005, he contributed art to "Dead@17 Rough Cut 2" published by Viper Comics.
He designed the logo for the comic "Hero Camp" published by Image Comics.
Cal makes short films with his friends under the name "Dog Food Productions". They advanced it to the finals of Video Association of Dallas' 2006 24-Hour Video Race with their entry "The Alibi", in 2007 they placed 3rd in the finals with their short "The Infraction" and in 2008 they won 2nd place with "Community Service".
He is a frequent guest at the Dallas Comic Con.

</doc>
<doc id="9924435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924435" title="Nish Selvadurai">
Nish Selvadurai

Nishan (Nish) Selvadurai (born 10 September 1978) is an Australian comedian of Sri Lankan descent, living in Brisbane.
Career.
Only after two years in stand up Nish won the Queensland State Final of the FHM Cougar Rum Search for Australia's Funniest Man competition.
In 2006 he had his television debut on Network 10 and the Comedy Channel for the FHM Cougar Rum Search for Australia's Funniest Man competition.
This year he's one quarter of Il Dago. Il Dago began at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival in April. The tour contains Joe Avati, Simon Palomares & George Kapiniaris.
He was also the warm up act for Simon Palomares & George Kapiniaris Adelaide Fringe Festival Gig "Trevor"
Nish has regularly appeared on the Australian television improvised comedy series "Thank God You're Here".

</doc>
<doc id="9924441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924441" title="Adrian Awasom">
Adrian Awasom

Adrian Awasom (born October 25, 1983) is an American football defensive end who currently is a member of the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. Previously he has been a member of the Toronto Argonauts of the CFL and the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at North Texas.
Early years.
Awasom was born in Cameroon and moved with his family to the United States when he was four, growing up in Fort Bend, Texas. Awasom attended Stafford High School where he was a three-sport start in football, basketball, and track. A two time All-District member and caught 22 passes for 350 yards at tight end as a senior. As a member of the basketball team, Awasom was a two-time All-State member averaging 16.7 ppg and 16.7 rpg as a senior and also earning All-Area honors. In track he was a two-time All-State performer with a personal best of 189'74".
College career.
Adrian Awasom was a member of some of the most memorable times in North Texas Football history. Named a member of the All-Sun Belt Conference Team three straight years to finish his career, Awasom assembled some monster numbers during that stretch from his spot on the defensive line. The 2004 season saw Adrian register 53 total tackles, 14 of which were for a loss of yards, which ranks fifth in school history. His most impressive game that season came in a win over Utah State when Awasom had 4.5 TFL, the second most tackles for loss in a game in program history. His 32 TFL's rank 3rd on the school all-time list and his 20 career sacks sits second. Awasom finished his career with 147 total tackles, four Sun Belt Conference Championships and three All-SBC selections.
As a junior in 2003, Awasom totaled 44 tackles, including seven tackles for losses and four sacks, in 12 games and recorded a career-best eight sacks as a sophomore in 2002. Named a three-time all-Sun Belt Conference honoree, including a 1st-team selection as a junior and senior.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
Awasom was signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Giants in 2005, playing primarily on the special teams unit. In 2006, he played ten games as a defensive end, and recorded two quarterback sacks. Awasom won Super Bowl XLII to conclude the 2007 NFL season He was released before the start of the 2008 season after suffering a season ending neck injury.
Las Vegas Locomotives.
Awasom was drafted first by the Las Vegas Locomotives on June 18, 2009. According to National Football Post, after two season with the UFL Awasom is drawing interest from a few NFL teams after recording 20 tackles and three sacks during a championship season with the Las Vegas Locomotives.
Minnesota Vikings.
After spending two years in the UFL, Awasom was signed by the Minnesota Vikings in January 22, 2011. During his time with the Vikings Adrian racked up 3.5 sacks in the pre-season, tied for first in the NFL among all active defensive ends during that time. After a productive season Awasom was released on September 21, 2011.
Orlando Predators.
In late 2011, Awasom signed with the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League. In 2012, he was placed on the Predators' injured list after injuring his shoulder in the pre-season, which caused him to miss the rest of the season.
Las Vegas Locomotives.
Awasom re-signed with the Locomotives for the 2012 UFL season. 
Toronto Argonauts.
On December 14, 2012, Awasom signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. 
BC Lions.
On April 2 2013 the Argonauts traded him to the BC Lions for defensive lineman Khalif Mitchell. 

</doc>
<doc id="9924444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924444" title="Towards Thee Infinite Beat">
Towards Thee Infinite Beat

Towards Thee Infinite Beat is an album by Psychic TV. It was followed by the remix album "Beyond Thee Infinite Beat".
Album liner notes.
In actuality, most of the basic tracks were recorded at Time Square Studio in Chiswich, London sporadically throughout late 1988-1989 with engineer Richard Schiessl. Final overdubs and mixing was done at the Beat Farm, London in January 1990 with engineer Andy Falconer.
Track listing.
12" vinyl version.
Side A
Side B
All songs written by Fred Giannelli & Genesis P-Orridge except "Black Rainbow" written by Fred Giannelli & Paula P-Orridge and "Money for E..." written solely by Fred Giannelli.

</doc>
<doc id="9924473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924473" title="Schattenburg">
Schattenburg

Schattenburg is a castle, museum and restaurant in Feldkirch, Vorarlberg.

</doc>
<doc id="9924477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924477" title="Compaq SystemPro">
Compaq SystemPro

The SystemPro from Compaq was arguably the first true PC based server. It supported Intel's 486 chip, a 32-bit bus, RAID disk and dual-processor support well before its main rivals.
Innovative features.
The SystemPro, along with the simultaneously released Compaq Deskpro 486, was one of the first two commercially available computer systems containing the new EISA bus. The SystemPro was also one of the first PC-style systems specifically designed as a network server, and as such was built from the ground up to take full advantage of the EISA bus. It included such features as multiprocessing (the original systems were asymmetric-only), hardware RAID, and bus-mastering network cards. All models of SystemPro used a full-height tower configuration, with eight internal hard drive bays.
Multiprocessing.
At its initial release in November 1989, the SystemPro supported up to two 33 MHz 386 processors, but early in 1990 33 MHz 486 processors became an option (the processors were housed on proprietary daughterboards). Because the system was asymmetric, 386 and 486 processors could be mixed. Single processor configurations were also available.
The only operating system which fully supported the SystemPro's asymmetric multiprocessing was a custom version of SCO Unix, sold by Compaq. However, when running OS/2, certain applications (notably Sybase SQL Server) could be offloaded to the second processor, and later, Novell NetWare SFT-III was able to offload its I/O engine. It is worth noting that the original versions of Windows NT (3.1) included a hardware abstraction layer specifically for the SystemPro; despite NT's symmetric multiprocessing design, this HAL could offload some kernel tasks to the second CPU. This made Windows NT 3.1 the only version of Windows to support multiprocessor 386-based machines.
System/Memory Architecture.
The system used a state-of-the-art shared memory bus design, called Tri-Flex Architecture, to facilitate its multiprocessing capabilities. The original SystemPro shipped with 4MB 80ns DRAM, expandable up to 256MB using proprietary memory modules.
RAID.
The SystemPro also offered one of the first implementations of RAID (including RAID 5) available on a PC-based system. The original RAID card, called the IDA (Intelligent Drive Array) used a proprietary form of IDE, supporting up to 4 drives internally. At its release, the largest drive available was 210 MB. Two IDA cards could be installed, allowing all 8 hard drive bays to be filled (each IDA controller array would appear as a separate logical drive to the operating system, however), providing a grand total of 1.2 GB using RAID 5, or 1.6 GB using non-redundant striping (RAID 0). Another option called the IDA Expansion Array provided support for up to 7 drives in a single array (housed in an external tower chassis looking virtually identical to the SystemPro itself), using an early (and very proprietary) form of differential SCSI. Note that all hard drives in the SystemPro or the Expansion Array were internally mounted drives; hot swapping was not an option.
Market.
The SystemPro was marketed for very high-end IT departments — generally those who had scaled up to the top end of LAN hardware, or those who were scaling down from minicomputers — and its pricing was set accordingly. At the time of launch, the "low-end" SystemPro (a single 33-MHz 386 CPU, 4 MB RAM, and two 120-MB hard drives) listed for $15,999 (USD); the same machine with 840 MB of storage (four 210-MB hard drives) listed for $25,999 (USD). A second 386 processor card cost $3,500 (USD), and an additional 32 MB of RAM was $21,999 (USD).
Legacy.
The SystemPro line continued for several years, ending with the SystemPro XL (the only model that supported symmetric multiprocessing). It was replaced by the Compaq Proliant line, which introduced hot swappable drives and the rack mount chassis now popular in data centers. However, the SystemPro is notable for having established the PC-based server market, and setting a high-water mark for the servers that followed.

</doc>
<doc id="9924512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924512" title="O! Kypros">
O! Kypros

O! Kypros is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in 1995. The music featured is traditional Cypriot songs and is a dedication to her parents. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the album went to help impoverished children in Cyprus. It is the first Anna Vissi's release since 1982's "Eimai To Simera Kai Eisai To Chthes" not to feature Nikos Karvelas either on the composition and lyrics or on the production management.
Music.
All tracks are traditional songs of Cyprus, except for "Eikosi Hronia" written by Antros Papapavlou & Andreas Parashos.

</doc>
<doc id="9924521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924521" title="Australian Sport Awards">
Australian Sport Awards

The Australian Sport Awards are the annual awards for Australian sports people administered by the Confederation of Australian Sport. 
The awards commenced in 1980 with the male and female athlete of the year, young male and female athlete of the year, young Australian team of the year, coach of the year and sports executive of the year. In 2006 there were 22 awards for individuals, teams, masters and disabled athletes, sporting organizations and media. The highest award is the Dawn Fraser award, first given in 2000. The award is presented by Fraser to an Australian who has achieved international success in sport and who has made a significant contribution to the Australian community.
The list of Awards includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9924534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924534" title="ReachMD">
ReachMD

ReachMD is a multi-outlet healthcare programming source developed for medical professionals across multiple disciplines and specialties. ReachMD's Internet Radio channel broadcasts content on ReachMD (streaming website and mobile apps), iHeartRadio (streaming website, mobile app, and auto dashboards), and through podcasts on iTunes. 
ReachMD launched on 26 March 2007 and was originally broadcast on XM Satellite radio, brought to XM Satellite in cooperation with Premiere Networks. On December 21, 2011, ReachMD was acquired by US HealthConnect Inc. with the intent to become an Internet Radio broadcaster. Effective October 18, 2013, ReachMD joined Clear Channel's iHeartRadio platform and became exclusively an Internet Radio broadcaster offering its content on air, online, and on mobile devices through Internet platforms. 
Format.
ReachMD has a series of pre-recorded programs that range from 15 minutes to 45 minutes in length. The ReachMD content wheel is a 12-hour wheel: programs air throughout a 12-hour period and then repeat over the next 12-hour period. Programs fall into three general categories of healthcare education and/or information: (1) Continuing Medical Education (CME) programs, (2) Editorial Series pograms, and (3) Medical Industry Feature programs. The channel's original content is produced in the ReachMD headquarters in Fort Washington, PA, and is broadcast on ReachMD.com, ReachMD MedicalRadio App, ReachMD CME App, iHeartRadio.com, and iHeartRadio App. Podcast downloads also are available on ReachMD and iHeartRadio websites and mobile apps, as well as on iTunes.
Disclaimer.
ReachMD emphasizes that the channel is made exclusively for medical professionals and not consumers. The channel runs regular disclaimers between programs reiterating this and instructs any consumers listening to go elsewhere for their information (or, if they choose to listen to ReachMD, to not rely on ReachMD programming as medical advice or allow ReachMD programming to replace any relationship with a qualified medical professional). The channel also requires a user to enter their medical profession information when registering an account on its website.
Online Streaming and Podcasts.
ReachMD is an Internet Radio channel that streams online 24/7 on its website, www.reachmd.com, its mobile apps, and on the iHeartRadio website, [http://www.iheart.com/live/ReachMD-6303/] and mobile app. All programs aired on ReachMD are accessible as podcasts on ReachMD's website and mobile apps, and CME podcasts are accessible on iTunes. To participate in ReachMD podcasts on its website or mobile apps, one must register an account on the ReachMD website.

</doc>
<doc id="9924548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924548" title="Azmari">
Azmari

An azmari is an Ethiopian singer-musician, comparable to the European bard or the West African griot. "Azmari", who may be either male or female, are skilled at singing extemporized verses, accompanying themselves on either a "masenqo" (one-stringed fiddle) or "krar" (lyre). "Azmari" often perform in drinking establishments called "tejbeit", which specialize in the serving of "tej" (honey mead).

</doc>
<doc id="9924550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924550" title="Cohansey Township, New Jersey">
Cohansey Township, New Jersey

Cohansey Township was a township that existed in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States, during two separate periods, from 1697-1748 and from 1848-1865. The name was derived from the Cohansey River, which flows through the area.
The first Cohansey Township was mentioned dating back to May 12, 1697, while the area was still part of Salem County. This first incarnation was dissolved upon the formation of Cumberland County on January 19, 1748.
The second Cohansey Township was incorporated by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 6, 1848, from portions of Hopewell Township. Bridgeton city was incorporated on March 1, 1865, replacing both Bridgeton Township and Cohansey Township, both of which were then dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9924556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924556" title="Love Is a Rose">
Love Is a Rose

"Love Is a Rose" is a song written by Neil Young in 1974 for the unreleased album "Homegrown". It was later released in 1977 on the compilation "Decade". 
The melody for "Love Is a Rose" was taken from yet another unreleased song "Dance Dance Dance," which finally saw release on "Live at Massey Hall 1971" in 2007. Young's longtime backing band Crazy Horse had recorded "Dance Dance Dance" in 1971 on their album "Crazy Horse" and The New Seekers released it as a single in 1972.
Linda Ronstadt version.
Linda Ronstadt recorded "Love Is a Rose" in a country music arrangement on her platinum-certified 1975 album "Prisoner in Disguise". Her rendition peaked at #5 the US "Billboard" Country Singles chart. "Love Is a Rose" also debuted on the pop-oriented "Billboard" Hot 100 but its B-side: "Heat Wave", became the track of choice for Pop radio stations, becoming a #5 hit.

</doc>
<doc id="9924569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924569" title="Samuel Gee">
Samuel Gee

Samuel Jones Gee (13 September 1839 – 3 August 1911) was an English physician and paediatrician. In 1888, Gee published the first complete modern description of the clinical picture of coeliac disease, and theorised on the importance of diet in its control. His contribution led to the eponym Gee's disease. Gee is also credited with the first English-language description of cyclic vomiting syndrome.
Life.
Samuel Gee was born in London, where he spent his medical career. His father, William Gee, was a businessman but the family was not wealthy. He had two years of formal primary education, supplemented by home schooling. His secondary education was at the University College School, London. He went on to study medicine at the University College Hospital, gaining an MB in 1861 followed by an MD in 1865.
Gee initially worked as a house surgeon at the University College Hospital. He moved to the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street in 1865. His career progressed through house surgeon, assistant physician (1866), physician (1875) and finally consulting physician (1904). He worked at both Great Ormond Street Hospital, at St Bartholomew's Hospital and in private practice. At St Bartholomew's medical school, he was a demonstrator of morbid anatomy, lecturer on pathological anatomy and lecturer on medicine. He delivered the 1871 Goulstonian, the 1892 Bradshaw and the 1899 Lumleian Lectures.
Gee was married to Sarah Cooper in 1875 with whom he had two daughters. He died suddenly, of a coronary occlusion, while on holiday in Keswick, Cumbria.
Coeliac disease.
Samuel Gee gave the first modern-day description of coeliac disease in a lecture at the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street in 1887. His interest in the history of medicine, and ability to read ancient Greek, meant Gee was familiar with the work of Aretaeus of Cappadocia who first wrote of "The Cœliac Affection". Gee's account is published in the St. Bartholomew's Hospital Reports of 1888 and begins:
There is a kind of chronic indigestion which is met with in persons of all ages, yet is especially apt to affect children between one a five years old. Signs of the disease are yielded by the fæces; being loose, not formed, but not watery; more bulky than the food taken would seem to account for; pale in colour, as if devoid of bile; yeasty, frothy, an appearance probably due to fermentation; stinking, stench often very great, the food having undergone putrefaction rather than concoction.
Gee acknowledges earlier findings and terms for the disease and adopts the same term as Aretaeus. Unlike Aretaeus, he includes children in the scope of the affection, particularly those between one and five years old. He notes that most adults with the cœliac affection have been abroad. Gee finds the cause to be obscure and fails to spot anything abnormal during post-mortem examination. He perceptively states "if the patient can be cured at all, it must be by means of diet." Gee recognises that milk intolerance is a problem with coeliac children and that highly starched foods should be avoided. He forbids rice, sago, fruit and vegetables. Raw meat is recommended as are thin slices of toasted bread. Gee highlights particular success with a child "who was fed upon a quart of the best Dutch mussels daily". However, the child cannot bear this diet for more than one season.
The cause of coeliac disease was eventually discovered to be an autoimmune reaction to gliadin, a gluten protein found in wheat, plus Secalin in rye and Hordien in barley.
The lining of the small bowel is flattened, which interferes with the absorption of nutrients. Gee would not have been able to discover this on post-mortem since this lining quickly deteriorates on death. The only effective treatment is a lifelong gluten-free diet. The rice, sago, fruit and vegetables that were forbidden by Gee would all have been quite safe to eat; the toasted bread he recommended, however, would not. The disease he describes in adults, affecting those returning from India and other foreign parts, is likely to have been tropical sprue. For many years this was inadequately distinguished from coeliac disease, which was also known as non-tropical sprue.

</doc>
<doc id="9924575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924575" title="Justine Johnstone">
Justine Johnstone

"(Not to be confused with silent actress Julanne Johnston)"
Justine Johnstone (January 31, 1895 – September 4, 1982) was an American stage and silent screen actress. She was later a pathologist and expert on syphilis. Working under her married name, Justine Wanger, she was part of the team that developed the modern intravenous drip technique.
Acting career.
She attended Emma Willard School in Troy, New York. An original performer in the Ziegfeld Follies and a performer in the Folies-Bergere, she appeared in the 1917 Broadway production "Over the Top", which starred Fred Astaire.
Medical career.
Johnstone married producer Walter Wanger on 13 September 1919; they divorced in 1938. She retained her married name. Walter Wanger later married the much younger actress Joan Bennett.
After giving up performing, Wanger enrolled in Columbia University, where she studied plant research and served as a research assistant to Samuel Hirshberg and Harold T. Hyman. The team developed the modern I.V. unit; their key breakthrough was to slow down the rate of delivery and avoid what was then known as "speed shock" by introducing the now-ubiquitous drip technique. She later studied and made developments in endocrinology and cancer research and installed a laboratory in her house in Hollywood.
Death.
Justine Wanger died in Santa Monica, California from congestive heart failure, aged 87. Her remains are at Chapel of the Pines Crematory.

</doc>
<doc id="9924578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924578" title="Chris Martin (American football)">
Chris Martin (American football)

Christopher Martin (born December 19, 1960 in Huntsville, Alabama) is a retired American football linebacker. He played in the National Football League for the New Orleans Saints, the Minnesota Vikings, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the Los Angeles Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="9924588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924588" title="Blairmore SDA, Saskatoon">
Blairmore SDA, Saskatoon

Blairmore Suburban Development Area (SDA) is an area in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan (Canada). It is a part of the west side community of Saskatoon. It lies (generally) north of the outskirts of the City and the Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344, west of downtown Saskatoon, and the Core Neighbourhoods SDA, south of the North West Industrial SDA, and west of the Confederation SDA. Most of the Blairmore SDA consists of undeveloped land annexed by the city in the mid-2000s. A total of nine neighbourhoods, primarily residential in nature, are ultimately planned for the SDA. As of 2013, two are in the process of development: the commercial/residential Blairmore Suburban Centre and the residential community Kensington. 
Education.
The Blairmore Centre consists of a separate Bethlehem High School and public Tommy Douglas Collegiate as well as civic centre called The Shaw Centre.
Blairmore SDA is home to the following schools:
In addition, the SDA contains the Yarrow Youth Farm, a provincial correctional facility for at-risk youth, which was annexed by the City.
Transportation.
22nd Street (Highway 14) is a major thoroughfare through Saskatoon Highway 14 connects with Asquith, Biggar Wilkie, Unity, and Macklin en route to Alberta. The area is also accessed by Highway 7, which links Saskatoon to Calgary, Alberta and the west coast, and Secondary Highway 684, also known as Dalmeny Road but officially renamed Neault Road in 2012, which was annexed by the city and provides a connection to Yellowhead Highway 16 and the town of Dalmeny.
Highway 7 has been realigned to connect with Highway 14/22nd Street/Highway 684 at an at-grade intersection that will be eventually replaced by an interchange. For several years Highway 7 entered the area via Betts Avenue within the Blairmore Suburban Centre region, but this link has now been removed; the road's original alignment where it joined 22nd Street prior to the mid-2000s has been replaced with residential development and the area's recreation centre and high schools. 
The only other main road currently servicing the SDA is the western leg of 33rd Street West, which according to the City's October 2008 Projected Growth Map is slated to eventually be replaced by an extension of the Claypool Drive thoroughfare; originally an east-west roadway, beginning in 2012 the road was realigned to allow for development of Kensington. The western boundary of the SDA is marked by a transportation/utility corridor adjacent to the current western city boundary, set aside for future construction of a perimeter highway.
City Transit.
The Blairmore Suburban Centre is served by Route 23 on weekday peak hours and during the day. Service will presumably be expanded as the SDA is developed.

</doc>
<doc id="9924602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924602" title="Klima Tropiko">
Klima Tropiko

Klima Tropiko (Greek: "Κλίμα Τροπικό"; ) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in February 1996. It reached 3x Platinum.
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas, Apostolos Diavolikis, and Natalia Germanou.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9924607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924607" title="Selmer Mark VI">
Selmer Mark VI

The Selmer Mark VI is a professional model saxophone that is generally considered Henri Selmer's finest saxophone. Although tastes in saxophones differ (e.g. some players like bright tone-colors whilst others prefer dark-sounding instruments) the Mk VI design is universally regarded as one of the best saxophone models ever produced by any manufacturer. Not surprisingly, it is preferred by many jazz musicians. These have included Phil Woods, Bob Mintzer, Wayne Shorter, Stanley Turrentine, Michael Brecker, Chris Potter, Bob Berg, Sonny Rollins, Dexter Gordon, Stan Getz, Branford Marsalis, Dick Oatts, Eric Marienthal, Peter King, John Coltrane, David Sanborn, Lee Konitz and numerous others.
As the successor to the 'Super Action' (later called the 'Super Balanced Action' so as not be confused with the 'Super Action 80'), the Mark VI was introduced in 1954 and was available in sopranino, soprano, alto, tenor, baritone and bass saxophones for nearly 20 years, until the introduction of the Mark VII model in 1975; however, there were no Mark VII sopraninos, sopranos, baritones, or bass saxes, as these continued to be the Mark VI design until introduction of the Super Action 80 saxophones. There are reports of a select number of baritone saxophones labeled as Mark VIIs but these horns are of the same design as the Mark VI. The entire line of Selmer horns was not revamped until the introduction of the Super Action 80 series in 1980. In 2000 Selmer introduced the Reference 54 series, whose design, look, feel, and sound was patterned after the Mark VI.
All Mark VI saxophones were manufactured in France. After manufacture, instruments designated for the British/Canadian or American markets were shipped unassembled and unengraved to their respective markets for completion. The place of assembly can often be determined by the style of engraving on the bell of the instrument.
The "American" engraving is generally of a flower and does not appear on the bow of the saxophone. Early examples of these saxophones have a serial number on the neck of the saxophone. It is believed that they were stamped with a serial number prior to exportation in France so that they could be matched upon arrival in the US. Eventually this practice was dropped. It is also believed that not all saxophones leaving the Elkhart factory had matching neck and body serial numbers. Technicians in the US also reportedly swapped necks to optimize the sound, which leads some to believe that American saxophones have better quality control than its French-assembled sibling. In the Japanese market, American Mark VIs are seen as more oriented toward jazz, whereas French saxophones are seen as catered to classical. It is believed that the difference in lacquer makes the American Mark VIs "brighter" than the "darker" French variants. Consequently, the Elkhart-assembled VIs are in greater demand in Japan. However, Selmer has never officially verified differences in quality-control or lacquer, so the perceived impact of the origin of assembly on the sound largely remains as speculation.
The French-assembled Mark VI engraving is usually of a butterfly and floral motif, and the engraving typically extends to the bow.
The British/Canadian Mark VI's often have a symmetrical medallion engraved on the front of the bell, and a design reminiscent of the chambered nautilus along the sides of the bell.
The design of the Mark VI evolved over time. Switching over from its predecessor, officially named the Super Action, but also called the Super Balanced Action, Selmer's earliest Mark VI models were transitional, incorporating design elements from both the preceding and the current saxophone. Tonally, early examples are considered to have a "dark" tone, while later examples are thought of as having a "bright" sound. The bore of the instrument changed throughout the history of the Mark VI. The shape of the bow was increased during the 90K serial number range to address certain intonation issues. In subsequent years the short bow was reintroduced. Latter-year Mark VIs gained a reputation of being lower quality than early versions (possibly due to Selmer's higher annual production output of the popular saxophone), leading to a greater demand of early-year Mark VIs with a five-digit serial number.
The high F key also shows up on various serial number ranges, though some players believe that instruments without the high F key have better natural intonation. There are also somewhat rare low A alto and baritone models. The low A baritone is especially sought after, whereas the low A alto model is somewhat less desirable (which presumably suffered intonation issues). Nonetheless, Ornette Coleman plays a low A alto.
The quality and ergonomics of the keywork design of the Mark VI can be observed in current saxophone designs: most modern saxophones have keywork that is more-or-less identical to the basic Mark VI design.
Years of production by serial number.
Keep in mind the "Official" Serial number guide issued by Selmer is not exact and Selmer never meant for it to be so. There can be as much as an 18 month (+/-) variation in actual production dates. This has been verified by original owners with receipts of their instruments showing purchase dates earlier than they would have been produced according to this chart. An example exists of an 89,000 series instrument sold in 1959. There is also a Mark VI tenor with a 236,000 serial number which would challenge the 231,000 Mark VII change-over. This gives rise to speculation that Selmer produced both the Mark VI design and early Mark VII horns concurrently, or possibly until the existing parts for the Mark VI were used up.
The Mark VI Soprano, Baritone, and Bass models were produced from 1954-1981. It is possible to find confirmed examples of these instruments in the serial range of # 55201-365000. The Mark VI Sopranino model was produced from 1954-1985 and can be found within the serial number range of # 55201-378000.
The Mark VII was produced as alto and tenor saxophones only.

</doc>
<doc id="9924615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924615" title="White Sunday">
White Sunday

White Sunday is a holiday in Samoa, falling on the second Sunday in October. It is a day for parents and communities to acknowledge and celebrate childhood by hosting special programs during church services which include scriptural recitations ("tauloto"), Biblical story reenactments, and creative dance performances. Children receive gifts (often new clothing and/or school supplies) on White Sunday and are allowed privileges normally reserved for elders, such as being the first to be served food at family meal time.
On White Sunday, Samoan women and children dress completely in white clothing. Some of them trim the clothes with the other two colors of the Samoan flag, red and blue. Men will wear white shirts with either white slacks or the traditional 'i.e. faitaga form of the lavalava. If a lavalava is worn it need not be white. White Sunday is also celebrated in Tonga.
White Sunday is celebrated by Samoan congregations and families throughout ethnic Samoan expatriate communities. 
In the Samoan language the holiday is called "Lotu Tamaiti," literally "Children's Service" or "Prayer for Children." 
There are differing opinions in regards to the origin of this holiday. Some believe White Sunday to be a Christian adaptation of an indigenous pre-contact celebration of certain planting and harvesting seasons. Others assert that the holiday coincides with a family celebration that became widespread in the 1920s in commemoration of Samoans who succumbed to the influenza epidemic of 1919; this epidemic, introduced through the ambivalence of the New Zealand colonial administration, took the lives of 1/5 to 1/4 of the Samoan population, many of them children. White Sunday is a time to also get with brothers, sisters and even cousins to recite something together. It is a tradition in all the Protestant churches.. 
New Zealand hip-hop artist Mareko has released an album named after it.

</doc>
<doc id="9924619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924619" title="Rob Pottorf">
Rob Pottorf

Rob Pottorf (born c. 1959) is an American composer.
Pottorf was born and raised in Sidney, Ohio. He graduated in 1977 from Sidney High School. He was inducted into the same Hall of Fame in 2005.
After 10 successful years as Senior Music Composer with Paramount Parks (a division of Paramount Pictures/Viacom), he ventured out in 1999 to pursue his career in film and television. In just a short period of time, his music could be heard on CBS, HGTV, Court TV and PAXNET.
While most of his time was spent scoring animated series such as “Hermie a Common Caterpillar” with Tim Conway and Don Knotts and “On the Farm” with Vince Gill, Amy Grant and Randy Travis to name a few, more film opportunities started to appear. After working on the film "Bobby Jones Stroke of Genius", his latest film with actor Will Patton ("Remember the Titans", "Mothman Prophecies", "Armageddon", "Gone in 60 Seconds", "No Way Out") "Dog Days of Summer" and a new animated series “Danger Rangers” on PBS marks another turning point in his career.
References.
Rob Pottorf is a composer for film and television music. Recent films include 20th Century Fox’s 'The Trial' (starring Matthew Modine) and Lions Gate's, 'Unrequited' (starring Michael Welch of Twilight), the GMC Channel's 'Trinity Goodheart' (starring Eric Benet') "The Heart of Christmas" (starring Candace Cameron Bure) and CBS' Saturday morning cartoon, 'Danger Rangers' (starring Mark Hamill and Jerry Houser).
Born and raised in a small town in Ohio, Rob began playing music at the age of five and writing at the age of nine. After school at the Ohio University and the University of Cincinnati, Rob took a position with Paramount Parks as Music Director and Sr. Music Composer. In 1999 he left Paramount to peruse film and television and never looked back.
Rob has worked on several projects for CBS, Disney, Paramount, Lions Gate, 20th Century Fox, Turner Network, HGTV, CourtTV, Nickelodeon and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9924646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924646" title="Meadow Brook Farms">
Meadow Brook Farms

Meadow Brook Farms may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9924656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924656" title="K Dub Shine">
K Dub Shine

K DUB SHINE (born May 8, 1968) is a Japanese hip hop artist and rapper. His real name is .
Kagami was born in the Shibuya ward of the city of Tokyo, Japan. In 10th grade K Dub Shine enrolled in an exchange program which landed him in Philadelphia. It was in Philly that he first encountered hip hop. He was immediately attracted to the way in which it addressed social inequality in the United States. It was in college that Shine began writing his own raps, first in English and later in Japanese. By the late 1990s, K Dub Shine had created his own record label and had become a big force in the Japanese underground hip hop scene. Many of his lyrics seek to depict accurately and without bias the reality of Japanese youth culture.

</doc>
<doc id="9924689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924689" title="Arbroath Herald">
Arbroath Herald

The Arbroath Herald Guide and Gazette, usually referred to simply as The Arbroath Herald, is a local newspaper covering events in and around Arbroath, Angus, Scotland. The "Arbroath Herald" is released weekly on a Friday.
History.
Established in 1838, the paper has had just seven editors. Up until 1975 the newspaper was printed in the burgh. The "Herald" was bought by the Johnston Press in 1998 at which time its circulation was approximately 7000 per week. In 2005 the Johnston Press reported its circulation was up to 10,030.
2004 was the first time news items were carried on the front page, where previously adverts and notices were displayed.

</doc>
<doc id="9924693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924693" title="Columbia Township, New Jersey">
Columbia Township, New Jersey

Columbia Township was a rather short-lived township that existed in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States, from 1844-1845.
Columbia Township was incorporated by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 8, 1844 entitled, "Act entitled, "An act to establish a new township in the county of Cumberland, to be called Columbia." Columbia was derived from portions of both Hopewell Township and Stoe Creek: On March 13, 1845, just one day shy of its first anniversary, the township was dissolved and its territory restored whence it came. At least part of Columbia Township now resides in present day Bridgeton.

</doc>
<doc id="9924698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924698" title="Geofact">
Geofact

A geofact (a portmanteau of "geology" and "artifact") is a naturally formed stone formation that is difficult to distinguish from a man-made artifact. Geofacts could be fluvially reworked and be misinterpreted as an artifact. 
Possible examples include several purported prominent ancient artifacts, such as the Venus of Berekhat Ram and the Venus of Tan-Tan. These are thought by many in the archaeological community to be geofacts. Two sites which show an abundance of what are likely geofacts are Calico Early Man Site and the Gulf of Cambay.

</doc>
<doc id="9924701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924701" title="Charlie West">
Charlie West

Charlie West (born August 31, 1946 in Big Spring, Texas) is a former safety who played for three National Football League teams. He played in Super Bowl IV as a member of the Minnesota Vikings. He also still holds the UTEP career record of 19 interceptions, including a school record four in one game. Today, he presently lives near New York City and coaches the Carmel High School football team in New York serving as the defensive coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="9924713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924713" title="Perfect Harmony">
Perfect Harmony

Perfect Harmony is a Disney movie (released on March 31, 1991) that is set in the US Civil Rights era. The story highlights the racial tensions of the Black and White populations within a South Carolina town and its private school. The production was filmed at Berry College, and is noted for its soundtrack which featured classical choir pieces. It was released on VHS and later on DVD.
Plot.
In 1959, a new teacher named Derek Sanders becomes the new choirmaster for Blanton Academy, a prestigious but all-white private school in South Carolina. Mr. Sanders tries to reduce some of the prejudice and hostility of some of the students in his choir. Paul, a bully who feels he should be lead boy, is the worst offender. Taylor Bradshaw, on the other hand, is impressed by the music of Landy Allen, an African-American boy and grandson of Zeke, the school caretaker. Taylor begins to explore the music and lives of the African-American people who live in Rivertown, despite knowing that it could get him expelled or rejected. Sanders is also impressed by Landy's abilities and attempts to get him involved with the choir. A tragedy in the community brings the race issue to a head.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack includes All We Like Sheep and Hallelujah chorus from Handel's Messiah, Franz Schubert's Ständchen in D Major and Schwanengesang, and Mozart's Laudate Dominum, as well as Vollendet ist das große Werk from Haydn's Creation.

</doc>
<doc id="9924719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924719" title="Travma">
Travma

Travma is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus on April 14, 1997. In Greece it became Gold within 12 days and 3x Platinum within 6 months.
The album also includes a duet with fellow Greek pop star Sakis Rouvas.
Australian Edition.
"Trauma" was released in Australia with English-language artwork and packaging in mid-1997, to help promote the Australian leg of the "Trauma" tour and her recent English-language single debut for "Forgive Me This". The album was released in a special tour edition featuring a bonus disc with five songs from previous albums. Vissi promoted the album and tour by participating in a high-profile media campaign including press, radio, national television interviews, and in-store signings.
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas and Natalia Germanou.
Australian Release.
Disc 1
Disc 2 
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9924721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924721" title="1983 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom and Super G">
1983 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom and Super G

Women's Giant Slalom and Super G World Cup 1982/1983
Final point standings.
In Women's Giant Slalom and Super G World Cup 1982/83 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().

</doc>
<doc id="9924724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924724" title="Blairmore Suburban Centre, Saskatoon">
Blairmore Suburban Centre, Saskatoon

The Blairmore Suburban Centre is a community service/commercial/residential community currently under development in western Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. It is part of the city's Blairmore Suburban Development Area, a large region annexed from the Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344 in 2005. Ultimately, the SDA will consist of seven new neighbourhoods, plus the Blairmore Suburban Centre, which is the first component of the SDA to be developed.
The suburban centre lies south of 22nd Street West, which is also Saskatchewan Highway 14. Saskatchewan Highway 7 forms the area's western boundary as it links to the site of a proposed interchange at 22nd Street; prior to 2012, however, the highway was temporarily aligned with Betts Avenue within the suburban centre until a new roadway was later constructed. The community also dovetails with the final phase of construction of the adjacent Parkridge community to the south. At present, the suburban centre consists of two high schools Tommy Douglas Collegiate and Bethlehem High School, plus a recreation/civic centre named Shaw Centre which opened the fall of 2008.; the three facilities are unique in Saskatoon as they are the first to be physically connected as one large building, allowing sharing of recreation amenities.
Education.
The area's two high schools are connected together by way of the Shaw Centre recreation complex.
Transportation.
22nd Street (Highway 14) is a major thoroughfare through Saskatoon Highway 14 connects with Asquith, Biggar Wilkie, Unity, and Macklin en route to Alberta.
Much of the SC is being constructed on the former alignment of Highway 7; the highway wsd temporarily rerouted along Betts Avenue to Hwy 14/22nd Street. A permanent realignment, farther to the west, was put in place in 2012, with an interchange planned at the junction of Hwys 7 and 14.
City Transit.
Public Transit to the area began on August 31, 2008. Route 23 to Hampton Place runs Monday to Friday at a 30 minute frequency during peak hours, and a 60 minute frequency during midday hours. There is no evening or weekend service.
External links.
Secondary Schools of Saskatoon

</doc>
<doc id="9924756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924756" title="AL – OR – AL">
AL – OR – AL

AL – OR – AL (subtitled "Thee Transmutation Ov Mercury") is an album by Psychic TV and XKP. The album was released on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="9924794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924794" title="Privatization in Iran">
Privatization in Iran

According to the Fourth Five-Year Economic Development Plan (2005-2010), the Privatization Organization of Iran affiliated to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Finance is in charge of setting prices and ceding shares to the general public and on the Tehran Stock Exchange. The privatization effort is primarily backed by reformist members of the Iranian government and society who hope that privatization can bring about economic and social change. Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, a staunch conservative, has on several occasions lambasted the privatization policies and tried to counteract them.
In 2007, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei requested that government officials speed up implementation of the policies outlined in the amendment of Article 44, and move towards economic privatization. Khamenei also suggested that ownership rights should be protected in courts set up by the Justice Ministry; the hope was that this new protection would give an additional measure of security and encourage private investment. Despite these statements, true official backing for privatization remains very slow due to political reasons.
It is widely believed that if current governmental organizations are privatized they will need to become more efficient. At present many are not profitable due to large numbers of unnecessary employees hired by the government to reduce unemployment. Furthermore, many of these companies are subsidized by oil revenues. True privatization will inevitably lead to many unpopular job cuts and large scale lay offs.
The current privatization effort calls for an initial public offering (IPO) of five percent of the firms being privatized. Once the five percent is public, it will establish a market price that further offerings can be based on. According to a study conducted by the IMF in 18 countries, privatization adds 2 percent to the government’s GDP per annum.
The Iranian Constitution.
According to the Article 44 of the Iranian Constitution, the economy of Iran is to consist of three sectors: state, cooperative, and private; and is to be based on systematic and sound planning.
A strict interpretation of the above has never been enforced in the Islamic Republic and the private sector has been able to play a much larger role than is outlined in the Constitution. In recent years, the role of the private sector has been further on the increase. Furthermore, an amendment of the article in 2004 has allowed 80 percent of state assets to be privatized (ref: Note C, article 44 of Constitution).
Background.
Iranian Revolution and Iran-Iraq war (1979-88).
In July 1979, six months after the victory of the Revolution, 28 private banks that held 43.9 percent of the total assets of all the Iranian banks in their possession, were declared nationalized by the government. At the same time, all the carmaking, copper, steel and aluminum industries, as well as the assets of 51 capitalists and major industrialists and their next of kin were declared nationalized by the government. In 1982, Mostazafen Foundation of Islamic Revolution alone came to possess 203 manufacturing and industrial factories, 472 big agricultural fields, 101 major construction firms, 238 trade and services companies and 2,786 big plots of real estates.
Immediately following the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war over 80% of Iran's economy came under the control of the government. This created numerous problems for Iran as previously internationally competitive companies, such as Iran Air or Iran Khodro, degraded into basic domestic companies that could barely function without massive government subsidies - primarily derived from oil revenues.
Rafsanjani government (1989-97).
After the Iran-Iraq war in 1988, the Iranian government declared its intention to privatize most state industries in an effort to stimulate the ailing economy. The sale of state-owned factories and companies proceeded slowly, however (mostly because of the opposition in Majlis), and most industries remained state-owned in the early 21st century (70% of the economy as of 2006). The majority of heavy industry —including steel, petrochemicals, copper, automobiles, and machine tools— was in the public sector, while most light industry was privately owned.
Khatami government (1997-2005).
In 2004, under the presidency of reformist Mohammad Khatami a number of efforts were made to eliminate the role of the government: The Tehran Stock Exchange was re-launched, which allowed a mechanism for trading shares of government companies. Elements of the constitution (article 44) that decreed that core-infrastructure should remain state run were eliminated, and private banks were launched.
Despite plans to sell billions worth of state assets to the private sector, uptake was very slow. A common criticism of the privatisation effort by investors was the only local Iranian organisations that are capable of buying the large share blocks are themselves government owned. Also analysts have blamed international fears about the Iranian nuclear programme and an absence of transparency and information reporting for the lack of enthusiasm for state assets. In 2005, Iran tried to sell $2.5bn of government assets but only managed to offload less than 30 per cent. At present, at least 20 percent of the companies slated for selloff are officially loss-making. While the rest have earned an average profit of 5.5 percent in recent years, that figure does not take into account the extensive political and economic incentives and monopoly protections that they enjoy.
Ahmadinejad government (2005-2013).
In July 2006, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei decreed a renewed effort to privatise the economy and said in his order that “ceding 80 per cent of the shares of large companies will serve to bring about economic development, social justice and the elimination of poverty”. The decree is also an effort to revive Iran’s stalled privatization programme and kick-start the country’s many uncompetitive industries, which are heavily protected by subsidies.
Some 80 percent of the companies subject to Article 44 of the Constitution would be transferred to public ownership, 40 percent of which will be conducted through the "Justice Shares" Scheme and the rest through the Bourse Organization. The government will keep the title of the remaining 20 percent.
In February 2008, Iran announced that 3 newly formed Investment Banks (AminIB, Novin and Pasargad Bank) will take share subscriptions and act as an intermediary between the Privatization Organization and the stock exchange, helping Iran divest state-owned enterprises.
The Central Bank of Iran indicate that 70 percent of the Iranians own homes., with huge amounts of idle money entering the housing market. However, if the stock market grows stronger, it will undoubtedly attract idle capital.
Close to 370 trillion rials worth of shares of firms covered by Article 44 of the Constitution have been sold to the private sector from 2006 to 2009. The value of government assets are between 1,000 to 1,100 trillion rials ($110 billion), one third of which have been ceded to the private sector (December 2008).
In 2009 it was reported that 30 percent of the revenues obtained from ceding the ownership of state entities within the framework of Article 44 of the Constitution are allocated to the nationwide cooperatives.
As of 2009, Iran has privatized $63 billion worth of government equity in state-owned firms since 2005 (out of $120 billion). Subsequently, the disinvestment has brought the government's direct ownership in the GDP from 80% down to 40%. However, privatization through the bourse has tended to involve the sale of state-owned enterprises to other state actors such as pension funds.
The Iranian Government announced in 2010 that it aims to raise some $12.5 billion by privatizing more than 500 state-owned firms. The money raised through privatization of the firms will be spent on paying the state's debts.
"Justice shares" plan.
The government has approved a plan to offer shares to low-income families, starting with the poorest. Under the “Justice Shares“ plan, millions of Iranian families will receive shares in state-owned firms, the value of which will be reimbursed in 20 years from the dividends generated by those shares. The project is in line with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s election promise to improve the condition of Iran’s poor. Ahmadinejad in July 2005 promised to distribute shares to Iranian families, adding that these shares would be from state-run companies that must be privatized.
Implementation.
The poorest strata of society shall receive justice shares at a 50 percent discount and will pay the said amount in 10-year installments. Villagers and nomads shall have priority in this respect. The holding period for those shares is a minimum of 2 years . Those covered by charity services rendered by the Imam Khomeini Relief Committee and the State Welfare Organizations as well as the jobless war veterans are prioritized in the first phase of the justice shares initiative. In the second phase, rural population and tribesmen will receive the shares.
Distribution.
Directives on identifying those eligible to receive justice shares (in the second phase) have been issued and the shares will be distributed (among the rural residents and the tribesmen) after receiving their national code number. Up to 6.5 million rural residents who qualify for the shares have been identified and that 1.2 million more people are yet to complete their documents. The Government is promoting the shareholding culture in Iran. The total number of shareholders has reached 700,000 people and this figure is expected to reach 24-25 million. In December 2006, the Government informed that some 4.6 million low-income Iranians had received Justice shares worth $2.5 billion as part of the privatization scheme. Each person received around $550 in shares with a maximum of 5 payments for each family.
In February 2008 the Iranian Economic Ministry announced that some 15 million rural people out of 23 million are entitled to justice shares by the next Iranian year (to start March 20, 2008). In November 2008 Iran announced that some 22.5 million people have received justice shares. However, in 2009 labor leaders complained that workers have received hardly any. More than seven million people have been categorized in the lowest-income bracket. By mid-June 2009, it was reported that almost 40 million people had received justice shares.
Criticism.
The waves of privatizations in Iran have been criticized by both labor and business leaders, albeit for different reasons. Some observers have argued that this "privatization" is modeled on the voucher distribution programs of Russia and Czechoslovakia in the 1990s, which, at least in the case of Russia, led to the rise of the oligarchs.
Shares for workers.
As part of a policy of transferring shares of state firms to employees (5% of privatization proceeds), 20 million shares valued at 18.5 billion rials were transferred during September and October 2008, including to employees of Satkab, Iranian Mines and Mining Industries Development and Renovation Organization, and subsidiaries of the Industrial Development and Renovation Organization.
Iranian expatriates role.
Privatization drive will gain momentum once Iranian expatriates begin to invest in their motherland. Iranian nationals residing abroad are holding significant assets. Many have invested their capital in other countries, following the 1979 Islamic Revolution and the 1980-1988 war. Statistics at hand suggest that close to $10 billion (of goods) were re-exported into Iran last year. Multinational companies, particularly Iranian firms mostly owned and controlled by Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution, are involved in export of goods into the country from Dubai. There are differing estimates of the expatriates’ total capital (1.3 trillion dollars), but what is clear is that it is so huge that it will be enough to buy shares of all state companies. In Dubai alone, Iranian expatriates are estimated to have invested up to $200 billion.
If 10 percent of this capital arrives, things will change drastically in Iran.
Investments.
In 2000, the Iran Press Service reported that Iranian expatriates had invested between $200 and $400 billion in the United States, Europe, and China, but almost nothing in Iran. The Iranian government's efforts to encourage foreign investment from Iranians in the United States were thwarted in 1997 when President Bill Clinton issued an executive order prohibiting investments in Iran (ILSA). Nevertheless, FIPPA provisions apply to all foreign investors, and many Iranian expatriates based in the US continue to make substantial investments in Iran.
Expatriate fund.
The government has proposed setting up a joint investment fund with $5 billion in basic capital and an economic union to serve Iranians living abroad. The stated goal is to attract investment from Iranian expatriates and using their experience in stimulating foreign investments. Later, in 2010, it was announced that Iran will start the process by creating a national fund with a basic capital of eight million euros. This fund will later transform into a bank.
Foreign investment.
Foreign investors can bid in Iranian privatisation tenders, but need permission from the Economy Ministry on a case-by-case basis. Iran has announced it will begin to allow foreign firms to purchase Iranian state-run companies, with the possibility of obtaining full ownership.
Offshore fund.
A subsidiary of Iran's largest bank, Melli Investment Bank with branches in Dubai (UAE) and London, plans to launch a fund of up to $300 million to invest in the Tehran Stock Exchange, providing an alternative venue for foreigners to invest in the Iranian economy. The market, with a capitalisation of $37 billion, is trading at a fraction of the earnings multiples enjoyed by Iran's neighbours, while average earnings continue to grow at about 25 per cent a year. The fund will be composed of blue chip companies like Iran Khodro and will be based in the Cayman Island and managed from Iran.
Top 100 Iranian companies.
The ranking has been assessed by Iran Industrial Management Company for the past 10 years. Based on financial statements for March 2005-06, the ’100 top Iranian corporations’ were ranked and announced in a conference in early 2007. According to the economic expert in charge of the rankings, the main index considered was the sales of companies because “Sales figure indicates the growth of a corporation“.
According to the same survey, while 67 percent of the firms have experienced a decline in profit margin, car manufacturers, cement factories, investment institutions and banks have had an increase in the same index. The Iranian year March 2005-06 was a good year for these industries.
Meanwhile, the Persian daily "Ettelaat" named the top five corporations as follows: "Industrial Development and Renovation Organization" (IDRO) ranking first with an asset of 112,658 billion rials followed by "Iran Khodro Industrial Group" with an asset of 65,971 billion rials, "Mining Industries Development and Renovation Organization (IMIDRO)" with 52,184 billion rials, "SAIPA" car factory with 40,528 billion rials and "National Iranian Petrochemical Company" with 32,024 billion rials. They were followed by "SAPCO", "Bank Melli Iran", "Bank Saderat Iran", "Mobarakeh Steel Co." and "Bank Mellat" taking the sixth to tenth positions.
Latest statistics show that the number of companies worth over one billion dollars on Tehran Stock Exchange (listed companies only) has reached 12. Among them are "National Iranian Copper Industries Company" (NICIC shares are worth $5.2 billion), "Kharg Petrochemical Company", "Ghadir petrochemical companies", "Khuzestan Steel Company", "Power Plant Projects Management Company (MAPNA)", "Retirement Investment Firm", "Metal and Mine Investment Companies", "Gol-Gohar Iron Ore Company" ($2.1 billion), and "Chadormalu Mining and Industrial Company".
Valuation.
The assets of the top 100 Iranian publicly traded corporations—not including the National Iranian Oil Company and affiliated companies, various IDRO affiliated companies, the Defense Industries Organization, Iran Air and the Iran Aviation Industries Organization—add up to $86 billion, which is less than that of a corporation such as Microsoft. But this does not account for goodwill that likely increases the real assets value of those same companies to more than one trillion US dollars.
Major Companies listed for privatization.
Of 1,000 companies awaiting the cabinet’s approval, 240 companies had the green light already to be privatized by March 2008.
Banking and insurance.
Most smaller state banks will be open to flotation, but excluded key banks including the Central Bank of Iran, Bank Melli Iran, Sepah Bank of Iran, Bank of Industry and Mines, Bank of Agriculture, Housing Bank (Bank Maskan) and the Export Development Bank of Iran. The privatization-bound banks are Tejarat, Mellat, Refah, Saderat, and Post Bank (ceding 100 percent of stakes of all 5 banks).
Insurance companies Asia, Dana and Alborz will be listed on the stock exchange in 2009 after review and improvement in their financial accounts, internal regulations, organizational structure and dispersion nationwide.
In 2008, the total insurance premiums generated in Iran were $4.3 billion. This is less than 0.1% of the world’s total, while Iran has approximately 1% of the world’s population. The insurance penetration rate is approximately 1.4%, significantly below the global average of 7.5%. This underdevelopment is also evident in product diversity. Approximately 60% of all insurance premiums
are generated from car insurance. Also, 95% of all premiums come from general insurance contracts and only 5% relate to life products. Payout ratios have shown consistent growth over the years. Last year, the industry average payout ratio was 86%.
Industry.
102 companies out of the total 130, affiliated to IDRO, will be privatized by next March (2009) Leading automakers Iran Khodro and Saipa are also due to be privatized in March 2008. In July 2010, the government sold a further 18% stake in both Iran Khodro and Saipa for about $2 billion in total, bringing down its participation in both companies to about 20%. Shares of "Iran Tractor Manufacturing Company" have also been offered on the Tehran Stock Exchange as part of an IPO.
Utilities.
Mapna Company. Sahand, Bistoun, Shazand, Shahid Montazeri, Tous, Shahid Rajaei and Neishabour power stations are among the profit-making plants, work on privatizing them will be finalized by late March 2007. Jahrom, Khalij-e Fars (Persian Gulf) and Sahand power plants will be ceded to the private sector in 2009. All domestic power plants will be privatized gradually, except those the government feels it should run to ensure security of the national electricity grid. Power plants of Damavand, Mashhad, Shirvan, Kerman, Khalij-e Fars, Abadan, Bisotoon, Sanandaj, Manjil and Binalood, which have been turned into public limited firms, are ready for privatization. As of 2010, 20 power plants were ready for privatization in Iran. Upon ceding the 20 power plants to IPO, some 40 percent of the capacity of power plants nationwide will be assigned to the private and cooperative sectors.
Mines & Metals.
National Iranian Copper Industries Co.(NICICO), Mobarakeh Steel Co., Khuzestan Steel Company, Isfahan Steel Mills, Iranian Aluminium Company (IRALCO), Ehdas Sanat Company (ESC) and Iran Alloy Stell Co. are all candidates for privatization. The Privatization Organization of Iran has announced that Iranian Aluminium Co. and Bushehr Cement Co. will be privatized in June 2007. The steel, cement and iron ore prices are currently being liberalized in Iran.
Transport.
As planned, all airline companies except for Civil Aviation Organisation as well as Ports and Shipping Organisation should be ceded to the people. This covers flag carrier Iran Air and its affiliate Iran Aseman Airlines. The fast-growing Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines has also been lobbying for more independence. The government has agreed to offer the shares of Iran Post Company in the bourse (2008). The National Iranian Tanker Company's shares have been offered to the private sector in 2009. In 2009 Iran announced that Imam Khomeini port, its biggest port in the Persian Gulf, will be privatized. Bandar Abbas has also been listed for privatization.
Telecommunication.
In 2006, the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology announced that it will float the shares of affiliated companies such as Mobile Telecommunications Company in the stock market.
Under the general policies of Article 44, telecom companies are categorized in four groups as follows:
In 2009, 51% of TCI was sold to Mobin Trust Consortium, a consortium belonging to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps for the sum of $7.8 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="9924796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924796" title="Davina the Dolphin">
Davina the Dolphin

Davina the Dolphin (formerly Dave the Dolphin) was a sociable solitary dolphin who resided off the coast in the Shepway area of England for approximately eighteen months. This was a very unusual situation as dolphins normally reside with family groups known as pods, and are not usually seen on their own. She was often spotted swimming in the English Channel. There is a website dedicated to the dolphin which was created by an angler called Simon Chandler.
During her time in the area, Davina received several serious injuries from being struck by boat propellers of people going out to see her. In August, 2007, she received an injury to her dorsal fin that took several months to heal. Then, in October, she lost a third of her tail, and this was considered a life-threatening injury. She was successfully treated with antibiotics administered by a vet working with the cetacean rescue organisation British Divers Marine Life Rescue.
She was seen in the area after this, and her condition appeared to be improving. However, she suddenly went missing from the area shortly after this. She was last reported to be seen in early November 2007. Although BDMLR marine mammal medics are still visiting the area on a regular basis, she has not been seen since, and there are fears that she may have died of an infection to her tail wound or may have been caught and drown in fishing nets. But there has been no confirmation of this either way and hopes are that she is still alive but has simply left the area or perhaps rejoined another pod of dolphins.
British Divers Marine Life Rescue had volunteers watching out for the safety of the dolphin and monitoring Davina and the behaviour of members of the public around her from the moment she appeared in the area. They also provided educational materials, passing out information leaflets to people on the beach and answering questions. Along with other organisations from the Marine Animal Rescue Coalition, BDMLR was concerned for the safety and well being of any solitary dolphin due to these animals often becoming harmed by human interaction. Davina is a female bottlenosed dolphin, and she is estimated to be about 6 years old according to the MARC.
On 9 June 2007, two men were arrested while swimming with Dave, for the crime of 'disturbing' a dolphin. They pled not guilty and the case is still ongoing at Folkestone Magistrate's Court. On April 17, 2008 Michael Jukes, 27 and Daniel Buck, 26, were both ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work after magistrates convicted them of intentionally or recklessly disturbing a wild animal contrary to the Wildlife and Countryside Act of 1981.
External links — Davina in the news.
The dolphin has repeatedly made it on to the Kent Online and BBC News website:

</doc>
<doc id="9924802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924802" title="2007 Mid-Continent Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 Mid-Continent Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 Mid-Continent Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place between Saturday, March 2, 2007 and Tuesday, March 5, 2007 at the John Q. Hammons Arena in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The Oral Roberts Golden Eagles won the championship to secure their 4th trip to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship.
Format.
Each of the 8 men's basketball teams in the Mid-Continent Conference received a berth in the conference tournament. Teams were seeded by conference record with the following tie-breakers:
Seeding.
The following were the seeds for the conference tournament, along with conference record.
"* Received #5 seed based on 1–1 record vs. #3 Valparaiso while UMKC had an 0–2 record vs. Valparaiso. The teams split head-to-head and had identical records vs. #1 Oral Roberts (0–2) and #2 Oakland (0–2)."<br>
"** Received #7 seed based on 1–1 record vs. #2 Oakland while Centenary had an 0–2 record vs. Oakland. The teams split head-to-head and had identical records vs. #1 Oral Roberts (0–2)."

</doc>
<doc id="9924844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924844" title="Antidoto">
Antidoto

Antidoto (Greek: "Αντιδοτο"; ) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in 1998. The album reached 3x Platinum status and is the first album in Greek music history to sell 80,000 copies in the first week of its release. The album was also released in international packaging in France, Germany, and South Africa.
Album information.
Background.
The album was recorded in London during 1997 where Nikos Karvelas lived at the time. When Vissi was performing in Athens and would head off to London on her days off to record the album. "Gazi" was the first song she presented to the public during her gigs in Haos Club in Athens in winter 1997-1998 season. The cover of "Antidoto" was made by a photograph from the booklet of the album Travma which was reversed and edited. Additional photos in the booklet were captured from the music video of Erotevmenaki. This album includes a duet with Paris Karagiannopoulos titled "Magava Tout" which was made a single in the summer. The CD was an enhanced CD format release which included the music video of the second single "Erotevmenaki". The album was packaged in two versions; the one on paperback, gatefold cover, the other in conventional jewel case. Both versions included the music video of the track "Erotevmenaki" as a free bonus.
Sales.
It became the fastest selling album until then in Greece selling more than 80,000 copies in the first week of its release. It also stands as the first album in Greek music history to become platinum in the first week of its release.
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas, Natalia Germanou (Track 14 - lyrics) and Apostolos Diavolikis (Track 07 - lyrics)
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9924893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924893" title="Gogita Gogua">
Gogita Gogua

Gogita Gogua (; born 4 October 1983) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk and is also a member of the Georgia national football team. While he mainly plays midfield, he can also play as a defender. Gogua has previously played for FC Tbilisi, Dinamo Tbilisi, FC Khimki and Saturn Moscow Oblast. He signed in 2008 to try his second time in Spartak Nalchik, after playing 15 matches for Saturn Moscow Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="9924925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924925" title="Paul Secon">
Paul Secon

Paul Secon (July 13, 1916 – February 24, 2007) was an American entrepreneur song-writer who co-founded Pottery Barn with his brother, Morris, in 1950.
Born in Philadelphia, Secon was the son of Russian immigrants. He was musically gifted, and played the trumpet, piano, oboe, and flute. Secon was the music critic for "The Boston Evening Transcript". In 1950, he was a music editor for Billboard, Variety and creative songwriter having written for Nat King Cole, The Mills Brothers and many more whilst living in New York City when he heard about a business opportunity from Morris. Morris' wife had recently purchased stoneware at a yard sale in their hometown of Rochester, New York. Morris took a liking to the pieces, which were designed by Glidden Parker at his factory in Alfred, New York. Parker informed him that he had three barns full of discontinued or slightly damaged products for sale. The brothers decided to buy the pieces for US$2,500, and, with the help of their father, rented a store on 10th Avenue in New York City to sell their wares, thus giving birth to Pottery Barn.
A year later, an article in "The New Yorker" praised the store, and customers flocked to it in droves. Paul remained store manager, while Morris, who was also musically inclined, became principal hornist for the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra and teacher at the Eastman School of Music. In 1959 Paul started taking long trips to Europe in search of new product lines, and asked Morris to help manage the store. In 1966, Paul sold the company to Morris and moved to Denmark, where he pursued his earlier career of music and writing, and where his son, Lucas Secon (best known for his 1994 hit song Lucas With the Lid Off) was born. In 1980, Paul moved back to the United States and settled in Manhattan before relocating to Rochester in 1997, where he died at his home at the age of 90.
He is also the father of a daughter, Kirby Fairfax, who was born in Greenwich Village to Secon and Fairfax Kirby in 1949. She lives in San Diego, CA and is a journalist.++ 
Added by Kirby Fairfax herself on March 15, 201.

</doc>
<doc id="9924957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924957" title="Claire Keelan">
Claire Keelan

Claire Keelan is an English actress, known for portraying Claire Ashcroft in "Nathan Barley" and Electroclash in "No Heroics".
Background.
Keelan is a former member of the Royal Court Young People's Theatre. She trained at Westminster College between 1998 and 1999.
Career.
Keelan has appeared in the films "A Cock and Bull Story" (2005), "Pierrepoint" (2005) and "Hush" (2009).
Her television credits include "Perfect Day", "Survivors", "Sorted", "Moving On", "The Trip", and the pilot episode of "How Not to Live Your Life". She played the lead roles of Claire Ashcroft in "Nathan Barley" and Electroclash, aka Sarah, in "No Heroics". In 2003 she appeared in an episode of Channel 4's "Art Show" written by Charlie Brooker.
Keelan's theatre work includes "Top Girls", "Ultra Violet", "Les liaisons dangereuses", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Rise and Shine" and "The Electric Hills".

</doc>
<doc id="9924969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924969" title="Jim White (drummer)">
Jim White (drummer)

Jim Ronald White (born 1962) is an Australian drummer, songwriter, and producer. In 1992 he formed Dirty Three, an instrumental rock band, with fellow mainstays Warren Ellis on violin and bass guitar; and Mick Turner on electric and bass guitars. In Dirty Three, White shares songwriting duties with Ellis and Turner. White has also played with various other artists including The Blackeyed Susans, Kim Salmon's STM (both with Ellis); The Tren Brothers (with Turner); and United States singer-songwriter, Nina Nastasia. On 28 May 2007 Nastasia and White issued an album, "You Follow Me", which was co-produced by White, Nastasia and Kennan Gudjonsson.
Biography.
Jim Ronald White was born in 1962 and grew up in Clifton Hill, Victoria. In 1980, as a drummer, he formed Happy Orphans with Conway Savage on piano and backing vocals. Late the following year he replaced Peter Rippon on drums in a noise rock group, The People with Chairs up Their Noses, alongside Mark Barry on bass guitar, David Palliser on saxophone and lead vocals, and Jim Shugg on lead guitar. In 1982 they issued a split extended play on Au Go Go Records with their two tracks, "Road to Egg" and "The New Band", backed by a track from fellow Melbourne rockers Plays with Marionettes. When performing White provided percussion by using an "ironing board covered with letter boxes and other domestic detritus".
Also in 1982 White, with Shugg on lead guitar and lead vocals, rejoined Savage in a country rock group, Feral Dinosaurs. He sometimes played in both The People with Chairs up Their Noses and Feral Dinosours on the same night. Other founding members of Feral Dinosaurs were Nick Danyi on saxophone and David Last on double bass and vocals. By late 1983 The People with Chairs up Their Noses had disbanded and White continued with Feral Dinosaurs. In 1984 they provided a cover version of Don Gibson's 1958 hit, "Blue Day", on the various artist's compilation album, "Asleep at the Wheel", for Au Go Go Records. Feral Dinosaurs released two singles, "Ramblin' Man" and "50 Miles from Home", followed by an EP in December 1985, "You've All Got a Home to Go To", on the Major Records label before disbanding in 1986.
In 1985 White formed another band, Venom P. Stinger, as an avant-rock ensemble with Dugald MacKenzie on lead vocals (ex-Sick Things, Brainshack); Alan Secher-Jensen on bass guitar (Brainshack, Beachnuts); and Mick Turner on guitar (Sick Things, Fungus Brains, The Moodists). They issued their debut album, "Meet My Friend Venom" (1986), but disbanded in 1989 when Turner returned to Fungus Brains. White had drummed for Hessian Sax during 1988 to 1989 and for Conway Savage & the Deep South in 1989. Venom P. Stinger's second album, "What's Yours Is Mine", was released in October 1990. The group reformed in 1991 with MacKenzie, Turner and White joined by Nick Palmer on lead vocals. In November they issued a four-track EP, "Waiting Room". The group toured the United States and released a live album, "Live (in Davis)", in 1992. By the end of the year White and Turner had left Venom P. Stinger.
In 1992 White and Turner formed an instrumental rock group, Dirty Three, with Warren Ellis on violin (ex-These Future Kings). The trio recorded a cassette, "Dirty Three", as a give-away at early gigs. In the same year White and Ellis were also working in the rock bands, The Blackeyed Susans, Kim Salmon's STM and Charles Marshall and the Body Electric. The following year White and Turner reformed Venom P. Stinger, and recorded another album, "Tear Bucket", which appeared in 1996. In 1994 White and Ellis backed Tex, Don and Charlie on a national tour. In June that year Dirty Three issued their self-titled album on Torn & Frayed Records for which Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, praised White's "sympathetic drumming".
In November 1994 they released an album in the US, "Sad & Dangerous", which included tracks from their 1992 give-away cassette. From March 1995 the trio toured the US and completed 200 gigs by year's end. In July "Sad & Dangerous" was issued in Australia. The group followed with further studio albums: "Horse Stories" (September 1996), "Ocean Songs" (March 1998), "Whatever You Love, You Are" (March 2000), "She Has No Strings Apollo" (February 2003), "Cinder" (October 2005) and "Toward the Low Sun" (February 2012). Almost all of Dirty Three's material is co-written by White with Ellis and Turner.
In mid-1998 White and Turner formed an instrumental duo, The Tren Brothers, and issued a five-track self-titled EP. Most of The Tren Brothers material is written by Turner alone or with White. In January 2000 White and Ellis backed Nick Cave on his tour of Australia. In 2003 White backed Nina Nastasia and subsequently was recorded on her albums "Run to Ruin" (2003) and "On Leaving" (2006). On 28 May 2007 the pair released a collaborative album, "You Follow Me". It was co-produced by White, Nastasia and Kennan Gudjonsson. Allmusic's Thom Jurek noted that White "is not an accompanist here, he is a collaborator, even though he didn't write the songs", with the production emphasising his "full of bassy tom toms and wispy brushwork" where White "floats, digs, sputters, halts, and pushes through the music, just as [Nastasia's] playing guitar and singing does". When not performing or recording White lives in New York. In 2013 he started playing with Anderson Henderson White.
Collaborations.
Jim White has also played with a number of other artists, including:
An October 2007 article in "Time Out New York" called him "indie rock's drummer of choice", saying, "Those who play with White speak of him with the ardor of religious converts."

</doc>
<doc id="9924985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924985" title="Omori Station">
Omori Station

Omori Station or Ōmori Station may refer to several railway stations in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="9924990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9924990" title="Digital textbook">
Digital textbook

A digital textbook is a digital book or e-book intended to serve as the text for a class. Digital textbooks may also be known as e-textbooks or e-texts. Digital textbooks are a major component of technology-based education reform. They may serve as the texts for a traditional face-to-face class, an online course or degree, or a massive open online course (MOOC). 
Implementation.
There are many potential advantages to digital textbooks. They may offer lower costs, make it easier to monitor student progress, and are easier and cheaper to update when needed. Open source e-textbooks may offer the opportunity to create free, modifiable textbooks for basic subjects, or give individual teachers the opportunity to create e-texts for their own classrooms. They may offer better access to quality texts in the developing world. For this reason, many schools and colleges around the world have made the implementation of digital textbooks a central component of education policy. For example, in South Korea, reading materials in all public schools will be digitized by 2015. In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission aims for every student to be able to access e-texts by 2017. 
However, the transition to e-textbooks is costly, complex and controversial. Students express a strong preference for printed materials in many surveys and across cultures. Many interconnected factors, from device access, to digital literacy, to teaching methods affect the implementation of digital textbooks in the classroom. Issues of overall value, book quality, privacy, and intellectual property have yet to be resolved.
Devices.
Because digital textbooks must be accessed through an electronic device, such as a laptop or e-reader, schools and colleges must determine how to provide access to all students. Many school districts are now offering "one-to-one" technology programs, in which a tablet or laptop is issued to each student. This ensures that all of the devices meet the same requirements (such as memory or software) and that all the devices can be networked, monitored and upgraded together. However, the one-to-one model also imposes significant costs on school districts, and brings up issues of privacy and personal use. 
An alternative to one-to-one is to ask students to use their own electronic devices in class. This is called Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) or, sometimes, Bring Your Own Technology (BYOT). BYOD allows students to choose their preferred device for studying. Compared to one-to-one, it decreases the technology and maintenance costs for institutions. But not all students' devices may be compatible with the digital textbooks require for a class, and the devices may not be able to network with each other. A BYOD approach may also count out students who cannot afford a computer, e-reader or smartphone.
Interactivity.
A major selling point of digital textbooks is that they offer the opportunity for students to access multimedia content, such as embedded videos, interactive presentations and hyperlinks. Tests and other assessments can be included in the textbook, classmates can work together, and student progress can be tracked. Touchscreen technology offers students the chance to participate in projects, research or experiments. This may offer a different or better learning experience than printed textbooks. Digitization also promises to offer improved access to textbooks for student with disabilities. For example, high-contrast displays, or text-to-speech programs can help visually impaired students use the same textbooks their classmates use. The creation of interactive and customizable content is an important part of digital textbook development. Interactive digital content is costly to produce, however, and research on learning outcomes is still in the preliminary stages.
Open vs. closed.
The concepts of open access and open source support the idea of open textbooks, digital textbooks that are free (gratis) and easy to distribute, modify and update (libre). Schools, teachers or professors may design their own open textbooks by gathering open access scholarly articles or other open access resources into one text or one curriculum. Open textbooks offer affordable access, especially to basic and common information, and pose a challenge to traditional models of textbook publishing. Modifiable or community edited textbooks may also be difficult to establish as credible or scholarly sources. 
Other models for digital textbook publishing are more traditional. Textbook publishers may offer digital textbooks or digital curriculums that are standardized across classrooms, easier to update, and compliant with national standards, teaching methods or goals. This approach also offers pitfalls. License or renewal fees for digital textbooks may impose unexpected costs for institutions. For example, in 2013, the LA Unified School District announced that it would face an additional $60 million to license the curriculum for its one-to-one iPad program. 
Outcomes.
Though many governments and school districts are making large investments in digital textbooks, adoption is slow. According to data from Bowker Market Research, in the spring semester of 2013, only 3% of college students used a digital textbook as their primary course material. In multiple studies, strong majorities of college students, teens, and children continue to express a preference for printed books. Furthermore there is conflicting information about how digital textbooks affect learning, cognition and retention. However, students are growing more exposed to digital textbooks, and new research suggests that student performance is about the same whether students work from digital or printed texts. 

</doc>
<doc id="9925000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925000" title="2007 Houston Texans season">
2007 Houston Texans season

The 2007 Houston Texans season began with the team trying to improve on their 6–10 record in 2006. This season marks the sixth year of existence for the Texans franchise as well as Reliant Stadium.
Offseason.
The offseason was dominated by rumors and speculation surrounding the future of David Carr and the Texans. Jake Plummer was a leading candidate to replace Carr until he was traded to Tampa Bay and then retired. The Texans also contacted free agent Jeff Garcia before he signed with Tampa Bay. Finally, on March 21 the Texans struck a deal with Atlanta and traded draft picks for their backup quarterback, Matt Schaub. David Carr was cut on March 23 and later signed by the Carolina Panthers.
Another situation of great speculation to fans was that of Domanick Williams. Williams, the Texans all-time leading rusher, had a lingering knee injury that kept him side-lined for the entirety of the 2006 season. The Texans signed Ahman Green during free agency and eventually released Domanick on March 23, 2007.
Player Additions/Subtractions.
Additions: 
Subtractions: 
Draft.
The Texans swapped their first-round pick in the 2007 NFL Draft (8th overall) with the Atlanta Falcons for their first-round pick (10th overall) as part of the Matt Schaub deal. In drafting Okoye, who was 19 at the time of the draft, the Texans took the youngest player in NFL Draft history. Okoye ended up being a bust draft pick, as the pick immediately after him was Pro Bowler Patrick Willis.
The Texans also traded their second-round selections in 2007 and 2008 as part of the Schaub deal and did not choose again until the third round, when they took Jacoby Jones from Division II Lane College, the highest picked player who did not play in Division I FBS or FCS that year.
Offensive lineman Kasey Studdard (6th round) became the second Texas Longhorns player drafted by the Texans (Sloan Thomas was taken in the 7th round in 2004).
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
The Texans began their 2007 campaign at home against the Kansas City Chiefs. After a scoreless first quarter, Houston came out pounding in the second quarter with kicker Kris Brown getting a 26-yard field goal, while QB Matt Schaub completed a 77-yard touchdown pass to WR Andre Johnson. In the third quarter, DE Mario Williams showed his reason for being last year's #1 overall pick by returning a fumble 38 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, the Chiefs got their only score of the game with kicker Justin Medlock nailing a 27-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Texans sealed the victory with Brown kicking a 28-yard field goal.
Matt Schaub, in his Texans debut, went 16 of 22 for 225 yards with 1 touchdown and 1 interception.
With the win, Houston began their season at 1–0.
Week 2: at Carolina Panthers.
Following their home win over the Chiefs, the Texans flew to Bank of America Stadium for their Week 2 match-up against the Carolina Panthers. In the first quarter, Houston trailed early as QB Jake Delhomme hooked up with WR Steve Smith for a 7-yard and a 12-yard TD pass. Houston would respond with QB Matt Schaub completing a 31-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson. In the second quarter, Schaub and Johnson would hook up with each other again on a 9-yard TD pass. The Texans would take the lead prior to halftime with kicker Kris Brown getting a 25-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston increased its lead with RB Ahman Green getting a 13-yard TD run. On the following kickoff, Panthers FB Nick Goings would fumble the ball, causing it to roll into Carolina's end zone, where WR Kevin Walter would land on it for a touchdown, giving a huge momentum swing towards the Texans. In the fourth quarter, Houston would out the game out of reach with Brown kicking a 33-yard field goal. The Panthers would muster up one last score as Delhomme completed a pass to Smith, who would break off many Texans defenders and go 74 yards for a touchdown. In the end, Houston would hold on to win.
With the win, not only did the Texans begin their season at 2–0 for the first time in franchise history, but their 34 points in one game also became a franchise record.
Week 3: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
Following an impressive win over the Panthers, the Texans went home for an AFC South duel with the defending Super Bowl champions, the Indianapolis Colts (who Houston won against last time at home). In the first quarter, the Texans delivered the first punch with WR Jerome Mathis returning a kickoff 84 yards for a touchdown. However, the Colts responded with QB Peyton Manning completing a 2-yard TD pass to TE Dallas Clark. In the second quarter, Houston retook the lead with kicker Kris Brown getting a 33-yard field goal. However, Indianapolis went ahead with RB Joseph Addais 4-yard TD run.
In the third quarter, the Colts managed to put the Texans in a huge hole with kicker Adam Vinatieri's 36-yard field goal, Addai's 8-yard TD run, and Vinatieri's 28-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Houston tried a comeback with RB Samkon Gado's 1-yard TD run. Indianapolis would get their final score of the game with Vinatieri kicking a 35-yard field goal. The Texans drew close with QB Matt Schaub's 1-yard TD pass to RB Vonta Leach. However, the Colts managed to hold on to win.
With the loss, Houston fell to 2–1.
Week 4: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional home loss to the Colts, the Texans flew to the Georgia Dome for an interconference battle with the winless Atlanta Falcons, where QB Matt Schaub would fight against his former team.
In the first quarter, Houston trailed early as Falcons kicker Morten Andersen nailed a 28-yard field goal. The Texans managed to take the lead with Schaub completing a 35-yard TD pass to WR André Davis. However, Atlanta regained the lead with QB Joey Harrington completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Michael Jenkins In the second quarter, Houston's current woes continued with Harrington and Jenkins hooking up with each other again as 7-yard TD pass, along with Andersen kicking a 22-yard field goal. The Texans got their only score of the period with kicker Kris Brown nailing a 42-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston kept closer with a 37-yard field goal, but the Falcons eventually responded with Andersen kicking a 36-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Texans again crept closer with Brown getting a 19-yard field. Yet again, Atlanta replied with Andersen kicking a 46-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Falcons held on to get their first win of the year.
With their second-straight loss, the Texans fell to 2–2.
Week 5: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak, the Texans returned home for a Week 5 duel with the winless Miami Dolphins. In the first quarter, Houston took the early lead with RB Ron Dayne getting a 1-yard TD run. However, the Dolphin answered with kicker Jay Feely getting a 23-yard field goal, along with RB Ronnie Brown getting a 3-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the Texans' recent struggles continued as Miami managed to get 40-yard and a 33-yard field goal from Feely. The Texans would end the half with kicker Kris Brown getting a 54-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston began to retaliate with Brown nailing a 43-yard and a 54-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Dolphins managed to get a 48-yard field goal. Fortunately, the Texans would snap their two-game skid with Brown nailing a 20-yard field goal, along with an astounding 57-yard field goal.
With the win, the Texans improved to 3–2.
Week 6: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Coming off their home win over the Dolphins, the Texans flew to Jacksonville Municipal Stadium for a Week 6 AFC South showdown with the Jacksonville Jaguars. In the first quarter, Houston struck first with kicker Kris Brown getting a 20-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Texans increased its lead with Brown kicking a 35-yard field goal. However, the Jaguars took the lead with QB David Garrard completing a 1-yard TD pass to TE George Wrighster, along with kicker John Carney getting a 37-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston continued to trail as Garrard completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Reggie Williams (with a blocked PAT). The Texans would respond with Brown getting a 33-yard field goal. However, in the fourth quarter, Jacksonville would pull away with RB Maurice Jones-Drew getting a 7-yard TD run, LB Daryl Smith returning a fumble 77 yards for a touchdown, and Jones-Drew getting a 57-yard TD run. Houston's only response would be back-up QB Sage Rosenfels completing a 1-yard TD pass to FB Vonta Leach.
With the loss, the Texans fell to 3–3.
So far this year, Houston is 1–3 without WR Andre Johnson, who was still recovering from injuries.
Week 7: vs. Tennessee Titans.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional road loss to the Jaguars, the Texans went home for a Week 7 AFC South showdown with the Tennessee Titans. In the first quarter, the Titans struck first with kicker Rob Bironas getting a 52-yard field goal. Houston would respond with LB DeMeco Ryans returning a fumble 26 yards for a touchdown. However, Tennessee would answer with Bironas getting a 25-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Houston began to struggle as the Titans increased its lead with Bironas kicking a 21-yard field goal, RB LenDale White getting a 1-yard TD run, and even Bironas with a 30-yard and a 28-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Texans continued to struggle as Bironas gave Tennessee a 43-yard field goal, while RB Chris Henry got a 4-yard TD run. However, in the fourth quarter, Houston began to fight back. It began with QB Sage Rosenfels completing a 7-yard TD pass to WR David Anderson. It continued with Rosenfels' 6-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Walter. The Titans would get a 29-yard field goal by Bironas. Afterwards, the Texans continued its comeback with Rosenfels completing a 7-yard TD pass to TE Jeb Putzier and a 53-yard TD pass to WR André Davis. Unfortunately, Tennessee would get the last-second win as Bironas barely made a 29-yard field goal, making him the very first kicker in NFL history to get 8 field goals in one game.
With their second-straight loss, Houston fell to 3–4.
Week 8: at San Diego Chargers.
Trying to snap a two-game skid, the Texans flew to Qualcomm Stadium for a Week 8 intraconference game against the San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter, Houston's recent struggles continued as Chargers QB Philip Rivers completed a 49-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates. Later, a goof-up on special teams led to more points as a high punt snap went into the end zone. Punter Matt Turk was unable to fall on the ball and San Diego CB Antonio Cromartie managed to recover it for a touchdown. In the second quarter, the Texans got on the board with kicker Kris Brown nailing a 40-yard field goal. However, the Chargers continued their beatdown with Rivers and Gates hooking up again on a 31-yard TD pass. Later, San Diego increased its lead with Cromartie returning an interception 70 yards for a touchdown, along with Rivers completing a 14-yard TD pass to WR Chris Chambers.
After a scoreless third quarter, Houston tried to come back, as QB Sage Rosenfels completed a 28-yard TD to TE Joel Dreessen in the fourth quarter. That was as close to the Chargers as they got.
With their third-straight loss, the Texans fell to 3–5.
Starting QB Matt Schaub (11/18 for 77 yards and 2 interceptions) left the game in the second quarter with a concussion, after getting a late hit from San Diego CB Drayton Florence.
The team is now 1–5 without WR Andre Johnson.
Week 9: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Trying to snap a three-game skid, the Texans flew to McAfee Coliseum for a Week 9 intraconference duel with the Oakland Raiders. With QB Matt Schaub out with a concussion, back-up QB Sage Rosenfels got the start.
In the first quarter, Houston drew first blood as RB Ahman Green got an 8-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Texans continued to roll over the Raiders as RB Ron Dayne got a 14-yard TD run, while kicker Kris Brown nailed a 40-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Oakland finally managaed to respond as kicker Sebastian Janikowski managed to get a 22-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Raiders drew closer as RB Justin Fargas got a 1-yard TD run. Fortunately, Houston took control with Rosenfels completing a 42-yard TD pass to WR André Davis. Oakland's only response was QB Josh McCown completing a 28-yard TD pass to WR Tim Dwight.
With their three-game skid snapped, the Texans entered their bye week at 4–5.
The win also kept Houston unbeaten (3–0) against the Raiders.
Week 11: vs. New Orleans Saints.
Coming off their bye week, the Texans were at home for a Week 11 interconference duel with the New Orleans Saints. In the first quarter, Houston trailed early as Saints kicker Olindo Mare completed a 52-yard field goal. Fortunately, the Texans responded with QB Matt Schaub completing a 73-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson. In the second quarter, New Orleans regained the lead with QB Drew Brees completing a 6-yard TD pass to WR Devery Henderson. Fortunately, Houston would reply with Schaub completing a 10-yard TD pass to TE Joel Dreesen, along with kicker Kris Brown getting a 36-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Texans took control in the fourth quarter as Brown nailed a 53-yard and a 23-yard field goal.
With the win, the Texans (for the first time in franchise history) improved to 5–5.
Andre Johnson, in his first game back from injuries, had an impressive day with 6 receptions for 120 yards and 1 touchdown.
DE Mario Williams had a big game, as he had 6 tackles, a sack, and a forced fumble.
Week 12: at Cleveland Browns.
Coming off their home win over the Saints, the Texans flew to Cleveland Browns Stadium for a Week 12 duel with the Cleveland Browns. In the first quarter, Houston shot first as QB Matt Schaub completed a 17-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Walter for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Browns got on the board as QB Derek Anderson completed a 19-yard TD pass to WR Braylon Edwards. The Texans would regain the lead as kicker Kris Brown managed to get a 41-yard field goal. However, Cleveland would regain the lead as Anderson completed a 7-yard TD pass to TE Kellen Winslow.
In the third quarter, Houston started to fall behind as Browns kicker Phil Dawson managed to get a 25-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Cleveland sealed the win with Dawson nailing a 27-yard field goal and RB Jamal Lewis getting a 1-yard TD run. The Texans' only response would be Schaub's 6-yard TD pass to TE Owen Daniels.
With the loss, Houston fell to 5–6.
The Browns defense managed to hold Andre Johnson to a season-low 3 receptions for 37 yards.
Week 13: at Tennessee Titans.
Hoping ro rebound from their road loss to the Browns, the Texans flew to LP Field for a Week 13 AFC South rematch with the Tennessee Titans. In the first quarter, Houston got the first punch as RB Ron Dayne got a 1-yard TD run. The Titans would respond with RB LenDale White getting a 1-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Houston regained the lead with kicker Kris Brown getting a 45-yard field goal for the only score of the period.
In the third quarter, the Tennessee took the lead with QB Vince Young completing a 43-yard TD pass to WR Roydell Williams, along with an 11-yard TD pass to WR Justin Gage. In the fourth quarter, the Texans tried to get a comeback as QB Sage Rosenfels completed a 28-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson, yet the Titans responded with RB Chris Brown getting a 7-yard TD run. Houston tried to come back and take the lead, but their only response was Browns' 50-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Texans fell to 5–7. They have now lost 7 out of their last 8 divisional road games.
QB Matt Schaub (3/5 for 34 yards) was knocked out of the game in the first quarter with a left shoulder injury.
Week 14: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Trying to snap a two-game losing skid, the Texans went home for a Week 14 interconference duel with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In the first quarter, Houston drew first blood as QB Sage Rosenfels completed a 4-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Buccaneers got on the board with RB Earnest Graham getting a 4-yard TD run. Afterwards, Houston answered with Rosenfels completing an 8-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Walter.
In the third quarter, the Texans immediately increased their lead as WR André Davis returned the half's opening kickoff 97 yards for a touchdown. Tampa Bay would respond with Graham getting an 11-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Houston ended the game with Rosenfels completing a 4-yard TD passe to TE Owen Daniels.
With the win, the Texans improved to 6–7.
For DE Mario Williams (the 1st pick of last year's draft), his 1 sack in the game increased his season total to a franchise-best 9.5 sacks.
Week 15: vs. Denver Broncos.
Coming off their impressive home win over the Buccaneers, the Texans stayed at home, donned their battle red alternates, and played a Thursday night intraconference duel with the Denver Broncos. In the first quarter, Houston drew first blood as QB Sage Rosenfels got a 5-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Broncos got on the board with kicker Jason Elam getting a 41-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Texans responded with kicker Kris Brown getting a 41-yard field goal. Denver would end the half as Elam nailed a 47-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston replied with RB Ron Dayne getting a 6-yard TD run. Denver would answer with QB Jay Cutler completing a 12-yard TD pass to TE Tony Scheffler. In the fourth quarter, the Texans pulled away as Rosenfels completed a 4-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson, while FB Vonta Leach managed to get a 1-yard TD run.
With the win, Houston improved to 7–7. The game marked the only appearance of the Texans on primetime television of the season, their first since 2005, and the first game in 2007 played with the roof open.
Week 16: at Indianapolis Colts.
Coming off an impressive blowout of the Denver Broncos, the Texans packed up and traveled to Indianapolis to do battle with their division rival. Houston drew first blood with as QB Sage Rosenfels threw a 17-yard TD pass to Kevin Walter. The Colts responded to the TD with a 29 yard Vinatieri field goal. The Colts, who got off to a slow start in the 1st Quarter, scored 3 TDs in the 2nd quarter, a 2-yard TD run by Joseph Addai and two Peyton Manning TD passes to tight end Dallas Clark. In the 3rd quarter, the Colts continued to pull away from the struggling Texans. Clifton Dawson scored a 4-yard TD Run and Manning passed to Reggie Wayne for a 7 yard TD. In the 4th quarter, the Colts put in backups and QB Sage Rosenfels threw a 6-yard TD to Andre Johnson and Darius Walker rushed up the middle for the 2-Point Conversion. The Texans fell 38–15, ending their 2-game win streak and hopes for their first winning season.
With the loss, the Texans fell to 7–8.
Week 17: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Hoping to end their season on a high note, the Texans went home and played a Week 17 AFC South rematch with the Jacksonville Jaguars (who were playing mainly with backups, due to them already clinching a playoff berth).
In the first quarter, Houston trailed early as QB Quinn Gray completed a 22-yard TD pass to WR Reggie Williams for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Texans took the lead with RB Ron Dayne getting a 2-yard TD run and QB Sage Rosenfels completing a 2-yard TD pass to TE Owen Daniels. Jacksonville would tie the game with Gray completing a 6-yard TD pass to WR Ernest Wilford. Afterwards, Houston immediately responded with WR André Davis returning a kickoff 97 yards for a touchdown.
In the third quarter, the Texans increased their lead as Davis returned the second half's opening kickoff 104 yards for a touchdown. In doing so, Davis became the 7th player in NFL history to return two kickoffs for touchdowns in the same game. Afterwards, Houston kept its momentum going with Dayne getting a 12-yard TD run. The Jaguars would respond with Gray complting a 5-yard TD pass to WR Matt Jones. In the fourth quarter, the Texans pulled away with RB Darius Walker getting a 1-yard TD run. Jacksonville would end the game with Gray and Wilford hooking up with each other again on a 17-yard TD pass.
With the win, Houston finished its season at 8–8.
For the year, the Texans scored a total of 43 touchdowns and managed to get 8 wins on the year (both franchise records).

</doc>
<doc id="9925020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925020" title="Beyond Thee Infinite Beat">
Beyond Thee Infinite Beat

Beyond Thee Infinite Beat (subtitled "Ravemaster Mixes") is a remix album by Psychic TV. The album is composed of remixed songs from "Towards Thee Infinite Beat".
Track listing.
12" vinyl version.
Side A
Side B
Side C
Side D

</doc>
<doc id="9925025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925025" title="PMD (rapper)">
PMD (rapper)

Parrish J. Smith (born May 13, 1968), better known as PMD (Parish Mic Doc), is an east coast rapper from Smithtown, Long Island and one-half of EPMD.
PMD, who attended Brentwood High School, currently resides in Bay Shore, New York. He is a member of the rap group, EPMD with Erick Sermon. He has released three solo albums, 1994's Shade Business, 1996's Business Is Business and 2003's The Awakening. Also, in 2002, he released an album with Japanese hip hop luminary DJ Honda titled "Underground Connection". Recently, he has been on tour throughout the US and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9925043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925043" title="The Burns Sisters">
The Burns Sisters

The Burns Sisters are an American folk music group from Ithaca, New York known for their tight harmonies. The group has performed and recorded in various sibling constellations, currently consisting of sisters Marie and Annie. They have toured with Arlo Guthrie providing backup vocals and occasionally performing as his opening act.
Early life.
The Burn Sisters were raised as members of a large Irish Catholic family of 12 children in Binghamton, New York. Their music has been influenced by their father's political activism and their mother's background as classically trained opera singer. Singing, playing, and writing music was a family tradition.
Career.
The Burns Sisters' professional musical career began when several of the sisters moved to Ithaca, New York where they originally sang with the David Kent Band. One of their earliest successes was when their music appeared in the Louis Malle film Atlantic City as a result of family members who had Hollywood connections. As a quintet made up of sisters Marie, Annie, Jeannie, Sheila, and Terry, the band released "The Burns Sisters Band" (1986), and "Endangered Species" (1989) before splitting up for a few years. In 1993 the quintet released "Songs of the Heart" before older sisters Terry and Sheila dropped out to devote more time to their families. Agreeing to continue as a trio, Annie, Marie and Jeannie switched their focus to acoustic music.
Marie and Annie have been the primary writers and producers of the group. Most performances are with a full band which includes a dobro player, guitarist, and Marie Burns on mandolin.
In 1995 they signed with Rounder/Philo Records and went on to release four albums for the label over the next several years, including 1996's holiday album titled "Tradition: Holiday Songs Old and New" which was reviewed for the Folk and Acoustic Music Exchange. Their 1997 album "In This World" was produced by bassist Garry Tallent who added a dash of rock to their sound.
In 2004 The Burns Sisters met Arlo Guthrie at the Woody Guthrie Folk Festival. This meeting resulted in the sisters touring with Arlo in 2005 on his "Arlo Guthrie and Friends Ridin' on the City of New Orleans - Benefiting Victims of Katrina" tour and again on his "The Lost World Tour" in 2008-09.
In 2012, the Burns Sisters released the album, "The Hills of Ithaca". The title was inspired by a 1947 Woody Guthrie poem which the Burn Sisters sisters put to music after being given the unpublished version by Woody's daughter, Nora Guthrie. The album also includes Bob Childers' song, "Prisoner of the Promised Land" written in Okemah, Oklahoma, while attending the Woody Guthrie Folk Festival. The album includes two songs by Jeannie Burns: "Underbelly Blues" which she co-wrote with Andrew Hardin – her partner in the duo Hardin Burns – and “Your Kiss,” which she wrote with Hardin and her sister, Marie.
Jeannie Burns left the band in 2013 to study guitar and songwriting, with Marie and Annie now performing as a duo.

</doc>
<doc id="9925071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925071" title="Concert Companion">
Concert Companion

The Concert Companion was a hand-held device intended to enhance concert experiences by presenting information that complements the music while the music is being performed. Using wireless technology, the Concert Companion delivered explanatory text, program notes and video images in real time with the music. The Concert Companion was developed under the auspices of the Kansas City Symphony by former executive director Roland Valliere.
Testing.
Testing of the Concert Companion took place with the New York Philharmonic, Philadelphia Orchestra, Pittsburgh Symphony, Aspen Music Festival, Kansas City Symphony and Oakland East Bay Symphony. It was featured at the Association of British Orchestras Conference in Birmingham, England (February 2005) and at the "Wall Street Journal"'s "D: All Things Digital" executive conference in Carlsbad, California (June 2004).
Media coverage.
Feature articles about the Concert Companion appeared in "The New York Times", "Wall Street Journal", "USA Today", "Boston Globe", "The Times", "Toronto Star" and other national and international publications; feature segments aired on National Public Radio ("All Things Considered"), CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation) and BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation).
Funding.
Funding for the Concert Companion was received from the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation and the David and Lucile Packard Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9925085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925085" title="Rachel Cleland">
Rachel Cleland

Dame Rachel Cleland, DBE (19 January 1906 – 18 April 2002), born Rachel Evans, was an Australian expatriate community and social welfare worker in Papua New Guinea.
Born in Perth, Australia in 1906, the eldest of six children, Rachel Cleland lived an active life which was centred around politics and community organisations. She was a niece of the West Australian feminist, Bessie Wishworth 
Rachel Cleland's background and her later training and work as a kindergarten teacher stood her in good stead for the expatriate life she eventually embarked on in Papua New Guinea. Her husband, Sir Donald Cleland, was Administrator of Papua New Guinea from 1951 until 1966. Donald Cleland was one of the founding members of the Australian Liberal Party. 
Rachel Cleland contributed to organisations such as the Red Cross, Girl Guides Association of Papua New Guinea, Country Women's Association, and Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA) as well as the integral role she played in establishing pre-schools throughout Papua New Guinea. Sir Donald died in 1975, two weeks before Papua New Guinea's independence ceremonies. Rachel stayed for a further three years before eventually returning to Australia.
In her later years Dame Rachel was very vocal on her opposition to the logging of old-growth forests. 
By then she had lived in Papua New Guinea for 27 years. She continued to make trips from Australia to Papua New Guinea
for almost the rest of her life, making a total of eight visits between 1979 and 2000.
Honours.
Rachel Cleland was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1959 and a Commander of the Order (CBE) in 1966 for her work with women and children. 
In 1980 Rachel Cleland became the only western woman to be appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) by the government of Papua New Guinea for services to the country she had lived in for so much of her adult life. She was honoured for the volunteer work she did for many Papua New Guinea organisations and for helping involve women in public affairs.
At 90, Dame Rachel Cleland was still keeping audiences entertained with her words of wisdom born of a life of political activism and community work. 
Death.
Dame Rachel died peacefully in Goondiwindi, Queensland, aged 96, on 18 April 2002, after a heart attack. She had only a week earlier moved there from Perth to be near her son, Evan, and his family.
Quotes.
'I enjoy now whatever is happening - my idea is you can't enjoy tomorrow, and you can only enjoy yesterday if you are enjoying today.' (R. Cleland)

</doc>
<doc id="9925092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925092" title="Ferdinando Camon">
Ferdinando Camon

Ferdinando Camon (born in Montagnana 1935) is a contemporary Italian writer. He is married to a journalist and has two sons: Alessandro Camon, a film producer/writer who lives in Los Angeles, and Alberto, who teaches criminal procedure and lives in Bologna. He has contributed to a number of Italian and foreign daily newspapers, including "La Stampa", "l'Unità", "Avvenire", "Le Monde" and "La Nación".
Perhaps Camon's best known work in English is his trilogy of fictional memoirs consisting of "The Fifth Estate" ("Il Quinto Stato"), "Life Everlasting" ("La Vita Eterna"), and "Memorial" ("Un altare per la madre").

</doc>
<doc id="9925103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925103" title="Water supply and sanitation in Bolivia">
Water supply and sanitation in Bolivia

Bolivia’s drinking water and sanitation coverage has greatly improved since 1990 due to a considerable increase in sectoral investment. However, the country continues to suffer from what happens to be the continent’s lowest coverage levels and from low quality of services. Political and institutional instability have contributed to the weakening of the sector’s institutions at the national and local levels. Two concessions to foreign private companies in two of the three largest cities — Cochabamba and La Paz/El Alto — were prematurely ended in 2000 and 2006 respectively. The country’s second largest city, Santa Cruz de la Sierra, relatively successfully manages its own water and sanitation system by way of cooperatives. The government of Evo Morales intends to strengthen citizen participation within the sector. Increasing coverage requires a substantial increase of investment financing.
According to the government the main problems in the sector are low access to sanitation throughout the country; low access to water in rural areas; insufficient and ineffective investments; a low visibility of community service providers; a lack of respect of indigenous customs; "technical and institutional difficulties in the design and implementation of projects"; a lack of capacity to operate and maintain infrastructure; an institutional framework that is "not consistent with the political change in the country"; "ambiguities in the social participation schemes"; a reduction in the quantity and quality of water due to climate change; pollution and a lack of integrated water resources management; and the lack of policies and programs for the reuse of wastewater.
Access.
"Source": Joint Monitoring Program for Water Supply and Sanitation by WHO and UNICEF
The above figures on sanitation exclude share latrines, which are not considered as improved sanitation facilities by the Joint Monitoring Program for Water Supply and Sanitation which monitors the Millennium Development Goals for the United Nations. If shared facilities were included, access to sanitation would be 81% urban and 27% in rural areas.
The lowest levels of coverage are found in the departments of Pando, Potosí, and Oruro.
Quality of service.
The quality of service in the majority of the country’s water and sanitation systems is low. In 2000, according to the WHO, in only 26% of the urban systems water was disinfected and only 25% of the collected wastewater was treated.
Recent developments.
In the last decades, frequent changes of government resulted in several restructurings of the institutional framework to face the problems of the sector. Consequently, it seems difficult to draw up a long-term continuous and sustainable sector policy.
The 1990s: Privatization and regulation.
In 1999, during the second mandate of Hugo Banzer (1997–2001), the sectoral institutional framework law (Law 2029) established the legal framework for the sector that is in force today. It allows for private sector participation and formalized SISAB as a regulator (SISAB replaced the former Superintendencia de Agua created in 1997). During that period two major concessions for water and sanitation were granted to the private sector: One in La Paz/El Alto to the Aguas de Illimani S.A. (AISA), a subsidiary of the French Suez (formerly Lyonnaise des Eaux) in 1997; and a second one in Cochabamba to Aguas de Tunari, a subsidiary of the multinationals Biwater and Bechtel in 1999.
Following two popular uprisings against water privatization, the first in Cochabamba in April 2000 and the second in La Paz/El Alto in January 2005, which centered on natural gas concessions, the two water concessions were terminated. In the latter case, Aguas de Illimani was replaced by the public utility Empresa Pública Social de Agua y Saneamiento (EPSAS), which came under severe criticism in 2008 due to water shortages, accounting errors, tariff increases and poor disaster preparedness. Consequently, representatives of the La Paz neighborhood association announced to create their own service provider.
The Bolivian Norm NB 688, an important technical norm for the design and construction of sewage and sanitation, was revised in 2001. The revised norm permits the installation of more efficient and of lower cost condominial sewerage systems and helps to increase sanitation coverage with limited funds.
Furthermore, the government defined the National Plan for Basic Sanitation Services 2001-2010 to increase the water and sanitation access to improve the quality of service and promote their sustainability. 
Evo Morales government: popular participation.
In 2006 the MAS won the elections and Evo Morales became president of the Republic. "Water cannot be a private business because it converts it into a merchandise and thus violates human rights. Water is a resource and should be a public service," emphasized president-elect Morales. The new president created the Water Ministry (see below) and nominated a leader of the protests in El Alto against Aguas de Illimani as the country's first water minister. He nominated Luis Sánchez-Gómez Cuquerella, who was formerly an activist of the struggle against the privatization in Cochabamba, as vice-minister of Basic Services. In May 2006 the government dissolved the regulatory agency SISAB, saying that it failed to properly regulate tariffs and that it lacked accountability.
The government of Evo Morales considers passing a new water and sanitation services law called “Water for Life”. According to vice-minister Rene Orellana, under this law the legal concept of the concession would be eliminated. A preferential electricity tariff would be introduced for EPSAs and community water rights would be strengthened.
In 2008 the government published a National Basic Sanitation Plan that analyzes the main problems in the sector, puts forward a vision, sets targets (90% access to water and 80% access to sanitation by 2015) and defines the investments needed to achieve the targets (US$ 283 million per year). These figures include investments for the reuse of wastewater and to adapt to climate change.
Responsibilities for water and sanitation.
The sector’s institutional framework is the Law #2029 of 1999, or Water and Sanitation Services Law, revised in 2000 as Law #2066. As mentioned above in “Recent Developments”, the Morales government is contemplating a new water and sanitation services law, named “Water for Life”.
Policies.
Policies are set by the government; within the government the Vice-Ministry of Basic Sanitation in the Ministry of Environment and Water and is in charge of setting water policies. Another Vice-Ministry in the same ministry is in charge of water resources management and irrigation. Before 2006 these sectors were under different ministries, notably the Ministry of Housing and Basic Services and the Ministry of the Environment.
Provision of services.
In urban areas, municipal governments (either directly or through decentralized companies) are in charge of service provision as well as the development of plans and programs for service expansion in areas under their jurisdiction, in coordination with departmental governments. 
In some cities, cooperatives (utilities owned by their consumers) are in charge of water supply and sanitation service provision. SAGUAPAC in Santa Cruz is the largest consumer cooperative utility in the world. According to the World Bank, its performance indicators place it among the best water utilities in Latin America.
The country has 9 departments and 327 municipalities. It also has 14 water and sanitation providers, which are called Empresas Prestadores de Servicios de Agua Potable y Alcantarillado (EPSA) in the largest cities. In 1982, the EPSAs have formed the National Association of Water and Sewage Companies (ANESAPA). 
In rural areas Juntas or Water Committees are in charge of operating and maintaining the systems.
Financial aspects.
Investment.
In the 1980s investment in the sector was below US$20 million per year. Starting in 1990, this average increased to approximately US$40 million. In 1999, when US$69.4 million were invested the annual investment reached its peak. After 2000 investments dropped back again (see table below)
Sources of financing.
Between 1992 and 2000, 58% of investments were externally financed (mainly from the IDB, World Bank, Japanese JICA and the German KfW), 17% by municipal governments, 8% by the private sector and 17% by departmental governments.
Financing mechanisms.
In 2004 the government of President Carlos Mesa defined a new Sectoral Financial Policy. The EPSA would receive credits and transfers for investments for participating in a Plan for Institutional Modernization (PMI) and establishing an Integral Development Plan (PID). Resources are assigned to each EPSA with priority to those with larger poverty levels and lower levels of coverage, according to a mathematic formula called Asignador Financiero Sectoral (AFS). The subsidies are higher and the conditions of loans less onerous to the EPSA with lower coverage and higher levels of poverty. The National Fund for Regional Development (FNDR) is the government’s instrument for the targeting of loans destined for water and sanitation investments.
The Foundation for the Support to Sustainable Basic Sanitation (FUNDASAB) channels technical assistance to services to promote their sustainability.
In popular culture.
The water supply issue in Bolivia was the main theme of the James Bond movie "Quantum of Solace". The story was based on the Cochabamba Water Revolt.

</doc>
<doc id="9925108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925108" title="Neprilysin">
Neprilysin

Neprilysin, also known as membrane metallo-endopeptidase (MME), neutral endopeptidase (NEP), cluster of differentiation 10 (CD10), and common acute lymphoblastic leukemia antigen (CALLA) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the MME gene. Neprilysin is a zinc-dependent metalloprotease that cleaves peptides at the amino side of hydrophobic residues and inactivates several peptide hormones including glucagon, enkephalins, substance P, neurotensin, oxytocin, and bradykinin. It also degrades the amyloid beta peptide whose abnormal misfolding and aggregation in neural tissue has been implicated as a cause of Alzheimer's disease. Synthesized as a membrane-bound protein, the neprilysin ectodomain is released into the extracellular domain after it has been transported from the Golgi apparatus to the cell surface.
Neprilysin is expressed in a wide variety of tissues and is particularly abundant in kidney. It is also a common acute lymphocytic leukemia antigen that is an important cell surface marker in the diagnosis of human acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL). This protein is present on leukemic cells of pre-B phenotype, which represent 85% of cases of ALL.
Hematopoetic Progenitors expressing CD10 are considered "Common Lymphoid Progenitors," which means they can differentiate into T, B or Natural Killer cells. CD10 is of use in hematological diagnosis since it is expressed by early B, pro-B and pre-B lymphocytes, and by lymph node germinal centers. Hematologic diseases in which it is positive include ALL, angioimmunoblastic T cell lymphoma, Burkitt lymphoma, CML in blast crisis (90%), diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (variable), follicular center cells (70%), hairy cell leukemia (10%), and myeloma (some). It tends to be negative in AML, CLL, mantle cell lymphoma, and marginal zone lymphoma. CD10 is found on non-T ALL cells, which derive from pre-B lymphocytes, and in germinal center-related non-Hodgkin lymphoma such as Burkitt lymphoma and follicular lymphoma, but not on leukemia cells or lymphomas, which originate in more mature B cells.
Amyloid beta regulation.
Neprilysin-deficient knockout mice show both Alzheimer's-like behavioral impairment and amyloid-beta deposition in the brain, providing strong evidence for the protein's association with the Alzheimer's disease process. Because neprilysin is thought to be the rate-limiting step in amyloid beta degradation, it has been considered a potential therapeutic target; compounds such as the peptide hormone somatostatin have been identified that increase the enzyme's activity level. One hypothesis for the strong dependence of Alzheimer's incidence on age focuses on the declining production of somatostatin in the brains of elderly people, which thus depresses the activity of neprilysin and promotes aggregation of unprocessed amyloid beta. Declining neprilysin activity with increasing age may also be explained by oxidative damage, known to be a causative factor in Alzheimer's disease; higher levels of inappropriately oxidized neprilysin have been found in Alzheimer's patients compared to cognitively normal elderly people.
Signaling peptides.
Neprilysin is also associated with other biochemical processes, and is particularly highly expressed in kidney and lung tissues. Inhibitors have been designed with the aim of developing analgesic and antihypertensive agents that act by preventing neprilysin's activity against signaling peptides such as enkephalins, substance P, endothelin, and atrial natriuretic factor.
Associations have been observed between neprilysin expression and various types of cancer; however, the relationship between neprilysin expression and carcinogenesis remains obscure. In cancer biomarker studies, the neprilysin gene is often referred to as CD10 or CALLA. In some types of cancer, such as metastatic carcinoma and some advanced melanomas, neprilysin is overexpressed; in other types, most notably lung cancers, neprilysin is downregulated, and thus unable to modulate the pro-growth autocrine signaling of cancer cells via secreted peptides such as mammalian homologs related to bombesin.
Some plant extracts (methanol extracts of "Ceropegia rupicola", "Kniphofia sumarae", " Plectranthus cf barbatus", and an aqueous extract of "Pavetta longiflora") were found able to inhibit the enzymatic activity of neutral endopeptidase.
Immunochemistry.
CD10 is used in clinical pathology for diagnostic purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="9925110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925110" title="Command Post of the Future">
Command Post of the Future

The United States Army's Command Post of the Future (CPOF) is a C2 software system that allows commanders to maintain topsight over the battlefield; collaborate with superiors, peers and subordinates over live data; and communicate their intent.
Originally a DARPA technology demonstration, in 2006 CPOF became an Army Program of Record. It is managed by the Product Manager Tactical Mission Command at Aberdeen Proving Grounds, Maryland, and integrated with the Army's Maneuver Control System and other products. The prime contractor on the CPOF program is General Dynamics C4 Systems, which purchased the original developer of the software (MAYA Viz Ltd) in 2005.
Overview.
CPOF began as a DARPA investigation to improve command and control using networked information visualization systems, with the goal of doubling the speed and quality of command decisions. The system was developed in a research setting by Global Infotek, Inc.; ISX Corporation (now part of Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Laboratories); Oculus Info, Inc.; SYS Technologies, Inc.; and MAYA Viz (now part of General Dynamics C4 Systems) with the active participation of military personnel as subject matter experts.
CPOF is one of several examples of collaborative software, but intended specifically for use in a Command and Control capacity. A shared workspace is the main interface, in which every interface element in CPOF is a shared piece of data in a networked repository. Shared visual elements in CPOF include iconic representations of hard data, such as units, events, and tasks; visualization frameworks such as maps or schedule charts on which those icons appear; and brush-marks, ink-strokes, highlighting, notes and other annotation.
All visual elements in CPOF are interactive via drag-and-drop gestures. Users can drag data-elements and annotation from any visualization framework into any other (i.e., from a chart to a table), which reveal different data-attributes in context depending on the visualization used. Most data-elements can be grouped and nested via drag-and-drop to form associations that remain with the data in all of its views. Drag-and-drop composition on live visualizations is CPOF's primary mechanism for editing data values, such as locations on a map or tasks on a schedule (for example, moving an event-icon on a map changes the lat/lon values of that event in the shared repository; moving a task icon on a schedule changes its time-based values in the shared repository). The results of editing gestures are conveyed in real-time to all observers and users of a visualization; when one user moves an event on a map, for example, that event-icon moves on all maps and shared views, such that all users see its new location immediately. Data inputs from warfighters are conveyed to all collaborators as the "natural" result of a drop-gesture in-situ, requiring no explicit publishing mechanism.
CPOF is also used as a live-data alternative to PowerPoint briefings. During a CPOF briefing, commanders can drill into any data element in a high-level view to see details on demand, and view outliers or other elements of interest in different visual contexts without switching applications. Annotations and editing-gestures made during briefings become part of the shared repository. The commander's topsight is based on ground-truth at the moment of the briefing; the commander can then communicate intent on live data.
CPOF users at any level can assemble workspaces out of smaller tool-and-appliance primitives, allowing members of a collaborating group to organize their workflows according to their needs, without affecting or disrupting the views of other users. CPOF's Tool-and-appliance primitives are designed to let users create quick, throw-away mini-applications to meet their needs in-situ, supporting on-the-fly uses of the software that no developer or designer could have anticipated.
The CPOF software is based on the CoMotion platform, a proprietary commercial framework for building collaborative information visualization systems and domain-independent "decision communities". CoMotion's design principles originated as a research program at Carnegie Mellon University led by Steven Roth, and was subsequently developed at MAYA Viz Ltd and General Dynamics C4 Systems.
Operational Details.
CPOF uses a proprietary navigational style database based on U-forms to store, represent, and operate upon a wide variety of types of data. CPOF can receive real-time or near-real-time data from a variety of standard sources—such as GCCS-A, C2PC, and ABCS—and display them using MIL-STD-2525B symbols on maps and charts. Plans, schedules, notes, briefings, and other battle-related information can be composed and shared between warfighters. All maps, charts, pasteboards, and other work products can be marked up with permanent and/or fading ink, and annotated with text or "stickies" to provide further context. A VOIP solution is included, although it can integrate with a pre-existing voice solution.
Fault tolerance for low bandwidth, high latency, and/or error-prone TCP/IP networks is supported by CPOF's multi-tiered client-server architecture. It can thus be deployed on systems from a two-hop geosynchronous satellite link to a radio network such as JNN while remaining collaborative. The software is largely Java-based, but is only currently deployed on a Microsoft Windows platform.
Deployment.
CPOF was first deployed operationally in a handful of locations in Baghdad, Iraq by the 1st Cavalry Division of the US Army in 2004, and was subsequently deployed throughout Iraq and Afghanistan and used by coalition forces. Variants of CPOF have participated in United States Joint Forces Command's Urban Resolve 2015, the United States Air Force's Joint Expeditionary Force Experiment 06 and 08, and has been in use by the Marines in Combat Operation Centers since 2007.
CPOF became an official US Army program of record in 2006.
References.
2. Jacob Mowry, Lead Trainer

</doc>
<doc id="9925134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925134" title="1983 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom">
1983 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom

Women's Slalom World Cup 1982/1983
Final point standings.
In Women's Slalom World Cup 1982/83 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().

</doc>
<doc id="9925175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925175" title="Fred Ruiz Castro">
Fred Ruiz Castro

Fred Ruiz Castro (September 2, 1914 - April 19, 1979) was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from January 5, 1976 until his death on April 19, 1979 while on an official trip to India.
Personal life.
He was born to Dr. Santos Foronda Castro and Engracia Acosta Ruiz at Laoag, Ilocos Norte, the 9th of 13 children. He attended elementary school in his hometown and in Angeles, Pampanga. He finished high school in three years at the University of the Philippines (U.P.) in 1930. Justice Castro then obtained his Associates in Arts from the U.P. College of Liberal Arts in 1932, and LL.B from the U.P. College of Law in 1936, passing the bar examinations the same year. The following year of 1937, he earned a Ph.B in English, "cum laude". Justice Castro was a scholar, student, leader, debater, poet, writer, and editor-in-chief of the Philippine Collegian, 1935-1936.
Justice Castro was married to Natividad Hizon. Their children are Fred Ruiz Castro, Jr., Rowena Cristina Benipayo, Carlos Delano Castro, Frieda Teresita Castro "(deceased)", and Melisande Veronica Poblador.
Judicial career.
Castro was Judge Advocate General of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, until he was appointed Executive Secretary by President Ramon Magsaysay in 1954. He became an Associate Justice for the Court of appeals from 1956-1966 until he became Associate Justice of the Supreme Court on May 29, 1966. 
Achievements.
Castro was considered one of the advocates for the integration of the Philippine Bar, paving the way for the establishment of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines in the 1970s. He is also behind the creation of the Supreme Court Reports Annotated, which is currently the voluminous source of decisions of the Supreme Court used by practitioners and law students. 
The Martial Law Years.
Castro, together with Justice Querube Makalintal, was the ‘swing vote’ in the Ratification Cases which upheld the 1973 Constitution, which paved the way of extending Marcos’ regime. When the question of whether the petitioners are entitled to relief, the two justices answered ‘No’, thus upholding the 1973 Constitution and made legitimate the rule of Marcos and his power.
Castro approved of the Martial Law years, as reflected in his decisions / opinions and public statements. In one of the cases involving the writ of habeas corpus of Marcos critic Benigno Aquino, Jr., he said, in a concurring opinion, that the declaration of Martial Law automatically suspends the application of the said writ, thus effectively depriving the former senator of such privilege. 
In a speech to the 8th World Peace Through Law Conference held in Manila, Castro proclaimed: 
"“Martial law is known to the west as the drastic solution to a violent situation... In the Philippines, this primary purpose remains, but it has been enlarged to embrace also the extirpation of the ills and conditions which spawned the riot, the anarchy and the rebellion!”"

</doc>
<doc id="9925185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925185" title="Robert McIntosh">
Robert McIntosh

Robert McIntosh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9925193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925193" title="Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2008">
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2008

Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 2008 proceeded according to revised rules enacted in 2001 and further revamped in 2007. The Baseball Writers Association of America (BBWAA) held an election to select from among recent players. A restructured format for Veterans Committee voting resulted in the first successful election by that body since 2001, with five candidates earning induction, after the three elections in the intervening years failed to produce any inductees. Initially, the Veterans Committee was not scheduled to hold an election; the 2001 rules changes provided that elections for players retired over 20 years would be held every other year, with elections of non-players (managers, umpires and executives) held every fourth year. The Committee voted in 2007 in both areas, and an election for players was next held in 2009. Under the 2001 rules, the next election for non-players would have been conducted in 2011; however, the 2007 changes meant that elections of non-players would now be conducted for inductions in even-numbered years beginning in 2008, with managers and umpires elected from one ballot and executives from a separate ballot.
Induction ceremonies in Cooperstown were held July 27 with Commissioner Bud Selig presiding.
BBWAA election.
The BBWAA was again authorized to elect players active in 1988 or later, but not after 2002; the ballot, announced on November 26, 2007, included candidates from the 2007 ballot who received at least 5% of the vote but were not elected, along with selected players, chosen by a screening committee, whose last appearance was in 2002. All 10-year members of the BBWAA were eligible to vote.
Voters were instructed to cast votes for up to 10 candidates; any candidate who received votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall. Results of the 2008 election by the BBWAA were announced on January 8. The ballot consisted of 25 players, and over 575 ballots were distributed; they had to be returned by December 31, and votes were tabulated by BBWAA official Jack O'Connell along with Michael DiLecce, a partner in the Ernst & Young accounting firm. 543 ballots were cast (including 3 ballots which supported no candidates), two short of the record total of 2007, with 408 votes required for election. A total of 2,907 individual votes were cast, an average of 5.35 per ballot. Those candidates who received less than 5% of the vote will not appear on future BBWAA ballots, but may eventually be considered by the Veterans Committee.
Candidates who were eligible for the first time are indicated here with a †. Fourteen candidates returned from the 2007 ballot. The candidate who received at least 75% of the vote and was elected is indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been selected in subsequent elections are indicated in "italics". The candidates who received less than 5% of the vote, thus becoming ineligible for future BBWAA consideration, are indicated with a *.
Dave Concepción was on the ballot for the 15th and final time.
The newly-eligible candidates included 17 All-Stars, eight of whom were not included on the ballot, with only one (Tim Raines, with seven) who was selected more than five times. In contrast to the remarkably deep field of candidates in 2007, when those newly eligible had been named to the All-Star team a combined total of 103 times, the 2008 field of new candidates were selected a total of only 43 times. José Rijo, who appeared on the 2001 ballot before returning to the major leagues in 2001-2002, again became eligible. Darryl Kile, who died during the season, was included on the 2003 ballot under a standard provision for players who die before the five-year waiting period has elapsed; this same provision allowed Rod Beck (who played his last game in 2004 but died in 2007) to appear on the 2008 ballot.
The ballot included two Rookie of the Year Award winners: David Justice and Chuck Knoblauch.
Players eligible for the first time who were "not" included on the ballot were: Luis Alicea, Alex Arias, Andy Benes, Mike Benjamin, Dennis Cook, Delino DeShields, Darrin Fletcher, Rich Garcés, Chris Haney, Dave Hollins, Bobby J. Jones, Tom Lampkin, Darren Lewis, Mike Magnante, Dave Mlicki, Mike Morgan, Hipólito Pichardo, Armando Reynoso, Henry Rodríguez, Lee Stevens, Greg Swindell, Mike Trombley, John Valentin, Randy Velarde, Ed Vosberg, and Mark Wohlers.
Of the newly-eligible candidates, the only one who amassed enough votes to remain on the BBWAA ballot was Raines. This contrasts with the 2007 voting, when Cal Ripken, Jr. and Tony Gwynn were inducted at the first opportunity, and two other newcomers, Mark McGwire and Harold Baines, received enough votes to remain on the ballot. McGwire, who received 128 votes in 2007, got the same number of votes in 2008. Baines, whose 29 votes in 2007 kept him on the ballot by two votes, lost one vote in 2008, remaining on the ballot with exactly the minimum requirement.
Also notable was Jim Rice falling short of election, this time by 16 votes. He was on the ballot for the 15th and final time in , finally earning induction that year alongside newcomer Rickey Henderson.
Veterans Committee elections.
The Veterans Committee election process, radically changed in 2001, was revamped yet again in July 2007. The changes that most directly affected this election involved elections of non-players (managers, umpires and executives). Under the 2001 rules, elections of non-players would be held every fourth year on a "composite ballot". No candidate was elected from the composite ballot in 2003 or 2007.
With the 2007 rules changes, the composite ballot was split into two separate ballots—one for managers and umpires and the other for executives. Also, the voting membership of the Committee, which previously included all living members of the Hall, was now reduced to include just a handful of those members, plus additional executives and sportswriters (only one of whom had been among the previous electorate). Voting for both the managers/umpires and executives ballots will now take place prior to inductions in even-numbered years, starting with 2008. To be eligible, managers and umpires need to be retired for at least five years, or for at least six months if they are age 65 or older, while executives need to be either retired or at least age 65.
A Historical Overview Committee of eleven sportswriters appointed by the BBWAA's Board of Directors met to develop a ballot of 10 managers and umpires; the committee members were: Dave Van Dyck ("Chicago Tribune"), Bob Elliott ("Toronto Sun"), Rick Hummel ("St. Louis Post-Dispatch"), Steve Hirdt (Elias Sports Bureau), Moss Klein (Newark "Star-Ledger"), Bill Madden (New York "Daily News"), Ken Nigro (formerly "Baltimore Sun"), Jack O'Connell (MLB.com), Nick Peters ("The Sacramento Bee"), Tracy Ringolsby ("Rocky Mountain News") and Mark Whicker ("The Orange County Register"). The managers/umpires list was submitted to a 16-member panel composed of 10 Hall of Famers (8 players and 2 managers), 3 executives and 3 veteran media members for a final vote. A separate ballot of 10 executives was developed by a 12-member panel including 7 executives, 2 players and 3 writers, which was the same committee which did the final voting in that area. On November 8, 2007, the final ballots were released. Each panel member could vote for up to four individuals on each ballot, and each candidate who received 75% of the vote from either panel would be elected; therefore, a maximum of five inductions was possible from each ballot. Voting was conducted at baseball's winter meetings in Nashville, Tennessee on December 2, 2007, with the results announced on December 3; it was the first time since 2001 that the Committee met to discuss candidates, as the previous three elections had been conducted by mail.
Managers/umpires ballot.
The ballot for managers and umpires included seven managers (designated M) and three umpires (designated U), with 12 votes required for election. Candidates who received at least 75% of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been elected in later elections are indicated in "italics".
Southworth, who won four National League titles between 1942 and 1948, and Williams, who won American League titles in 1967 and 1972-73 and an NL flag in 1984, had been the only eligible managers with at least four league pennants who had not yet been elected to the Hall; Southworth's 1,044 career victories, however, were the fewest by any manager yet elected. The committee members apparently made an effort to vote for as many candidates as they were allowed, casting at least 58 of a possible 64 individual votes (vote totals for four candidates were not released). Herzog, Martin, Williams and Harvey had previously been on the final composite ballot in the 2007 election. Four of the candidates were still living; at the time the ballot was released, Williams was 78, Harvey 77, Herzog a day shy of his 76th birthday, and Johnson 64. Harvey was the only manager or umpire on the ballot who received majority support in 2007, receiving 52 votes from the 81 committee members who voted that year. The leading vote-getter among managers in 2007 was Williams, who received 30 votes; Herzog was just behind at 29. Harvey and Herzog would both live to be inducted in .
The election committee, which was announced on the same day as the ballot, included:
At the induction ceremonies, St. Louis Cardinals owner Bill DeWitt gave the speech to accept Southworth's induction.
Executives ballot.
On the executives ballot, 9 votes were required for election; those candidates who received at least 75% of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics:
Dreyfuss, who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1900 to 1932, and O'Malley, who owned the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers from 1950 to 1979, were the first National League owners since the 1880s to be elected to the Hall; Kuhn — who died in March 2007 after receiving just 17% of the vote in the January 2007 vote — had been the only eligible commissioner who served more than five years who had not yet been elected. As with the other committee, voters apparently tried to vote for as many candidates as they were allowed, casting at least 44 of a possible 48 individual votes (vote totals for three candidates were not released). Five of the 10 candidates (Bavasi, Kuhn, Miller, O'Malley and Paul) were holdovers from the 2007 composite ballot, with McHale (who was then a member of the voting committee) being the only one who was not on the initial 2007 list of 60 candidates. The four candidates then living (Bavasi, Howsam, McHale and Miller) were all age 86 or older; Bavasi, Howsam and McHale all died within five months of the election. Miller's 51 votes on the 2007 ballot were second overall to Harvey and tops among executives, and made him the only executive to earn majority support that year.
The election committee, which was announced on the same day as the ballot, included:
After the elections, various observers expressed skepticism over the failure to elect Marvin Miller, especially given the selection of Kuhn, his longtime bargaining adversary. It was noted that Miller had received 51 votes (out of 81) in the January 2007 election to Kuhn's 14, when all but one of the 84 eligible voters were former players, managers or members of the media; only two had been former executives, including one (McHale) who had previously played in the major leagues, and one former general manager (Lee MacPhail, father of 2008 committee member Andy). Miller had also outpolled Kuhn in the 2003 election by a 35-20 margin. In contrast, half of the 2008 committee was made up of six executives who had never been players, serving almost exclusively as team chairmen or CEOs (Andy MacPhail was the sole general manager), and this panel instead favored Kuhn by a 10-3 margin. Miller himself noted that he was unsurprised by the outcome, given the makeup of the revised committee, saying, "This was done with precision. If you have a set goal in mind, and I think they did, it's not very hard. I'm so able to count votes in advance. Nothing has dimmed with age. No matter how various people involved in the Hall try to put a different gloss on it, it was done primarily to have somebody elected and secondarily to have particular people elected. I don't think this election was about me." He added, "I think it was rigged, but not to keep me out. It was rigged to bring some of these in. It's not a pretty picture. It's demeaning, the whole thing, and I don't mean just to me. It's demeaning to the Hall and demeaning to the people in it."
At the induction ceremonies, Andrew Dreyfuss gave the speech to accept the induction of his great-grandfather Barney, former Dodgers owner Peter O'Malley accepted his father Walter's induction, and Paul Degener accepted the induction of his adoptive stepfather Bowie Kuhn.
J. G. Taylor Spink Award.
Larry Whiteside received the J. G. Taylor Spink Award honoring a baseball writer. (The award was voted at the December 2007 meeting of the BBWAA but dated 2008 in a break from previous practice that gives a misleading appearance of skipping one year.) 
The Spink Award has been presented by the BBWAA at the annual summer induction ceremonies since 1962. It recognizes a sportswriter "for meritorious contributions to baseball writing". The recipients are not members of the Hall of the Fame, merely featured in a permanent exhibit at the National Baseball Museum, but writers and broadcasters commonly call them "Hall of Fame writers" or words to that effect. 
Three final candidates, selected by a BBWAA committee, were named on July 10, 2007, in San Francisco in conjunction with All-Star Game activities: Nick Peters of "The Sacramento Bee", Dave Van Dyck of the "Chicago Tribune", and Larry Whiteside (1937-2007) of "The Boston Globe". All 10-year members of the BBWAA were eligible to cast ballots in voting conducted by mail in November.
On December 5 at baseball's winter meetings, Larry Whiteside was announced as the recipient, having received 203 votes out of the 411 ballots cast, with Peters receiving 119 votes and Van Dyck receiving 89. His son Tony gave the acceptance speech on his behalf.
Ford C. Frick Award.
Dave Niehaus received the Ford C. Frick Award honoring a baseball broadcaster.
The Frick Award has been presented at the annual summer induction ceremonies since 1978. It recognizes a broadcaster for "major contributions to baseball". The recipients are not members of the Hall of the Fame, merely featured in a permanent exhibit at the National Baseball Museum, but writers and broadcasters commonly call them "Hall of Fame broadcaster" or words to that effect. 
To be eligible, an active or retired broadcaster must have a minimum of 10 years of continuous major league broadcast service with a ball club, a network, or a combination of the two.
Ten finalists were announced on December 4, 2007. In accordance with guidelines established in 2003, seven were chosen by a 20-member committee composed of the 14 living recipients, along with 6 additional broadcasting historians and columnists: Bob Costas (NBC), Barry Horn ("The Dallas Morning News"), Stan Isaacs (formerly of New York "Newsday"), Ted Patterson (historian), Curt Smith (historian) and Larry Stewart ("Los Angeles Times"). The seven finalists chosen by the committee were: Tom Cheek, Ken Coleman, Dizzy Dean, Tony Kubek, Graham McNamee, Dave Niehaus and Dave Van Horne. Three additional candidates - Joe Nuxhall, Bill King and Joe Morgan - were selected from a list of 201 candidates through results of voting by fans conducted throughout November at the Hall's official website.
On February 19 it was announced that Dave Niehaus, play-by-play announcer for the Seattle Mariners since the team began play in 1977, would be the 2008 recipient. His signature "My, oh my!" and "Get out the rye bread and mustard Grandma, cause it's grand salami time!" had been the siren call of summer for Seattle fans for 31 years; at the time he was announced as the recipient, he had called 4,817 of their 4,899 games, and was also a 2000 inductee into the Mariners' Hall of Fame. He was selected in a January vote by the same committee which selected the finalists. They voted by mail, and based the selection on the following criteria: longevity; continuity with a club; honors, including national assignments such as the World Series and All-Star Games; and popularity with fans.
Buck O'Neil Lifetime Achievement Award.
The Buck O'Neil Lifetime Achievement Award, which "honors an individual whose extraordinary efforts to enhance baseball's positive impact on society has broadened the game's appeal, and whose character, integrity and dignity reflect the qualities embodied by Buck O'Neil throughout his life and career", was established by the Hall in October 2007 in memory of O'Neil (1911-2006), a former Negro league player and manager, major league coach and scout, and longtime ambassador for the sport. O'Neil was named the first recipient of the honor, which will be bestowed by the Hall's board of directors at a minimum interval of three years. At the 2008 induction ceremonies, Hall of Famer Joe Morgan gave the speech to dedicate and accept the award; a statue of O'Neil, just inside the Hall's entrance, had been unveiled two days earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="9925200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925200" title="El Peligro">
El Peligro

El Peligro is a town in the La Plata Partido of Buenos Aires Province, located about 22 km west from La Plata City (the capital city of the District) and about 45 km southeast from Buenos Aires City.
The town has borders with other towns of the same District (Buchanan, Abasto, Arturo Seguí and Melchor Romero), and so is with other District (Berazategui District).
It has not any train station inside its borders, so the nearest being Villa Elisa Station. The town is located about 40 km southeast from Ministro Pistarini International Airport (the main international airport of Argentina).
Accesses.
Its main accesses from Buenos Aires City are the Autovía 2 (former National Route 2) and the Provincial Route 36; both routes meet themselves and run alongside one another up to National Route A004 in the Berazategui District, where Autovía 2 ends and Provincial Route 36 continues its way to Buenos Aires City. The National Route A004 is a highway which at the Hudson Junction connects itself to Ricardo Balbin Highway (better known as Buenos Aires-La Plata Highway).
From La Plata City, its main accesses are also the Autovía 2 (former National Route 2) and the Provincial Route 36; to which one could access through both, 44th and 520th avenues. Another way to get to the town from La Plata City is through Ricardo Balbin Highway (better known as Buenos Aires-La Plata Highway), then taking National Route A004 and finally Autovía 2 or Provincial Route 36.
A secondary way to get to the town is the former Provincial Route 19 (commonly known as Arana Avenue), which links it to Villa Elisa, another town of the same District.
Characteristics.
A company called EDELAP is responsible for the electricity supply, and the telephonic service as well as gas supply is provided by a cooperative. There's no running water supply. Moblile Telephone services are available through three operators: Movistar, Claro and Personal (the three available in Argentina).

</doc>
<doc id="9925211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925211" title="Anna Vissi Live">
Anna Vissi Live

Live is the name of a live album by Greek singer Anna Vissi, released in 2004 in Greece and Cyprus. It is her second live album and it has gone Platinum. It was also released as a live music DVD.
Music.
Music and lyrics are by Nikos Karvelas, Soffi Pappa, Christodoulos Siganos, Natalia Germanou, Energee, Ilias Fillipou, Spyros Zagoreos, Dimitris Gkoutis, T. Delias, A. Repanis, H. Petraki, Phoebus, A. Papacostantinou, G. Metsingas, V. Tsimpouli, A. Kaldaras, Sp. Skordilis, E. Ntaina, V. Atraidis, G. Vassilopoulos, Chr. Nikolopoulos, T. Delias, V. Kelaidis, N. Vaksevanelis, G. Spanos, K. Kindinis, M. Plessas, Pythagoras, N. Petridis, S. Tiliakou, H. Kaloudis, M. Koufianakis, G. Manisalis, K. Psyhogios, S. Kapiris, M. Hristopoulos, T. Ikonimou, Sp. Papavasiliou, I. Lymperopoulos, G. Mpithikotsis, S. Maneta, Ferro G. Rafael, Iglesias De La Cueve Julio, F. Nikolaou, D. Iatropoulos, N. Leonardos, A. Vissi, M. Mikelis

</doc>
<doc id="9925229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925229" title="Travellerspoint">
Travellerspoint

Travellerspoint is a social networking site for people who want to learn from or share experiences with other travellers. Members of the site participate through forums, blogs, photo galleries and a wiki travel guide.
External reviews.
Travellerspoint has been mentioned and recommended by BBC World, "The Guardian", "USA Today", "The Washington Post", "The Sydney Morning Herald", "The Age" and the "MX". In 2004, it was named the "Best Online-Only Agency" by Travelmole in their annual Travel & Tourism Web Awards, winning out over Travelocity and Opodo.

</doc>
<doc id="9925230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925230" title="North Carolina Institute of Medicine">
North Carolina Institute of Medicine

The North Carolina Institute of Medicine (NC IOM) is a quasi-state agency charged with building consensus on critical matters of health policy facing North Carolina and advising on health matters.
History.
The North Carolina Institute of Medicine was chartered by the North Carolina General Assembly in 1983 by the creation of a general statute charging it with four purposes.[http://www.ncleg.net/EnactedLegislation/Statutes/HTML/BySection/Chapter_90/GS_90-470.html] 
It has no affiliation with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences. It is administratively housed in the Cecil G. Sheps Center for Health Services Research at the University of North Carolina.
Leadership.
Presidents.
John Sessions was the first President and CEO, serving from 1984 to 1986. 
Ewald W. Busse was President from 1986 until 1994.
In 1994, Gordon E. DeFriese assumed the position of President and CEO. 
The current President and CEO is Pam Silberman.
Chairs of the Board.
The founding Chair was James E. Davis who convinced North Carolina legislators that the an organization based on the National IOM would greatly benefit North Carolina citizens. Dr. Davis was a notable physician at Duke University and went on to become the president of both the North Carolina Medical Society and the AMA. [http://jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/full/279/4/334-a?maxtoshow=&HITS=10&hits=10&RESULTFORMAT=&fulltext=james+e.+davis&searchid=1&FIRSTINDEX=0&resourcetype=HWCIT]
E. Harvey Estes served as Chair until 2006.
The current Chair of the Board of Directors is William Atkinson, President and CEO of WakeMed Health and Hospitals.
Publications.
The NC IOM produces a wide range of materials, ranging from final reports of Task Forces to smaller snapshots of the current health of North Carolinians.
2004.
Since 2002, the NC IOM has been a co-publisher (with The Duke Endowment) of the North Carolina Medical Journal.
Trivia.
The Kentucky Institute of Medicine is based on the design of the NC IOM.[http://www.uky.edu/PR/News/050311_medicine_institute.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9925250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925250" title="Luther Kountze">
Luther Kountze

Luther Kountze (October 29, 1841 – April 17, 1918) was an American banker, responsible for helping the city of Denver, Colorado in a time of need and leaving a philanthropic legacy in Morristown, New Jersey. He founded a late-19th century national banking dynasty along with his brothers Charles, Herman and Augustus. 
About.
From 1858 to 1862 Luther worked at the Kountze Brothers Bank in Omaha, Nebraska, which was operated by his brothers Augustus and Herman. Late in 1862 he went to Denver, Colorado, where he opened a bank under the name of Kountze Brothers and listed his brothers as senior members. In 1866 they organized the Colorado National Bank of Denver.
After a great fire engulfed much of the city in 1867, Kountze was credited with saving the city of Denver, Colorado from financial disaster, and ultimately, oblivion. Late that year and into the next Kountze worked with several other investors to form the company that would eventually become the Denver Pacific Railroad and Telegraph Co.
Luther left Colorado for New York in 1867. In 1868 he established the Kountze Brothers Bank at 52 Wall Street in Manhattan. His brother Augustus later joined him there, where they traded securities and bonds. In 1908, US Senator Robert LaFollette, Sr. included him in the "100 men who controlled banking." He was then vice-president and a director of the United States Mortgage and Trust Company.
In 1881 Luther moved to Morristown, New Jersey and built an English-style estate. He died in 1918, leaving an estate valued at $4,973,950.
Philanthropy.
Kountze was one of the founders of the Metropolitan Opera House Company. He contributed a large part of the land that now forms the National Jockey Hollow Park in Morristown, NJ.

</doc>
<doc id="9925252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925252" title="Priliximab">
Priliximab

Priliximab (cMT 412) is a human-mouse chimeric anti-CD4 monoclonal antibody. It has been tested on patients with Crohn's disease and multiple sclerosis but has not yet received U.S. Food and Drug Administration licencing. The patent belongs to the biotechnology company Centocor.

</doc>
<doc id="9925262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925262" title="Ansel Sterling">
Ansel Sterling

Ansel Sterling (February 3, 1782 - November 6, 1853) was a United States Representative from Connecticut. He was the brother of Micah Sterling who was a United States Representative from New York. He was born in Lyme, Connecticut where he attended the common schools. Later, he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1805. He commenced practice in Salisbury before moving to Sharon in 1808 where he continued the practice of his profession.
Sterling was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1815, 1818–1821, 1825, 1826, 1829, and 1835–1837, and served as clerk of the house in the sessions of 1815 and 1818-1820. He was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Seventeenth Congress and reelected as an Adams-Clay candidate to the Eighteenth Congress (March 4, 1821-March 3, 1825). After leaving Congress, he resumed legal practice and was the chief justice of the court of common pleas of Litchfield County 1838-1840. He died in Sharon in 1853 and was buried in Sharon Burying Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="9925334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925334" title="Carlby">
Carlby

Carlby is a small village/parish in the district of South Kesteven in Lincolnshire, England.
It is located four miles south of Bourne on the A6121 near the Lincolnshire/Rutland boundary, which is partly the River West Glen. 
The ecclesiastical parish is "Ryhall with Essendine and Carlby", part of the Rutland Deanery of the Diocese of Peterborough. The incumbent is The Revd Patrick McKee.
The parish church is dedicated to St. Stephen. The current building dates to 1734. 
The village has a playing field and a children's recreational area. In 1986 the villagers replaced the wooden village hall with a brick structure.

</doc>
<doc id="9925335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925335" title="Arcadia Beach State Recreation Site">
Arcadia Beach State Recreation Site

Arcadia Beach State Recreation Site is a beach and state park on the Oregon Coast of the United States located two miles south of Cannon Beach. Under the right conditions, one may hear the "singing sands" – a squeaking or violin-like noise.

</doc>
<doc id="9925382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925382" title="Summit Motorsports Park">
Summit Motorsports Park

Summit Motorsports Park, formerly Norwalk Raceway Park and Norwalk Dragway, is a drag racing facility located at 1300 State Route 18 near Norwalk, Ohio. It has been a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) sanctioned facility since 2007 and annually hosts the Summit Racing Equipment NHRA Nationals (July 4th Weekend), an NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Event and the Cavalcade of Stars (May), an NHRA Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series Regional Event.
Norwalk Dragway opened to the public in 1963 but lay dormant for much of the first ten years of its existence. Goodyear briefly used the track for tire testing up to 1973 when the track was sold to a joint venture between Wayne Sergeant and Bill Bader. Sergeant pulled out of the deal the following year and Bader continued as the sole owner. The track was reopened on April 28, 1974.
In 1981, Norwalk hosted the International Hot Rod Association (IHRA) World Nationals for the first time. It continued to host this event up to the 2006 season and had become the IHRA's flagship drag racing facility by this time.
Summit Racing Equipment purchased the naming rights to the facility in 2007, the year the NHRA first held an event there. In preparation for the facility's NHRA debut, millions of dollars were spent in upgrades and renovations. As well as the national events, the facility holds regular local competition throughout the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9925427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925427" title="Maryland basketball">
Maryland basketball

Maryland basketball may refer to any of the following teams:

</doc>
<doc id="9925436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925436" title="Gyokusen-ji">
Gyokusen-ji

History.
The exact date of the foundation of Gyokusen-ji is uncertain, but temple records indicate that it was originally a Shingon sect hermitage converted to the Sōtō Zen sect in the Tenshō period (1573-1592). 
The current "Hondō" was built in 1848, but soon after its completion it was commandeered by the Tokugawa shogunate for use as a residence for foreign visitors to Shimoda during negotiations to end Japan’s national isolation policy. It hosted officers from American Commodore Matthew Perry’s flotilla of Black Ships, and Japanese authorities allowed the bodies of dead American sailors to be buried in its graveyard. Soon afterwards, it became the residence for a delegation of Russians under Vice-Admiral Euphimy Vasil'evich Putiatin, who was trapped in Shimoda at the end of 1854 when a tsunami caused by the Ansei-Tōkai earthquake destroyed his fleet. The temple was used during the second and third series of negotiations between the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan, and the Russian Empire, which resulted in the Treaty of Shimoda of 1855.
After the Treaty of Kanagawa theoretically opened Japan to the outside world, a group of American merchants landed in Shimoda and unsuccessfully attempted to open trade relations – an issue which had not yet been settled by treaty. This group resided at Gyokusen-ji after the departure of the Russians until the arrival of Townsend Harris, the first American Consul General to Japan in 1856. Harris remained in residence at the temple for two years and ten months. During his stay, Harris demanded that the Japanese provide him with milk and beef. 
Gyokusen-ji today has a monument decorated with the image of a cow, which the temple claims to mark the site where the first four-legged animal to be slaughtered for human consumption was killed. Its English language sign reads:
"This monument, erected in 1931 by the butchers of Tokyo, marks the spot where the first cow in Japan was slaughtered for human consumption. (Eaten by Harris and Heusken)". 
Other memorials include a commemoration of the temple as the birthplace of Japanese milk production, and another commemorating the visit of President Jimmy Carter in 1979. 
Five Americans and three Russians who died in Shimoda in the 1850s are buried in the temple cemetery.
The temple has preserved the rooms used by Townsend Harris and Henry Heusken as the “Townsend Harris Museum”, with documents, "ukiyoe", and manikin doll dioramas describing the temple during the Bakumatsu period. The temple and its grounds were designated as a National Historic Site in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="9925440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925440" title="Avvenire">
Avvenire

Avvenire is an Italian daily newspaper affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church. It was founded in 1968 in Milan through the merger of two Catholic magazines: "L'Avvenire d'Italia" of Bologna and "l'Italia" of Milan.
History.
"Avvenire" was strongly supported by Pope Paul VI who, taking into account the changing times, wanted a common cultural medium for Italian Catholics. Throughout its history, "Avvenire" has maintained this characteristic, despite pressures to accommodate itself to the needs of a society in evolution. For example, in the middle of the 1990s, under the editorship of Dino Boffo, it increased its coverage of civil society and extended the parts of the newspaper devoted to cultural debate.
New initiatives were also launched. In February 1996, a biweekly insert under the name of "Popotus" was published devoted exclusively to youth, for whom three other inserts were also included: "Luoghi dell'Infinito", "Noi Genitori e Figli", "Non Profit". In 1998, an Internet edition began to be published.
The newspaper belongs to the Italian Episcopal Conference. According to journalist Sandro Magister, it follows the doctrinal line of Cardinal Camillo Ruini.
On 7 March 2002, "Avvenire" experienced a major change with the format and content. From that time, a number of new inserts have been included: : "è lavoro" (about job and employment), "è vita" (about Bioethics), and "Agorà domenica" (about culture).
These innovations have led to a steady increase in its circulation, significant given the general decline in sales of other Italian newspapers. The average number of copies sold each day in February 2005 was 103,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9925482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925482" title="Nangarhar University">
Nangarhar University

Nangarhar University () is a government-funded higher learning institution in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. It is the second largest university in Afghanistan. It has approximately 25 faculty and 3,500 students.
Nangarhar University was established in 1962 as a medical college. It was later merged with other local colleges to become a full-fledged university. It now houses faculties in agriculture, engineering, education, medicine, theology, pedagogy, political science and veterinary medicine.
Faculties.
Nangarhar consists of many faculties including engineering, political science, economics, teachers' training, veterinary, and computer science. Nangarhar Medical Faculty (NMF) is the second largest medical school in Afghanistan. 
They also take part in an elearning program organized by Afghans Next Generation e-Learning.
Agriculture Faculty:
The faculty of Agriculture has the following Departments:
1- Department of Animal Science
2- Department of Agronomy 
3- Department of Plant Pathology
4- Department of Horticulture
5- Department of Extension
All students graduate form the departments are bachelor. Most of the Lecturer are Ph.d or Master degree holder.

</doc>
<doc id="9925489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925489" title="Selective abortion">
Selective abortion

Selective abortion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9925492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925492" title="Alonso Vázquez">
Alonso Vázquez

Alonso Vázquez (1565 – c. 1608) was a Spanish sculptor and painter of the Renaissance period.
Vázquez was born in Ronda, and learned painting in the school of Arfian at Seville. He passed through the usual apprenticeship "sargas" (inexpensive paintings on rough canvas) leading to frescoes and oils on wood panels. For the Cathedral and the convents of St. Francis and St. Paul, he painted a variety of works, no longer extant. He painted a series of canvases on the "Life of St. Raymond", for the cloister of the friars of the Order of Mercy. He was also one of the artists chosen by the city of Seville to paint the great catafalque erected in the Cathedral at the time of public mourning for the death of Philip II. 
Vázquez died either in Seville or in Mexico, probably about the middle of the reign of Philip III.
References.
[http://www.artnet.com/artist/672190/alonso-vazquez.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9925514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925514" title="Momo Barone">
Momo Barone

Cosimo "Momo" Barone ("Momo the Roach") is a fictional character in the novels "The Godfather Returns" and "The Godfather's Revenge".
Role in the novels.
"The Godather Returns" establishes Barone's backstory; he grew up in the Bronx alongside boyhood friend Eddie Paradise, and was nicknamed "the Roach" because his rigidly shellacked hairstyle seemed as hard as a roach's exoskeleton. He was a protégé of Peter Clemenza, the best friend of Nick Geraci, and the nephew of Sal Tessio.
After Geraci kills Tessio in 1955, Momo is "made" under him with fellow soldier Eddie Paradise. He also befriends fellow Geraci soldier Carmine Marino. Michael Corleone considers him untrustworthy because of his blood relationship to Tessio, but he is nevertheless widely liked within the Corleone family; Tom Hagen in particular trusts him enough to give him the job of killing a man who stole his watch.
Barone is Nick Geraci's closest aide circa 1956 to 1960. After Geraci's treachery is exposed at the end of "The Godfather Returns", Barone is considered a likely candidate for the role of "caporegime", but Paradise is chosen instead. The following novel, "The Godfather's Revenge", implies that Barone doesn't hold a grudge for being overlooked, but he is angry that nobody trusted him because he was "Tessio's kid". Barone meets with Geraci, who is still on the run in 1963, and agrees to help Geraci in his bid to dethrone Michael Corleone and take over as Don.
Geraci promises Barone the title of "consigliere" if he agrees to help. Barone agrees, and feeds Geraci information on Michael Corleone's plans. Ultimately, both Geraci and Barone are killed while attending a meeting that had been supposedly arranged for Geraci to negotiate his bid for leadership. The meeting turns out to be a setup masterminded by Michael Corleone, who orders Barone to kill Geraci as a test of loyalty. Barone falters at the last minute, however, and is killed by his lifelong friend Eddie Paradise.

</doc>
<doc id="9925517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925517" title="Tarsney">
Tarsney

Tarsney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9925526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925526" title="Kobe Collection">
Kobe Collection

The is a fashion event that has been held in Kobe, Japan and other cities during spring and autumn every year since 2002; over 30 brands have participated. It is characteristically a public relations event for consumers, and a chance for young designers to publish their own designs. 
In the second half of the 19th century, there were many trading companies and banks that made inroads into Kobe, and the comparatively wealthy families who worked for these companies, tended to live on the mountain side of Kobe and Ashiya. Originally the Kobe fashion-style was seen in children of such wealthy families. The fashion-style was characterized by the refined everyday wear which in quiet colors (navy blue, black, white and gray), in contrast to the popular style for girls in Osaka. From around 1990, many Japanese women's magazines came to take up this style, because it is known to look refined and cute by women in their teens and early 20's. A magazine named Kobe Style focuses on the style trends of Kobe. 
The mode of "Kobe-Style" has somewhat changed, although it is expressed as a pronoun of a conservative fashion in Japan currently, it has been popular among young Japanese girls. Kobe collection has held a strong social background in Japan and surrounding east-Asian countries; In 2007, Kobe collection was held in Shanghai, Yokohama, and in Kobe. 
And Kobe collection will hold in Second Life, an Internet-based virtual world developed by Linden Research, Inc (commonly referred to as Linden Lab).

</doc>
<doc id="9925537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925537" title="Baruch Maman">
Baruch Maman

Baruch Maman () is a former Israeli footballer and widely considered one of the greatest players to ever come out of the youth system of Maccabi Haifa.
Childhood.
Born in Safed, Maman's family moved to the poor neighborhood of Stanton in downtown Haifa when he was just three years old. Living conditions were difficult for his five person family living in a small apartment just 15 metres squared. After his parents died at a young age, Baruch being the oldest child, left home early on in an effort to help provide food for his family.
Youth career.
Joining the youth ranks at Maccabi Haifa at the late age of 14, and enjoyed reasonable success on the Under-21 side scoring 12 goals in six matches. Before his draft into the IDF, he was rewarded with his first ever minutes in a first team match against Hapoel Tel Aviv.
First team career.
Maman didn't get along with manager Ori Weinberg, and found himself staying at home for almost half a year until he returned to play for the Israeli Air Force football team in an IDF tournament.
At 1982, the English Jack Mansell arrived to Maccabi Haifa and wished to get rid of Maman. Luckily for Maman, Mansell was fully denied by "The barrings of Maccabi Haifa", Yochanan Vollach, which fought for Maman's position at the club. Vollach believed in Maman's ability and considered him several times to be the best player at that time in Israel and he wasn't wrong about him. Maman was to become one of the biggest symbols of Maccabi Haifa all times, helping Maccabi win its first championship ever at 1984 and retrieving it again at 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9925555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925555" title="Drăguș">
Drăguș

Drăguş () is a commune in Braşov County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Drăguş, part of Viștea Commune until being split off in 2004.
At the 2011 census, 99.8% of inhabitants were Romanians.

</doc>
<doc id="9925564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925564" title="Sarah Lee Guthrie &amp; Johnny Irion">
Sarah Lee Guthrie &amp; Johnny Irion

Sarah Lee Guthrie (born February 17, 1979) and Johnny Irion (born February 3, 1969), are a musical duo. Guthrie and Irion were married on October 16, 1999 and began performing together as an acoustic duo in the fall of 2000. Their music combined Irion's love of rock and blues with Guthrie's roots of folk and country.
Guthrie is the youngest daughter of folksinger Arlo Guthrie and the granddaughter of Woody Guthrie. As a third generation singer/songwriter Guthrie released her first self-titled album on the family owned and operated Rising Son Records in 2002. As a child she was involved in theater and dance. Her interest in music was sparked when she worked as her father's road manager on the 1997 Further Festival tour and saw other members of the tour group having fun at late-night hootenannies. She picked up an acoustic guitar and started playing as a way to join in on the fun. "I always wrote poems, so it wasn't that far off for me to turn that into songs." 
"My dad was absolutely thrilled, of course, and would teach me stuff every day when we were on the road together. That was a really cool way to get to know my dad, because I'd never known him that way. And that's another thing that made it easy: my dad was so supportive."
Irion originates from a family of artists. His uncle is author Thomas Steinbeck, his grand-uncle is author John Steinbeck, and his grandmother, Rubilee Knight is a classical violinist. His late grandfather, Fred Knight sang tenor in numerous venues. Irion and Guthrie met through a mutual friend (Chris Robinson of the Black Crowes) while the two were working together in Los Angeles. In 1999 Guthrie and Irion joined guitarist Tao Rodríguez-Seeger, grandson of Pete Seeger, and performed as a trio under the name RIG.
Guthrie and Irion have appeared at the Newport Folk Festival, the Philadelphia Folk Festival, and Hillside Festival, as well as nationwide theatres, listening rooms, performing art centers, and schools. When not performing their own shows they tour nationally with Arlo Guthrie, opening the show, then joining him onstage in their family concert series, recently accompanying him at Carnegie Hall with Pete Seeger and The Dillards.
"Go Waggaloo", their first children's CD, was released in October 2009 on the Smithsonian Folkways label. Sarah Lee Guthrie is joined by Irion and their two daughters, as well as numerous friends and family members including Arlo Guthrie, Pete Seeger and Tao Rodriguez-Seeger. The album includes three songs featuring lyrics by Woody Guthrie never before put to music and eight songs written by Sarah Lee and family. The Parents' Choice Foundation awarded "Go Waggaloo" a Gold Medallion. The Parents' Choice Awards program honors the best material for children in the categories of: books, toys, music and storytelling, magazines, software, videogames, television and websites.
In 2011, Sarah Lee and Johnny signed with Berkeley independent record label, Ninth Street Opus and released "Bright Examples". The collaborative project features producers Andy Cabic (lead singer/songwriter in the band Vetiver (band)) and Thom Monahan (Devendra Banhart, Vetiver (band)).
In 2012 - the centennial year of Woody Guthrie's birth - an album of newly composed songs using Woody Guthrie's lyrics was released: "New Multitudes". At a centennail celebration tribute concert held on March 10, 2012 at the Brady Theater in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Sarah Lee and Johnny performed along with John Mellencamp, Arlo Guthrie, the Del McCoury Band and the Flaming Lips.
Jeff Tweedy produced Sarah Lee Guthrie and Johnny Irion’s album, "Wassaic Way", released in 2013. It was recorded in Chicago - Tweedy’s hometown - and garnered him a Grammy nomination as producer. 

</doc>
<doc id="9925614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925614" title="Ernie Earnshaw">
Ernie Earnshaw

Ernie Earnshaw is a musician and recording artist. He began playing drums with the popular surf-band of the 1960s, the Royale Monarchs at the Bob Eubanks Cinnamon Cinder night clubs in Los Angeles and performed on Sam Riddell's Ninth St. West dance program. Producer Gary Usher signed the new reformed group The Forte' Four to recording contract at Decca Records. Two singles were released without much fanfare, and when The Forte IV broke up, Ernie met and auditioned for Six the Hard Way, a group of 3 singers/3 pieces which went on the road and stayed there all through 1967. When Six the Hard Way broke up, Ernie and Chuck Girard went back to Pasadena where Chuck started writing, and eventually Chuck Girard, Jack Schaeffer, Ernie and a couple of Chuck's friends recorded two demos, "Feel the Love" and "Enchanted Forest." These were the beginnings of what many consider the first Christian Rock group. Earnshaw left this band in the spring of '68, joining BigFoot, which became Bill Medley's band in the summer of 1970.
At the end of that year, the gig with Bill Medley dried up, so Earnshaw loaded his VW Beetle and headed North, where in the spring of 1971, he joined a band in the act of making their debut album. These were The Wackers, a band that had grown out of a songwriting partnership consisting of Bob Segarini and Randy Bishop, late of the band, Roxy. Based in Eureka California, where they'd encountered Michael Stull, with his marvelous baritone voice and Rickenbacker "Double Six," and William "Kootch" Trochim on bass. The Wackers played local clubs and did the occasional live unplugged acoustic shows on various radio stations. In 1972 The Wackers moved to Montreal, Quebec and became very popular by playing many high-school and college dances.
In the Fall of 1973, unrest and reorganization in the record business caused Elektra to drop many acts from their rosters. Earnshaw returned to Humboldt County and played steadily in nightclubs, street fairs, weddings and such. In addition Earnshaw played drums on several local recording projects, including albums and demos.
Earnshaw's most significant moments during this period were with Rolling Bob, featuring the fine vocalist, Larry Lampi, the masterful Doug Marcum on guitars/vocals, and Ken Susan on bass/vocals. Formed in 1976, this band is still playing occasioally.
And on July 24, 2011 in Toronto, The Wackers strapped it on again with a 1 hour and 45 minute set, and sources report that the band "...like totally rawked, dude!"

</doc>
<doc id="9925616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925616" title="Bean paste">
Bean paste

Bean paste can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9925665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925665" title="Ben Davis (basketball)">
Ben Davis (basketball)

Ben Jerome Davis (born December 26, 1972) is an American former professional basketball player who played with the NBA's Phoenix Suns and New York Knicks. Davis attended Oak Hill Academy, Kansas University, the University of Florida, Hutchinson Community College, and the University of Arizona and played collegiately at all, except for Florida. In his one season at Hutchinson in 1994, Davis led team to the NJCAA championship.
Davis was selected 43rd overall in the 1996 NBA Draft by the Phoenix Suns but played in the CBA in 1996-97 instead. As well as playing with the Suns and the New York Knicks during his short NBA career, Davis was also signed by the Miami Heat and Houston Rockets, but never played a game for either.
Davis last played in 2009 for Lechugueros de León in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9925684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925684" title="Italian campaign of 1524–25">
Italian campaign of 1524–25

The Italian campaign of 1524–25 was the final significant action of the Italian War of 1521–26.
Prelude.
The French, in possession of Lombardy at the start of the Italian War of 1521, had been forced to abandon it after their defeat at the Battle of Bicocca in 1522. Determined to regain it, Francis ordered an invasion of the region in late 1523, under the command of Guillaume Gouffier, Seigneur de Bonnivet; but Bonnivet was defeated by Imperial troops at the Battle of the Sesia and forced to withdraw to France.
Charles de Lannoy now launched an invasion of Provence under the command of Fernando d'Avalos, Marquess of Pescara, and Charles III, Duke of Bourbon (who had recently betrayed Francis and allied himself with the Emperor). While initially successful, the Imperial offensive lost valuable time during the Siege of Marseille and was forced to withdraw back to Italy by the arrival of Francis and the main French army at Avignon.
French invasion of Lombardy.
In mid-October, Francis himself crossed the Alps and advanced on Milan at the head of an army numbering more than 40,000. Bourbon and d'Avalos, their troops not yet recovered from the campaign in Provence, were in no position to offer serious resistance. The French army moved in several columns, brushing aside Imperial attempts to hold its advance, but failed to bring the main body of Imperial troops to battle. Nevertheless, Charles de Lannoy, who had concentrated some 16,000 men to resist the 33,000 French troops closing on Milan, decided that the city could not be defended and withdrew to Lodi on 26 October. Having entered Milan and installed Louis II de la Trémoille as the governor, Francis (at the urging of Bonnivet and against the advice of his other senior commanders, who favored a more vigorous pursuit of the retreating Lannoy) advanced on Pavia, where Antonio de Leyva remained with a sizable Imperial garrison.
Siege of Pavia.
The main mass of French troops arrived at Pavia in the last days of October. By 2 November, Montmorency had crossed the Ticino River and invested the city from the south, completing its encirclement. Inside were about 9,000 men, mainly mercenaries whom Antonio de Leyva was able to pay only by melting the church plate. A period of skirmishing and artillery bombardments followed, and several breaches had been made in the walls by mid-November. On 21 November, Francis attempted an assault on the city through two of the breaches, but was beaten back with heavy casualties; hampered by rainy weather and a lack of gunpowder, the French decided to wait for the defenders to starve.
French expeditions.
In early December, a Spanish force commanded by Hugo of Moncada landed near Genoa, intending to interfere in a conflict between pro-Valois and pro-Habsburg factions in the city. Francis dispatched a larger force under the Marquis of Saluzzo to intercept them. Confronted by the more numerous French and left without naval support by the arrival of a pro-Valois fleet commanded by Andrea Doria, the Spanish troops surrendered. Francis then signed a secret agreement with Pope Clement VII, who pledged not to assist Charles in exchange for Francis's assistance with the conquest of Naples. Against the advice of his senior commanders, Francis detached a portion of his forces under the Duke of Albany and sent them south to aid the Pope. Lannoy attempted to intercept the expedition near Fiorenzuola, but suffered heavy casualties and was forced to return to Lodi by the intervention of the infamous Black Bands of Giovanni de' Medici, which had just entered French service. Medici then returned to Pavia with a supply train of gunpowder and shot gathered by the Duke of Ferrara; but the French position was simultaneously weakened by the departure of nearly 5,000 Grisons Swiss mercenaries, who returned to their cantons in order to defend them against marauding landsknechts.
Lannoy's offensive.
In January 1525, Lannoy was reinforced by the arrival of Georg Frundsberg with 15,000 fresh landsknechts and renewed the offensive. D'Avalos captured the French outpost at San Angelo, cutting the lines of communication between Pavia and Milan, while a separate column of landsknechts advanced on Belgiojoso and, despite being briefly pushed back by a raid led by Medici and Bonnivet, occupied the town. By 2 February, Lannoy was only a few miles from Pavia. Francis had encamped the majority of his forces in the great walled park of Mirabello outside the city walls, placing them between Leyva's garrison and the approaching relief army. Skirmishing and sallies by the garrison continued through the month of February. Medici was seriously wounded and withdrew to Piacenza to recuperate, forcing Francis to recall much of the Milan garrison to offset the departure of the Black Band; but the fighting had little overall effect. On 21 February, the Imperial commanders, running low on supplies and mistakenly believing that the French forces were more numerous than their own, decided to launch an attack on Mirabello Castle in order to save face and demoralize the French sufficiently to ensure a safe withdrawal.
Battle of Pavia.
In the early morning of 24 February 1525, Imperial engineers opened breaches in the walls of Mirabello, allowing Lannoy's forces to enter the park. At the same time, Leyva sortied from Pavia with what remained of the garrison. In the ensuing four-hour battle, the French heavy cavalry, which had proven so effective against the Swiss at Marignano ten years prior, masked its own artillery by a rapid advance and was surrounded and cut apart by landsknechts and d'Avalos's massed Spanish arquebusiers. Meanwhile, a series of protracted infantry engagements resulted in the rout of the Swiss and French infantry. The French suffered massive casualties, losing the majority of their army. Bonnivet, Jacques de la Palice, La Trémoille, and Richard de la Pole were killed, while Anne de Montmorency, Robert de la Marck, and Francis himself were taken prisoner along with a host of lesser nobles. The night following the battle, Francis gave Lannoy a letter to be delivered to his mother in Paris, in which he related what had befallen him: "To inform you of how the rest of my ill-fortune is proceeding, all is lost to me save honour and life, which is safe." Soon afterwards, he finally learned that the Duke of Albany had lost the larger part of his army to attrition and desertion, and had returned to France without ever having reached Naples. The broken remnants of the French forces, aside from a small garrison left to hold the Castel Sforzesco in Milan, retreated across the Alps under the nominal command of Charles IV of Alençon, reaching Lyon by March.
Aftermath.
After Pavia, the fate of the French king, and of France herself, became the subject of furious diplomatic maneuvering. Charles V, lacking funds to pay for the war, decided to forgo the marriage into the House of Tudor which he had promised Henry VIII and sought instead to marry Isabella of Portugal, who would bring with her a more substantial dowry. Bourbon, meanwhile, plotted with Henry to invade and partition France, and at the same time encouraged d'Avalos to seize Naples and declare himself King of Italy. Louise of Savoy, who had remained as regent in France during her son's absence, attempted to gather troops and funds to defend against an expected invasion of Artois by English troops. Francis, convinced that he would regain his freedom if he could obtain a personal audience with Charles, pressed d'Avalos and Lannoy, who had intended to transport the king to the Castelnuovo in Naples, to send him to Spain instead. Concerned by Bourbon's scheming, they agreed and Francis arrived in Barcelona on 12 June.

</doc>
<doc id="9925728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9925728" title="Anne Salmond">
Anne Salmond

Dame Anne Salmond (born 1945) is a New Zealand anthropologist and writer. She was New Zealander of the Year in 2013.
Background and personal life.
Salmond was born in Wellington in 1945 and grew up in Gisborne, before being sent to board at Solway College in Masterton. She was educated at the University of Auckland and the University of Pennsylvania. She was inspired to research early Maori history after visiting the US on a scholarship as a teenager, and when asked to talk about New Zealand, she realised she didn't know much about the Maori side of the story.
She and her husband Jeremy live in Auckland and have three children, Amiria, Stephen, and Tim. In 2000, she and her husband initiated the restoration of the Longbush Ecosanctuary in Gisborne.
Career.
Salmond is a Distinguished Professor of Maori Studies and Anthropology at the University of Auckland. Her links with the Maori world go back to her great grandfather, James McDonald, a noted photographer, film-maker and artist who worked with Maori leaders including Sir Apirana Ngata and Sir Peter Buck.
Salmond had a close relationship with Eruera Stirling and Amiria Stirling, noted elders of Te Whānau-ā-Apanui and Ngati Porou. Their collaboration led to three books about Maori life:
Salmond's work then turned to cross-cultural encounters in New Zealand, resulting in two works:
Afterwards, she began to explore early exchanges between islanders and European explorers in the Pacific, leading to the publication of three books:
She is currently writing a book about exchanges between different realities (ontologies) to be titled "Tears of Rangi: Experiments between Worlds".
In 2004, Salmond received the Prime Minister's Award for Literary Achievement for non-fiction.
Salmond has served on the boards of the Foundation for Research, Science and Technology, the Museum of New Zealand, and she was chair of the New Zealand Historic Places Trust from 2001 to 2007. She was Pro-Vice Chancellor (Equal Opportunity) at the University of Auckland from 1997 to 2006. She is the Project Sponsor for the Starpath Partnership for Excellence, which aims to ensure that Maori, Pacific and low income students achieve their potential through education.
Honours.
In 1988 she was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire for services to literature and the Maori people and in 1990 she was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand. In 1995 she became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire for services to New Zealand history.
In November 2007, she was elected as an inaugural Fellow of the New Zealand Academy for the Humanities. In 2008, she was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy, and in 2009, she was elected a Foreign Associate of the National Academy of Sciences – the first New Zealander known to have achieved this double distinction.
In 2013, she was crowned New Zealander of the Year for her work on cultural history.
External links.
Interviews
Speeches
Articles
Environment
About

</doc>
