<doc id="9878668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878668" title="Nao Takamori">
Nao Takamori


</doc>
<doc id="9878675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878675" title="Cinco grandes y una chica">
Cinco grandes y una chica

Cinco grandes y una chica is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878680" title="La Doctora Castañuelas">
La Doctora Castañuelas

La Doctora Castañuelas is a 1950 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9878681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878681" title="Grammostola pulchra">
Grammostola pulchra

Grammostola pulchra is a terrestrial tarantula native to Brazil. The species is desirable in the pet trade because of their females, long life and reputation for being docile and gentle in temperament, as well as for its appealing dark coloration. These traits make them rather expensive when buying from a breeder. Commonly known as the "Brazilian black," mature specimens are almost entirely black. Although like most new world tarantulas it possesses urticating hairs. It is said to have a reduced tendency to kick them off when handled, which adds to its desirability as a pet. Many times, they do not spread urticating hairs around their homes, as observed in other tarantula species. If provoked, they would much rather flee than attack. Their venom is not as irritating as many other species of tarantulas. The Brazilian Black is a slow grower, taking up to eight years to reach maturity, reaching up to 7 inches. Because of a ban on the export of wild caught specimens and its slow growth, mature females (preferred because of their long life) are generally expensive. As with all tarantulas, females of this species will almost always outlive males by many years. As a juvenile in captivity, this species tends to burrow when given the opportunity, but it is not detrimental to their health if they cannot. Dry substrate is key to keeping this species comfortable. Most members of this species are hearty eaters in comparison to other members of the Grammostola genus. They thrive on mealworms, crickets, roaches, and other small insects.

</doc>
<doc id="9878683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878683" title="San Francisco Bay Blues">
San Francisco Bay Blues

"San Francisco Bay Blues" is an American folk song and is generally considered to be the most famous composition by Jesse Fuller. Fuller first recorded the song in 1954 (released 1955) for a small label called World Song. The song was brought into wider popularity in the early 1960s by club performances by Ramblin' Jack Elliott, Bob Dylan, and Jim Kweskin. Recorded covers have been performed by many artists including The Blues Band, Paul Jones, The Weavers, The Brothers Four, Paul Clayton, Richie Havens, Eric Clapton, The Flatlanders, Paul McCartney, Hot Tuna, Janis Joplin, John Lennon, Peter, Paul, and Mary, Mungo Jerry, Glenn Yarborough, George Ellias, Phoebe Snow, The Wave Pictures, The Halifax III and Eva Cassidy.
A "one-man band" rendition of the song featuring a kazoo solo was recorded by Fuller himself in a 1962 concert. This has been included in a Smithsonian Folkways compilation, "Friends of Old Time Music".

</doc>
<doc id="9878685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878685" title="Cuando besa mi marido">
Cuando besa mi marido

Cuando besa mi marido is a 1950 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="9878694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878694" title="Don Fulgencio">
Don Fulgencio

Don Fulgencio is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878698" title="El Zorro pierde el pelo">
El Zorro pierde el pelo

El Zorro pierde el pelo is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878709" title="Thomas Tomlinson Cussons">
Thomas Tomlinson Cussons

Thomas Tomlinson Cussons (1838–1927) born in Kingston upon Hull, England. Son of George Cussons and his wife Jane Cussons (née Moss). Thomas was the Chairman of the British soap manufacturing company Cussons & Son. Thomas established the 'Cussons' brand which has become one of the largest personal care brands in Britain.
Career.
In the early 1880s Thomas opened a chemist in the town of Ossett. In Ossett he also operated as a wine merchant. He enjoyed an exclusive right to distribute W & A Gilbey Wines in Ossett. Following the establishment of the Ossett chemist he established an additional chemist in Louth. In 1891 he opened a further chemist in Swinton, Salford. 
Initially the Cussons brand was attached principally to medicine. In 1893 the Cussons range included the following:
In 1897 Thomas acquired a glass blowing factory in Harpurhey, which marked the beginning of a great increase in business. Thomas' commercial activities laid the foundations for his son Alex Cussons who would make Cussons into a multinational brand and manufacture the famous Cussons Imperial Leather soap.
Letters.
In 1892 Thomas published extracts from letters of people recommending the Cussons brand. 
Below is an extract from a clergyman to Mr. Cussons dated 28 March 1888: 
Below is an extract from a Mr S. Smith dated 19 March 1888: 
Below is an extract from a woman in service, dated 17 March 1888: 

</doc>
<doc id="9878710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878710" title="La Vendedora de fantasías">
La Vendedora de fantasías

La Vendedora de fantasías is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878716" title="Kahun Papyri">
Kahun Papyri

The Kahun Papyri (KP) are a collection of ancient Egyptian texts discussing administrative, mathematical and medical topics. Its many fragments were discovered by Flinders Petrie in 1889 and are kept at the University College London. This collection of papyri is one of the largest ever found. Most of the texts are dated to ca. 1825 BC, to the reign of Amenemhat III. In general the collection spans the Middle Kingdom of Egypt. 
The texts span a variety of topics:

</doc>
<doc id="9878717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878717" title="Esposa último modelo">
Esposa último modelo

Esposa último modelo is a 1950 Argentine film directed by Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="9878725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878725" title="School of Champions">
School of Champions

School of Champions () is a 1950 Argentine adventure drama film
directed by Ralph Pappier, and starring George Rigaud, Silvana Roth, and Pedro Quartucci. It won the Silver Condor Award for Best Film, given by the Argentine Film Critics Association in 1951 for the best picture of the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="9878736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878736" title="An Almost Merry Widow">
An Almost Merry Widow

An Almost Merry Widow () is a 1950 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9878741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878741" title="Transport in Karnataka">
Transport in Karnataka

Karnataka, a state in South India has a well-developed transport system. Its capital city, Bangalore is well-connected by air to domestic and international destinations and the Bangalore International Airport (BIAL) in the city is one of the busiest airports in India. It is also the headquarters of the airlines, Air Deccan and Kingfisher Airlines. The road transport is also well developed in the state with many National and State highways providing means for fast transportation. The headquarters of the South-Western Railway division of Indian Railways is located at Hubli and this division governs most of the railway network in the state. Konkan Railway which passes along the coastal region of the state is considered as one of the toughest engineering projects being undertaken in India till date. Buses, cars and trains are the means of transport for moving across distant places in Karnataka. For transportation within the city or town limits; motorbikes, cars, autorickshaws and buses are used. With the advent of low-cost airlines, many people are choosing to travel via air as well.
Air transport.
Mangalore and Bengaluru are the only two cities in the state that have International flights operating from their airports. While the international flights from Mangalore International Airport are only to countries located in the Middle East, Bangalore has good international connectivity with flights from different nations landing here. Bengaluru International Airport (BIAL) handled 10 million passengers in 2009, with about 300-315 air traffic movements (ATMs) a day. BIAL is host to 9 domestic airlines and 19 international airlines like and Lufthansa, British Airways, Air France, Singapore Airlines and Malaysia Airlines, connecting the city to almost 50 destinations across India and the world. With Bengaluru being the 'IT capital' of India, the air traffic to this city has increased manifold.
Hubli Airport operates domestic flights to Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Jabalpur. Mysore Airport and Belgaum Airport have domestic air services to Bangalore. Besides these, there are airports at Bellary and Bidar that do not have any air service. In addition, there are private airstrips at Sedam, Koppal and Harihar.
Gulbarga Airport, Bijapur Airport and Shimoga Airport, built under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model, will be opened for commercial use by July 2013.
Rail transport.
The total length of rail track in Karnataka is 3089 km For a long time after independence, the railway network in the state was under the Southern and Western railway zones which were headquartered at Chennai and Mumbai respectively. The South Western Zone, headquartered at Hubballi was created in 2003 thus fulfilling a long-standing demand of the state. Several parts of the state now come under this zone with the remaining being under Southern Railways. Coastal Karnataka is covered under the Konkan railway network, a project that is regarded as one of the feats of Indian engineering and included the construction of a bridge of length across the river Sharavathi at Honnavar and a tunnel of length at Karwar. Bengaluru, the capital city, is extensively connected with inter-state destinations while other important cities and towns in the state are not so well-connected. The train connectivity within Karnataka has improved since K.H.Muniyappa,Member of Parliament from Kolar
constituency has been the Union Minister of State for Railways.
The superfast Shatabdi Express trains run from Bengaluru to Chennai and Mysuru. A "Jan Shatabdi" express runs from Bengaluru to Hubballi and this is the first train in India that has been fitted with a GPS (Global Position System) based Location Announcement System. Using this system, the passengers are announced apriori the arrival of a station. Konkan Railway is an engineering marvel; the construction of which included the bridge across the river Sharavathi at Honnavar of length 2023 mts and a tunnel at Karwar of length 2960 mts. nnn
A high-end luxury train operated by the Tourism Department of Karnataka The Golden Chariot covers the places of interest in Karnataka and Goa under the tour name "Pride of the South". Places Covered: Bengaluru - Kabini/Bandipur - Mysuru - Hassan - Hampi - Gadag - Goa - Bengaluru.
The same train covers the places of interest in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala with a different tour name "Southern Splendour". Places Covered: Bengaluru - Chennai - Mamallapuram - Pondicherry - Tiruchirapalli & Thanjavur - Madurai - Kanyakumari - Thiruvananthapuram - Backwaters & Kochi / Allepey - Bengaluru
For more information please visit the official website of The Golden Chariot:
http://www.goldenchariot.org/
Water transport.
Karnataka has 1 major port; the New Mangalore Port and 10 minor ports; Karwar, Belekeri, Tadri, Honnavar, Bhatkal, Kundapur, Hangarkatta, Malpe, Padubidri and Old Mangalore. The construction of the New Mangalore Port was started in 1962 and completed in 1974. It was incorporated as the 9th major port in India on 4 May 1974. This port handled 32.04 million tonnes of traffic in the fiscal year 2006-07 with 17.92 million tonnes of imports and 14.12 million tonnes of exports. This was actually a slowdown in traffic at this port compared to the previous fiscal year mainly due to the reduction in iron ore exports from the Kudremukh Iron Ore Company limited. The port also handled 1015 vessels including 18 cruise vessels during the year 2006-07. The sector of Inland water transport within the rivers of Karnataka is not well-developed.
Road transport.
Among the network of roads in Karnataka, 3973 km. of roads are National Highways. Karnataka also has state highways of length 9829 km. The road from Bengaluru to Mysuru (State Highway 17) is also well maintained and equal to the standard of a National Highway.
The public bus transport in Karnataka is managed by the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC). It was set up in 1961 with the objective of providing adequate, efficient, economic and properly coordinated road transport services. It operates 5100 schedules using 5400 vehicles covering 1.95 million kilometres and an average of 2.2 million passengers daily. About 25000 people are employed in KSRTC. For better management of public transport, KSRTC was bifurcated into three Corporations viz., Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation, Bengaluru on 15th Aug 1997, North-west Karnataka Road Transport Corporation, Hubballi on 1st Nov 1997 and North-East Karnataka Road Transport Corporation, Gulbarga on 1st Oct 2000. The reservation system is networked and computerised and tickets can be availed at designated kiosks in towns and cities. An online reservation system called "AWATAR" has also been devised by KSRTC using which travellers can reserve tickets online. KSRTC plies various categories of buses viz. Airavat Club-Class (high-end luxury Volvo/Mercedes-Benz multi-axle AC buses),Airavat (high-end luxury Volvo AC buses),Ambaari(Corona AC Sleeper/Executive),Non-AC Sleeper buses,Mercedes-Benz(high-end luxury AC buses), Rajahamsa Executive (deluxe buses),Karnataka Vaibhav (Semi-Deluxe), Karnataka Saarige(express buses). "Grameena Sarige" is another initiative by KSRTC to provide bus service to the rural populace of the state.
Buses run by private persons are allowed to operate in few districts of Karnataka.Inter district transportation are run by private operators, connecting capital Bangaluru and main cities like Mangaluru and Dharwad to district headquarters. Intra district transportation by private operators is currently allowed in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts.Omni bus and Maxi cabs are also other modes of road transportation in the state, especially where KSRTC does not buses or run very few.

</doc>
<doc id="9878745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878745" title="Albert G. Burr">
Albert G. Burr

Albert George Burr (1829–1882) was a United States Representative in Congress from the state of Illinois for two terms, the 40th and 41st Congresses (serving from March 4, 1867 until March 3, 1871). He was a member of the Democratic Party.
He was born near Batavia, Genesee County, New York, on November 8, 1829, but moved with his mother to Illinois in 1830. Prior to his election to the U.S. House, Burr practiced law in Winchester, Illinois and served from 1861 until 1864 in the Illinois House of Representatives.
Burr did not run for re-election in 1870 and resumed the practice of law in Carrollton, Illinois. In 1877, he was elected as a circuit judge, a post which he held until his death on June 10, 1882 in Carrolton.

</doc>
<doc id="9878752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878752" title="Fangio, the Demon of the Tracks">
Fangio, the Demon of the Tracks

 
Fangio, the Demon of the Tracks () is a 1950 Argentine motor racing film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto, starring Yvonne Bastien, Ernesto Bianco, Armando Bo and Néstor Deval.

</doc>
<doc id="9878757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878757" title="Nacha Regules">
Nacha Regules

Nacha Regules is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878764" title="Millones de Semillita">
Millones de Semillita

Millones de Semillita is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878769" title="Lejos del cielo">
Lejos del cielo

Lejos del cielo is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878777" title="El Ladrón canta boleros">
El Ladrón canta boleros

El Ladrón canta boleros is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878781" title="Geoffrey FitzClarence, 5th Earl of Munster">
Geoffrey FitzClarence, 5th Earl of Munster

Geoffrey William Richard Hugh FitzClarence, 5th Earl of Munster KBE, PC (17 February 1906 – 26 August 1975), was a British peer and Conservative politician.
Background.
Munster was the son of Major the Honourable Harold Edward FitzClarence, seventh son of William FitzClarence, 2nd Earl of Munster, and his wife, Frances Isabel Eleanor (née Keppel). 
Political career.
Munster succeeded his uncle as fifth Earl of Munster in 1928 and took his seat on the Conservative benches in the House of Lords. In 1934 he was appointed a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) in the National Government of Ramsay Macdonald, a post he held until 1938, the last three years under the premiership firstly of Stanley Baldwin and secondly of Neville Chamberlain. In June 1938 Chamberlain appointed Munster Paymaster-General, an office he held until January 1939, when he was made Under-Secretary of State for War. He remained in this position until September 1939. 
Munster returned to the government in January 1943 when Winston Churchill appointed him Parliamentary Secretary for India and Burma, a post he held until October 1944, and then served as Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department until July 1945 when Labour came to power. When Churchill became Prime Minister for a second time in 1951 Munster was appointed Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies, an office he retained until 1954, and was then Minister without Portfolio between 1954 and 1957. In 1954 he was admitted to the Privy Council. Apart from his political career he was also Lord Lieutenant of Surrey from 1957 to 1973. In 1957, he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE). 
Personal life.
Lord Munster married Hilary Wilson in 1928. Lord Munster died in August 1975, aged 69, and was succeeded in his titles by his second cousin, Edward Charles FitzClarence, 6th Earl of Munster. 
Hilary, Lady Munster, was an accomplished musician who, in 1958, founded the Countess of Munster Musical Trust; she died in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9878791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878791" title="Madre Alegría">
Madre Alegría

Madre Alegría is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878799" title="The Marihuana Story">
The Marihuana Story

The Marihuana Story () is a 1950 Argentine film directed by León Klimovsky. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
Production.
The relative financial success of the American exploitation film "She Shoulda Said 'No'!" (1949), a morality tale involving the use of marijuana, prompted producers in 1951 to import "The Marihuana Story" from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9878809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878809" title="Piantadino">
Piantadino

Piantadino is a 1950 Argentine Spanish language comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica.
The film is based on the cartoon character of the same name created by Adolfo Mazzone.
Comic strip character.
Piantadino was a classic comic strip character created by one of Argentina's most notable comics artists and humorists, Adolfo Mazzone. 
Piantadino was Mazzone's best known character. 
The name Piantadino is a diminutive of "Piantado", which means mentally disturbed person, half-mad or, a person who escapes, whether that be physically or just from a situation.
First appearing in the newspaper "El Mundo" in 1941, Piantadino, the daily comic strip, followed the adventures of a convict who behaved in jail as if he were on a pension. With the characters Afanancio and Barili, the three formed a sympathetic trio of scoundrels. The character subsequently appeared in Guillermo Divito's magazine "Rico Tipo". 
Piantadino was adapted for cinema in 1950. 
In the 1970s and 1980s, the comic strip was re-published as a comic magazine.
Film production.
Piantadino was made into a film by Emelco-Cinematográfica Interamericana.
The script was written by Carlos A. Petit and Rodolfo Sciamarella, and the film was directed by Francisco Mugica.
It was filmed in black-and-white.
The elusive convict was played by Pepe Iglesias, known for his title role in "El Zorro pierde el pelo". 
Other stars were Norma Giménez, Juan José Porta and Rodolfo Onetto.
Carlos Fioriti played "Afanancio" and Rafael Diserio played "Batilio".
The film premiered at the "Ocean" cinema on March 24, 1950.
Film plot.
While working for an insurance company, the title character, Piantadino, a shy man, is selected by sly characters to insure some things that they will later make disappear. Though Piantadino lacks courage, he nonetheless uncovers the fraudulent activity, making a positive impression on his fiancée's father.

</doc>
<doc id="9878815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878815" title="Los Pérez García">
Los Pérez García

Los Pérez García is a 1950 Argentine film.
Martín Zabalúa, Sara Prósperi, Juan Carlos Altavista, Julián Bourges. Gustavo Cavero, Manolita Poli, Pedro Prevosti, Beatriz Taibo, Paula Darlán, Celia Geraldy, Carlos Ginés, Mario Clavel Orquesta Francini Portier Arturo Arcari
External links.
Equipo Técnico
Producción: 

</doc>
<doc id="9878817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878817" title="Religion in Karnataka">
Religion in Karnataka

Religion in Karnataka has played a very important role in shaping modern Indian religions and philosophy.
Hinduism.
The three most important schools of Vedanta Hinduism, Advaita Vedanta, Vishishtadvaita and Dvaita, blossomed in Karnataka. The Dvaita Madhvacharya was born in Karnataka. The Advaita Adi Shankara chose Shringeri in Karnataka to establish the first of his four mathas. The Vishishtadvaita Ramanuja, considered a saint in Sri Sampradaya, who fled persecution by the Shaiva Chola dynasty of Tamil Nadu, spent from 1098-1122 in Karnataka. He first lived in Tondanur and then moved to Melukote where the Cheluvanarayana Swamy Temple and a well-organised matha were built. He was patronized by Hoysala Vishnuvardhana. Udupi, Shringeri, Gokarna and Melukote are well known places of Sanskrit and Vedic learning. In the 12th century, Lingayatism emerged in northern Karnataka as a protest against the rigidity of the prevailing social and caste system. Leading figures of the movement such as Basava, Akka Mahadevi and Allama Prabhu established the Anubhava Mantapa where Lingayatism was expounded. This was to form the basis of the Lingayat faith and today counts millions among its followers.
Jainism.
Jainism had a stronghold in Karnataka in the early medieval period at Shravanabelagola as its most important centre. The first Tirthankara, Rishabha, is said to have spent his final days in Karnataka. Both Jain philosophy and literature have contributed immensely to the religious and cultural landscape of Karnataka. Jain influence on literature and philosophy is particularly evident. Shravana Belgola, Moodabidri, and Karkala are famous for Jain history and monuments.
Buddhism.
Buddhism was once popular in Karnataka during the first millennium in places such as Gulbarga and Banavasi. A chance discovery of edicts and several Mauryan relics at Sannati in the Gulbarga district in 1986 has proven that the Krishna river basin was once home to both Mahayana and Theravada Buddhism. In recent times, Buddhism thrives here and calls Dzogchen monastery and the Dhondeling Tibetan refugee camps as home.
Culture.
Karnataka played a very important role in shaping present day Indian religion and philosophy. Udupi, Sringeri, Gokarna and Melukote are well known places of Sanskrit learning and Vedic learning. Shravanabelagola, Mudabidri, Karkala are famous for Jain history and monuments.
The great saint Madhvacharya (1238-1317 AD), proponent of dvaita philosophy and Raghavendra Swami were born here. Adi Sankara, proponent of advaita found enlightenment in Sringeri which became the first of four mathas he established in India. Fearing persecution from the Tamil CholasRamanujacharya fled Tamil Nadu and came to Karnataka during the rule of the Hoysala dynasty and preached his philosophy from Melukote.
In the 12th century AD, Virashaivism spread from northern Karnataka across the Deccan. Many of its founders, such as Basavanna, Akka Mahadevi came from the region.
It was here the Jain religion got a warm welcome and enjoyed a glorious growth during the medieval period. It is also here where the current day Dzogchen Monastery and the Dhondeling Tibetan Refugee camps are set up and the Tibetans are very well absorbed in the Kannadiga culture.
Temples.
The Empires and Kingdoms that came to rule from Karnataka were prolific builders. The Badami Chalukyas spawned the "Vesara" style of architecture and experimented with several myriad styles with frequent intermixing of "Nagara" and Dravida concepts. This period is the beginning of Hindu rock cut architecture, both in stand alone and cave temple idioms, numerous examples of which exist in Pattadakal, Aihole and Badami - (Badami Cave Temples). Their successors, the Rashtrakuta created master piece temples further favoring Dravidian concepts. Most of their temples in Karnataka are scattered over northern Karnataka districts.
The Ganga Dynasty of Talakad built many Jaina monuments including the monolithic statue of Gomateshwara at Shravanabelagola. The Western Chalukyas used the "In-between" style, implying a bridge between Chalukya - Rashtrakuta and Hoysala styles, with the best temples of their style located in the central districts of Gadag district(Lakkundi, Dambal, Sudi, Lakshmeshwar, Gadag), Koppal district(Mahadeva Temple (Itagi), Kuknur), Haveri district (Galaganatha, Chaudayyadanapura, Haveri, Harlahalli, Hangal) and Dharwad District (Annigeri, Kundgol, Tamboor, Chandramouleshwara Temple Unakal Hubli). It was during the reign of the Hoysalas that the temple architecture reached its epoch and gained recognition as an independent style called (Henry Ferguson, Percy Brown) owing to its many unique features. Later the Vijayanagar Empire would incorporate all these various styles and create a unique blend called Vijayanagar style,
the best examples of which are in the vast open air theater of monuments at Hampi.
Islam and Christianity.
Islam, which had an early presence in the west coast of India as early as the 10th century gained a foothold in Karnataka with the arrival of the Bahmani Sultanate and Adil Shahi dynasty, which ruled parts of Karnataka.
Christianity reached Karnataka in the 16th century with the arrival of the Portuguese and St. Francis Xavier in 1545.
Today, Islam and Christianity have a sizable following in Karnataka and have contributed to the cultural cosmopolitanism of the state.
Islam.
Islam arrived in Karnataka and Kerala in the 7th century when Arab merchants trading in spices .Muslims introduced coffee, incense sticks and the paper industry to the local economy. Following the 12th century, various invading Islamic armies established sultanates in this area such as the Bahamani sultanate of Bidar (1347–1510) and the Adilshahi dynasty of the Bijapur Sultanate (1490–1686). This land came under Mughal rule in the 17th century under Aurangzeb's rule. With the disintegration of Mughal rule, Hyder Ali and his son Tippu Sultan established their rule over the Mysore area. They violently resisted British rule in the area, but without adequate cooperation from other kingdoms, were defeated. Though killed by the British in 1799, Tippu Sultan was one of the only Indian leaders to defeat the British in battle. In addition, the Nizams of Hyderabad ruled over large parts of Northeastern Karnataka. This land only became part of Karnataka after the passing of the 1956 States Reorganisation Act.
Muslims form approximately 8.5% of the population of Karnataka. While Muslims can be found in all districts of Karanataka, Muslims have a stronger presence in: 
On the other hand, the proportion of Muslims is lower in central Karnataka. The main spoken language of Muslims in Karnataka is Urdu, spoken in the Dakhni accent. There are a large number of Muslim run educational institutions in Karnataka. Muslims also have modestly higher levels of progress in terms of education and wealth in Karnataka (as in the rest of South India) than in states of North India, as they are comparatively given more opportunities than their North Indian counterparts. 
Christianity.
Christianity arrived in Karnataka between 1500-1600 CE with the Portuguese. the majority of Christians found in west coast of Karnataka that is from Karwar to Mangalore.
Mangalore has the largest population of Roman Catholics as compared to other parts of Karnataka. They are mostly descended from Goan Catholics who immigrated from Goa in the 17th and 18th centuries. There are also some Protestants found in Karnataka. Many of them are of local origin. Protestants are the result of British missionaries' work during the British empire in India. However the British conversion was voluntary and not compulsory as Portuguese was in most cases. Due to this the Protestants are less in number as compared to the Catholics. Bangalore has a large number of Catholics as well as Protestant people.
St. Mary's Basilica is the only basilica in Karnataka and the oldest church in Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="9878820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878820" title="El Puente (Maya site)">
El Puente (Maya site)

El Puente, or the "Parque Arqueológico El Puente" ("El Puente Archaeological Park"), is a Maya archaeological site in the department of Copán in Honduras. Once an independent Maya city, the city of El Puente became a tributary to the nearby city of Copán between the 6th and 9th centuries AD. The site contains more than 200 structures that include tombs, religious structures, and living quarters, but only a few have been excavated, including a large Maya step pyramid.
El Puente is located in the Florida Valley in the municipality of La Jigua, to the north of the Honduran town of La Entrada. The site is north of the confluence of the Chamelecón and Chinamito Rivers. El Puente is east of the El Paraíso archaeological site. The site is located within the Southern Maya area on the southeastern periphery of Mesoamerica, and it was situated on the frontier between Maya and non-Maya peoples.
The site was first described by Jens Yde in 1935, he mapped the site but did not carry out any excavations. The site was declared as Cultural Heritage of the Nation by executive decree in March 1989. The La Entrada Archaeological Project (PALE – from "Proyecto Arqueológico La Entrada" in Spanish) started excavations at El Puente in 1991 with the intention of creating the second archaeological park in the country, after Copán. The Parque Arqueológico El Puente opened on 20 January 1994 and includes a visitor centre, site museum and administrative offices.
History.
El Puente appears to have been first settled around the middle of the 6th century AD, in the Early Classic period, fairly late in the Mesoamerican timescale and occupation at the site did not last very long. Architectural and ceramic similarities with Copán suggest that El Puente was founded by that city to control the crossroads of two trade routes that met in the valley. The site was a regional centre during the Late Classic period when it remained closely allied with the great city of Copán.
After the collapse of Copán in the Terminal Classic (between AD 850–950), the La Entrada region suffered politically with local elites losing prestige and territory. However, unlike at Copán, there does not seem to have been overuse of local resources and El Puente appears to have received immigrants from Copán during the Late Classic.
Site description.
Although the architecture is predominantly Maya there are slight non-Maya influences from the neighbouring non-Maya area, such as long structures connected end-to-end. The architecture at El Puente also tends to lack the symmetry found in traditional Maya sites with a long occupational history, perhaps due to a lesser level of technical ability. For example, stairways on the main buildings are of different sizes on each of the four sides of the structures. Quality of workmanship in the working of stone for construction can differ markedly from one building to the next, or even within the same structure.
The principal materials for construction were tufa, schist and a hard limestone, with tufa being the commonest stone used at the site. The tufa is very fragile and the cut tufa stones have frequently crumbled to dust. The infill used within the structures is quite inconsistent and consists of stone, earth and clay. The mortar used in construction was of low quality, with little lime, using only a hard clay that was particularly vulnerable to water damage, causing the stucco facing to come away from the structures and resulting in their complete collapse.
The plazas had a well-designed drainage system to channel runoff rainwater. These channels were carved from stone and at the base of Structure 5 one of the channels is still functional. Another has been excavated on the east side of Structure 3.
Several burials have been excavated, some are accompanied by offerings of jade and ceramic vessels decorated with bands of hieroglyphs. One of these vessels contained an additional offering of 13 obsidian prismatic blades. Rough stones were placed in a circle around one burial, with a seashell placed beside the skull.
Green obsidian from the Pachuca source in central Mexico has been excavated at the site.
Structures.
El Puente has 210 structures and the site core contains 5 plazas. Nine structures at the site have been investigated and restored. Parts of the site have been severely damaged by looters and by agricultural activities.
Structure 1 is the tallest building at El Puente, measuring tall. It appears to have been built in the 7th century AD, its earliest version bears a stylistic similarity to buildings from that period in Copán. It was a radial pyramid with six tiers and stairways on all four sides, with the east and west stairways being the best preserved. It was topped by a superstructure with three rooms and fallen remains indicated that it had a vaulted roof with channels to drain off rainwater. The wall was decorated with sculptures of three human figures. Archaeologists have tunnelled within the structure and have also excavated around it, revealing a large amount of ceramic fragments, burnt clay, and burnt maize and beans. The structure has been badly damaged by looters.
Structure 3 has excellent quality stonework in the wall on the north side of its first-level platform but the rest of the building features markedly poorer quality workmanship.
Structure 4 is on the northwest side of Plaza 1, at the extreme northwest of the site core.
Structure 5 is also on the northwest side of Plaza 1, at the extreme northwest of the site core. It has three Copán-style rooms and traces of domestic activity were found during excavation. At only thick, the walls were not thick enough to have supported a vaulted roof.
Structure 31 is a pyramid on the eastern side of the site core. Its eastern portion has been badly damaged by looters. The structure supported two rooms. The main room has the remains of a stone bench and an entrance that opens onto the main stairway that climbs the west side of the structure from Plaza C. The building had several construction phases, all dating to the Late Classic. Excavators found an increase in fragments of Copán-style polychrome ceramics in the final construction phase. An altar and a stela were associated with the temple, the stela was not inscribed with any hieroglyphic text.

</doc>
<doc id="9878823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878823" title="MSH2">
MSH2

DNA mismatch repair protein Msh2 also known as MutS protein homolog 2 or MSH2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MSH2" gene, which is located on chromosome 2. MSH2 is a tumor suppressor that is a DNA mismatch repair (MMR) protein which forms a heterodimer with MSH6 to make the human MutSα mismatch repair complex. It also dimerizes with MSH3 to form the MutSβ DNA repair complex. MSH2 is involved in many different forms of DNA repair, including transcription-coupled repair, homologous recombination, and base excision repair.
Mutations in the MSH2 gene are associated with microsatellite instability and some cancers, especially with hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC).
Clinical significance.
Hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC), sometimes referred to as Lynch syndrome, is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, where inheritance of only one copy of a mutated mismatch repair gene is enough to cause disease phenotype. Mutations in the MSH2 gene account for 40% of genetic alterations associated with this disease and is the leading cause, together with MLH1 mutations. Mutations associated with HNPCC are broadly distributed in all domains of MSH2, and hypothetical functions of these mutations based on the crystal structure of the MutSα include protein-protein interactions, stability, allosteric regulation, MSH2-MSH6 interface, and DNA binding. Mutations in MSH2 and other mismatch repair genes cause mutations to build up over a person's life that otherwise would have been fixed when the mutation was made.
Microsatellite instability.
The viability of MMR genes including "MSH2" can be tracked via microsatellite instability, a biomarker test that analyzes short sequence repeats which are very difficult for cells to replicate without a functioning mismatch repair system. Because these sequences vary in the population, the actual number of copies of short sequence repeats does not matter, just that the number the patient does have is consistent from tissue to tissue and over time. This phenomena occurs because these sequences are prone to mistakes by the DNA replication complex, which then need to be fixed by the mismatch repair genes. If these are not working, over time either duplications or deletions of these sequences will occur, leading to different numbers of repeats in the same patient.
71% of HNPCC patients show microsatellite instability. Detection methods for microsatellite instability include polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and immunohistochemical (IHC) methods, polymerase chain checking the DNA and immunohistochemical surveying mismatch repair protein levels. "Currently, there are evidences that universal testing fro MSI starting with either IHC or PCR-based MSI testing is cost effective, sensitive, specific and is generally widely accepted."
Role in mismatch repair.
In eukaryotes from yeast to humans, MSH2 dimerizes with MSH6 to form the MutSα complex, which is involved in base mismatch repair and short insertion/deletion loops. MSH2 heterodimerization stabilizes MSH6, which is not stable because of its N-terminal disordered domain. Conversely, MSH2 does not have a nuclear localization sequence (NLS), so it is believed that MSH2 and MSH6 dimerize in the cytoplasm and then are imported into the nucleus together. In the MutSα dimer, MSH6 interacts with the DNA for mismatch recognition while MSH2 provides the stability that MSH6 requires. MSH2 can be imported into the nucleus without dimerizing to MSH6, in this case, MSH2 is probably dimerized to MSH3 to form MutSβ. MSH2 has two interacting domains with MSH6 in the MutSα heterodimer, a DNA interacting domain, and an ATPase domain.
The MutSα dimer scans double stranded DNA in the nucleus, looking for mismatched bases. When the complex finds one, it repairs the mutation in an ATP dependent manner. The MSH2 domain of MutSα prefers ADP to ATP, with the MSH6 domain preferring the opposite. Studies have indicated that MutSα only scans DNA with the MSH2 domain harboring ADP, while the MSH6 domain can contain either ADP or ATP. MutSα then associates with MLH1 to repair the damaged DNA.
MutSβ is formed when MSH2 complexes with MSH3 instead of MSH6. This dimer repairs longer insertion/deletion loops than MutSα. Because of the nature of the mutations that this complex repairs, this is probably the state of MSH2 that causes the microsatellite instability phenotype. Large DNA insertions and deletions intrinsically bend the DNA double helix. The MSH2/MSH3 dimer can recognize this topology and initiate repair. The mechanism by which it recognizes mutations is different as well, because it separates the two DNA strands, which MutSα does not.
Interactions.
MSH2 has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="9878826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878826" title="Suzanne Charney">
Suzanne Charney

Suzanne Charny (born 1944) is an American actress and dancer.
Her first big break came in early 1965, when she was cast as one of the featured dancers in the weekly NBC musical variety series "Hullabaloo", which aired until spring of 1966. She was the lead frug dancer in the original Broadway production of "Sweet Charity" and reprised the role in the movie version (1969). From 1970–1986, she frequently appeared on television shows such as "", "Kojak", "The Rockford Files", "Starsky & Hutch", "The Incredible Hulk" and others. She is a member of the Professional Dancers Society.
She was a 2004 recipient of the Professional Dancers Society's Gypsy Robe in honor of her contributions to the field of dance.

</doc>
<doc id="9878827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878827" title="None But the Brave">
None But the Brave

None But the Brave, also known as in Japan, is a 1965 war film starring Frank Sinatra, Clint Walker, Tatsuya Mihashi, Tommy Sands and Brad Dexter. This is the only film directed by Frank Sinatra, and the first Japanese-American co-production, produced by Sinatra for Warner Bros. and Kikumaru Okuda for Toho Studios.
Plot.
Narrated in English by a Japanese officer named Kuroki (in the form of a journal he is writing for his wife), a platoon of Japanese soldiers is stranded on an island in the Pacific with no means of communicating with the outside world. Lieutenant Kuroki (Tatsuya Mihashi) keeps his men firmly in hand and is supervising the building of a boat for their escape.
An American C-47/R4D transport plane is shot down by a Japanese Zero, which in turn is shot down by an American F4U Corsair, on the same island with a platoon of U.S. marines led by Captain Dennis Bourke (Clint Walker), Sergeant Bleeker (Brad Dexter) and 2nd Lieutenant Blair (Tommy Sands). Confidante to Bourke is the chief pharmacist mate (Frank Sinatra). As both sides learn of each other's existence on the island, tension mounts resulting in a battle for the Japanese boat. The vessel is destroyed and a Japanese soldier is seriously injured. Calling a truce, Koruki trades the Americans access to water in exchange for a visit from their doctor to treat the wounded soldier, whose leg has to be amputated. 
The truce results in both platoons living side by side, although a line is drawn forbidding one from encroaching on the other's side of the island. At first, there is some clandestine cooperation and trading and earnest respect and friendship. When the Americans establish radio contact and their pick-up by a US naval vessel is arranged they demand that the Japanese surrender. As the Americans proceed to the beach, the American captain orders his men to shoot to kill. They are ambushed by the coerced Japanese platoon, who presumably were also unwillingly acting on orders to shoot to kill. The Americans were given no option, but to retaliate in self-defense that results in an ensuing bloody and pointless firefight during which all the Japanese (including Kuroki) and most of the Americans are shot dead. The medic, Bourke, Bleeker, Blair and Corporal Ruffino (Richard Bakalyan) are the only survivors of the skirmish. They move onto the beach and wait to be rescued by the American naval vessel, stationed just offshore. Kuroki's final narration calls what he is to do "just another day." The film ends with a long shot of the island, superimposed with the words "Nobody ever wins".
Cast.
Japanese: 
American:
Production notes.
The title is from the John Dryden poem, "Alexander's Feast," stanza 1: "None but the brave/deserve the fair."
da
This was the sixth of nine films produced by Frank Sinatra. During filming, on May 10, 1964 in Hawaii, Sinatra was caught in a riptide along with Ruth Koch, wife of producer Howard Koch. Dexter and two surfers were able to rescue Sinatra and Ruth Koch, saving their lives. The executive producers were famed cinematographer and former president of the American Society of Cinematographers, William H. Daniels and Howard W. Koch, former president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Some posters for the film featured the American cast on the left side and the Japanese cast on the right, with an island in the middle.
The Director of Special Effects was Eiji Tsuburaya, who helmed visual effects on numerous war pictures, the original "Godzilla" for Toho Studios in 1954, as well as the subsequent sci-fi and fantasy films that followed in "Godzilla'"s wake.
Jimmy Griffin (who portrayed Pvt Dexter in the film) went on to form the 1970s rock band Bread alongside singer David Gates, writing a number of successful compositions, and winning an Academy Award in 1970 as the co-writer (under the pseudonym of Arthur James) on "For All We Know".
Critical response.
Upon release, "The New York Times"’ Bosley Crowther ignored the film's anti-war overtones and gave the production a largely negative review, writing, "A minimum show of creative invention and a maximum use of cinema clichés are evident in the staging of this war film," and "Mr. Sinatra, as producer and director, as well as actor of the secondary role of the booze-guzzling medical corpsman, displays distinction only in the latter job. Being his own director, he has no trouble stealing scenes, especially the one in which he burbles boozy wisecracks while preparing to saw off the shivering Japanese's leg. Mr. Sinatra is crashingly casual when it comes to keeping the Japanese in their place." Crowther also noted "Clint Walker … Tommy Sands … Brad Dexter … and Tony Bill … make over-acting—phony acting—the trademark of the film. What with incredible color and the incredible screenplay of Katsuya Susaki and John Twist, this adds up to quite a fake concoction."
Current critic Robert Horton (of Washington’s "The Herald") calls "None But the Brave" “a 1965 anti-war picture that turns out to be much more interesting and compelling than its reputation would suggest,” that “predates the rash of anti-war counterculture movies by a few years,” also noting that it “bears the influence of "Bridge on the River Kwai" with a little "Mister Roberts" thrown in, but it has a bitterness about war that goes all the way through to the forceful final title, a reflection of Sinatra's liberal views at the time.” Horton points out that Clint Eastwood received a lot of credit for making two films that showed World War II from the American and the Japanese sides ("Flags of Our Fathers" and "Letters from Iwo Jima"), but that “in a way, Sinatra had already done it, and in one movie.”

</doc>
<doc id="9878828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878828" title="Comic Relief Does Fame Academy">
Comic Relief Does Fame Academy

Comic Relief Does Fame Academy is a spin-off of the original Fame Academy show where celebrities (students) sing as students of the Academy. The programme was launched in 2003 to help raise money for the charities supported by Comic Relief, with the final of the show occurring on Red Nose Day. Coverage of the show was widely shown on BBC One, BBC Three, BBC Prime and the CBBC Channel.
Many consider the celebrity version of the show to be far more successful than its predecessor. The Comic Relief series returned in 2005 and again in March 2007. It was announced by the BBC that Cat Deeley would not return because she was hosting So You Think You Can Dance. However, Patrick Kielty returned with co-host and host of the former spin-off show Claudia Winkleman.
Format.
Each day, in the two weeks leading up to Comic Relief, the remaining students would perform a song of their choice, with guidance from vocal coaches Carrie Grant & David Grant, to a live national audience. The judges then gave their comments on each performance. After all of the students have sung their songs the voting lines opened for around two hours.
In the results show, the students are told who is safe from the sing-off for that day and the remaining three have to perform their song again. After this the judging panel choose which student they wish to save and return to the Academy. Of the remaining two left, the students then vote who they want to stay with them in the Academy and the remaining student is eliminated from the competition.
During their time at the Academy the students are given vocal lessons by Carrie Grant and husband David Grant, whilst Kevin Adams leads the dance classes. Richard Park is the "headmaster".
Comic Relief Does Fame Academy (2003).
The first live show took place on 7 March 2003 and lasted until Red Nose Day on 14 March, where the final show was presented and the winner was announced. Nine British celebrities moved into the Fame Academy.
The celebrities were (in order of elimination):
Most of the original Fame Academy teachers were back, including Richard Park, Carrie Grant, and Kevin Adams. David Grant was a newcomer, as a second voice coach.
The same elimination mechanism as the 2002 series, with the teachers putting three on 'probation' each night, with the public saving one and the students the second.
However in the 'semi-final' with only three students left the producers decided to change the student vote to include all expelled students as well as the contestant saved by the public. 
Will, who was saved by the public, voted to save Kwame, while all six of the expelled students voted to save Ruby, changing the lineup of the final two.
Will was the eventual winner of the show.
Comic Relief Does Fame Academy (2005).
On 26 February 2005, Comic Relief Does Fame Academy returned for a second live airing. The production and broadcasting for the live shows was done from a new location on the south bank of the River Thames, between Tower Bridge and London City Hall.
The celebrities that took part were, in order of elimination:
There were changes for this series. "Strictly Come Dancing" judge Craig Revel Horwood and opera star Lesley Garrett were brought in as judges. Singing coaches Carrie and David Grant were no longer on the judging panel, but were present during the live shows and were invited to give their views when necessary.
The elimination mechanism was the same as the second series proper, however Park no longer had a casting vote in the event of the Judges' vote being tied, with the public vote resolving any deadlock.
The five remaining students were given a masterclass courtesy of McFly, who released "All About You" as Comic Relief's official single that year.
The series had its fair share of drama and conflict. As with series two of the main show, host Patrick Kielty and headteacher Richard Park clashed continually throughout the series. While it was assumed by some that the arguments were staged to build up interest for the show, this appeared to be disproved when Richard Park was spotted making a rude hand gesture towards Patrick Kielty, as co-host Cat Deeley was attempting to introduce the next act. The BBC received over 400 complaints, although Kielty joked about the incident in a subsequent episode. A spokeswoman for the programme said: "Richard Park did not realise he was on camera at the time. It is a live show and tensions were running high but we are really sorry if any offence was caused." [http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/entertainment/filmandtv/tv/s/150/150447_parks_in_hand_gesture_controversy.html]
The feud between Kielty and Park spilled over into the press after the show had ended. Park claimed that Kielty's presenting skills had been "sub-standard" and speculated that he would never be seen on BBC screens again. Kielty was later announced as the host of ITV's "Celebrity Love Island".
Teachers Carrie and David were also involved in a feud with Craig Revel Horwood. Horwood regularly criticised the performances of the celebrities, particularly Debra Stephenson and Reggie Yates. In one episode of the show, Carrie accused Craig of trying to kill the spirits of the singers.
There was also some speculation that the students were colluding with each other during the student vote to ensure 'close' results. The contestants asked the producers to be excused of the student vote, however the producers refused.
Because of this, many felt the students deliberately invoked a tie when there was only six left, so that the public would have the casting vote. To stop this happening in the semi-final, where a tie was also possible, ex-students also voted (making 11 votes in total, meaning no tie was possible. Therefore one student was put in the final by the public, another by the Judges and the third by the former and current students.
During the Comic Relief show on 11 March (Red Nose Day), Edith Bowman was announced as the winner. The runner-up was Kim Medcalf and in third place Adrian Edmondson.
Comic Relief Does Fame Academy (2007).
The third series of "Comic Relief Does Fame Academy" launched on 3 March and continued nightly from 7 to 16 March (Red Nose Day).
Hosts.
Regular host Patrick Kielty was joined by Claudia Winkleman who moved over from BBC Three, to replace Cat Deeley and preside over the live event from "Fame Academy"'s new venue, the Debating Chamber in County Hall, London. Caroline Flack replaced Sophie McDonnell (who replaced Holly Willoughby in 2005) and joined Jake Humphrey for CBBC's coverage of Fame Academy. The BBC Three coverage was hosted by Sarah Cawood and Dominic Wood. Cat Deeley's exit was down to her 'golden handcuffs' ITV2 contract presenting "So You Think You Can Dance" in the United States.
The Celebrities that took part were, in order of elimination:
Live launch night.
On the live launch night, the celebrities sang one song each to the usual judging panel; Craig Revel Horwood, Lesley Garrett and Richard Park. The viewers' vote left Angellica Bell, Miranda Hart and Rowland Rivron in the "bottom three". All three celebrities sang their song for a second time, and the judges were asked to save one of them. Both Craig and Richard saved Angellica, while Lesley saved Miranda, which meant that Angellica was through to the next stage of the competition. The eleven "safe" celebrities were then asked to vote to save either Miranda or Rowland. Miranda received ten votes, while Rowland only received one. Rowland, who showed off fake breasts during his performance of "Stand By Your Man," became the first evicted celebrity of the series. Colin Murray, the only celebrity to vote for Rowland, said that the "Academy" needed more men in it, otherwise "everyone would be talking about "Sex and the City" all the time."

</doc>
<doc id="9878834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878834" title="MLH1">
MLH1

MutL homolog 1, colon cancer, nonpolyposis type 2 (E. coli), also known as mlh1, is a human gene located on Chromosome 3. It is a gene commonly associated with hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer.
It can also be associated with Turcot syndrome.
Interactions.
MLH1 has been shown to interact with Exonuclease 1, MSH4, PMS2, Myc, Bloom syndrome protein and MBD4.

</doc>
<doc id="9878835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878835" title="Ken Mendenhall">
Ken Mendenhall

Ken E. Mendenhall (born August 11, 1948 in Stillwater, Oklahoma) is a former American football center who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the Baltimore Colts.
Born in Stillwater, Mendenhall grew up in Pawhuska in Osage County, Oklahoma. He later attended Enid High School and went on to play for the University of Oklahoma, where he was "described as a devastating one-on-one blocker." 
As a 1969 All-American center, he was valued by his college teammates. "He's always got the path cleared for you," said tailback Steve Owens. "He's fantastic coming off the ball on a man right in front of him. I'm glad we have him up there." In fact, "he cleared the way for Owens, who is OU's all-time leading scorer" and 1969 Heisman Trophy winner.
Drafted in the fifth-round of the 1970 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons, Mendenhall was traded several times before landing with the Baltimore Colts where he played out his 10-season career. After the Colts' 1980 season, he retired from professional football with the distinction of having "started 118 consecutive games for the Colts, beginning in the fourth game of 1973 and continuing through the last game of 1980."

</doc>
<doc id="9878887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878887" title="Very special relativity">
Very special relativity

Ignoring gravity, experimental bounds seem to suggest that special relativity with its Lorentz symmetry and Poincaré symmetry describes spacetime. Surprisingly, Cohen and Glashow have demonstrated that a small subgroup of the Lorentz group is sufficient to explain all the current bounds.
The minimal subgroup in question can be described as follows: The stabilizer of a null vector is the special Euclidean group SE(2), which contains T(2) as the subgroup of parabolic transformations. This T(2), when extended to include either parity or time reversal (i.e. subgroups of the orthochronous and time-reversal respectively), is sufficient to give us all the standard predictions. Their new symmetry is called Very Special Relativity (VSR).

</doc>
<doc id="9878899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878899" title="Sabatia angularis">
Sabatia angularis

Sabatia angularis (Rosepink, Rose Pink, American centaury, Bitterbloom, Bitter floom, Square-stemmed Sabbatia) is a plant native to the United States. It blooms from July to August with fragrant pink flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="9878901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878901" title="MSH6">
MSH6

MSH6 or mutS homolog 6 is a gene that codes for DNA mismatch repair protein Msh6 in the budding yeast "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". It is the homologue of the human "G/T binding protein," (GTBP) also called p160 or hMSH6 (human MSH6). The MSH6 protein is a member of the Mutator S (MutS) family of proteins that are involved in DNA damage repair.
Defects in hMSH6 are associated with atypical hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer not fulfilling the Amsterdam criteria for HNPCC. hMSH6 mutations have also been linked to endometrial cancer and the development of endometrial carcinomas.
Discovery.
MSH6 was first identified in the budding yeast "S. cerevisiae" because of its homology to MSH2. The identification of the human GTBP gene and subsequent amino acid sequence availability showed that yeast MSH6 and human GTBP were more related to each other than any other MutS homolog, with a 26.6% amino acid identity. Thus, GTBP took on the name human MSH6, or hMSH6.
Structure.
In the human genome, hMSH6 is located on chromosome 2. It contains the Walker-A/B adenine nucleotide binding motif, which is the most highly conserved sequence found in all MutS homologs. As with other MutS homologs, hMSH6 has an intrinsic ATPase activity. It functions exclusively when bound to hMSH2 as a heterodimer, although hMSH2 itself can function as a homomultimer or as a heterodimer with hMSH3. 
Function.
Importance of mismatch repair.
Mismatches commonly occur as a result of DNA replication errors, genetic recombination, or other chemical and physical factors. Recognizing those mismatches and repairing them is extremely important for cells, because failure to do so results in microsatellite instability, an elevated spontaneous mutation rate (mutator phenotype), and susceptibility to HNPCC. 
hMSH6 combines with hMSH2 to form the active protein complex, hMutS alpha, also called hMSH2-hMSH6.
Mismatch recognition.
Mismatch recognition by this complex is regulated by the ADP to ATP transformation, which provides evidence that hMutS alpha complex functions as a molecular switch. In normal DNA, adenine (A) bonds with thymine (T) and cytosine (C) bonds with guanine (G). Sometimes there will be a mismatch where T will bind with G, which is called a G/T mismatch. When a G/T mismatch is recognized, hMutS alpha complex binds and exchanges ADP for ATP. The ADP-->ATP exchange causes a conformational change to convert hMutS alpha into a sliding clamp that can diffuse along the DNA backbone. The ATP induces a release of the complex from the DNA and allows the hMutS alpha to dissociate along the DNA like a sliding clamp. This transformation helps trigger downstream events to repair the damaged DNA.
Cancer Research.
Mutations in hMSH6.
Although mutations in hMSH2 cause a strong general mutator phenotype, mutations in hMSH6 cause only a modest mutator phenotype. At the gene level, the mutations were found to cause primarily single-base substitution mutations, which suggests that the role of hMSH6 is primarily for correcting single-base substitution mutations and to a lesser extent single base insertion/deletion mutations. 
Mutations in the hMSH6 gene cause the protein to be nonfunctional or only partially active, thus reducing its ability to repair mistakes in DNA. The loss of MSH6 function results in instability at mononucleotide repeats. HNPCC is most commonly caused by mutations in hMSH2 and hMLH1, but mutations in hMSH6 are linked to an atypical form of HNPCC. The penetrance of colorectal cancer seems to be lower in these mutations, meaning that a low proportion of hMSH6 mutation carriers present with the disease. Endometrial cancer, on the other hand, seems to be a more important clinical manifestation for female mutation carriers. The onset of endometrial cancer and also colon cancer in families with hMSH6 mutations is about 50 years. This is delayed compared to the age 44 onset of hMSH2-related tumors. 
Interactions.
MSH6 has been shown to interact with MSH2, PCNA and BRCA1.

</doc>
<doc id="9878951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878951" title="Learning to Fly (video)">
Learning to Fly (video)

Hilary Duff: Learning to Fly is the third long-form video by American singer Hilary Duff. It was released on November 16, 2004, by Hollywood Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9878954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878954" title="Optima Bus Corporation">
Optima Bus Corporation

Optima Bus, LLC, formerly Chance Coach Inc., was a brand of small transit buses manufactured by North American Bus Industries. It was established in 1976 in Wichita, Kansas.
It was originally the trolley-replica and conventional-bus production business of Chance Industries, Inc. In 1998, Chance Coach, Inc. was sold to American Capital Strategies, which rebranded the company as Optima Bus Corporation in 2003. American Capital subsequently sold Optima to North American Bus Industries, who closed the Kansas assembly plant on August 8, 2007, with production moved to their existing plant in Anniston, Alabama. Optima Bus is now North American Bus Industries, Inc.
Products.
Current.
There is a hybrid Opus version, called Opus ISE Series Hybrid Buses.
It utilizes ISE-Siemens ThunderVolt hybrid technology built around Siemens ELFA motors, generators and inverters.
Historic.
Chance manufactured the Sunliner trams, an open-air towed tram used at various parks and zoos in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9878957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878957" title="Romance en tres noches">
Romance en tres noches

Romance en tres noches is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878979" title="Juan Mondiola">
Juan Mondiola

Juan Mondiola is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878985" title="Mary tuvo la culpa">
Mary tuvo la culpa

Mary tuvo la culpa is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878986" title="Coscinasterias">
Coscinasterias

Coscinasterias is a genus of sea stars of the family Asteriidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="9878993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878993" title="La Muerte está mintiendo">
La Muerte está mintiendo

La Muerte está mintiendo is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878998" title="Una Noche en El Relámpago">
Una Noche en El Relámpago

Una Noche en El Relámpago is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879010" title="La Fuerza ciega">
La Fuerza ciega

La Fuerza ciega is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879017" title="Fuego sagrado">
Fuego sagrado

Fuego sagrado is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879022" title="Hombres a precio">
Hombres a precio

Hombres a precio is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879024" title="Historia de una noche de niebla">
Historia de una noche de niebla

Historia de una noche de niebla is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879029" title="Wagoto">
Wagoto

, or "soft style", is a style of kabuki acting that emphasizes realistic speech and gestures. Wagoto actors typically do not employ the exaggerated makeup and costuming common to the more exaggerated "aragoto" ("rough") style.
Wagoto was pioneered by Sakata Tōjūrō I, an actor in the Kamigata (Osaka-Kyoto) region. Plays that emphasize wagoto roles are typically tragic romances. Famous plays that emphasize wagoto roles include "Sonezaki Shinjū" ("The Love Suicides at Sonezaki") and "Kuruwa Bunshō" ("Tales of the Licensed Quarter").
Wagotoshi refers to Kabuki actors who specialize in wagoto roles. Notable wagotoshi include Bandō Kakitsu I and Matsumoto Kōshirō VII.

</doc>
<doc id="9879033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879033" title="Joe Childress">
Joe Childress

Joe Childress was a running back in the National Football League. For his entire career, he played for the St. Louis Cardinals. Joe left the Cardinals to coach the Houston OilersHouston Oilers. In his 40's, Joe contracted a type of cancer and began the battle which ultimately he lost. He received numerous honors in his name. Joe was a father of four children.

</doc>
<doc id="9879067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879067" title="Chance Coach">
Chance Coach

Chance Coach or Chance Coach, Inc. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9879072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879072" title="K M Shafiullah">
K M Shafiullah

Major General Kazi Mohammad Shafiullah (Bir Uttam) was the 2nd Chief of Army Staff of the Bangladesh Army. During the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, he was the Second in Command of Second East Bengal Regiment that revolted with six officers on the night of March 25, 1971. He became one of three brigade commanders, leading what was called the "S-force" (after his surname) during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. 
He was appointed as Chief of Army Staff from 1971 to 1975. Following the assassination of Sheikh Mujibir Rahman and the takeover bya military government, he retired from politics. He accepted an ambassadorial appointment overseas. 
Bangladesh forces.
Shafiullah was the Sector Commander of Bangladesh Forces Sector 3. His sector was mainly the opposite of Sylhet. The sector's areas were Dhaka, Mymensingh, Sylhet and parts of Comilla (present Brahmanbaria district). 
Later three brigades were formed, each identified by the initial of the commander's surname. His formation was fully structured and formalised by the end of September. As of September ’71, Commander of Sector 3 was assigned to Major A.N.M Nuruzzaman. Major Shafiullah was among those attending the Pakistan surrender on 16 December 1971 at Race Course in Dhaka.
Chief of Army Staff.
After the end of the war in December 1971, the Bangladesh government awarded him the Bir Uttam for his bravery and dedication, the second-highest military award in the country. He was appointed as the Chief of Army Staff of the Bangladesh Army by the Awami League government under Sheikh Mujibir Rahman. He remained the Bangladesh army chief throughout Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's Awami League and BAKSAL government's term until the military coup of August 15, 1975 and assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. 
Dismissed from the position by the following Mushtaq government, he retired from politics. General Shafiullah quickly accepted an ambassadorial post overseas, along with fellow Bangladesh Air Force Chief of Air Staff Air Vice Marshal A.K. Khandker.

</doc>
<doc id="9879078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879078" title="Turban lily">
Turban lily

Turban lily may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9879104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879104" title="Ashburton Park">
Ashburton Park

Ashburton Park is a park located in Woodside, in the London Borough of Croydon, and takes its name from nearby Ashburton. The park is located next to Woodside tram stop, where Tramlink routes 1 and 2 service the park. It is on the junction of Lower Addiscombe Road and Spring Lane. The park covers an area of 18½ acres (7.49 hectares). The park includes a village green, pentanque terrain, bowling green, tennis and basketball courts and a café (derelict for several years).
The park is on the site of the Woodside Convent, however all that remains today is the chapel. The original mansion was built in 1788 and underwent several name changes, the estate was known as Byculla Park from 1855 after a suburb of Bombay (the Addiscombe area having connections with the East India Company). From 1869 to 1878 the mansion was called Stroud Green House after Stroud Green Common a 12 acre stretch of land on the other side of Lower Addiscombe Road.
The estate was also, at one point, owned by Henry Dorling, first clerk of the course at Epsom Downs Racecourse and Mrs Beeton's stepfather.
In 1878 it became the property of Father Tooth, the founder of the Community of the Paraclete. He added a chapel and convent to the original house. Father Tooth brought with him St Michael's Home for Boys, which was for 'orphan boys and others of the upper classes in every kind of distress'. He founded a sisterhood to look after the children and this led to the house being known as The Convent. He also treated alcoholics at the house.
Croydon Corporation bought the house and grounds by Compulsory Purchase Order in 1924 and most of the mansion was demolished soon after, a putting green (no longer there) being laid on the site. The only remaining part of the house was the c. 1878 extension which became Ashburton Library. The library was relocated in 2006/7 to the nearby Ashburton School and the building is now in a state of disrepair.
Despite the neglect of the café and former library building the local council have spent some money on renovating the public toilets, improving the children's playing park and adding some features for joggers and fun runners on the perimeter paths.
The Park was the venue for the Croydon Summer Show which was held annually over two days and was open till midnight with illuminations and a ten piece dance band.
The Friends of Ashburton Park group, launched in September 2013, have come together to put to former library back into community use.

</doc>
<doc id="9879106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879106" title="Locked On">
Locked On

"Locked On" may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9879107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879107" title="Pahlavan">
Pahlavan


</doc>
<doc id="9879126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879126" title="It's a skull">
It's a skull

"It's a skull" is a 1995 dance-style computer music track. The track was created by Paul Hamilton of Exeter, UK, with OctaMED on an Amiga computer. The track's vocals consist entirely of speech samples from Vulcan Software's famous adventure game "Valhalla and the Lord of Infinity", taken out of context and rearranged. Hamilton submitted the track to "Amiga Power" magazine's ""In the style of..."" competition as ""Valhalla in the style of... a crap dance mix"" in issue #48 in April 1995, and the magazine later published it on their issue #50 cover disk in June 1995.
The lyrics are mostly nonsensical, but form a general dialogue between a young, naïve hero and an ominous master. The chorus line goes ""It's a skull, it's a skull, it's a, it's a, it's a skull"", and according to "AP", the ending is quite funny. The track is still somewhat popular in the Amiga community and can be downloaded from the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="9879128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879128" title="Foreigners (Protected Areas) Order 1958 (India)">
Foreigners (Protected Areas) Order 1958 (India)

The Foreigners (Protected Areas) Order 1958 states that a Protected Area Permit (PAP) is required for non-Indian citizens to visit certain areas in India (mainly in the North-East). Certain requirements have to be fulfilled in order to get this permit. Indian citizens who are not resident in these areas need an Inner Line Permit (ILP) to enter these places. The Inner Line Permit is significantly easier to get.
In addition, the Foreigners (Restricted Areas) Order 1968 states that a Restricted Area Permit (RAP) is required for non-Indians to visit certain areas in India. As of 2009, RAP are required for all visits to the Union Territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and parts of the state of Sikkim. Unlike PAP, RAP are generally available for individual travellers and can be issued by overseas embassies or even, in some cases such as Port Blair's Vir Savarkar Airport, on the spot. Indian citizens do not need special permission to visit Restricted Areas.
General Protected Area Permit requirements.
Normally the PAP has a duration of 10 days, with the option of extending for another 7 days.
The PAP is issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs. However, the different authorities of the concerned Indian provinces can also issue the PAP, and also the Indian missions abroad. Normally the travel agent will take care of getting the PAP for the tourists.
Problems.
At the moment only a touristic visit is a widely accepted purpose for a non-Indian's visit to a protected area. However, there are also other legitimate reasons why a non-Indian would want to visit these areas, for example if such a person is married to a native person of this area to visit his in-laws. For this purpose much more time than 10 days is required. As a consequence native people from the concerned areas who are married to a non-Indian or having children of a different nationality cannot settle permanently in their native area with their family because it is not possible to get a permanent permit for their non-Indian family-members.
One of the intended purposes of this policy was to protect the culture of the native people living there.

</doc>
<doc id="9879145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879145" title="Thornhill Community Academy">
Thornhill Community Academy

Thornhill Community Academy is a secondary school with academy status situated just outside Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, England.
The school is on the western side of Kirklees (Huddersfield) and near the M1 and the M62 motorways. It serves both the urban and rural areas of Dewsbury and draws from the village of Thornhill, Thornhill Lees and Savile Town. The series "Educating Yorkshire" was filmed in the school.
Thornhill Community Academy was formerly The Community Science College @ Thornhill, and Thornhill High School.
Site.
A major building programme began in May 2002, with an investment of £4.2 million under the Public Private Partnership Initiative. This work involved a complete upgrade of all college buildings including new areas in Design Technology, Creative and Expressive Arts, Humanities and a new Learning Resource Centre. A sports hall and muga has been built which is open to pupils and the public. Each department has its own designated specialist teaching area. There is a music suite, a dance and drama studio, six science laboratories and a science resource centre, two art studios, an area for modern foreign languages with study room, a sports hall, gym, P.E. classroom, tennis courts and playing fields.
Curriculum.
The school follows the National Curriculum to GCSE level, with some subjects compulsory, and others as options. Some pupils study English Literature and Statistics following primary GCSE courses. Pupils taking each science as a separate subject, study for three GCSEs, one each for Physics, Chemistry and Biology. Triple science is offered to some pupils where the Double Award or Science Nationals is offered to others. During the first three years Food Technology, Graphics, Resistant Materials and Textiles, and French or Urdu are taught, with pupils choosing one of these to continue at GCSE level later.
"Educating Yorkshire".
In January and February 2013 cameras were placed in the school for the filming of the Channel 4 series "Educating Yorkshire". The series started on 5 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9879153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879153" title="Haute Qualité Environnementale">
Haute Qualité Environnementale

The Haute Qualité Environnementale or HQE (High Quality Environmental standard) is a standard for green building in France, based on the principles of sustainable development first set out at the 1992 Earth Summit. The standard is controlled by the Paris based "Association pour la Haute Qualité Environnementale (ASSOHQE)."
Coverage.
The standard specifies criteria for the following:
Managing the impacts on the outdoor environment
Creating a pleasant indoor environment
Future development.
On 16 June 2009, it was announced that the CSTB "(Centre Scientifique et Technique du Batiment)" and its subsidiary CertiVéA had signed a memorandum of understanding to work together with the global arm of the United Kingdom's Building Research Establishment (BRE) to develop a pan-European building environmental assessment method. The BRE developed and markets (BREEAM (the BRE Environmental Assessment Method), which has similarities to the French HQE. Unfortunately, BREEAM and HQE are still disseminating their own standards round the world, leaving little doubt that no pan-European method will emerge in the near future, at least stemming from these two organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="9879155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879155" title="The Pegs">
The Pegs

The Harpur Harpeggios, more commonly referred to as The Pegs, are the only all female a cappella group at Binghamton University in Binghamton, New York. Founded in 1983, the group was previously believed to have started as a co-ed group, along with the Binghamton Crosbys, but recent research dispels these rumors. The Pegs go on an annual Winter Tour, performing at elementary, middle, and high schools in the New York area. In addition to performing at local gigs around the campus, the Pegs also have one big show per semester. The Pegs turn 30 in the Spring of 2013.
They have competed in the International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella (ICCA) four times. In 2005, they advanced to the Semifinals held at Yale University, at which they placed third. Other previous awards given at the ICCA include: Best Choreography (2001), Biggest Ham (Sarah Williams, 2003), Best Soloist (Theresa Lee, "My Immortal", 2005), and Outstanding Arrangement (Sarah Williams, "Frozen," 2005).
Currently starring musical virtuoso Marissa Wolfe, the Pegs are expected to have a resurgent year in 2014 as Wolfe has been sexually liberated in a way she could have only imagined in years past.
Albums.
"Sweet Dreams" (1997)
"More Groovy Than Candy Coated" (1999)
"We Don't Fake It" (2001) 
"Too Soon for Jokes" (2010)
External links.
YouTube Channel [https://www.youtube.com/user/HarpurHarpeggios]<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9879162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879162" title="The Awful Dr. Orloff">
The Awful Dr. Orloff

The Awful Dr. Orloff () is a 1962 Spanish–French horror film directed by Jesús Franco. It stars Howard Vernon as the mad Dr. Orloff (or sometimes Orlof) who wants to repair his disfigured daughter's face with skin grafts from others, with the aid of a slavish blind henchman named Morpho. The film is considered to be the earliest Spanish horror film. Howard Vernon continued to appear in a number of Franco's horror films up until his death. Franco would later feature a number of blind or disfigured henchmen named Morpho in many of his later horror films, such as "Vampyos Lesbos" and "Revenge in the House of Usher".
Production.
Director Jesús Franco was concerned how the film would be handled by Spanish censors. Franco produced two versions of the film: one that was unedited, and one that was for British and Spanish audiences that had the scenes with nudity cut. Spanish censors were also concerned with films that would damage the reputation of Spain. To avoid this, Franco set the film in France.
Release.
"The Awful Dr. Orloff" premiered in Madrid, Spain in May 1962 under the title of "Gritos en la noche", which translates into "Screams in the Night" in English. It premiered in Paris in May 1963 under the title of "L'horrible Dr. Orloff", and was released in the UK as "The Demon Doctor" later the same year. In the US it was released in 1964, on the second half of a double bill with "The Horrible Dr. Hichcock" (1962). A sequel to the film, titled "El Secreto del Dr. Orloff" also directed by Franco, was released in 1964.
Reception.
The film received a negative reception from critics on its initial release.In 1964, a review in the "New York Times" for both "The Horrible Dr. Hichcock" and "The Awful Dr. Orloff" stated "For once, the adjectives in the titles were not only descriptive but also accurate."

</doc>
<doc id="9879179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879179" title="Lorenzo Gilyard">
Lorenzo Gilyard

Lorenzo Jerome Gilyard, Jr. (born May 24, 1950) is an American serial killer. A former trash company supervisor, Gilyard is alleged to have raped and murdered 13 women and girls from 1977 to 1993. He was convicted of six counts of murder on March 16, 2007.
Early life.
Gilyard's background was dysfunctional; his father, Lorenzo Gilyard (February 24, 1927 – October 24, 1999) was convicted of rape in 1970, his brother Darryl E. (also Daryle E.) (born February 12, 1953) was convicted of a drug-related murder in 1989 and sentenced to life without parole, and his sister, Patricia D. Dixon (born July 20, 1958), a prostitute, was convicted of the murder of a customer in 1983 and served a 10-year sentence. In his teen years, Gilyard was known to bully and sometimes beat women.
Murders.
Most, if not all, of Gilyard's victims were prostitutes. All were found shoeless and dumped in secluded spots around Kansas City, Missouri. Most had cloth or paper towels stuffed into their mouths and ligature marks around their necks.
Gilyard was a convicted child molester, having raped the 13-year-old daughter of a friend. Probation records show that from 1969 to 1974 he was suspected of five rapes, but was never convicted. Gilyard became a suspect in 1987 in the murder of Sheila Ingold. A crime lab later linked all 13 victims to one killer using DNA testing. A blood sample Gilyard provided in the 1987 investigation led to the murder charges.
Of his known victims, 12 were murdered between 1977 and 1989. After living with Jackie Harris for a short time in Missouri and Los Angeles, they were married in Las Vegas, Nevada, on May 29, 1991, after which he and his wife returned to Los Angeles for over a year. Shortly after his return to Missouri, he murdered his 13th known victim. There have been no attempts yet to tie him to any killings in the Los Angeles area during his various stays between 1987 and 1992, and it is assumed, but not proven, that he stopped killing in 1993.
The trial.
Gilyard was tried on seven first-degree murder charges. The prosecution focused mainly on DNA evidence that criminal forensics experts shows he had sex with the victims around the time they were killed. "All the victims have several things in common: All were found dead during the same one and a half year period, all were left in secluded or obstructed locations, all were strangled, all showed signs that they were involved in a struggle, all were missing their shoes and all but one showed distinct signs of sexual intercourse," Prosecution Attorney Jim Kanatzar said in opening statements to the court.
Gilyard was sentenced to life in prison without parole. He is serving his life sentence in Crossroads Correctional Center.
Victims.
Gilyard was convicted in the murders of:
He was acquitted of the murder of Angela Mayhew, 19, due to insufficient evidence.
Other victims not brought to trial were identified as: 

</doc>
<doc id="9879204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879204" title="Buková hora TV Tower">
Buková hora TV Tower

Buková hora TV Tower (Czech: Vysílač Buková hora) is the tallest free-standing transmission tower in Czech Republic (some chimneys and some guyed masts in Czech Republic are taller). It is a 223 metres tall concrete tower situated on Buková hora in North Bohemia and is the facility of the transmitter North Bohemia.
Buková hora TV Tower, which is not accessible for tourists, was built in 1967. Previous TV tower, which was built there between 1960 and 1962, had to be demolished few years later, because of fire inside that. It was originally 181.5 metres tall.

</doc>
<doc id="9879220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879220" title="Joe Shearin">
Joe Shearin

Baylor_Law_School
Joseph Leslie Shearin (born April 16, 1960 in Dallas, Texas) is a former American football center and guard in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the Dallas Cowboys. He graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in Dallas, Texas. He played college football at the University of Texas at Austin and was selected All-American. He was drafted in the seventh round of the 1982 NFL Draft.
Following his professional football career, Shearin attended and graduated from Baylor School of Law with a Juris Doctorate in 1990. Currently, Shearin is in private practice in Dallas, Texas, as a highly rated, Board Certified criminal defense attorney.

</doc>
<doc id="9879227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879227" title="Russian Party in Estonia">
Russian Party in Estonia

The Russian Party in Estonia (, VEE) was a minor political party in Estonia.
History.
The party was originally established as the Russian National Union, a right-of-centre party, in 1920. It received 1% of the national vote in the parliamentary elections that year, winning a single seat in the Riigikogu.
After Estonia regained independence after the fall of the Soviet Union, the Russian Party of Estonia was established in 1994 as the legal successor to the Russian National Union. For the 1995 elections the party formed the "Our Home is Estonia" alliance with the Estonian United People's Party. The alliance won six seats.
The party ran alone in the 1999 elections, receiving 2% of the vote but failing to win a seat. The 2003 elections saw the party's vote share fall to just 0.2% as it remained without representation in the Riigikogu. It received 0.2% of the vote again in the 2007 elections and 0.9% in the 2011 elections, failing to win a seat on either occasion.
In 2012 the party merged into the Social Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9879241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879241" title="Kei Aran">
Kei Aran

, (born October 9, 1970), is a Japanese actress and former top star "otokoyaku" (an actress who plays male roles) of the Japanese Takarazuka Revue's Star Troupe. She joined the revue in 1991 and became the top star in 2007, five years after her classmates Sumire Haruno (the former top star of Flower Troupe) and Hikaru Asami (former top star of Snow Troupe) became top stars. She resigned from the company in April 2009 and is currently pursuing an acting career outside of the Revue.
She is original from Konan, Shiga, Japan, and her nickname is Touko.
She is of Zainichi Korean descent and the first from such background to become the top star of the company. However, she is not the first non-Japanese actress to become a Takarazuka top star: Ran Ootori, who is of Chinese descent, was top star of Star Troupe from 1975 until 1979.
Biography.
Aran graduated at the top of her class from the Takarazuka Music School in 1991. She was the last member of her class to become top star, and also the last to retire from the Revue when she did so in April 2009.
She was one of the promising young stars that were promoted by the company in 1999 along with Haruno and Asami. Before she was promoted to top star status, she was considered as one of top-stars-in-waiting along with former Cosmos Troupe top stars Kei Takashiro and Yūga Yamato, former top star of Moon Troupe Jun Sena, and former top star of Snow Troupe Natsuki Mizu.
The last name of her stage name, Aran is from the protagonist of a Korean legend "Legend of Ariran".
Starting her career in Snow Troupe, she developed her singing and acting alongside Takarazuka legends such as Yu Todoroki, Yoka Wao and Tatsuki Kouju. With the 1996 production of "Elisabeth", she became the first to perform the lead role of Der Tod in the understudy performance. Later on, she participated in two Bow Hall performances starring Wao ("Grand Shanghai" and "Wuthering Heights"), in which she had prominent roles. In 1998, she had her first Bow Hall lead performance, "Icarus".
In 1999, Aran formed "The Wonder Three" along with Hikaru Asami and Kouki Naruse. The trio had a Bow Hall performance under the same name. Although similar trios of younger actresses could also be found at that time in Flower Troupe (Haruno, Sena and Mizu) and Moon Troupe (Ōzora, Kiriya and Yamato), they were the only trio that was considered official. This trio also held the main roles in the special performance of Arch of Triumph; this is the first, and to date, only, instance of the Revue having three casts for one show (the main cast led by Todoroki, the new actor cast led by Rea Ranka, and the special cast led by Asami).
In 2000, she was transferred to Star Troupe and became the second man for Ko Minoru, Tatsuki Kouju and Wataru Kozuki. When Kozuki had the lead in "A Song for Kingdoms" (a variation of the opera "Aida") as her top star debut in 2003, Aran was cast as Aida, a role which brought much applause. In the same year, she also held the lead roles in performances of "Singin' in the Rain" and "Ganryuu".
Marking the 90th anniversary for the company in 2004, Aran had special appearances in two Cosmos Troupe productions. The first was "Lightning in the Daytime", where she replaced Mizu in the Tokyo performance. This was followed by the role of Count Philippe de Chandon in "Phantom", where she rejoined former Snow Troupe troupemates Wao and Mari Hanafusa.
In 2006, she had a special appearance in the Snow Troupe production of "Rose of Versailles". This was both the first and last performance with classmate and former troupe mate Asami since Aran's troupe transfer.
Notable roles and performance.
Personal concerts.
As a member of Takarazuka:
After Takarazuka:
A note on "Rose of Versailles".
Like Mizu, "Rose of Versailles" has played an important part in Aran's Takarazuka career. She is one of the very few that has been in roles of Oscar, Andre and Hans Axel Von Fersen, the three prominent male roles in the production.

</doc>
<doc id="9879243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879243" title="Serare School">
Serare School

Serare School is a privately owned co-educational day and boarding school located about 20 kilometeres from the center of Nairobi, Kenya. It is situated in the quietness of the peri-urban area between Karen shopping centre and Ngong township. It started on 11 January 1988.
The school follows the Kenyan 8-4-4 system of education, which is offered to students from Kindergarten to High School level.
Serare School has 3 sections – Kindergarten, Primary School and High School. The Kindergarten and Primary are co-educational with a firm Christian foundation, whilst the high school section is only for girls. Boarding facilities are available for both the primary and high school sections.

</doc>
<doc id="9879266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879266" title="Lilium pomponium">
Lilium pomponium

Lilium pomponium (Turban lily) is a species of lily native to Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="9879276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879276" title="Tommy Davis (kicker)">
Tommy Davis (kicker)

Tommy Davis (born October 13, 1934, in Shreveport, Louisiana: died April 4, 1987) was an American football punter and kicker.
College football.
Davis was a member of the national championship winning 1958 LSU Tigers football team.
NFL.
He played from 1959-1969 for the San Francisco 49ers. He was selected to the Pro Bowl after the 1962 and 1963 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9879279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879279" title="French ship Jeanne d'Arc">
French ship Jeanne d'Arc

A number of ships of the French Navy have borne the name "Jeanne d'Arc", in honour of Joan of Arc. They include the following ships:
Since 1912, it has been a tradition of the French Navy that the main school ship for officers be named "Jeanne d'Arc".

</doc>
<doc id="9879287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879287" title="Jean Keene">
Jean Keene

Jean Keene (October 20, 1923 – January 13, 2009), also known as the Eagle Lady, was a former rodeo trick rider who became the subject of national attention due to her feeding of wild bald eagles on the Homer Spit in Homer, Alaska. Although she had many supporters for the feedings, she was also criticized for drawing a large population of eagles to the area. After her death, the city of Homer passed a law prohibiting the feeding of predatory birds.
Early life.
Jean Marie Hodgdon was born on October 20, 1923 in Aitkin County, Minnesota. The eldest of three sisters and one brother, she grew up on a dairy farm in Aitkin, where she helped with farm chores including herding, feeding, and milking cows. She learned to ride horses and became a talented horse breaker and trainer.
In 1952, she was recruited by the traveling rodeo outfit Red River Rodeo as a trick rider, and by the mid-1950s was anticipating an upcoming appearance at with Red River at Madison Square Garden. However, her rodeo career was abruptly cut short in a riding accident during a performance at Olympia Arena in Detroit, Michigan. While performing a trick called the "death drag", she missed a handhold after leaning back too far in her saddle. She fell from her horse and was knocked unconscious when her head hit the arena wall. Her foot was still caught in the stirrup, and she was dragged around the arena, tangled in the horse's legs, until other rodeo personnel were able to stop the horse. She suffered 15 fractures in her left knee. After surgery to repair her knee, she spent several months in recovery encased from the waist down in a plaster cast. After the cast was removed, she was still able to walk and ride, but not with the facility necessary to perform in the rodeo.
For a time she worked as a professional truck driver hauling cattle. In the late 1950s she married, and gave birth to a son, Lonnie, before divorcing. By the early 1960s she was a single mother. She opened up a dog and cat grooming business and also raised and bred cocker spaniels. She later became the owner and operator of Jolly Chef Truck Stop in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Keene came to Alaska for the first time in the early 1970s to attend a cousin's wedding. Attracted by the state's beauty, she returned for several visits before making the decision in 1977 to move there — alone. Her son Lonnie was deemed old enough to make his own decisions, and he chose to remain in Minnesota. Keene took a week to drive from Minnesota to Alaska in a secondhand motorhome, ending in Homer, where she parked the motorhome at the end of Homer Spit in the Homer Spit Campground, where it remained for many years. She took a job at a fish processing facility on the Spit, the Icicle Seafoods subsidiary Seward Fisheries, in the spring of 1977, where she later became a foreman.
Feeding the eagles.
Keene's career as the "Eagle Lady" began shortly after her arrival in Homer, when one morning she noticed two bald eagles on the beach near her motorhome. Keene saw offering food to the eagles as a natural extension of her practice of keeping bird feeders filled with sunflower seeds for wild songbirds. She began to bring home surplus fish in a bucket from her job, and each morning would throw some fish to the eagles over the short driftwood fence she had made around her motorhome. By the end of that spring, a half-dozen eagles were showing up for breakfast. The eagles departed with the arrival of summer, when the Spit became more active with human visitors, but they returned in the winter when tourist season had ended, and Keene resumed the daily feeding.
Within ten years, over 200 bald eagles were visiting during winter and early spring each day, and the job of feeding them became more involved. To have enough fish to last through the winter, she would begin in August to stockpile fish scraps and freezer burned fish donated by her employer and by other local companies. The fish was sometimes supplemented by moose meat that Keene salvaged when she heard of a road-killed moose on the highway. She began feeding the eagles at about December 1 of each year, a job that took up to three hours' work each morning. Keene obtained permission from her employer to use a company forklift to move the large containers of stockpiled fish scraps and freezer-burned salmon, halibut, rockfish, cod, and herring out of the company's large freezers. She then transferred the fish by hand into barrels or garbage cans, which she loaded up in her pickup truck. Then she would drive the load to her motorhome, about from the Seward Fisheries plant, and cut the fish into fist-sized pieces to be thrown out to the eagles. If the fish was fully frozen, she would use an axe, chainsaw, or blowtorch to break the fish down into smaller chunks, or might even have to lug the large garbage cans into her motorhome to thaw. "I don't know if anyone else would do this," she told a reporter in 1986. "My motorhome smells like fish. My yard is fish. My truck is fish. I am fish. It gets kind of gross sometimes, especially when you're handling a lot of slimy carcasses."
Keene had been persistent in her efforts. In 1985 she broke her leg, but managed to keep to the feeding schedule even on crutches. In the winter of 1994 she was diagnosed with breast cancer and on her doctor's advice underwent a mastectomy. She hired a friend to conduct feeding operations in her absence, but was back to do it herself three days after surgery.
On July 1, 1998, an ammonia leak and explosion at the Seward Fisheries plant caused a fire that led to the evacuation of Homer Spit and the ultimate destruction of the facility, which until then had been the major supplier of fish remains for Keene's feeding operation. But Keene was able to report when winter came that she had found other sources and was ready for the eagles when they returned.
Although the number of visiting eagles fluctuated, about 200 to 300 eagles would show up each day during the months of winter and early spring. Crows and gulls were also attracted to the area. Keene fed them an estimated 500 pounds (227 kg) of fish per day, about 50,000 pounds (22,680 kg) per year. Her fish supply included surplus and freezer-burned fish from fish processing facilities still on the Spit, her own purchases using her limited funds from Social Security or retirement benefits, or fish contributed by her supporters. Visitors could come and watch the eagles Keene fed on the Spit at no cost, but were asked to stay in their cars for their own safety and for the safety of the eagles.
Public attention.
Keene's work has been publicized in "Reader's Digest", "National Geographic", "The Washington Post", "People", "Life", "Ripley's Believe It or Not!", and on The Rush Limbaugh Show. A 2004 book, "The Eagle Lady" by Alaska author and photographer Cary Anderson, documents Keene's life and her relationship with the eagles. Keene received the 2004 Lifetime Meritorious Service Award from the Bald Eagle Foundation. Many of Keene's strongest supporters were local hotel owners who got extra business in the normally sluggish winter season, and photographers who were able to use clever framing of shots in order to make it appear they were photographing eagles in the wild. These photographers made enough money from these works that they bought Keene a new house with some of the profits. The news satire program "The Daily Show" reported on its April 17, 2006 edition that Homer had been overpopulated by bald eagles due in large part to Keene's activities. A crew from the show spent two days in March 2006 shooting footage for the show, including a feeding session and interview with Keene and interviews with other Homer residents about Keene and the controversy then in progress about feeding eagles.
Criticism.
Some environmentalists were concerned with the large population of eagles drawn to Homer by Keene. They believed some eagles have been harmed due to their familiarity with people. Others were worried about the spread of disease or the change in the birds' natural migrations. Allegedly, some other bird populations in the area, such as sandhill cranes, loons, and kittiwakes, have been driven out or killed by eagles, though there is no direct evidence. In fact, kittiwakes have increased in the area to the degree of founding a new colony close to Keene's home. According to an ABC News broadcast, many Homer residents now consider the birds a "menace", as they have been known to cause car accidents and steal pets. In a few cases, the birds have been shot at. An ordinance passed by the Homer City Council in 2006 prohibits the feeding of eagles within the city limits; however, the city council granted Keene an exemption, giving her special permission to continue feeding bald eagles within city limits until April 2010, at which time Keene would have been 86.
Death.
Keene died at home on January 13, 2009, aged 85, from a respiratory condition. After her death, the Homer city council passed a new resolution banning the feeding of eagles, crows, ravens and other predatory and scavenger birds by any person, effective March 19, 2009. The resolution's effective date was delayed until spring out of concern that the birds would either die of starvation or become highly aggressive if the feeding ended in the middle of winter. A memorial to Keene is planned at a nearby hotel that was a favorite dining spot of Keene's and supplied much of her fish.

</doc>
<doc id="9879300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879300" title="Allylguaiacol">
Allylguaiacol

Allylguaiacol may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9879313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879313" title="Phil Chang">
Phil Chang

Phil Chang () (born 30 April 1967 in Taipei) is a male Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
By the time he graduated from Feng Chia University in Financial Services, he was already known as an accomplished folk singer, pianist and guitar-player. He issued his first album, "Walking the Wind", in 1992, and achieved success with his second, "Well-intentioned", in 1993. In 1997 he married long-term partner, lyricist Xiāo Huìwèn (, who uses the pen name , Shí Yīláng). His 1999 album "Sun and Moon" was another big hit.
In 2004, he joined Chang Hsiaoyan to co-host "Happy Sunday", replacing Taiwanese girl group S.H.E. On 30 April 2007 he began presenting his own show on satellite channel TVBS-G, "Why men do wrong".
Also, in 2014 he took part and joined a competition called 'Wo Shi Ge Shou' (我是歌手) I Am a Singer (Chinese TV series). He made it to the 2nd part of the finals too.

</doc>
<doc id="9879335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879335" title="Philip Wilder">
Philip Wilder

Philip Wilder (born 1968) is an American counter-tenor and business manager best known for his recording and concert career with the a cappella ensemble Chanticleer.
Life and career.
Philip Wilder is a graduate of the Interlochen Arts Academy, the Eastman School of Music, and the Vilar Institute for Arts Management. He received a Bachelor of Music degree in organ at Eastman in 1990, and began a 13-year association with the San Francisco-based vocal ensemble Chanticleer, where he became Assistant Music Director and Director of Education. His 14 recordings for Warner Classics and Chanticleer records garnered four Grammy nominations and two Grammy Awards. He performed in more than 1,000 concerts worldwide, and fostered collaborations with many composers and performers, including Sir John Tavener, Frederica von Stade and Dawn Upshaw. 
Philip Wilder also served as Chanticleer's Director of Education, developing and implementing programs for music students in San Francisco and across America, including its Singing in the Schools program and the Chanticleer Youth Choral Festival, an annual event for San Francisco Bay Area high school students. 
After leaving Chanticleer, Wilder took a position as Associate Director of the Capital Campaign for the Harman Center for the Arts in Washington, D.C. He was awarded a fellowship at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts' Vilar Institute for Arts Management, where he managed the first American tour of the Iraqi National Symphony Orchestra. In 2005, Wilder joined 21C Media Group, an independent public relations, marketing, and consulting firm specializing in classical music and the performing arts. In 2011 he was named Executive Director of Communications for the Eastman School of Music at the University of Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="9879337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879337" title="School of Nursing and Health Studies">
School of Nursing and Health Studies

Georgetown University School of Nursing & Health Studies (NHS) is one of the four undergraduate schools of Georgetown University. Founded in 1903 as the School of Nursing, it added three other health related majors in 1999 and appended its name to become the School of Nursing & Health Studies. The school has been at the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions. Offering undergraduate and graduate programs in the health sciences, graduates are prepared to enter the complex fields of medicine, law, health policy, and nursing. NHS is made up of the Department of Health Systems Administration, the Department of Human Science, the Department of International Health, and the Department of Nursing.
The Department of Human Science completed the Discovery Center in 2006. The Discovery Center includes a Basic Health Science Teaching Laboratory, a Molecular and Cell Biology Research Laboratory, a Cell Culture Room, a Preparation and Instrument Room, and a Zeiss Axiovert 200 microscope.
In 2011, the Department of Nursing launched an online nursing initiative at the graduate level. The online initiative builds upon Georgetown’s on-campus graduate nursing program. In addition to the online graduate option in nursing, Georgetown will continue offering its on-campus programs.
NHS is home to GUS - Georgetown University Simulator - a full-body, robotic mannequin that can realistically replicate physiological conditions and symptoms and pharmacological responses. The simulator is within the O'Neill Family Foundation Clinical Simulation Center, which includes adult patient simulators, a pediatric patient simulator, five primary care offices, and two hospital units. The Simulation Center is used extensively for clinical education by undergraduate and graduate level nursing programs, as well as by undergraduates in the Department of Human Science.
Several graduate programs within NHS were ranked in the 2012 "America's Best Graduate Schools" edition of "U.S. News & World Report". The Nurse Anesthesia Program was ranked 17th, the Healthcare Management Program was ranked 29th, the Nurse Midwifery Program was ranked 19th, and the nursing graduate program was ranked 36th. The school also has an active research program.
Degrees Offered.
Bachelor of Science.
Graduates of these programs have pursued careers and/or graduate study in the following areas: medicine, physician assistant, advanced practice registered nursing, dentistry, podiatry, physical therapy, clinical research, public health, epidemiology, forensics, pharmaceutical sales/marketing, health care law, health care consulting, hospital administration, and many other fields. Certificates are also available for undergraduate students in the following subject areas: International Health and Population Health.

</doc>
<doc id="9879356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879356" title="Media in Windsor, Ontario">
Media in Windsor, Ontario

Windsor, Ontario is the fourth-largest border city media market in Canada, after Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal. It is also the only one of those four markets to exist within the shadow of a larger American media market – whereas Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal are all the dominant media markets in their regions and are adjacent to significantly "smaller" American markets, Windsor is located directly across the border from Detroit, the 11th largest television market and ninth largest radio market in the United States. Thus, it is considered part of the Detroit television and radio market for purposes of territorial programming rights, and can also receive radio and television signals from Toledo, Flint, Lansing and even Cleveland. 
Since Windsor is considered part of one large American media market (Detroit) and close to two others (Cleveland and Toledo), the city's media outlets (radio and television stations, and newspaper) have a special status designated by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, exempting them from many of the Canadian content ("CanCon") requirements that most other broadcasters in Canada are legally required to follow. These CanCon requirements, mandating that a minimum of 35% of the broadcast material of a station must be of Canadian artists, actors, or shows in/about Canada, have been blamed in part for the decline of the popular Windsor radio station, CKLW, a 50,000 watt AM radio station that in the late 1960s, prior to the advent of CanCon, had been the number one radio station not only in Detroit and Windsor, but also in the Toledo and Cleveland markets. 
Windsor has also been exempt from concentration of media ownership rules. Although Blackburn Radio has a rebroadcaster of its Chatham station in Windsor and is scheduled to launch a new station in 2009, all of its current commercial broadcast outlets are owned by a single company, Bell Media.
Radio.
In addition to Windsor's own radio stations, virtually all radio stations in the Detroit market are also available in the city, as well as some from Toledo.
Television.
Because television stations operating in Windsor would be required to purchase program rights at Detroit market rates, which are higher than any market in Canada, Windsor is not directly served by Canada's major commercial networks. The city is served only by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's English and French networks and the provincially owned public broadcaster TVOntario, all of which air almost entirely Canadian-produced programming, and by the smaller CTV Two system.
Both CTV and Global put only marginal signals into Windsor itself – CTV's nearest transmitter (CKCO-TV-3 on UHF 42) is located near Oil Springs, while Global's transmitter (CIII-DT-22 on UHF 22) is between Leamington and Wheatley, near Point Pelee (though its city of license is Stevenson, northeast of Wheatley) – although both are available on cable. CIII-DT-22 is highly directional, aimed towards Chatham-Kent to the northeast, and Leamington and Kingsville to the west, with a strong null towards Windsor and Detroit (however, it is still receivable with a strong rooftop antenna), presumably to protect broadcast rights of the Detroit television stations.
Even the CTV Two station, CHWI-DT, is officially licensed to Wheatley rather than Windsor – and while the station's studios and operations are based in Windsor, CHWI only has a low-power UHF repeater in downtown Windsor itself, which broadcasts from a directional antenna specifically designed to minimize the station's reception area in Michigan.
Windsor was previously served by CBEFT, a local Radio-Canada outlet that later became a repeater of CBLFT Toronto. The transmitter for this station shut down permanently on July 31, 2012, due to budget cuts affecting the CBC.
See also stations in the Detroit, , and markets.
Out-of-market stations.
In addition to the Detroit stations, Windsor and most of Essex County, Ontario also receive television stations from Toledo (WTOL, WTVG, WNWO, WGTE-TV, and WUPW), and the southern part of the county receives some of Cleveland's television stations (WKYC-TV, WEWS-TV, WJW-TV, WOIO, and WUAB-TV). Only WTOL, WTVG, and WNWO were carried on cable services, having been dropped in 2009 during the American DTV transition. In the past, however, WKYC, WEWS, and WJW were all carried on Trillium Cable (and later, Shaw Cable, its successor) in Kingsville and Leamington, and nearby parts of Southern Essex County until 2000, when Cogeco displaced Shaw as the cable provider for the region, and merged the Leamington and Windsor cable services back into one county-wide system.
Along with WKYC, WEWS, and WJW, WOIO and WUAB were frequently also listed in the TV Guides for Windsor and area, though all Toledo and Cleveland locals have since been "dropped" from the listings, with only WTOL, WTVG, and WUAB remaining listed. It should also be noted that no Cleveland stations (in either analog or digital) push past Cottam, Ontario outside of tropospheric skip events, let alone reaching downtown Windsor, over the air (mainly due to adjacent channel interference from the Detroit channels), and Toledo stations barely make it over the air to downtown Windsor. Simultaneous substitution rules are generally in effect for cable and satellite audiences.
While not listed in TV guides, the northern edge of Essex County and most of Windsor are within reception range of Flint's WCMZ-TV on UHF 28 (thanks to its transmitter's relatively close location in southern Genesee County, Michigan), and the October 16, 2009 issue of "The Windsor Star" had stated readers in the Belle River area were able to add Flint's WJRT-TV (ABC 12) to their lineups, albeit with very weak signal strength. In place of WCMZ-TV, the southern edge of Essex County, including Leamington, receives WUAB-TV from Cleveland, also on UHF 28.
FSN Detroit is not carried under CRTC policy, but CBET will carry any Detroit Red Wings game aired on "Hockey Night in Canada", even if it is not televised nationally. Also, some Detroit Tigers and Detroit Pistons games air on broadcast TV stations. Toronto Blue Jays games on CBC were once blacked out in Windsor, but was later lifted (the CBC no longer carries Blue Jays games on the network).
Prior to the 2009 US analog television shutdown and digital conversion, in certain weather conditions, WILX-TV from Lansing, Michigan could also be seen, albeit weakly, in Windsor (along with CFPL-DT from London, both on VHF 10, WLMB-TV on UHF 40, now VHF 5 / PSIP 40.1, and CBLN UHF 40). By theory, Lansing's WLNS-TV could also be receivable to a degree, as its coverage area reaches the Detroit River. However, both analog channels were adjacent to CBET and WXYZ, respectively, which may hindered reception. Since the switchover, WILX's digital signal (VHF 10) remained adjacent to CBET (VHF 9), though WLNS's digital signal moved from VHF 6 to UHF channel 36; however, reception of WLNS would become an issue again when CBEFT relocated to UHF channel 35 after the Canadian switchover.
The city also gets a marginal analog signal from CKCO-TV-3 in Oil Springs, as well as very weak digital signals of CHCH-DT and CFMT-DT, both from London-area transmitters.
Print.
Windsor and its surrounding area is served by the "Windsor Star", a daily newspaper operated by Canwest. Alternatively, the Scoop is also an independent paper that provides information on local activism and events for free. "Biz X Magazine", the only international border city publication, serves both Windsor and Detroit.
Film.
The 2000 film "Borderline Normal", featuring Robin Dunne, Stephanie Zimbalist, Corbin Bernsen and Michael Ironside, is set in Windsor. Many exterior locations, such as Ouellette Avenue, Dieppe Park and the Ambassador Bridge were featured. 
Several scenes in Michael Moore's 2002 film "Bowling for Columbine" were also filmed in Windsor. Moore later returned to Windsor to film scenes for his 2007 film "Sicko".
Windsor was the setting of the television series "Across the River to Motor City", a crime drama whose plot incorporated many aspects of Windsor's cross-border relationship with Detroit.
A number of scenes featuring Harrison Ford in the 1990 film "Presumed Innocent" were filmed in Windsor's Coventry Gardens. The house in the film is located on Riverside Dr. just east of the Hiram Walker Distillery. The scenes of the Renaissance Center in the film were shot from Windsor.
It is featured in the backdrop of Tony Scott's 1993 film "True Romance". Windsor can clearly be seen in the background during the Christian Slater/Dennis Hopper trailer scene along the Detroit River.
The 2007 film "Baby Blues" was shot throughout Windsor.
The studio segments of the 2009 NBC and Global comedy series "Howie Do It" was taped at Caesars Windsor.

</doc>
<doc id="9879361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879361" title="Sector 7">
Sector 7

Sector 7 is a wordless picture book created and illustrated by David Wiesner. Published in 1999 by Clarion Books, it was the recipient of the Caldecott Honor for illustration in 2000.
Summary.
The story is set at the observatory of the Empire State Building where a class of school children are on a field trip. The primary character is a boy befriended by a cloud and whisked away to Sector 7, the depot for clouds. There the boy proceeds to produce new blueprints of fantastic shapes for the disgruntled group of young clouds. As the young clouds experiment, they delight in their new forms as ocean creatures. 
The adults running the cloud depot are furious when they discover of the young clouds' misbehavior, so escort the boy back to the observatory with his cloud friend. Once the drawings are examined further by the adults they begin to admire the possibilities. As the children return on the school bus, the New York skyline is filled with a profusion of clouds in the shapes of aquarium fish and ocean creatures.
Planned Film Adaptation.
In May 2000, Nickelodeon Movies beat off rivals Pixar in getting the option to a potential film adaptation of Sector 7, Nickelodeon developed it as a film with Darren Aronofsky attached to direct, with Good Machine as co-producers. As of December 2013, the project remains unmade. 

</doc>
<doc id="9879362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879362" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 60">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 60

United Nations Security Council Resolution 60, adopted on October 29, 1948, resolved that a sub-committee be established consisting of the United Kingdom, Republic of China, France, Belgium and the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic to consider all the amendments and revision which had been suggested to the second revised draft resolution contained in document S/1059/Rev.2 and prepare a revised draft resolution on behalf of the Council. 
The resolution was adopted without vote.

</doc>
<doc id="9879371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879371" title="Puget Sound Community School">
Puget Sound Community School

Puget Sound Community School (known within the school community as PSCS) is a very small private school located in Seattle, Washington. It was founded in 1994 by educator Andrew Smallman, and has no religious affiliation.
PSCS belongs to the tradition of schools known commonly as "free schools" or "progressive education." A common feature of this style of school is that the students are actively involved as partners or collaborators with the teachers, instead of being passive vessels waiting to be filled with information.
The basis of the PSCS educational program is to help its students learn to use their minds well while becoming thoughtful, sincere, and respectful global citizens. It begins through the ongoing maintenance of a safe, nurturing, and respectful educational environment.
To maintain this environment necessitates the students being present at school. PSCS students are required to be involved in school activities for a minimum of 1000 hours each year. Dubbed “community hours,” these are accrued through student presence on campus and through participation in school-approved offsite activities. They are tallied through the use of a computerized sign in/sign out system.
Each PSCS student is assigned an advisor who acts as her/his personal coach and guide. As well as helping students track their community hours, advisors help students align their interests and affinities to their goals, and then match these to the school’s open structure. Where mainstream educational models promote one-size-fits-all memorization and conformity, the multi-approach educational structure of PSCS fosters creativity, flexibility, and a genuine diversity that stems ultimately from the uniqueness of all human beings.
In order to graduate, a student must be at least 16 years old, have been enrolled at PSCS for at least three full years, and complete requirements specific to her/his final year. These include but are not limited to completing a graduation project and presenting a personal statement of belief to the community.
Bestselling author "Daniel H. Pink" referenced PSCS in his book "Drive," released in December 2009. Pink writes, "This tiny independent school in Seattle, Washington, gives its students a radical dose of autonomy, turning the 'one size fits all' approach of conventional schools on its head. Each student has an adviser who acts as her personal coach, helping her come up with her own learning goals. 'School' consists of a mixture of class time and self-created independent study projects, along with community service devised by the students. Since youngsters are often away from campus, they gain a clear sense that their learning has a real-world purpose. And rather than chase after grades, they receive frequent, informal feedback from advisers, teachers, and peers. For more information, go to "www.pscs.org"."

</doc>
<doc id="9879378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879378" title="Ciucsângeorgiu">
Ciucsângeorgiu

Ciucsângeorgiu (Hungarian: "Csíkszentgyörgy", Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of nine villages:
History.
The village formed part of the Székely seat of Csíkszék, then from 1876 until 1918 to Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania. In 1940, the Second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 Census it has a population of 4,751 of which 98.23% or 4,667 are Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9879389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879389" title="Gage (surname)">
Gage (surname)

Gage is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9879401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879401" title="Long Island State Park Commission">
Long Island State Park Commission

The Long Island State Park Commission was created in 1924 by the New York State Legislature to build and operate parks and parkways on Long Island. Governor Al Smith appointed as its first President, Robert Moses, who had drafted the bill creating the Commission and who served until 1953. The Commission was abolished in 1977, its parks being taken over by the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation and its parkways by the New York State Department of Transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="9879403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879403" title="The Orphans series">
The Orphans series

The Orphans is a novelized miniseries credited to V. C. Andrews, but ghostwritten by Andrew Neiderman. It focuses on the lives of four teenage girls and their lives as "orphans." The first four novels each focus on one of the four main characters, and the fifth book unites them and concludes their stories. They were released from May to October 1998. The first four (shorter) books were bound together in a November omnibus, and the individual books slowly went out of print, except for the final Runaways one.
Butterfly.
Butterfly just wants to be someone's little girl. But when the handsome Sanford and his beautiful, wheelchair bound wife Celine choose her from the orphanage, her new life revolves around becoming the dancer Celine never could be. Now she is dancing on a fragile web of happiness, never knowing what might break if one glittering strand should break.
Crystal.
Crystal dreams of a home and family - and the Morrises seem perfect. Karl and Thelma make her feel wanted and secure for the first time in her short life. But in her new home, sadness is banished to the back of the closet...and no one is prepared when a shocking tragedy comes rattling at the door.
Brooke.
Brooke has always dreamt that one day her mother will return and take her away from the orphanage. Now Pamela and Peter Thompson have welcomed her into their huge, gleaming house, and she must learn the rules of their perfect world...or risk losing her golden chance for a name, a home and freedom from the terrible secrets of her past.
Raven.
Raven just wants an end to broken promises. But even after she is sent to live with her kindly aunt and domineering uncle, humiliating secrets lurk - and threaten to dash forever Raven's dream of a true home.
Runaways.
"All for one and one for all" was the girls' motto. In the grim foster home for orphans run by Louise and Gordon Tooey, at least Brooke, Crystal, Raven, and Butterfly had each other. Calling themselves "sisters," together they could forget the past and dream of a new chance... a real home. Then they discovered a secret even more haunting than Gordon's heavy boots pounding on the wooden floors. Their fragile hopes of a better life shattered, they escaped the only way they could. Soon they were runaways in a borrowed car, desperately wishing to wake up one morning in a place of sunshine and love.
Raven hoped to be a singer, Butterfly wanted to be a dancer, Crystal planned for college, and Brooke privately hoped to find her mother in California. On the open road the chains of sadness that had bound them seemed to melt away, and the kindness of strangers made a secure future seem almost real. But the highway was a dangerous place, and soon they were penniless and more vulnerable than ever. Alone under the wide western sky, they had only each other to ask if they should give up their dreams... or if they were really halfway to a haven of safety and happiness...

</doc>
<doc id="9879408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879408" title="Azaila">
Azaila

Azaila is a municipality in the Province of Teruel, in Spain. It has a population of 162 (INE, 2005) and it has an extension of 81,4 km².
Near the town there are the ruins of the ancient Iberian village of Cabezo de Alcalá.
History.
The village of Azaila is located on the right bank of the Aguasvivas river, in the Bajo Martín region.
Its name originates from Arabic, meaning "the flat", and in medieval texts it was referred to as Zaylla.
The first settlements were located in the village of Cabezo de Alcalá, next to Aguasvivas river, towards Vinaceite, where many different archaeological excavations have provided the stratigraphy of three successive occupations in the village. The first settlers came from the centre of Europe (7th century BC to 218 BC), followed by the Iberians and then the Romans, spanning from 218 BC to 72 BC, before its final occupation, over the previous remains. It was destroyed between 76-72 BC during the Sertorian battles, although other studies have suggested a later date, 49 BC, after the battle of Ilerda.
Recently, a medieval Christian necropolis was discovered in the outskirts of the community, near to the ruins of a small medieval fort. It has been dated between the 8th and 16th centuries.
Apart from its name, which is a reference to the plain that extends to the south-east, very little is known about the Muslim settlement.
After the Aragonese occupation at the end of the 12th century, the land was bestowed to aristocrats. In 1196, King Pedro II gave Azaila to Gastón de Castellote, who, together with his family, continued to own the land in 1283.
The names of Romana and Azaila were established in 1215 and 1285 from two of the many terms used during the 8th century. At the end of the 14th century, Azaila was owned by Gastón de Rueda and in the beginning of the 17th century, in 1610, by Pedro de Lanuza.
From a political and administrative point of view, Azaila was included in the Sobrecullida of Zaragoza (1488-1495), Vereda of Zaragoza (1646) and Corregimiento of Alcañiz (1711-1833), mentioned as a village in 1495 and 1785, with its own council, probably from 1834. It was run by the district of Híjar, later to be incorporated in 1965 to the district of Alcañiz. In the new regional organisation, established by the Diputación General de Aragón (the Aragonese government), it is included in the Bajo Martín region.
Its parish is dedicated to Nuestra Señora del Rosario (Our Lady of the Rosary), although according to studies published by Pascual Madoz in the mid-19th century and professor Antonio, it was originally dedicated to Saint Peter the Martyr.
The architecture dates from the 17th century, baroque style, which was commissioned by the Dukes of Híjar, whose shield can be seen above the church door. The work is basically masonry and brick, incorporating a closed nave with a semi-annular vault with lunettes, and at the head of the church is a tower with five bodies. After the summer of 1936 all of the interior decoration disappeared, although it has recently been recovered.
With respect to the population, 20 homes were registered in 1489, which had reduced to 12 by 1495. All of them were Muslim. After the ejection of the Moors, the community was left almost empty, with 86 homes abandoned. 430 people, as recorded in transition 11, joined together at Azaila with people from neighbouring communities of Cuarte and Rodén, before continuing to Samper de Calanda, a distance of three leagues, and then passing through Caspe and Maella, the last settlement in Aragon. From there they travelled to the port of Los Alfaques, to the south of Tortosa, from which they sailed to the north of Africa.
From the record of the homes in 1645 until 1718 the population remained constant with 8 homes, with 72 people in 1776.
During the mid-19th century, according to Pascual Madoz, Azaila had 100 houses, 116 neighbours and 467 souls, with a stable population of around 400 neighbours. From 1970 to the last third of the 20th century, there were 363 inhabitants, at which point a steady drop of the population commenced, to the beginning of the 21st century when the population was around 200 people.
Nowadays, the economic activity centres on agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="9879440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879440" title="Hugh Cecil">
Hugh Cecil

Hugh Cecil Saunders (March 1890 Kingston upon Thames, Surrey - March 1974 Brighton) was an English photographer of the 1910s, 1920s and 1930s, who practised under the professional name of Hugh Cecil.
Born in Kington upon Thames to Frederick Atkinson Saunders and his wife Mary Ann Roberta Walton, Hugh Cecil Saunders attended Tonbridge School and Queens' College Cambridge where he developed an interest in photography. At the Cambridge Photographic Society, he exhibited a number of landscapes, some of which won medals.
Upon graduation, Saunders served as an apprentice with the prominent Sevenoaks photographer H. Essenhigh Corke. In 1912 he moved to London and, dropping his surname, set up as a professional portrait photographer at 100 Victoria Street. He married Kathleen Fairchild Huxtable in December 1989 in her hometown of Tunbridge Wells.
Hugh Cecil's photographs appeared regularly in the weekly "The Sketch" , "Tatler" and "" magazines, and his reputation as a fashionable photographer quickly grew. His early style was characterised by an elegant simplicity. Cecil moved to 8 Grafton Street in 1923—designing and furnishing an elaborately decorated studio, he often used patterned backdrops and lit the subject using soft reflected light. Cecil Beaton claims he was influenced by the style of Baron De Meyer.
His portraits at the time included Gertrude Lawrence[http://www.art.co.uk/asp/sp-asp/_/pd--12334412/Gertrude_Lawrence_Actress.htm] and, in 1925, the then-Prince of Wales (later Edward VIII) sat for the first of many royal sittings. He would later take the official photographs for postage stamps for Edward V111. In 1926 Cecil published his "Book of Beauty", consisting of 37 photogravures accompanied by selected verses. Some of these un-named subjects include studies of actress Juliette Compton, Justine Johnstone, Edna Best, Lady Diana Cooper and Viscontess Curzon.
Established as a success, he exhibited regularly at the London Salon of Photography and works appear in the annual Photograms of the Year between 1914-1928. Cecil had at least two pupil/assistants who established successful careers on their own Paul Tanqueray who had also attended Tonbridge School and Angus McBean whose work Cecil noticed when exhibited near his Gallery at a tea-room named, The Pirate's Den. McBean later claimed that he took many of his sittings in the mid 1930s. Although the studio continued as a functioning entity until the Second World War, including official photographs of King George VI. He later experimented with the photographic machine that became the basis of the Photo-Me studios that can be used to obtain instant identity photographs for passports and other official documents. He was to die in obscurity in Brighton and a number of his negatives were acquired by the National Portrait Gallery after a house clearance.
External links.
Exhibition Catalogue : Monday's Children : Photographs of the Fair and Famous of the 1920s and 1930s, published to accompany an exhibition at Impressions Gallery, York, 1977

</doc>
<doc id="9879459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879459" title="Index of Dune-related articles">
Index of Dune-related articles

Below is an alphabetical list of articles related to the Dune universe, the setting of Frank Herbert's classic science fiction series which began with "Dune".

</doc>
<doc id="9879482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879482" title="China Coast">
China Coast

China Coast was a casual dining American restaurant chain specializing in Chinese food. Founded in 1990 in Orlando, Florida, the company began a rapid and ill-fated national expansion in 1993, ultimately resulting in its demise. At the time of its closing in 1995, it operated 51 locations in the United States. 
Target markets.
Restaurants were typically located in mall outparcels. Unfortunately for the chain, it attempted to enter markets that were saturated with well-established family-owned Chinese restaurants that offered comparable food and service at lower prices. Operational issues stemming from the rapid expansion attempt ultimately made it difficult for it to compete with the market incumbents.
Food.
Its restaurants served moderately-priced American Chinese cuisine. Dishes included moo goo gai pan, pork lo mein, beef & broccoli, and sweet and sour pork. A lunch buffet was eventually dropped in favor of complimentary appetizers that included egg rolls, its proprietary China Coast bread, marinated vegetables, and crispy noodles. The appetizers accompanied all entrees in a similar fashion to the signature appetizers at sister chains Red Lobster and Olive Garden.
Ownership.
It was founded by General Mills, which ultimately spun the chain and sisters Red Lobster and Olive Garden to Darden Restaurants Inc. in 1995 under the name Darden Restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="9879513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879513" title="Stampe et Vertongen">
Stampe et Vertongen

Stampe et Vertongen was a Belgian aircraft manufacturer formed in 1922 and based at Antwerp. The company specialised in design and construction of primary trainers/tourers and advanced trainers. One of the products - the Stampe SV.4 - has become well known as just "Stampe".
History.
Established in 1922 with Alfred Renard as its Chief Designer, the company designed a series of trainer/tourer aircraft in the 1920s and 1930s, all prefixed RSV (for Renard, Stampe and Vertongen). In the early 1930s Alfred Renard left to join a company he had formed with his brother Georges Renard Société Anonyme d'Avions et de Moteurs Renard. The RSV company designation prefix then changed to SV. The company's most successful design was the SV.4 of 1933, a light tourer/trainer biplane powered by a de Havilland Gipsy III engine. Although only 35 were produced before the start of the war, a total of 940 were built, mainly under licence by other companies.
The company was renamed Stampe et Renard when Stampe merged with the Renard company. Owing to the German invasion production ceased on 10 May 1940. Post-war activities did not meet with much success.

</doc>
<doc id="9879527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879527" title="Elfa">
Elfa

Elfa may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9879530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879530" title="The Whole SHeBANG">
The Whole SHeBANG

The Whole SHeBANG is the debut album by the American country music group SHeDAISY. It was released on May 11, 1999 on Lyric Street Records, and has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. Singles from this album were "Little Good-Byes," "This Woman Needs," "I Will… But," "Lucky 4 You (Tonight I'm Just Me)" and "Still Holding Out for You."
Critical reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic said that he did not consider the album country in sound, but still thought that the songs were well-executed, praising Kristyn Osborn's songwriting skills and the trio's vocal harmonies. He gave the album four stars out of five.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
"The Whole SHeBANG: All Mixed Up".
The album was re-released on September 25, 2001 as a remixed version entitled "The Whole SHeBANG: All Mixed Up". The remix version received a two-star rating from Maria Konicki Dinoia of Allmusic, who said, "unless you're a hardcore SheDAISY fan, there really isn't anything excitingly new here or that you haven't heard already."

</doc>
<doc id="9879531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879531" title="Cosas de mujer">
Cosas de mujer

Cosas de mujer is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Carlos Schlieper. It stars Zully Moreno and Ángel Magaña.

</doc>
<doc id="9879537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879537" title="Una Cubana en España">
Una Cubana en España

Una Cubana en España is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879540" title="The Street Next to the Moon">
The Street Next to the Moon

The Street Next to the Moon () is a 1951 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9879545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879545" title="La Comedia inmortal">
La Comedia inmortal

La Comedia inmortal is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Catrano Catrani. The film premiered on February 9, 1951. It is about a librarian in love with a man played by Tato Bores.

</doc>
<doc id="9879551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879551" title="El Complejo de Felipe">
El Complejo de Felipe

El Complejo de Felipe is a 1951 Argentine film. It was directed by Juan Carlos Thorry and written by Julio Porter. It featured Enrique Serrano.

</doc>
<doc id="9879562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879562" title="Café Cantante">
Café Cantante

Café Cantante is a 1951 Argentine film.
Directed and written by Antonio Momplet. The movie was released on July 5th, 1951. 
Plot.
The movie takes place in mid 19th Century Andalusia, Spain. An attractive flamenco dancer and singer, Rosarillo, captivates Andalusian audiences with her talent. On her wedding night, while she performed, her husband is murdered. When she is told the news onstage, she vows to avenge her husband's murder.

</doc>
<doc id="9879576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879576" title="Camino al crimen">
Camino al crimen

Camino al crimen is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879583" title="Frank Glazer">
Frank Glazer

Frank Glazer (born February 19, 1915) is an American pianist, composer, and professor of music.
Glazer was born in Chester, Wisconsin on February 19, 1915, the sixth child of Benjamin and Clara Glazer, Jewish immigrants from Lithuania. The family moved to Milwaukee in 1919. His first piano lessons were given by his sister Blanche (1907–1920); later he was taught by several local musicians. Frank Glazer was educated in Milwaukee Public Schools, and graduated the city's North Division High School in 1932. In his teenage years, he played in his brothers' dance band, his high school band and vaudeville. Alfred Strelsin, a New York signage manufacturer and arts patron, provided the funds for Glazer to travel to Berlin in 1932 to study with Artur Schnabel; he also studied with Arnold Schoenberg. Glazer then taught piano in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Strelsin urged Glazer to make his New York debut, telling him, "If you don't start by time you're 21, forget it". Glazer made his debut at Town Hall in New York City on October 20, 1936, with a program of Bach, Brahms, Schubert, and Chopin. He played this program again in 2006, to celebrate his seventieth anniversary of public performance.
In 1939 Glazer performed with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under Sergei Koussevitzky. Glazer served in the US Army as an interpreter from 1943 to 1945 in Germany and France.
After the war he embarked upon an effort to reinvent piano technique, beginning with a study of anatomy and analyzing the most efficient way to create sound. Glazer believes this study is why he has remained able to play successfully into his 90s, when hand problems have forced many younger pianists out of the profession. As one fellow pianist commented, "It gets more amazing as Frank gets older, because he has less brute force to put into his playing. Yet he can still play some of the toughest pieces in the repertory, because he has figured out how to get there without wasting any motion".
In the early 1950s, Glazer had his own television show called "Playhouse 15" in Milwaukee. On September 6, 1952, he married classical singer Ruth Gevalt (1910–2006). (1) With his wife, Ruth, he founded in the 1970s the Saco River Festival in Maine, a summer chamber series. From 1965 until 1980 Glazer taught at the Eastman School of Music; among his students Myriam Avalos and Martin Amlin. In 1980 Glazer left Eastman and became artist in residence at Bates College in Maine. In the 1960s he recorded the complete piano music of Erik Satie for the Vox label.
As of 2009, he resides in Topsham, Maine.
(1) "The Fountain of Youth: The Artistry of Frank Glazer", by Duncan J Cumming (VDM Verlag, Saarbrücken, Germany, 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="9879584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879584" title="De turno con la muerte">
De turno con la muerte

De turno con la muerte is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Julio Porter.

</doc>
<doc id="9879588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879588" title="Derecho viejo">
Derecho viejo

Derecho viejo is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879596" title="King Drive-In">
King Drive-In

The King Drive-In is a historic drive-in theater located in Russellville, Alabama. It is the oldest continually operating drive-in theater in the state of Alabama.
History.
The King Drive-In began showing films in 1949 when it was originally owned by namesake A.L. King. King's son, Morgan, took over operations in 1974. Traditionally, the theater screened films throughout the summer at this time when local children and teenagers were out of school. In more recent years, the drive in has opened earlier during the Spring and also remained open into the Fall.
Today.
The King Drive-In remains among the last currently operating drive-in theater in North Alabama. It has survived for more than 60 years in Franklin County, despite the additions of digital screens in Florence, Alabama, as well as the attraction of area high school football games during the fall months. It has upgraded its facilities to include the transmission of sound through FM radio, as well as an upgraded screen and projector.
Currently, the King Drive-In plays a double and sometimes triple features on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. Trailers for upcoming films are played in between films to give customers time for concessions or a restroom break. The location is known as a gathering point for area youths and family on summer weekend nights.

</doc>
<doc id="9879604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879604" title="Una Noche cualquiera">
Una Noche cualquiera

Una Noche cualquiera is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879616" title="1778 in Ireland">
1778 in Ireland

Events from the year 1778 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9879625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879625" title="Yale Literary Magazine">
Yale Literary Magazine

The Yale Literary Magazine, founded in 1836, is the oldest literary magazine in the United States and publishes poetry and fiction by Yale undergraduates twice per academic year.
The magazine is published biannually. In recent years, it has conducted and published interviews with high-profile 20th and 21st-century literary figures such as Junot Diaz, who won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, Art Spiegelman, who won a Pulitzer Prize for his graphic novel memoir "Maus", and Paul Muldoon, the poetry editor for "The New Yorker," who won a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="9879628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879628" title="Llévame contigo (film)">
Llévame contigo (film)

Llévame contigo is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Juan Sires.
Plot.
In an abandoned mansion, two homeless squatters witness a woman who hits her husband and leaves him for dead.

</doc>
<doc id="9879633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879633" title="Ciumani">
Ciumani

Ciumani (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. It is composed of a single village, Ciumani.
Governance.
It belonged first to the Székely seat of Gyergyószék, which was subsequently absorbed into Csíkszék, then, from 1876 until 1918, to Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After WWI, by the terms of the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania. As a result of the Second Vienna Award, it belonged to Hungary again between 1940 and 1944. After WWII, it came under Romanian administration and became part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, it formed part of the Hungarian Autonomous Province, then, of the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province until it was abolished in 1968. Since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 4,334 of which 99.68% or 4,320 are Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9879635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879635" title="Réal Lemieux">
Réal Lemieux

Réal "Frenchy" Lemieux (January 3, 1945 in Victoriaville, Quebec – October 24, 1975) is a former ice hockey right wing. He played in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings, New York Rangers and Buffalo Sabres.
In his NHL career, the vast majority of which was spent with Los Angeles, Lemieux played in 483 games, scoring 51 goals and adding 104 assists. After retiring, he developed a blood clot in his brain and died in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9879640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879640" title="Locuras, tiros y mambos">
Locuras, tiros y mambos

Locuras, tiros y mambos is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879649" title="Huntsman Cancer Institute">
Huntsman Cancer Institute

Huntsman Cancer Institute (HCI) is an NCI-designated cancer research facility and hospital located on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. It is the only National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center in the Intermountain West. This title ensures patients benefit from the most current screening, diagnostic, and treatment methods. It means that Huntsman Cancer Institute follows national guidelines for the detection and treatment of cancer, and its physicians and researchers participate in the process of developing these guidelines.
Overview.
Huntsman Cancer Institute was founded with a pledge of $100 million of personal wealth from Jon Huntsman, Sr., a philanthropist and businessman. To date, Huntsman has donated more than $250 million of his own money since Huntsman Cancer Institute was established. Mary Beckerle is HCI’s executive director.
"We will place into society assistance for those who suffer, hope for those who may need inspiration, and education for those who may feel the challenge but do not have the means." - Jon M. Huntsman, chairman of Huntsman Cancer Foundation
In November 2013, Huntsman donated an additional $50 million for the construction of a new research building dedicated to children's cancer. Construction of the new building is slated to begin in 2014.
Mission statement.
Huntsman Cancer Institute's mission is to understand cancer from its beginnings, to use that knowledge in the creation and improvement of cancer treatments, to relieve the suffering of cancer patients, and to provide education about cancer risk, prevention, and care. Former Huntsman Cancer Foundation President, Jon Huntsman, Jr., explains, "It is the goal of Huntsman Cancer Institute to become a symbol of hope and optimism. We want those carrying the heavy burden of cancer to feel strengthened and hopeful."
To support its mission, the Huntsman Cancer Institute campus currently consists of a research building dedicated in 1999 and a 50-bed hospital dedicated in 2004.
In 2011 the Hospital was expanded to 100-beds, a new Infusion Center, and multiple clinics.
Clinical.
Huntsman Cancer Hospital stands adjacent to the research building and is connected by glass walkways. A team of experts customizes each patient’s treatment plan to design the most effective combination of surgery, radiation, and/or chemotherapy. These plans are based on the most up-to-date understanding of treating cancer generally and the individual patient specifically. This approach ensures the best possible outcome for both rare and more common cancers.
Research.
The University of Utah has long been a leader in the study of human genetics. Scientists at Huntsman Cancer Institute aim to understand cancer at a molecular and genetic level and strive to find new and more effective ways to treat this disease. A treatment approach based on genetic knowledge allows for more targeted, individualized cancer therapies.
Research Programs.
The Cancer Center Support Grant, which is awarded by the National Cancer Institute, subsidizes cancer research performed by more than 130 members of our Cancer Center. The purpose of this grant is to promote scientific excellence through coordinated, broad-based transdisciplinary programs and to benefit state-of-the-art shared research resources.
Established Cancer Center research programs include the following:
Shared Resources.
Shared resources support research programs at Huntsman Cancer Institute. A shared resource is a service or technology used by more than one department or program for maximum efficiency. Huntsman Cancer Institute researchers utilize the following shared resources:

</doc>
<doc id="9879656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879656" title="Patrick Giles">
Patrick Giles

Patrick Giles (1899 – 13 March 1965) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was born in 1899 on a family farm outside Longwood village in County Meath. During the Irish War of Independence he was a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB), and was captain of the local Longwood Company. In 1920 he and some of his brothers took part in a raid on the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC) Barracks in Trim, which was burnt to the ground. The aim of the raid was to supply arms to local volunteers. After the raid the arms were dispersed to different sites, one of which was the Giles family farm. During a raid by the Crown forces, his name was found on a note linking him to the storing of these arms and he was sent to prison in Perth, Scotland for three years, but he got out after one year shortly before the Anglo-Irish Truce. In the split that followed after the Anglo-Irish Treaty, he, like most of the IRA in County Meath took the Pro-treaty side. Later he served in the National Army and achieved the rank of Captain.
In 1934 he was elected to Meath County Council. At the 1937 general election he was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Fine Gael representing the Meath–Westmeath. By this time he had acquired a farm in Drumlargan near Summerhill, County Meath. He held his seat in subsequent elections until the constituency was abolished prior to the 1948 general election. At the 1948 general election he was elected for the re-established Meath constituency. He held his seat up to the 1961 general election in which he was unable to run due to deteriorating health. He died in 1965.
Anti-Semitic Quotes.
""Who owns the wealth of Dublin? Is it the Irish volunteers or the Irish people? No, it is not, but the rotten old Jews."" - Dáil Éireann Wednesday, 1 December 1937
"" I think it is a terrible thing that we, who call ourselves a Christian people, should stand idly by and allow the Jews, the Gentiles, the Freemasons and Communists to dictate the policy of the world. We stand for Christianity. We stand for it against the Jews, the Gentiles, the Reds and the Freemasons of the world."" - Dáil Éireann Thursday, Wednesday, 13 July 1938
""To-day Minister for Defence Frank Aiken ] is nothing more than Britain's tool for the coming European war, engineered by the financiers and Jews of the world."" - Dail Eireann Thursday, 16 February 1939
""..the finance of the country is in the hands of Jews and foreigners"" - Dail Eireann Friday, 10 May 1940

</doc>
<doc id="9879663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879663" title="Mi divina pobreza">
Mi divina pobreza

Mi divina pobreza is a 1951 Argentine drama film directed by Alberto D'Aversa and starring Elina Colomer and Armando Bó.

</doc>
<doc id="9879664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879664" title="Ararat, Virginia">
Ararat, Virginia

Ararat is an unincorporated community in Patrick County, Virginia, United States, south of the Blue Ridge Parkway and north of Mount Airy, North Carolina. Ararat is located near the Virginia/North Carolina state line about five miles north of Mount Airy, North Carolina and about 25 miles west of Stuart, Virginia. The community's name comes from the Ararat River which flows through the area. The River takes its name from the Jefferson Fry Map of 1751, which calls Pilot Mountain part of the "Mountains of Ararat." The Saura Indian name for nearby Pilot Mountain in Surry County, North Carolina is "The Pilot" and the mountain reverted to that. The large Monadnock mountain was thought to resemble a bullfrog and the Indians named it after the sound they thought it made "Ratratrat". Early white settlers thought what they were saying sounded like "Ararat," the mountain which, according to the Bible, was the landing point of Noah's Ark.
Blue Ridge Elementary School is located in the community. 
Several famous people were born in the community, such as the Reverend Bob Childress; "The Man Who Moved A Mountain," and James Ewell Brown "Jeb" Stuart, the Major General of Cavalry for Robert E. Lee during the American Civil War. Also, First Lieutenant Levi Barnard, eulogized by the band Old Crow Medicine Show in their song, "Levi".
The J.E.B. Stuart Birthplace, the Laurel Hill Farm, is a preserved private park in the community that is open for self-guided tours daily and holds a Civil War encampment the first full weekend of October each year.

</doc>
<doc id="9879668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879668" title="Patrulla norte">
Patrulla norte

Patrulla norte is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879675" title="Pocholo, Pichuca y yo">
Pocholo, Pichuca y yo

Pocholo, Pichuca y yo is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879682" title="La Pícara cenicienta">
La Pícara cenicienta

La Pícara cenicienta is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879688" title="Éamonn Grimes">
Éamonn Grimes

Éamonn Grimes (born 1947) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Limerick senior team.
Grimes joined the team during the 1966 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1981 championship. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, four Munster medals, (two as a substitute) one National Hurling League medal and two All-Star awards. An All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions, Grimes captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1973.
At club level Grimes was a four-time county club championship medalist with South Liberties.
Playing career.
Colleges.
During his secondary schooling at CBS Sexton Street, Grimes became a key member of the college senior hurling team.
In 1964 he won his first Harty Cup medal following a defeat of St. Flannan's College. The subsequent All-Ireland decider saw the Limerick side face St. Peter's College, Wexford. A high-scoring 6–7 to 4–5 victory gave grimes a coveted All-Ireland medal.
Grimes added a second Harty Cup medal to his collection the following year, before going down to St. Kieran's College in the All-Ireland decider on a score line of 6–9 to 6–1.
In his final year with the school Grimes won a third successive Harty Cup medal as captain of the side following a defeat of Thurles CBS. The subsequent All-Ireland decider against St. Mary's of Galway turned into an absolute rout. A huge 8–9 to 2–2 victory gave Grimes a second All-Ireland medal.
Club.
Grimes played his club hurling, along with his brothers Lar, John, Mikey and Joe, with the famous South Liberties club in Limerick.
After playing in two losing county finals, Grimes was at midfield again when South Liberties faced Patrickswell in 1972. A 4–8 to 1–5 victory gave Grimes a coveted championship medal.
Four years later Grimes added a second championship medal to his collection following a narrow 2–9 to 2–6 defeat of Killeedy.
South Liberties surrendered their title the following year, however, they reached the final again in 1978. Grimes won a third championship medal following a 2–9 to 2–5 defeat of Bruree.
In 1981 South Liberties defeated Kilmallock by 4–7 to 2–11, giving Grimes a fourth championship medal.
Grimes retired from club hurling in 1986.
Minor and under-21.
Grimes first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Limerick minor hurling team in 1963. He was an unused substitute that year when Limerick defeated Tipperary by 4–12 to 5–4 to take the Munster crown. The subsequent All-Ireland decider saw Limerick face Wexford. Grimes was introduced as a substitute, however, Wexford won a high-scoring game by 6–12 to 5–9.
Two years later Grimes was in his final year in the grade and was a regular member of the starting fifteen. A 5–5 to 3–9 defeat of Tipperary gave him his first Munster medal on the field of play. Limerick were subsequently defeated by 4–10 to 2–7 by Dublin in the subsequent All-Ireland decider.
Grimes subsequently joined the Limerick under-21 hurling team, however, he enjoyed little success in this grade.
Senior.
Grimes subsequently joined the Limerick senior team, making his debut the day before he was due to sit his Leaving Certificate in a Munster quarter-final defeat of Tipperary.
In 1971 Limerick hurling bounced back after over a decade in the doldrums. A narrow 3–12 to 3–11 defeat of old rivals Tipperary gave Grimes a coveted National Hurling League medal.
Two years later Grimes was appointed captain of the team as Limerick finally made the provincial breakthrough. A last-gasp free by Richie Bennis secured a narrow 6–7 to 2–18 defeat of Tipperary in the provincial decider and a first Munster medal for Grimes. It was Limerick's first provincial triumph since 1955. Grimes later lead his team of underdogs to Croke Park for an All-Ireland showdown with reigning champions and injury-ravaged Kilkenny. A downpour spoiled the game for spectators, however, a Mossie Dowling goal eight minutes after half-time, together with a tour de force by Richie Bennis powered Limerick to a 1–21 to 1–14 victory. Not only did the victory give Grimes a coveted All-Ireland medal but he also had the honour of collecting the Liam MacCarthy Cup on behalf of the team. Following the conclusion of the championship he was personally honoured by being presented with his first All-Star award, as well as being named Texaco Hurler of the Year.
In 1974 Limerick maintained their provincial dominance. Grimes captured a second Munster medal following a 6–14 to 3–9 trouncing of Clare. This victory allowed Grimes's side advance directly to the All-Ireland final where Kilkenny provided the opposition once again. The Cats were back to full strength and set out for revenge. In spite of this Limerick stormed into an early lead, however, this was diminished as Pat Delaney, Eddie Keher and Mick Brennan scored goals. Limerick lost the game by 3–19 to 1–13.
Limerick failed to win a third provincial championship, however, Grimes won a second All-Star award in 1975.
By 1980 Grimes had been dropped from the starting fifteen. He was a non-playing substitute as Limerick won the Munster final by 2–14 to 2–10 that year and denied Cork a record-breaking sixth successive title. The subsequent All-Ireland decider pitted Limerick against Galway, however, Grimes started the game outside of the starting fifteen once again. He was introduced to the field of play during the game, however, history was with the westerners that day. Éamonn Cregan scored 2–7 and nearly single-handedly won the game for Limerick, however, it was not enough to stem the tide and Galway went on to win the game by 2–15 to 3–9.
Limerick retained their provincial crown in 1981 following a 3–12 to 2–9 defeat of Clare, however, Grimes was still a non-playing substitute. His career drew to an end when eventual champions Offaly defeat Limerick in the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final.
Inter-provincial.
Grimes also had the honour of being selected for Munster in the inter-provincial series of games. He made his debut with the province in 1972 and was a regular at various intervals until his retirement in 1978. During that time he won two Railway Cup medals as a non-playing substitute in 1976 and 1978.
Personal life.
Grimes lives in Limerick, with his wife, Helen. They married in the 1970s and have two children.
After completing his education Grimes later worked as a sales representative for Beamish and Crawford. His name re-appeared in sports reports many years later when his friend and fellow member and benefactor of the South Liberties club, J.P. McManus, named his successful racehorse "Grimes" in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="9879689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879689" title="Pasó en mi barrio">
Pasó en mi barrio

Pasó en mi barrio is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="9879695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879695" title="Ritmo, sal y pimienta">
Ritmo, sal y pimienta

Ritmo, sal y pimienta is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879698" title="Tom Henry">
Tom Henry

Thomas C. "Tom" Henry (born November 8, 1951) is an American politician and the current Mayor of Fort Wayne, Indiana. A Democrat, Henry previously served five terms on Fort Wayne City Council from 1984 to 2004 representing the 3rd District. Henry is also the President and CEO of the Gallant Group, an insurance agency specializing in healthcare consulting.
Early life.
Tom Henry was the second of 17 children born to Jerome and Marganelle "Marge" Henry.
He attended Fort Wayne Central Catholic High School, graduating in 1970. He served in the United States Army Military Police Corps from 1971 to 1973. He then received a bachelor's degree in psychology and an MBA, both from the University of Saint Francis.
City Council.
Tom Henry represented the Third District for five terms on the Fort Wayne City Council between 1984 and 2004. He was preceded by Republican Roy Schomburg. Henry narrowly won re-election in 1995 by only five votes after the outcome was determined by a recount. He lost a bid for a sixth term in 2003.
2007 and 2012 Mayoral campaigns.
Henry announced his bid for the Democratic nomination for Mayor on February 21, 2007. Henry had considered running for Mayor in 1999, but backed out and supported the Democratic challenger who went on to become mayor, Graham Richard.
Henry won the Democratic mayoral primary on May 8, 2007 with 82.4 percent of the vote against token opposition. He defeated Republican Matt Kelty in the November election, with 60 percent of the vote.
Henry was re-elected on November 8, 2011 with 49.9 percent of votes to Republican challenger Paula Hughes' 46 percent.
Mayoralty.
Tom Henry on December 15, 2008 signed the revised noise ordinance passed by City Council, making light pollution a violation of city ordinance. "Although I have concerns about this ordinance, it is up to council to decide what legislative action is appropriate for our community," Henry said in a written statement.
On December 9, Fort Wayne City Council voted 5–4 to pass a revised noise ordinance to include a section pertaining to improper use of directional lighting. Floodlights, bullet lights and spotlights must be focused away from a neighbor's home, or Fort Wayne Police can cite the offender if a complaint is made. Security lights are permissible.
The amendment was introduced at the Aug. 12 meeting by John Shoaff, D-at large, to end a dispute between two of his constituents, one of whom has allegedly been shining a directional light into the other's home. Henry said council should still work to hone the amendment so it can be enforced when necessary.
" …This ordinance will be difficult to enforce as written and … certain exceptions to its provisions should be considered," Henry said in a statement. "Amongst the concerns raised were athletic events held in the evening, holiday light displays and emergency repair work, to name a few."
Personal life.
Henry married Cindy née Kocks in 1975. Cindy owns The Green Frog, a neighborhood tavern. They have two children and, as of 2009, two grandchildren. Henry and his family are Catholics, and members of the Most Precious Blood Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9879705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879705" title="El Pendiente">
El Pendiente

El Pendiente is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879713" title="Mi vida por la tuya">
Mi vida por la tuya

Mi vida por la tuya is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879714" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 173">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 173

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 173 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879726" title="Martín pescador">
Martín pescador

Martín pescador is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879729" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 174">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 174

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 174 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879731" title="Montreal, Portland and Boston Railway">
Montreal, Portland and Boston Railway

The Montreal, Portland and Boston Railway was an international railroad located in northern Vermont and southern Quebec.
It was built from Frelighsburg, Quebec to Sheldon, Vermont in 1882. At Sheldon Junction it connected with the Portland and Ogdensburg Railroad.
Due to lack of traffic on the MP&B, the tracks were abandoned and removed the following year in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="9879733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879733" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 175">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 175

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 175 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879735" title="Me casé con una estrella">
Me casé con una estrella

Me casé con una estrella is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879736" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 176">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 176

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 176 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879740" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 177">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 177

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 177 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879743" title="1801 in Ireland">
1801 in Ireland

Events from the year 1801 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9879745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879745" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 178">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 178

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 178 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879746" title="El Mucamo de la niña">
El Mucamo de la niña

El Mucamo de la niña is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879747" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 179">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 179

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 179 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879749" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 180">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 180

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 180 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879750" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 181">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 181

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 181 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879752" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 182">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 182

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 182 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879759" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 183">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 183

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 183 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879760" title="El Negro que tenía el alma blanca">
El Negro que tenía el alma blanca

El Negro que tenía el alma blanca is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879763" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 184">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 184

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 184 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879766" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 185">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 185

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 185 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879767" title="Native Son (1951 film)">
Native Son (1951 film)

Native Son (1951), also known as Sangre negra, is a black-and-white Argentine film directed by the French filmmaker Pierre Chenal.
The film is based on the novel "Native Son" by American author Richard Wright who also starred in the film. Actor Canada Lee was originally scheduled to play the role but had difficulties with his visa while filming "Cry, the Beloved Country" in South Africa and had to decline the role.
References.
2. Son" AKA "Sangre negra" (1951)

</doc>
<doc id="9879769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879769" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 186">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 186

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 186 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879772" title="La orquídea">
La orquídea

La orquídea is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879773" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 187">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 187

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 187 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879781" title="En cuerpo y alma">
En cuerpo y alma

En cuerpo y alma is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879786" title="Kaya Scodelario">
Kaya Scodelario

Kaya Rose Scodelario (born Kaya Rose Humphrey; 13 March 1992) is an English actress, best known for her portrayal of Effy Stonem in the E4 teen drama "Skins".
Early life.
Scodelario was born in Haywards Heath. Her mother, Katia Scodelario, is Brazilian, and moved to England in 1990. Her father, Roger Humphrey, is English. Her parents divorced when she was a child and she was brought up by her mother, subsequently adopting her surname and becoming fluent in Portuguese. Scodelario was bullied during her early childhood and dealt with low self-esteem, which led to her passion for drama becoming an outlet.
Career.
"Skins".
With no prior acting experience, at the age of 14, Scodelario was cast in the 2007 first series of "Skins" as Effy Stonem. Upon Scodelario's arrival to the auditions she felt she was too young and became discouraged, a producer told her to stay and was asked to read for the part. While Scodelario's role had minimal speaking lines in the first series, her character developed considerably in the series during 2008, before she eventually became the central character in the 2009 and 2010 series after the cast had been replaced with a new generation of characters. This made Effy the only character to appear from series 1 right through to series 4 of "Skins". Filming began in July and Scodelario revealed that 18 November 2009 had been her last day of filming the series and that she would miss being on the show. 
Scodelario left after the fourth series, making way for the third generation of characters. Her performance was praised by critics, and she was nominated twice in the category for "Best Actress" at the TV Quick Awards in 2009 and 2010.
Scodelario reprised her role as Effy in one of the three parts of the seventh (and final) series of "Skins", which is called "Fire", and is a two part rendition of her life as an adult, lasting two hours in total. She claims Fire is "more like a movie" and says she can currently relate, as both Scodelario and her character, Effy, are struggling to change from a teenager into an adult.
Other work.
Scodelario made her film debut in the science fiction-thriller film "Moon", which premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival, receiving positive reviews. In her second film "Shank", she plays a teenager called Tasha. The film was released on 26 March 2010. In addition, she appeared in the 2010 remake of the "Clash of the Titans" as Peshet.
Scodelario was previously signed with Models 1 and has modeled for various magazines, including "Teen Vogue", "Nylon", "Instyle UK", "Elle UK", "Dazed & Confused", "Vogue" and "i-D". She also appears in the music videos for "Stay Too Long", "She Said", "Love Goes Down", and "Writing's on the Wall" by British musician Plan B. She can also be seen in the music video for "Old Isleworth" by The Ruskins and Robbie Williams 2012 Single "Candy".
In April 2010, Scodelario confirmed her casting as Cathy in an adaptation of "Wuthering Heights" directed by Andrea Arnold. Principal photography started in September and concluded in November 2010. The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September 2011 to generally positive reviews, and Scodelario was even hailed as a "heart-wrenching revelation". "Wuthering Heights" also appeared at several other international film festivals, including the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival, London Film Festival, and the 2012 Sundance Film Festival. The film was released in the UK on 11 November.
2011 brought in more projects for Scodelario. She signed on to star in a British thriller, "Twenty8k", as the character Sally Weaver. Filming lasted six weeks during April and May 2011. The film is expected to be released in October 2012. In late June, Scodelario announced that she has signed on to star in "Now Is Good" with Dakota Fanning. The film is based on Jenny Downham's novel, "Before I Die", about a teenage girl with leukaemia who creates a list of things to do before she dies. She portrays Zoey, the protagonist's best friend. Production was shot in seven weeks in July and August. In late September, Scodelario filmed a television serial for BBC One, "True Love", an improvised series comprising five stand-alone episodes, each covering a different love-related dilemma. She is cast in the third storyline as Karen, the love interest of her teacher, who is portrayed by Billie Piper. The episode aired on 19 June 2012.
In January 2012, Scodelario filmed her first American film, "Emanuel and the Truth About Fishes", in Los Angeles. She stars as the title character, Emanuel, a troubled 17-year-old girl who babysits her new neighbour Linda's "baby," which is actually a very lifelike doll. Limited Release on 10 January 2014. While visiting her boyfriend on the set of "Spike Island" in April, Scodelario filmed a cameo appearance for the film. She also participated in an advertising campaign for Korean jewellery brand "J.Estina". Scodelario also appears in the music video for Candy, the lead single from Robbie Williams' ninth studio album. In 2013 she starred in the four-part Channel 4 drama series "Southcliffe", which tells the story of a fictional English town devastated by a spate of shootings, exploring the tragedy through the eyes of a journalist and those close to the victims.
Scodelario signed on to her first film franchise, "The Maze Runner", in April 2013. She will star as the lead female character, Teresa. The film is set to come out in September 2014. She is also set to star in the upcoming home-invasion thriller, "Tiger House". Scodelario has also recently signed on to star as Marie-Josèphe in the film adaptation of "The Moon and the Sun", which is expected for a 2015 release.
Furthermore, Scodelario is attached to "Stay With Me", which will be directed by Tim Fywell and produced by Festival Film & TV. The film is based upon Lesley Glaister's novel, "Now You See Me", and she will be portraying the role of Lamb. Production is scheduled to begin in February/March 2012. She is also attached to "Invisible", which is written, directed, and produced by Robert Cavanah, who will also star in the feature. Scodelario will portray the role of Lola, a teenage runaway trying to escape her enforced prostitution. The film is based upon Si Wall's screenplay, "Drinking Chocolate".
Personal life.
Scodelario revealed in an interview that she dated "Skins" co-star Jack O'Connell for about a year before splitting up in June 2009, though they remain good friends. She was in a relationship with Elliott Tittensor since late 2009 but broke up sometime in late 2013/early 2014. Their relationship became more public when Scodelario supported Tittensor after his arrest for an incident where he hit someone while driving in an uninsured automobile.
From 2008 until 2010, Scodelario lived alone in a flat in North London, stating that it is important for women to be "independent and strong". Scodelario suffers from dyslexia: "Watching an interesting doc on BBC Three about dyslexia, something that I have struggled with my whole life. It really affected my self-esteem." Her father died on 22 November 2010. She was voted 13th in the UK edition of FHM's 100 World's Sexiest Women 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9879790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879790" title="El Hermoso Brummel">
El Hermoso Brummel

El Hermoso Brummel is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879797" title="Wyndham Knatchbull">
Wyndham Knatchbull

Sir Wyndham Knatchbull, 12th Baronet JP (9 August 1844 – 30 July 1917) was a British barrister and Conservative Party politician.
Knatchbull was the second son of Sir Norton Knatchbull, 10th Baronet and his wife Mary Watts-Russell, eldest daughter of Jesse Watts-Russell. He was educated at Eton College and worked then as civil servant for the General Post Office. In 1871, he succeeded his older brother Edward as baronet. He entered the British House of Commons in 1875, sitting for East Kent until the following year. Knatchbull was Justice of the Peace for Kent.
On 18 March 1902, he married Margaret Elizabeth, daughter of Charles Taylor and widow of John Dillon Browne. Their marriage was childless. Knatchbull died in 1917 and was succeeded by Cecil Knatchbull-Hugessen, the second son of his cousin Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen, 1st Baron Brabourne, in turn the second son of Sir Edward Knatchbull, 9th Baronet. His wife survived him for four years until 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="9879805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879805" title="El Heroico Bonifacio">
El Heroico Bonifacio

El Heroico Bonifacio is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879815" title="La Vida de una mujer">
La Vida de una mujer

La Vida de una mujer is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879820" title="Vivir un instante">
Vivir un instante

Vivir un instante is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879827" title="Volver a la vida">
Volver a la vida

 
Volver a la vida is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9879839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879839" title="Escándalo nocturno">
Escándalo nocturno

Escándalo nocturno is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879853" title="Especialista en señoras">
Especialista en señoras

Especialista en señoras is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879858" title="El extraño caso del hombre y la bestia">
El extraño caso del hombre y la bestia

El Extraño caso del hombre y la bestia is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879861" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 188">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 188

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 188 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879863" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 189">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 189

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 189 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879864" title="Fantasmas asustados">
Fantasmas asustados

Fantasmas asustados is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879865" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 190">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 190

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 190 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879868" title="El Hincha">
El Hincha

El Hincha is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879874" title="El Honorable inquilino">
El Honorable inquilino

El Honorable inquilino is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879880" title="Honrarás a tu madre">
Honrarás a tu madre

Honrarás a tu madre is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879889" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 191">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 191

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 191 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879892" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 192">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 192

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 192 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879895" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 193">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 193

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 193 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879897" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 194">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 194

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 194 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879898" title="Ion Overman">
Ion Overman

Ion Overman (born November 9, 1976) is an American actress.
Life and career.
Overman's mother is African-American and her father is of English heritage from the United Kingdom. Overman made her acting debut in the 1995 movie "The Walking Dead". In 2000, she was cast as Gabriela Garza in the daytime soap opera "General Hospital", a character who also appeared in the "General Hospital" spinoff "Port Charles". She left the role in 2002.
From 2005 to 2006, she starred in the short-lived UPN sitcom "Love Inc." She has also made guest appearances in numerous television shows and movies, including "Beverly Hills, 90210", "", "Without a Trace", "Desperate Housewives", "Ghost Whisperer" and "The L Word".
She has starred in the 2006 film "Phat Girlz" and was Linda, Josh's (Derek Luke) stuck-up and corrupt fiance in Tyler Perry's 2009 movie "Madea Goes to Jail".

</doc>
<doc id="9879900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879900" title="Los Isleros">
Los Isleros

Los Isleros is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Lucas Demare. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival. It won the Silver Condor Award for Best Film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879904" title="La Indeseable">
La Indeseable

La Indeseable is a 1951 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9879909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879909" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 195">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 195

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 195 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879910" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 197">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 197

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 197 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879918" title="David Littman (ice hockey)">
David Littman (ice hockey)

David K. Littman (born June 13, 1967 in Cranston, Rhode Island) is a former ice hockey goaltender. He was drafted in the eleventh round, 211th overall, of the 1987 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres. He played three games in the National Hockey League: two with the Sabres and one with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Littman now works for Electronic Arts as a producer on the NHL series of games.

</doc>
<doc id="9879924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879924" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 198">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 198

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 198 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879926" title="List of foreign recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross">
List of foreign recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross

In total, 43 individuals in the military of allies of Nazi Germany were awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes"), the highest award in the military of Nazi Germany during World War II. Eight of these men were also honoured with the next higher grade, the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross (German: "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub"), and one senior naval officer, Fleet Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto, was additionally awarded the Swords to the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves (German: "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern"). Among the recipients were eighteen Romanians, nine Italians, eight Hungarians, two Slovaks, two Japanese, two Spaniards, two Finns, and one Belgian. 
Colonel General Dezső László of Hungary became the last foreign recipient of the award on 3 March 1945. The last surviving foreign recipient of the award was Belgian policitian Léon Degrelle, who died on 31 March 1994, fifty years after receiving the medal from Hitler's hands. 
Background.
The "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" kept separate Knight's Cross lists, one for each of the military branches, "Heer" (Army), "Kriegsmarine" (Navy), "Luftwaffe" (Air force) and for the "Waffen-SS". Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade. Once the four lists of the Knight's Cross recipients were merged into one listing, the chronological order was abandoned and the list was converted to an alphabetical list of recipients. Foreign recipients were never integrated into this list. The "Wehrmacht" also refrained from assigning a numbering scheme to the different lists of foreign recipients. Two principles were retained: the foreign Knights Cross recipients were ordered alphabetically and the recipients of the higher grades were ordered chronologically.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross ("Eisernes Kreuz") and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed, some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit goldenem Eichenlaub, Schwertern und Brillanten"), based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of 29 December 1944, concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Recipients.
The recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross are initially ordered alphabetically whereas the recipients of the higher grades are initially ordered chronologically. The rank listed is the recipient's rank at the time the Knight's Cross or the Oak Leaves were awarded.
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of 28 September 1941 to reward those servicemen who had already been awarded the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Isoroku Yamamoto was the sole non-German combatant to be honoured with the Swords to the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves.
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves was based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of 3 June 1940.
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of 1 September 1939 "Verordnung über die Erneuerung des Eisernen Kreuzes" (Regulation of the renewing of the Iron Cross). 

</doc>
<doc id="9879927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879927" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 199">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 199

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 199 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879929" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 200">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 200

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 200 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879932" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 201">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 201

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 201 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879936" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 202">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 202

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 202 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879942" title="Brand New Year">
Brand New Year

Brand New Year is a Christmas (second overall) album from country music trio SHeDAISY; it was released September 26, 2000. The renditions of "Deck the Halls" and "Jingle Bells" both charted on the "Billboard" country charts in 2000, peaking at #37 and #44, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="9879947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879947" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 203">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 203

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 203 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879950" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 204">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 204

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 204 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879963" title="The Quiet One (film)">
The Quiet One (film)

The Quiet One is a 1948 American documentary film directed by Sidney Meyers. The documentary chronicles the rehabilitation of a young, emotionally disturbed African-American boy; it contains a commentary written by James Agee, and narrated by Gary Merrill. In his 1949 review, Bosley Crowther characterized the film succinctly:
The still photographer Helen Levitt was one of the film's cinematographers and writers, along with the painter Janice Loeb. The neoclassical composer Ulysses Kay wrote the score for the film. The film's three writers - Meyers, Loeb, and Levitt - were nominated for the Best Writing, Story and Screenplay Academy Award; the film itself was also nominated for the Best Documentary Feature Academy Award. The National Board of Review named "The Quiet One" the second best film of 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9879966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879966" title="Luscar, Alberta">
Luscar, Alberta

Luscar was at one time a coal mining town in western Alberta, Canada, although nothing remains of the town today. It was situated in the foothills of the Northern Rockies about northwest of Cadomin along the Bighorn Highway (Highway 40), at the end of the CN Railway line.
History.
Luscar lies in an area known as the Alberta Coal Branch, which has a long history of coal mining. The original underground mine at Luscar opened in 1921, and by 1922 the town consisted of about 25 or 30 homes, a small cottage hospital, a school, a general store and other shops. The mine worked the strongly folded Jewel Seam and produced steam coal, primarily for railroad markets. Surface mining began in 1945 and underground mining had ceased by 1954. Fire destroyed the briquette plant in 1956 and later that year all mining ceased due to lack of markets for steam coal, after which the town was abandoned.
In 1970 the old Luscar townsite became the headquarters for an open-pit coal mine owned by Luscar Ltd. and operated by Cardinal River Coals Ltd. It produced coking coal for export to Asian steel mills. That mine closed at the end of 2000. Coal from the Cheviot Mine near Mountain Park is currently trucked to the Luscar site where it is cleaned and loaded into rail cars.

</doc>
<doc id="9879969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879969" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 205">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 205

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 205 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879973" title="Popular Democracy (United Left)">
Popular Democracy (United Left)

Popular Democracy (United Left) () was a political organization in Italy. DP(SU) was formed on January 21, 2000 after a split from the Communist Refoundation Party. DP(SU) published a theoretical journal called "Democrazia Popolare". The secretary of DP(SU) was Michele Capuano.
On July 17, 2004 DP(SU) merged into the Party of Italian Communists.

</doc>
<doc id="9879974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879974" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 206">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 206

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 206 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879975" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 196">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 196

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 196 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879976" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 172">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 172

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 172 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9879983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879983" title="United States Marine Forces Central Command">
United States Marine Forces Central Command

The Commander, U.S. Marine Corps Forces, Central Command (COMUSMARCENT), is designated as the Marine Corps service component commander for Commander, U.S. Central Command (COMUSCENTCOM). MARCENT is responsible for all Marine Forces in the CENTCOM Area of Responsibility (AOR) to include those serving at MARCENT, CENTCOM, Special Operations Command (SOCOM), and Special Operations Command, Central Command (SOCCENT).
The AOR, which includes 20 countries and over 500 million people, features mountain ranges with elevations of more than 24,000 feet and desert areas below sea level and temperatures ranging from below freezing to 130 degrees Fahrenheit. The Arabian Sea, Red Sea, Persian Gulf, and part of the Indian Ocean are included in this region. Three of the world's major religions, Christianity, Judaism and Islam have their roots here. The region contains the major maritime trade routes which link the Middle East, Europe, Asia and the Western Hemisphere. Petroleum products which fuel the economies of European and Asian allies pass through three maritime choke points in the region: the Strait of Hormuz, the Suez Canal and the Bab El Mandab.
COMUSMARCENT provides Marine Expeditionary Forces capable of conducting a wide range of operations, offering the command a responsive and unique set of capabilities. Marines embarked aboard U.S. Navy amphibious ships deploy regularly to the region, organized as Marine Air Ground Task Forces (MAGTF). These forces provide a potent mix of capabilities that can project combat power rapidly to any location in the region. While afloat in the CENTCOM AOR, they serve as a visible deterrent force, train continuously, and participate in a wide range of engagement activities.
In addition to providing MAGTFs deployed aboard U.S. Navy ships, MARCENT has the proven capability to deploy MAGTFs to the CENTCOM AOR by air and marry-up with prepositioned equipment. This provides COMUSCENTCOM with a rapid response capability across the range of military operations. Though there have been Marines stationed at CENTCOM Headquarters since September of 1982, MARCENT, as a service component command, did not come into existence until 1990, when Marine Corps forces were preparing for Operations DESERT SHIELD and DESERT STORM in Southwest Asia. Beginning in 2001, under the command of Commander, Marine Corps Forces Pacific, MARCENT participated in multiple operations, including Operation ENDURING FREEDOM in Afghanistan and Pakistan, operations in the Central Asian States as well as the Horn of Africa, and Operation IRAQI FREEDOM.
On August 3, 2005, Headquarters Marine Corps designated MARCENT as a force headquarters, under the command of Commanding General, I Marine Expeditionary Force.
U. S. Marine Corps Forces, Central Command, headquartered at MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa, Florida received its dedicated three-star Commander on September 7, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9879998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9879998" title="Hitman (UK game show)">
Hitman (UK game show)

Hitman is a quiz programme that was produced by Television South and aired on the ITV network for 1 series in 1989, the programme was hosted by Nick Owen. The series had 15 episodes and ran between February 21 to May 30 on Tuesdays. The program was based on the US version, which aired on NBC in 1983 and was hosted by Peter Tomarken.
Gameplay.
In the first round, three players watched a film clip and then answered a series of questions about it. Each correct answer earned a "hitman" for the player who gave it. The first two players to earn five hitmen advanced to the next round; the third was eliminated and given a consolation prize consisting of champagne and caviar.
For the second round, each of the remaining two players was given an army of hitmen to defend. The first player who qualified for the round received nine hitmen, while the second player received eight. They watched a new film clip and answered questions about it, with each correct answer eliminating one of the opponent's hitmen. The first player to wipe out all of his/her opponent's hitmen won the game and advanced to the final round for a chance to win up to £3,000.
In this round, the winner stood facing away from a board with eight columns, each of which contained a random number of hitmen, and had 60 seconds to clear up to three of them. He/she chose a column and tried to clear it out by answering questions on both of the film clips in the earlier rounds, earning £1,000 per column cleared. A wrong answer meant that the player had to abandon the current column and choose a new one. Completing three columns awarded the top prize of £3,000.
At the time of the show's broadcast, £3,000 was the maximum allowable cash prize on a game show in the United Kingdom. The first winner of this top prize, Paul Grimshaw from Wakefield, briefly held the UK record for the highest cash winnings on a game show.

</doc>
<doc id="9880003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880003" title="Corund">
Corund

Corund (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania, in the "Salt Region" ("Ţinutul Sării" or "Sóvidék"). Corund is famous for its pottery and ceramics.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of five villages, the administrative center being Corund:
Governance.
The village formed historically part of the Székely Land region of Transylvania province. It belonged to Udvarhelyszék, then, from 1876 until 1918 to the Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After WWI, by the terms of the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania. As a result of the Second Vienna Award, it belonged again to Hungary between 1940 and 1944. After WWII, it came under Romanian administration and became part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, it formed part of the Hungarian Autonomous Province, then, of the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province until it was abolished in 1968. Since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 6,005 of which 96.74% or 5,809 are ethnic Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="9880004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880004" title="Structure theorem">
Structure theorem

Structure theorem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9880012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880012" title="Tom Pridemore">
Tom Pridemore

Larry Thomas Pridemore is a former safety from West Virginia who played eight seasons in the NFL for the Atlanta Falcons and a legislator.
High School.
Pridemore played for the Ansted High School "Highlanders" and was a member of the record setting team that won 36 straight games on their way to winning back-to-back state championships (1971 and 1972).
College.
Pridemore, who was inducted into the West Virginia University Hall of Fame in 2001, holds school records that include: most career interception return yards (398 - 26.5 yards per return), most single game interception return yards, and most career interceptions (15). He also holds a WVU school record which doubles as an NCAA record as the Longest interception returned for a touchdown (102 yards vs Penn State). As a sophomore, Pridemore led the Mountaineers to a Peach Bowl victory against the NC State Wolfpack.
NFL.
After being drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in 1978, Pridemore saw his first start in the third game of his rookie year and never looked back. Pridemore was Atlanta's starting free safety for the next eight years, and earned the reputation as one of the meanest, hardest-hitting safeties in the game. With 21 career interceptions (returned for 368 total yards), Pridemore ranks sixth on Atlanta's all-time pick list behind Deion Sanders. He ranks fourth on the all-time list for most interceptions in a season at 7, and holds the Falcon's club record for most interception return yards in a single season (271). In 1981 Pridemore picked off a Joe Montana pass from a yard deep in Atlanta's own end-zone and returned it 101 yards for a touchdown, which is a team record. This duplication of Pridemore's previous college and NCAA record will probably also stand for quite some time, if not forever in Atlanta. While playing for the Falcons, Pridemore served one term in the West Virginia House of Delegates. He is the only NFL player to hold this legislative office while playing professional football.
Current.
After his tenure with the Falcons, Pridemore settled in Atlanta with his wife Leigh and four children, and went on to found Pride Utility Construction Company with long-time friend and teammate Scott Case. Pridemore is a prominent businessman in the greater Atlanta area, and has personal ventures in residential real-estate and timber properties. 
Pridemore now has two sons who play football at the Collegiate level. Matt, the eldest, enrolled at Duke University as a wide receiver in 2007, and TJ, who plays fullback for the University of Florida, enrolled in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9880014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880014" title="Marie-Elena John">
Marie-Elena John

Marie-Elena John (born 1963) is a Caribbean writer whose first novel, "Unburnable", was published in 2006.
Biography.
John was born and raised in Antigua and is a former development specialist of the African Development Foundation, the World Council of Churches’ Program to Combat Racism, and Global Rights (formerly the International Human Rights Law Group), where she worked in support of the pro-democracy movement in Nigeria and in the Democratic Republic of Congo. She is known especially for her work in the United Nations and at local and national levels to raise awareness about the denial of inheritance rights to women.
Marie-Elena John made history in 1986 as the first Black woman valedictorian of New York's City College (CCNY). She later earned a Masters of International Affairs from Columbia University, specializing in culture and development in Africa. She lives in Antigua and Washington, D.C with her husband, and their two children, Trey and Elyse.
Her literary debut, "Unburnable", was named "Best Debut of 2006" by "Black Issues Book Review", was short-listed for the 2007 Hurston-Wright Legacy Awards in the Debut Fiction Category, was nominated for the 2008 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award, and was identified by the Modern Language Association as a new title of note in Caribbean literature. She was also selected by Book Expo America as one of ten "emerging voices" for 2006, chosen from among the debut novelists reviewed by Publishers Weekly for the 2005-2006 period.
"Unburnable", which moves back and forth between modern times and the past, is primarily a historical novel centred on the hanging of a family matriarch, and fuses Caribbean history, African heritage, and African-American sensibilities. Marie-Elena John parlays her knowledge of the African diaspora, including the United States and the Caribbean island of Dominica, into a work that shifts from modern to colonial and pre-colonial times, exploring the intersection of history, African mythology and African-Caribbean culture. Important themes include the African origins of Carnival and masquerades, African religion, the practice of Obeah, syncretic Catholicism, Caribbean folklore, the Maroons and resistance to slavery. In this respect, "Unburnable" is both a contemporary Caribbean novel as well as a neo-slave narrative. "Unburnable" also notably includes the original inhabitants of the Caribbean, the Kalinago (also called the Carib Indians). It has been compared to Jean Rhys’ "Wide Sargasso Sea" and to Jamaica Kincaid’s "The Autobiography of My Mother".

</doc>
<doc id="9880019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880019" title="Dawit Mebratu">
Dawit Mebratu

Dawit Abraha Mebratu (, born 13 June 1984 in Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian football midfielder. He currently plays for Saint-George SA.
International career.
Mebratu was a member of the Ethiopia national football team, and was part of the Ethiopia squad at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9880032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880032" title="Tobacco harm reduction">
Tobacco harm reduction

Tobacco harm reduction describes actions taken to lower the health risks associated with using nicotine, especially as delivered through combustible tobacco, including but not necessitating complete abstention. These measures have been argued to include:
It is widely acknowledged that discontinuation of all tobacco products confers the greatest lowering of risk. However, there is a considerable population of inveterate smokers who are unable or unwilling to achieve abstinence. Harm reduction may be of substantial benefit to these individuals.
History.
Given the varying legal, moral and historical status of tobacco, and the different types of tobacco and tobacco use in different cultures around the world, debates on tobacco harm reduction tend to be geographically defined arguments. For instance, inhalant cigarette smoking is the dominant form in the United States, with a smaller number of users availing themselves of non-inhalant cigars, pipes, and smokeless tobacco. The political climate over the last few decades has led to both restrictions in the sale and use of tobacco and widespread information (and misinformation) about the negative health effects of tobacco use. Despite this, tobacco in all its forms has remained a legal product in most societies. A notable exception is the European Union, where the most dangerous products (cigarettes) are available but smokeless tobacco products, which are far less hazardous, are banned. The exception is Sweden, where there is a long tradition of smokeless tobacco use among men.
Harm reduction, a modality of dealing with other drug use, is beginning to be applied to tobacco use. In October 2008 the American Association of Public Health Physicians (AAPHP) became the first medical organization in the U.S. to officially endorse tobacco harm reduction as a viable strategy to reduce the death toll related to cigarette smoking. Joel Nitzkin, MD, of the AAPHP wrote: "So if we can figure that the nicotine in the e-cigarettes is basically a generic version of the same nicotine that is in prescription products, we have every reason to believe that the hazard posed by e-cigarettes would be much lower than one percent, probably lower than one tenth of one percent of the hazard posed by regular cigarettes."
"Safer cigarettes".
Cigarette manufacturers have attempted to design safer cigarettes for almost 50 years, but results have been marginal at best. Filters were introduced in the early 1950s, and manufacturers were selling low-yield cigarettes by the late 1960s. Initially it was thought that these innovations were harm reducing. For example, in 1976 investigators at the American Cancer Society published research concluding that light cigarettes were safer. The study authors wrote that "total death rates, death rates from coronary heart disease, and death rates from lung cancer were somewhat lower for those who smoked 'low' tar-nicotine cigarettes than for those who smoked 'high' tar-nicotine cigarettes."
Smokeless tobacco.
It has been established that use of Swedish and American smokeless tobacco confers only 0.1% to 10% of the risks of smoking, though smokeless products in India and Asia contain higher levels of contaminants and thus confer greater risks. Two respected medical groups believe that ST may play a role in reducing smoking-attributable deaths. In 2007, Britain's Royal College of Physicians concluded "...that smokers smoke predominantly for nicotine, that nicotine itself is not especially hazardous, and that if nicotine could be provided in a form that is acceptable and effective as a cigarette substitute, millions of lives could be saved."
Electronic cigarettes.
Electronic cigarettes are battery-powered devices that deliver vaporized propylene glycol or vegetable glycerin (or a mixture of both) and nicotine when users inhale while using them. Manufacturers of electronic cigarettes often market them as a "cessation aid," claiming that they lack deadly chemicals while also satisfying both smokers' psychological and physiological needs. The regulatory status of e-cigarettes in many countries is uncertain, while in others the use or sale of electronic cigarettes with the nicotine is officially illegal (e.g. Hong Kong). There is a growing census of opinion that when seen as an alternative to smoking rather than a cessation route, the electronic cigarette does indeed have a valid place within tobacco harm reduction strategy. This new ideology has given rise to a relatively new way of regarding the electronic cigarette as a form of Recreational Nicotine Product.
Propellant-based nicotine delivery.
An alternative nicotine delivery platform based on existing asthma inhaler technology is under development by a UK-based healthcare company, Kind Consumer Limited. The technology is currently under development and the company has submitted a Marketing Authorisation Application to the UK MHRA for licensing of the technology as an approved nicotine containing product. The technology is under licence to Nicoventures Limited a subsidiary of British American Tobacco who are responsible for the launch and commercialisation of the technology as an approved nicotine replacement therapy product.
Nicotine Pyruvate Technology.
Philip Morris International bought the rights to a nicotine pyruvate technology developed by Jed Rose at Duke University. The technology is based around the chemical reaction between nicotine acid and a base which produces a nicotine pyruvate vapour for inhalation. It has undergone preliminary clinical evaluation which has shown delivery of nicotine to the lungs.
Controversy.
Proponents of tobacco harm reduction assert that lessening the health risk for the individual user is worthwhile and manifests over the population in fewer tobacco-related illnesses and deaths. Opponents argue that some aspects of harm reduction interfere with cessation and abstinence and might increase initiation. Additionally, smokers remain confused about tobacco harm reduction. In a 2004 survey, about 80-100% of participants incorrectly perceived low-yield cigarettes as harm-reducing, while 75-80% mistakenly believed that switching to smokeless tobacco conferred no risk reduction.

</doc>
<doc id="9880037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880037" title="Alexander D. Henderson (businessman)">
Alexander D. Henderson (businessman)

Alexander Dawson Henderson (February 28, 1865 – January 5, 1925) was an American business executive and philanthropist. He became Treasuer and founding investor of the California Perfume Company (CPC), which later became Avon Products.
Early life.
Henderson was born February 28, 1865, in Brooklyn, New York. He was the sixth child of Captain Joseph Henderson and Angelina Annetta Weaver. On February 17, 1892, Henderson married Ella Margaret Brown. His wife was listed as a prominent resident in the New York Social Blue Book as Mrs. A.D. Henderson, Nyack Tpke, Suffern, N. Y.
Professional background.
In 1890, Henderson worked for the Union Warehouse Company in New York City, for which he held the position of private secretary to Edward B. Bartlett.
On May 30, 1895, he became the bookkeeper for David H. McConnell of the California Perfume Company. He went on to become Vice-President and Treasurer of CPC. According to "The Story of the CPC", "Mr. Alexander D. Henderson, our Vice-President and Treasurer, joined the company and helped to shape its policies and assist in its growth."
As early as 1901, Henderson and McConnell were listed in the Trow Copartnership and Corporation Directory as "The California Perfume Co., (RTN) David H McConnell, Alexander D Henderson, at 126 Chambers Street."
On June 16, 1909, Henderson and David H. McConnell signed an agreement of Corporation for the California Perfume Company in the state of New Jersey.
In January 1912, it was published that Henderson was involved in the incorporation of the Hatfield Auto Truck Company of Elmira, N.Y. with capital of $1,500,000; the incorporators were D. H. McConnell, A. D. Henderson, and Arthur S. Hoyt." 
On July 22, 1914, in a letter to William Scheele and the CPC, Henderson described the "process of Perfumery and extracting odors from flowers". In this letter Henderson said, "It is these pomades which we import direct from Grasse for the making of our perfumes, and thus we have the true flower base which makes our floral odors so true to natural flowers and so lasting."
In June 1915, Henderson took the train to San Francisco, California to help set up a booth to advertise the perfume products at the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition. The perfume won the Gold Medal at the Exposition for the quality of the products and the beauty of the packages.
On January 28, 1916, the California Perfume Company was incorporated in the state of New York. Henderson, McConnell, and Scheele were listed as company officials.
Henderson and McConnell attended the American Perfumer annual meeting from May 9–11, 1916 and were on the Entertainment and Nominations Committees. The review included the Trade Notes: "California Perfume Co of New Jersey has filed a certified copy of its charter to manufacture and deal in perfumery, toilet articles, and flavoring extracts in San Francisco. Capital stock $5,000, 50 shares at $100, each amount subscribed $1,000. Place of business Jersey City, NJ. Subscribers AD Henderson 8 shares, Wm Scheele and Wm H Carey 1 share each."
His son, Alexander D. Henderson Jr., also worked for CPC and became Vice-President in charge of purchases. According to the article, "Introducing You to the CPC", "Mr. Henderson buys the ingredients from which everything in the CPC line is made. As such, he is, of course, a most important factor in the maintaining the high quality and low prices of the products you sell." In 1940, his second son, Girard B. Henderson was elected to serve on the board of directors for Avon Products and served for 35 years.
Suffern New York.
The Henderson family came to Suffern, New York as summer visitors and were boarders in the Tilton Hotel downtown, which was on the property now owned by the Avon Products Company. In 1906, Henderson built a large Georgian type house on the hill at Campbell Avenue and the Nyack Turnpike (Route 59) in Suffern, New York. A postcard was made of the Henderson Suffern home. The printing at the top of the postcard reads: "Residence of Mr. A. D. Henderson, Suffern, N. Y." 
Philanthropy.
Henderson, according to the Suffern newspaper, was President of the Rockland Country Branch of the State Charities Aid Association and Chairman of the Red Cross drive for funds during World War I in Ramapo Valley, New York. He also actively assisted in the designing and building of the Lafayette Theatre in Suffern, New York. Henderson believed in a good local newspaper and he became treasurer and director of the Ramapo Valley Independent when the old Suffern Independent was sold in 1922.
Death.
When Henderson died on January 25, 1925, a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors and the officers of the California Perfume Company, attested to the invaluable work done by Alexander Dawson Henderson. The resolution was signed by D. H. McConnell (President) and Alonzo Williams (Secretary). Henderson was cremated at the New York and New Jersey Cremation Company 

</doc>
<doc id="9880039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880039" title="Jones v. United States (1999)">
Jones v. United States (1999)

Jones v. United States, is a United States Supreme Court case interpreted the federal carjacking statute, , to set forth three distinct crimes, each with distinct elements. The Court drew this conclusion from the structure of the statute, under which two subsections provided for additional punishment if the defendant inflicts more serious harm. The Court also distinguished "Almendarez-Torres v. United States", , because that case allowed for sentencing enhancement based on a prior conviction.
Facts.
Jones and two accomplices, Oliver and McMillan, held up two men, Mutanna and Mardaie. Jones and McMillan took the victims' money. Oliver beat Mutanna with a gun. Olver and McMillan left the scene in Jones's car, while Jones forced Mardaie into Mutanna's car and drove off in it. Jones stopped to put Mardaie out, then sped off again, chased this time by the police. Jones then crashed into a telephone pole, ending the chase.
Jones was indicted in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California for violating the federal carjacking statute, . The indictment did not name the particular subsection Jones was accused of violating. The magistrate judge informed Jones he faced a maximum sentence of 15 years, the smallest maximum sentence under the statute's three subsections. The trial judge instructed the jury under that subsection, which did not require proof of the fact or the extent of the victim's injuries. Jones was convicted of the carjacking count. A presentence investigation report recommended that Jones receive a 25-year sentence because one of the victims had suffered "serious bodily injury". Jones objected that this sentence was not authorized because the serious bodily injury component was not charged in the indictment. The district court overruled this objection, found that there had been serious bodily injury by a preponderance of the evidence, and imposed a 25-year sentence. On appeal, the Ninth Circuit took the view that the enhanced provisions were merely sentencing factors that did not need to be set forth in the indictment or submitted to the jury. It therefore affirmed this aspect of Jones's conviction. The U.S. Supreme Court then agreed to review the case.
Majority opinion.
The federal carjacking statute, , reads:
Whoever, possessing a firearm as defined in section 921 of 18, takes a motor vehicle that has been transported, shipped, or received in interstate or foreign commerce from the person or presence of another by force and violence or by intimidation, or attempts to do so, shall—
The Court ultimately held that the additional elements specified in subections (2) and (3)—serious bodily injury and death—were elements of greater crimes that had to be charged in the indictment, submitted to the jury, and proved beyond a reasonable doubt.
The Court has never defined what makes a certain fact an "element" subject to the Sixth Amendment jury-trial requirement, as opposed to a mere "sentencing factor" not subject to the requirement. And the Court began by conceding that "at first glance" the three subsections were mere sentencing factors. Yet "countervailing structural considerations" led the Court to conclude that the additional facts in subsections (2) and (3) were in fact elements of two greater crimes.
Reading the text closely, the Court observed that, since none of the numbered subsections can stand by itself as defining a crime, neither can the first paragraph. "In isolation, it would merely describe some very obnoxious behavior, leaving any reader assuming that it must be a crime, but never being actually told that it is. Only the numbered subsidiary provisions complete the thought." Even so, such a close reading of the statutory text only helps to infer congressional intent. "If a given statute is unclear about treating... a fact as element or penalty aggravator, it makes sense to look at what other statutes have done, on the fair assumption that Congress is unlikely to intend any radical departures from past practice without making a point of saying so."
In "Almendarez-Torres v. United States", , Congress's nearly uniform history of treating recidivism as a sentencing factor led the Court to conclude that the aggravating fact there—a prior conviction for certain crimes—was merely a sentencing factor exempt from the jury-trial requirement of the Sixth Amendment. By contrast, Congress has made "serious bodily injury" an element of many crimes, such as assault by a member of the armed forces, ; violence at international airports, ; and genocide, . Furthermore, carjacking is a species of robbery, and hence both Congress and state legislatures have traditionally treated serious bodily injury as an element of a more serious robbery crime.
Both the Government and the Ninth Circuit had identified statements of members of Congress that suggested, in their opinion, Congress's intent to make "serious bodily injury" a sentencing factor. The Court was not persuaded, for some members had used the phrase "penalty enhancement", which the Court did not take to mean precisely the same thing as "sentencing factor". The fact that other members had referred to the "crime" of carjacking, as opposed to the "crimes" of carjacking, also had little significance for the Court. Ultimately, there was no reason to believe that in this case Congress had abandoned any of the models it had previously employed. 
Although there were arguments to be made in favor of treating "serious bodily injury" as a sentencing factor, the rule that statutes should be construed to avoid constitutional difficulties counseled in favor of treating it as an element of the crime. In "Mullaney v. Wilbur", , the Court had held that a state could not define murder so as to require the defendant to affirmatively prove that he had acted in the heat of passion, so as to reduce the crime to manslaughter. In light of the "centuries-old common law recognition of malice as the fact distinguishing murder from manslaughter" and of the "widely held modern view that heat of passion, once raised by the evidence, was a subject of the State's burden," due process required the state to bear the burden of proving absence of heat of passion. Otherwise, the state could "manipulate its way out" of the requirement that it prove every element of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt. 
In "Patterson v. New York", , however, the Court had held that New York's definition of homicide, which had no malice element, did not improperly force the defendant to disprove that he had acted with malice. New York was free to define homicide without reference to a malice element without violating the traditional rule that the burden of proof in criminal cases rests on the state. And in "McMillan v. Pennsylvania", , the Court held that a mandatory minimum five-year sentence for possessing a firearm was not subject to the jury-trial and proof-beyond-a-reasonable-doubt requirement, because it did not increase the maximum punishment to which the defendant was exposed.
The distinguishing factor between "Mullaney" on the one hand and "Patterson" and "McMillan" on the other was that the fact in question exposed the defendant to a greater punishment. So too in this case, the facts of "serious bodily injury" or death exposed the defendant charged with federal carjacking to greater punishment than if those facts were not proved. Furthermore, removing these determinations from the jury's purview was not consistent with the role of the jury in the 18th century, which had tremendous control over the punishment a defendant would suffer. Thus, to avoid any unnecessary tension with "Mullaney", "Patterson", and "McMillan", the Court held that these facts were elements of separate federal carjacking crimes.
Dissenting opinion.
Justice Kennedy faulted the Court for skewing a simple question of statutory interpretation by invoking the "specter of grave and doubtful constitutional interpretations". He believed that the Court's textual analysis was incorrect, and that the constitutional rule the Court formulated would "upset the proper federal balance" of power between the judiciary and the legislature. As far as the textual analysis was concerned, the fact that the opening paragraph was complete in itself, and that the first subsection added no new facts, led Kennedy to conclude that the other two were mere sentencing enhancements. "Serious bodily harm", like recidivism, was "as typical a sentencing factor as one might imagine"; indeed, Kennedy pointed to the laws of several states that made the magnitude of harm to the victim or victims the basis for increased criminal punishment. Significant differences between the structure of the federal carjacking statute and both the other federal robbery statutes and the state statutes on which the majority relied also suggested to Kennedy that the text of the federal carjacking statute made "serious bodily injury" a sentencing factor. 
Because, for Kennedy, the text of the statute was not clearly susceptible to two different interpretations, there was no need to invoke the principle of constitutional avoidance as the majority did. In any event, the constitutional rule the Court articulated could too easily be circumvented, simply by rewriting the statute using slightly different words. The requirements imposed by the Sixth Amendment should not depend on the vagaries of Congress's choice of words when it drafts a statute. And if that should be so, the Court should more clearly spell out what words and phrases Congress should use in order to trigger certain constitutional protections. Furthermore, Kennedy saw no difference of constitutional significance between recidivism, which the Court had already held was excluded from the set of facts to which the jury-trial requirement applies, and "serious bodily injury"; the mere "tradition" of doing so might justify this difference, if it were more clear that the carjacking statute were consistent with that tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="9880044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880044" title="Joseph Raphael">
Joseph Raphael

Joseph Raphael (1869–1950) was an American Impressionist painter who spent most of his career as an expatriate but maintained close ties with the artistic community of San Francisco, California.
Biography.
Born in the town of Jackson, California on June 2, 1869, Raphael studied with Arthur F. Mathews at the California School of Design. In 1902 he entered the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris, but then moved to the Académie Julian and studied under Jean-Paul Laurens. He spent parts of the next several years in the Netherlands, producing paintings in a dark style derived from the Dutch Masters. In 1906 his large oil "La Fete du Bourgmestre" received an honorable mention at the Paris Salon; it was subsequently purchased by a group of friends in San Francisco and given to the San Francisco Art Association. In 1910 he had a solo exhibition at the San Francisco Institute of Art; beginning in 1913 he had annual exhibitions at Helgesen Galleries, San Francisco. He would ship artworks to his San Francisco friend and patron Albert M. Bender, who bought some and encouraged friends to buy others. Raphael also participated in the annual group shows of the San Francisco Art Association.
Before long he adopted a style borrowed from French Impressionism, eventually using broader, freer, more Post-Impressionist brushstrokes. By 1912 he was married and living in Uccle, Belgium, a suburb of Brussels. He produced many paintings of the countryside near his home. As Raphael's international reputation grew, his family grew as well, to include four daughters and a son. His family frequently appeared in his figurative works. By the early 1930s Raphael and his family were living in a suburb of Leiden, Holland, and he painted often in nearby Bruges. In 1939, with World War II approaching, he returned to San Francisco, where he lived and maintained a studio on Sutter Street until his death on December 11, 1950.
Known primarily as a painter, Raphael was also a skilled printmaker, creating numerous etchings and color woodcuts of European and San Francisco Bay Area scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="9880046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880046" title="List of Peruvian writers">
List of Peruvian writers

This is a list of Peruvian literary figures, including poets, novelists, children's writers, essayists, and scholars.
See also.
Yael Andrade
born 3/30/99

</doc>
<doc id="9880057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880057" title="Sporting Triangles">
Sporting Triangles

Sporting Triangles was a quiz programme, devised by Matthew Davies and Robert Lawrence, which tested sports personalities' knowledge of sport. The programme was produced by Central Television and aired on the ITV network for four series from 7 January 1987 until 13 August 1990. The original host was Nick Owen, who hosted series 1 and 2; he was replaced by Andy Craig for the final two series (3 and 4).
Captains included Jimmy Greaves and Emlyn Hughes, who had just finished his role as a captain on the BBC equivalent, A Question of Sport. Despite Hughes' presence, "Sporting Triangles" struggled to match its better-known rival.
Computer game.
A computer game of the series was also published by CDS Micro Systems in 1989 for the Acorn Electron, Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum. The game received low to average scores across several magazines: Your Sinclair rated the game 40% whilst rival Spectrum magazine Crash gave it 48%, stating: "A mediocre conversion of a less than brilliant TV quiz and for sports fanatics only".

</doc>
<doc id="9880063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880063" title="Stampe SV.4">
Stampe SV.4

The Stampe et Vertongen SV.4 (also known as the Stampe SV.4 or just Stampe) is a Belgian two-seat trainer/tourer biplane designed and built by Stampe et Vertongen. The aircraft was also built under licence in France and Algeria.
History.
The SV.4 was designed as a biplane tourer/training aircraft in the early 1930s by Stampe et Vertongen at Antwerp. The first model was the SV.4A an advanced aerobatic trainer followed by the SV.4B with redesigned wings and the 130 hp/97 kW de Havilland Gipsy Major. 
Only 35 aircraft were built before the company was closed during the Second World War. After the war the successor company Stampe et Renard built a further 65 aircraft between 1948 and 1955 as trainers for the Belgian Air Force. 
A licenced SV.4C version was built in France by SNCAN (Société Nationale de Constructions Aéronautiques du Nord) and in Algeria by Atelier Industriel de l'Aéronautique d'Alger, the two firms completing a combined total of 940 aircraft. The postwar SV.4Cs were widely used by French military units as a primary trainer. Many also served with aero clubs in France, numbers of which were later sold secondhand to the United Kingdom and other countries.
Variants.
A few SV.4s have been fitted with other engines, such as the Lycoming O-320, Ranger 6 or LOM 332b. At least one aircraft fitted with a Lycoming engine (OO-KAT) has been referred to by its owners as an SV.4E.
Popular Culture.
Several Stampe SV.4s were used in the films "The Blue Max" and "Von Richthofen and Brown", playing both British and German aircraft. The SE5a aircraft used in the film "Aces High" were modified SV.4s. The aircraft were fitted with revised engine cowlings, modified tailfins and dummy machine-guns to look the part of First World War scouts.
In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" there is a scene in which Indiana Jones escapes from a Nazi airship in an SV.4. The film makers took artistic license in fitting an open canopy machinegun turret in the aft cockpit.
The planes 'Dorothy' and 'Lillian' in "High Road to China" (set in the 1920s) are depicted by SV.4s, fitted with Lewis Guns.
The plane in "The Mummy" was a modified version of an SV.4, having a tail gun turret added.

</doc>
<doc id="9880101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880101" title="State Bank Tower">
State Bank Tower

The State Bank Tower is a high-rise building in the capital city of Mauritius, Port Louis. The 16-storey tower contrary to popular belief, is not the tallest building in Port Louis. It is the fourth tallest building and only steel frame skeleton high-rise on the island.
It was designed by Campbell Reith Hill. In February 1994, it was damaged by cyclone Hollanda which hit Mauritius with windspeeds of over 200 km/h when the building's construction tower crane smashed and tore on the high-rise. The 82 m tall tower, hosting mostly offices, was finally inaugurated in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9880124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880124" title="Ochsenkopf Transmitter">
Ochsenkopf Transmitter

The Ochsenkopf Transmitter (}) is a 163 metre tall radio and TV tower of reinforced concrete, which was built in 1958 as replacement for a 50 metre tall guyed steel tube TV mast, which collapsed in January 1958 as result of icing, on the summit of the 1024 metre high Ochsenkopf mountain, the second highest mountain in the Fichtelgebirge mountain chain in Northern Bavaria, Germany. Ochsenkopf TV Tower, which is not accessible for tourists, has a characteristic hyperbolic shaped basement, in which are 5 floors with technical equipment. Above it, there are platforms for directional antennas. The antennas for FM-transmission are on the upper part of the concrete tower, that for TV transmission on a steel tube mast on the top.
Role for Supply of TV from West Germany in former GDR.
Ochsenkopf TV Tower played an important role for the former GDR's supply with West German FM and TV programmes - notably ARD, West Germany's first - and between 1952 and 1963 only - television channel. Its signal could penetrate deep into the southern territory of East Germany due to its closeness to the border, its use of a low frequency (VHF Band I channel 4) and of vertical polarization. Its signal could be received as far away as Görlitz on the East German-Polish border under good conditions, even though most aerials there were pointed at the West Berlin transmitters.
The technical characteristics of the transmitter in turn required large and specifically mounted aerials nicknamed "Ochsenkopf-Antenne" or short "Ochsenkopf", thus making the homes of viewers of western television easily recognizable. A campaign in the early 1960s by East Germany's state youth organisation FDJ aimed at turning away or removing such aerials exploited this fact.
Similar Towers.
Many other TV towers of similar design were built after 1958 in Germany and other European countries.
These are e.g.:
Transmitted Programmes.
Television (analogue, PAL standard).
shut down on 30 Nov 2008
The public channels ZDF and Bayerisches Fernsehen for the region used to be transmitted from the nearby mountain Großer Waldstein.
Television (digital, DVB-T standard).
launched on 25 Nov 2008

</doc>
<doc id="9880125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880125" title="Perception (UK TV series)">
Perception (UK TV series)

Perception was an early evening quiz programme which was produced by Granada Television and aired on the ITV network for 1 series in 1989, the programme was hosted by Alison Holloway. It was broadcast between June 29 to August 31 on a Thursday night.
Gameplay.
Each week 2 couples competed against each other for the chance to win £2000.
The contestants had to identify various images including household items and place names from warped pictures and other video distorted images.
The couple who had the most points at the end of the game won through to the end game for a chance of winning £2000 the losing couple went away with a Perception 'goody bag'.
The End Game.
The winning couple had 60 seconds to identify 5 mystery items filmed in close up by a camera in each chamber were the objects are placed and each item identified correctly won them £200 but if they got all 5 correct they won the £2000 otherwise they won the amount of money earned before the time ran out.
The programme aired on a Thursday evening at 7.30pm in most of the ITV regions but in the Scottish, Grampian & Ulster regions it aired at 6.30pm on a Tuesday evening.

</doc>
<doc id="9880127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880127" title="List of nautiloid genera">
List of nautiloid genera

This list of nautiloids is a comprehensive listing of all genera that have ever been included in the subclass Nautiloidea, excluding purely vernacular terms. The list includes all commonly accepted genera, but also genera that are now considered invalid, doubtful ("nomina dubia"), or were not formally published ("nomina nuda"), as well as junior synonyms of more established names, and genera that are no longer considered nautiloids.
Most of the listed genera are found in Part K of the "Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology". Some, added since the year of publication (1964) are found simply in various scientific journals and special publications. The named genera are based on type specimens which are housed in various museums and other academic institutions worldwide, available to interested researchers.
F.
Franklinoceras"

</doc>
<doc id="9880135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880135" title="Prima Charter">
Prima Charter

Prima Charter was a Polish charter airline, previously known as Fischer Air Polska. It ceased operations on 14 January 2008.
History.
Established as Fischer Air Polska in 2003, the airline started operations on 12 May 2005. It was established by the Czech K&K Group, but was acquired by PTV in January 2006. It operated charter flights to the Mediterranean, Canary Islands, Thailand, Kenya, Sri Lanka, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela. It ceased operations in October 2006. However, renamed Prima Charter, it reentered the market in late 2006, flying since at one time or another to all the destinations that Fischer Air Polska had served. However, it operated to the end with a fleet of exactly one jet, still with Fischer Air markings, as opposed to two that Fischer Air Polska was leasing.

</doc>
<doc id="9880136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880136" title="Presidential air transport of Uruguay">
Presidential air transport of Uruguay

The President of Uruguay no longer uses an exclusive presidential aircraft. Instead, he flies in either Air Force or Pluna (Uruguay's flag carrier) aircraft.
Current aircraft.
The President of Uruguay, currently uses an Embraer EMB 120 Brasilia, operated by the Uruguayan Air Force for flights within South America.
1965–1981.
Between 1965 and 1981, the presidential aircraft was a C-47 Dakota (Uruguayan Air Force 507).
1981–1988.
In 1981, president Gregorio Alvarez bought a Learjet 35, which was sold by president Julio Maria Sanguinetti in 1988.
2006 Presidential aircraft controversy.
On July 6, 2006, president Vazquez announced he was interested in acquiring a presidential aircraft to make his trips cheaper. He even mentioned the possibility of selling one or more old Air Force planes and use the money to afford the new one. However, this announcement led to a scandal with people arguing that the first center-left president in a third world country couldn't make such a frivolous waste of money.

</doc>
<doc id="9880146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880146" title="Devil in the Flesh (1947 film)">
Devil in the Flesh (1947 film)

Devil in the Flesh ( is a 1947 French movie directed by Claude Autant-Lara starring Micheline Presle and Gérard Philipe. It is based on a novel by Raymond Radiguet.
Plot.
During World War II a young man seduces an older woman while her husband is a soldier fighting at the front.
Accolades.
The National Board of Review of Motion Pictures named it the fifth best film of 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9880147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880147" title="Cyclin D">
Cyclin D

Cyclin D is a member of the cyclin protein family that is involved in regulating cell cycle progression. The synthesis of cyclin D is initiated during G1 and drives the G1/S phase transition. Cyclin D protein is anywhere from 155 (in zebra mussel) to 477 (in Drosophila) amino acids in length.
Introduction.
Once the cells reach a critical cell size (and if no mating partner is present in yeast) and if growth factors and mitogens (for multicellular organism) or nutrients (for unicellular organism) are present, cells enter the cell cycle. In general, all stages of the cell cycle are chronologically separated in humans and are triggered by cyclin-Cdk complexes which are periodically expressed and partially redundant in function. Cyclins are eukaryotic proteins that form holoenzymes with cyclin-dependent protein kinases (Cdk), which they activate. The abundance of cyclins is generally regulated by protein synthesis and degradation through an APC/C dependent pathway.
Cyclin D is one of the major cyclins produced in terms of its functional importance. It interacts with four Cdks: Cdk2, 4, 5, and 6. In proliferating cells, cyclin D-Cdk4/6 complex accumulation is of great importance for cell cycle progression. Namely, cyclin D-Cdk4/6 complex partially phosphorylates retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein (Rb), whose inhibition can induce expression of some genes (for example: cyclin E) important for S phase progression.
Mice, Drosophila and many other organisms only have one cyclin D protein. In humans, in addition to the mouse homologue, two more cyclin D proteins have been identified. These human proteins, called cyclin D1, cyclin D2, and cyclin D3 are expressed in most proliferating cells and the relative amounts expressed differ in various cell types.
Homologues.
The most studied homologues of cyclin D are found in yeast and viruses. 
The yeast homologue of cyclin D, referred to as Cln3, interacts with Cdc28 (cell division control protein) during G1.
In viruses, like Saimiriine herpesvirus 2 ("Herpesvirus saimiri") and Human herpesvirus 8 (HHV-8/Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus) cyclin D homologues have acquired new functions in order to manipulate the host cell’s metabolism to the viruses’ benefit.
Viral cyclin D binds human Cdk6 and inhibits Rb by phosphorylating it, resulting in free transcription factors which result in protein transcription that promotes passage through G1 phase of the cell cycle. Other than Rb, viral cyclin D-Cdk6 complex also targets p27Kip, a Cdk inhibitor of cyclin E and A. 
In addition, viral cyclin D-Cdk6 is resistant to Cdk inhibitors, such as p21CIP1/WAF1 and p16INK4a which in human cells inhibits Cdk4 by preventing it from forming an active complex with cyclin D. 
Function.
Cyclins in humans.
Growth factors stimulate the Ras/Raf/ERK that induce cyclin D production. One of the members of the pathways, MAPK activates a transcription factor Myc, which alters transcription of genes important in cell cycle, among which is cyclin D. In this way, cyclin D is synthesized as long as the growth factor is present.
Even though cyclin D levels in proliferating cells are sustained as long as the growth factors are present, a key player for G1/S transition is active cyclin D-Cdk4/6 complexes. Despite this, cyclin D has no effect on G1/S transition unless it forms a complex with Cdk 4 or 6.
One of the best known substrates of cyclin D/Cdk4 and -6 is the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein (Rb). Rb is an important regulator of genes responsible for progression through the cell cycle, in particular through G1/S phase. 
In its un-phosphorylated form, Rb binds a member of E2F family of transcription factors which controls expression of several genes involved in cell cycle progression (example, cyclin E). Rb acts as a repressor, so in complex with E2F it prevents expression of E2F-regulated genes, and this inhibits cells from progressing through G1. 
Active cyclin D/Cdk4 and -6 inhibit Rb by partial phosphorylation, reducing its binding to E2F and thereby allowing E2F-mediated activation of the transcription of the cyclin E gene and the cell progresses towards S-phase. Subsequently, cyclin E fully phosphorylates Rb and completes its inactivation.
Regulation.
Regulation in humans.
Cyclin D is regulated by the downstream pathway of mitogen receptors via the Ras/MAP kinase and the β-catenin-Tcf/LEF pathways and PI3K. The MAP kinase ERK activates the downstream transcription factors Myc and AP-1 which in turn activate the transcription of the Cdk4, Cdk6 and cyclin D genes, and increase ribosome biogenesis. Rho family GTPases and focal adhesion kinase (FAK) activate cyclin D gene in response to integrin. 
Members of the cofactor families Cip and Kip, such as p27 and p21, are required for the functionality of the cyclin D Cdk4/6 complex. Surprisingly, cyclin D is positive regulated by the CKI p27kip. At the same time p27kip inhibits cyclin E and A to prevent a premature entry into S phase and leads to a cyclin D assembly. 
In eukaryotes, overexpression of translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E) leads to an increased expression levels of cyclin D protein. 
Inhibition of cyclin D via i.a. inactivation or degradation leads to cell cycle exit and differentiation. 
Inactivation of cyclin D is triggered by several cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor protein (CKIs) like the INK4 family (e.g. p14, p15, p16, p18). INK4 proteins are activated in response to hyperproliferative stress response that inhibits cell proliferation due to overexpression of e.g. Ras and Myc. Hence, INK4 binds to cyclin D- dependent CDKs and inactivates the whole complex.
Glycogen synthase kinase three beta, GSK3β, causes Cyclin D degradation by inhibitory phosphorylation on threonine 286 of the Cyclin D protein. GSK3β is negatively controlled by the PI3K pathway in form of phosphorylation, which is one of several ways in which growth factors regulate cyclin D. Amount of cyclin D in the cell can also be regulated by transcriptional induction, stabilization of the protein, its translocation to the nucleus and its assembly with Cdk4 and Cdk6. 
It has been shown that the inhibition of cyclin D (cyclin D1 and 2, in particular) could result from the induction of WAF1/CIP1/p21 protein by PDT. By inhibiting cyclin D, this induction also inhibits Ckd2 and 6. All these processes combined lead to an arrest of the cell in G0/G1 stage.
There are two ways in which DNA damage affects Cdks. Following DNA damage, cyclin D (cyclin D1) is rapidly and transiently degraded by the proteasome. This degradation causes release of p21 from Cdk4 complexes, which inactivates Cdk2 in a p53-independent manner. Another way in which DNA damage targets Cdks is p53-dependent induction of p21, which inhibits cyclin E-Cdk2 complex. In healthy cells, wild-type p53 is quickly degraded by the proteasome. However, DNA damage causes it to accumulate by making it more stable.
Regulation in yeast.
A simplification in yeast is that all cyclins bind to the same Cdc subunit, the Cdc28. 
Cyclins in yeast are controlled by expression, inhibition via CKIs like Far1, and degradation by ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis.
Role in cancer.
Given that many human cancers happen in response to errors in cell cycle regulation and in growth factor dependent intracellular pathways, involvement of cyclin D in cell cycle control and growth factor signaling makes it a possible oncogene. In normal cells overproduction of cyclin D shortens the duration of G1 phase only, and considering the importance of cyclin D in growth factor signaling, defects in its regulation could be responsible for absence of growth regulation in cancer cells. Uncontrolled production of cyclin D affects amounts of cyclin D-Cdk4 complex being formed, which can drive the cell through the G0/S checkpoint, even when the growth factors are not present. 
Overexpression can happen in one of three ways: as a result of gene amplification, impaired protein degradation, or chromosomal translocation. Gene amplification is responsible for overproduction of cyclin D protein in bladder cancer and esophageal carcinoma, among others.
In cases of sarcomas, colorectal cancers and melanomas, cyclin D overproduction is noted, however, without the amplification of the chromosomal region that encodes it (chromosome 11q13, putative oncogene PRAD1, which has been identified as a translocation event in case of mantle cell lymphoma).
In parathyroid adenoma, cyclin D hyper-production is caused by chromosomal translocation, which would place expression of cyclin D (more specifically, cyclin D1) under an inappropriate promoter, leading to overexpression. In this case, cyclin D gene has been translocated to the parathyroid hormone gene, and this event caused abnormal levels of cyclin D.
The same mechanisms of overexpression of cyclin D is observed in some tumors of the antibody-producing B cells. Likewise, overexpression of cyclin D protein due to gene translocation is observed in human breast cancer.
Additionally, the development of cancer is also enhanced by the fact that retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein (Rb), one of the key substrates of cyclin D-Cdk 4/6 complex, is quite frequently mutated in human tumors. In its active form, Rb prevents crossing of the G1 checkpoint by blocking transcription of genes responsible for advances in cell cycle. Cyclin D/Cdk4 complex phosphorylates Rb, which inactivates it and allows for the cell to go through the checkpoint. In the event of abnormal inactivation of Rb, in cancer cells, an important regulator of cell cycle progression is lost. When Rb is mutated, levels of cyclin D and p16INK4 are normal.
Another regulator of passage through G1 restriction point is Cdk inhibitor p16, which is encoded by INK4 gene. P16 functions in inactivating cyclin D/Cdk 4 complex. Thus, blocking transcription of INK4 gene would increase cyclin D/Cdk4 activity, which would in turn result in abnormal inactivation of Rb. On the other hand, in case of cyclin D in cancer cells (or loss of p16INK4) wild-type Rb is retained. Due to the importance of p16INK/cyclin D/Cdk4 or 6/Rb pathway in growth factor signaling, mutations in any of the players involved can give rise to cancer.
Mutant phenotype.
Studies with mutants suggest that cyclins are positive regulators of cell cycle entry. In yeast, expression of any of the three G1 cyclins triggers cell cycle entry. Since cell cycle progression is related to cell size, mutations in Cyclin D and its homologues show a delay in cell cycle entry and thus, cells with variants in cyclin D have bigger than normal cell size at cell division.
p27-/- knockout phenotype show an overproduction of cells because cyclin D is not inhibited anymore, while p27-/- and cyclin D-/- knockouts develop normally.

</doc>
<doc id="9880159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880159" title="Kundalini syndrome">
Kundalini syndrome

The Kundalini syndrome is a set of sensory, motor, mental and affective experiences described in the literature of transpersonal psychology, near-death studies and other sources covering transpersonal, spiritual or medical topics. The phenomenon is sometimes called the "Kundalini-syndrome", the "Physio-Kundalini syndrome", or simply referred to as a "syndrome". Other researchers, while not using the term "syndrome", have also begun to address this phenomenon as a clinical category, or as a recognizable symptomatology.
The concept of Kundalini comes from Hinduism and is traditionally used to describe a progression of psycho-spiritual potentials, associated with the understanding of the body as a vehicle for spiritual energies. Kundalini "syndrome" is a term employed by Western researchers, and commentators, to refer to the condition which occurs when experiences traditionally associated with kundalini awakening arise, often unsought, which overwhelm or cause distress to the experiencer. However, Greyson notes that the physio-kundalini syndrome is connected with the kundalini awakening of Hinduism "only by theory and circumstantial evidence". He also argues 
that a true measure of this phenomenology, interpreted as a state of higher consciousness, is beyond the ability of psychology, and/or psychiatry, to measure.
Kundalini syndrome has been reported predominantly by people who have had a near-death experience, or by practitioners of Asian spiritual practices. Other factors that may trigger this symptomatology include a variety of intense personal crises or experiences.
According to writers in the field of transpersonal psychology the process is not always sudden and dramatic, it can also start slowly and increase gradually in activity over time. If the accompanying symptoms unfold in an intense manner that destabilizes the person, the process is usually interpreted as a spiritual emergency.
Terminology.
Commentators seem to use different terms when describing the symptomatology and phenomenology of kundalini. These terms are similar to, but not quite synonymous with, the term "Kundalini syndrome". However, they all seem to describe, more or less, the same phenomenon, or the same main features of the symptomatology.
The terms "Kundalini Syndrome" or "Physio-Kundalini Syndrome", or the references to a "syndrome", are mostly used by writers in the field of Near-Death Studies, but also by writers in the fields of Transpersonal Psychology, Psychology, and Mental Health/Psychiatry.
The terminology of "syndrome" seems to have a closer relationship to the language of medicine and statistics, than the other terminologies. The terminology of "syndrome" is also the main basis for two measuring instruments developed by Near-death researchers: The Kundalini Scale and the Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index.
Other terms, such as "Kundalini awakening", is a term used by Transpersonal Psychology, but also by writers representing both the fields of Transpersonal Psychology and Near-Death Studies. This term seems to have a closer relationship to the language of hinduism, and the yogic tradition, than the terminology of "syndrome". Greyson is one of the authors that uses both the terminology of "syndrome", and the terminology of "awakening". Jerry, writing from the viewpoint of transpersonal diagnosis, uses both the terminology of "experience" and the terminology of "awakening".
Scotton uses a term called "difficult kundalini experiences", when discussing clinical aspects of the phenomenon. Overall, he seems to prefer the term "Kundalini experience", but he also uses the terminology of "awakening". Other commentators who use the term "Kundalini experience" includes Thalbourne. In his 1993-article Greyson reviews many of the discussions of Kundalini-symptomatology. In this review he cites, and uses, many of the similar terms associated with kundalini symptomatology, such as: "kundalini activation", "kundalini awakening", "kundalini phenomena", "kundalini activity" and "kundalini arousal". Sanches & Daniels, although preferring the term "kundalini awakening", also use the term "kundalini arousal" in their discussion of the phenomenon. Grabovac & Ganesan use the term "Kundalini episodes" in their article on "Spirituality and Religion in Canadian Psychiatric Residency Training".
Symptomatology.
Researchers affiliated with the fields of transpersonal psychology and near-death studies have suggested some common criteria that describe this condition, of which the most prominent feature is a feeling of energy or heat moving along the spine.
The Kundalini Scale.
Ring & Rosing developed the Kundalini Scale, a nine-item scale to assess psychophysical changes, and symptoms of kundalini activation, in near-death experiencers.
Thalbourne and Fox also developed a measure called The Kundalini Scale, a 32-item true-false questionnaire described elsewhere, but augmented by three items for Thalbourne's 2001 study.
The Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index.
Greyson developed the Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index, a 19-item dichotomous questionnaire , in order to study kundalini and its effects. The Index includes 4 major categories: motor symptoms, somatosensory symptoms, audiovisual symptoms and mental symptoms.
Prosnick & Evans developed the Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index-7 (PKSI-7), a 7-item short-form drawn from the 19-item Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index. The short-form was found to have positive correlations with NDE-6,
a 6-item scale drawn from Greysons 16-item Near Death Experience Scale.
Other Contributions.
Although more anecdotal, and less systematic than the taxonomies listed above, both Kason and Scotton confirm many of the features presented by Ring & Rosing and Greyson. Kason presents her overview under the heading "Symptoms associated with kundalini" and describes such symptoms as: expansion of consciousness;
inner sounds; energies up the spine; vibrating or tickling sensations in the lower back; light experiences. Scotton describes the following symptoms: experience of hot-cold energy; experiencing energy (synesthetically) as light; fear and anxiety; persistent bradycardia (slow heart rate); tachycardia (abnormally rapid heart rate); cool skin; flushed skin; spontaneous trance states; spontaneous assumption of yogic postures.
Sanches and Daniels, addressing possible limitations in the scales developed by Thalbourne & Fox, and by Greyson, developed a pilot psychometric instrument called the Kundalini Awakening Scale (KAS). The scale was composed of 76 questions, based on reports by relevant spiritual and transpersonal literature, and drew strongly upon Yoga theory.
However, Transpersonal literature indicates that the overview of symptoms is not meant to be used as a tool for amateur-diagnostics. The interpretation of symptoms is not straightforward. According to writers in the field, symptoms associated with Kundalini-activity might not always represent such activity, but instead be an indication of other medical conditions, in need of attention. Kason emphasizes that any unusual or marked physical symptom needs to be investigated by a qualified medical professional:
Academic and clinical discussion.
General discussion.
The Kundalini-phenomenon, as a topic for clinical and academic discussion, is mentioned in a few mainstream academic journals, including "Psychological Reports", "Mental Health, Religion & Culture", "The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease" and "The Psychiatric Clinics of North America". There is also a brief mention in The "Canadian Journal of Psychiatry". Other, less mainstream, publications that have published articles on the topic include "The Journal of Transpersonal Psychology", "The Humanistic Psychologist" and "The Journal of Near-Death Studies". In addition to this the phenomenon is discussed in several independent books associated with the transpersonal field.
A more marginal publication, but historically significant in relation to the topic at hand, was the early groundwork of commentator Lee Sannella. In the book "The Kundalini Experience" (first published in 1976) he was as able to group symptoms into categories, which Kason picked up with some modification. For Sannella, the indications consist of motor phenomena – auto-movement, unusual breathing, and paralysis; sensory phenomena – tickling, sensations of hot and cold, inner lights or visions, and inner sounds; interpretive phenomena – emotions, distortions of thought, detachment, disassociation, and a sense of oneness; and non-physiological phenomena – out-of-body experiences and psychic perceptions. According to Transpersonal theory the awakening of such energies are "accompanied by alterations in physiology and consciousness understood in terms of the Hindu chakra system". Knowledge of the chakra map may therefore be helpful regarding the interpretation of symptoms.
Commentators mention the dangers, or psychological difficulties, associated with intense or excessive practice of spiritual disciplines. According to writers in the field, such practices may, in unfortunate instances, trigger kundalini symptomatology, and lead to states of spiritual emergency. Greyson notes that contemporary western culture is poorly equipped to deal with signs of kundalini activity. Therefore, such activity might lead to major disruptions in the social and psychological functioning of people experiencing kundalini symptoms. According to Greyson, such disruptions are often confused with psychotic disorders. Jerry, writing from the perspective of transpersonal diagnosis, suggests that it is important for the clinical field to distinguish between psychotic episodes and kundalini experiences. According to his view the two categories require different courses of treatment.
In the book "The Stormy Search for the Self", Stanislav Grof, whose wife Christina underwent the dramatic "shaktipat" experience, gave prominence to increased levels of energy, shaking, memories of traumas, extreme emotions, inner sounds, visions, sexual arousal, and difficulty controlling behaviours. They recommended anyone having these experiences have a medical examination by a clinician knowledgeable about kundalini because of the similarity between these symptoms and indications of psychiatric and medical problems. The biological plausibility of meditative practices and Yoga causing acute psychotic illness has been suggested by a psychiatrist as being related to alterations in neurophysiological parameters, such as P300, which may be used to prescribe or proscribe yogic and meditative practices to certain people.
Both Greyson and Scotton underline the importance of differentiating between Kundalini phenomena on the one hand, and mental illness or psychopathology on the other hand. As a consequence of research findings Greyson finds support for the claim that the phenomenon of kundalini can be understood as a non-pathological force. He also implies that kundalini phenomena are not common in mental illness, and that it should be possible to differentiate this phenomenon from mental illness. According to Scotton, Kundalini-symptoms may, or may not, be associated with psychopathology, but are not reducible to any psychopathology. He thinks that it is important to differentiate between the signs of Kundalini and the symptoms of pathology, and not subsume the signs of Kundalini under a pathological diagnosis. He also notes that classical western psychiatric treatment may not be the most appropriate approach towards kundalini symptomatology. He does mention a few circumstances (mainly involving psychotic ideation) where he finds drug treatment to be appropriate, but he prefers to handle Kundalini episodes with as little physiological intervention, and drug intervention, as possible.
On the other hand, Sovatsky believes that it is important to differentiate between Kundalini as a yogic energy term (and as a marker for Kundalini awakening) and the symptoms of different preliminary yogic processes or pranic imbalances. According to this view, many reported Kundalini phenomena may rather be signs of the precursor energetic state of pranotthana. The difference between pranotthana and Kundalini is also noticed by other commentators, such as Bynum.
A similar observation is also mentioned by Greyson, who refers to commentators who believe that Kundalini symptomatology is a less profound effect of bioenergy or prana. Sovatsky also notes that: "kundalini has become a catch word at this early time in its entry in American culture... and attracts those with unspecified, chronic neurological/psychiatric complaints in search of an explanation for their symptoms; the use in the West of Gopi Krishna's problematic kundalini experiences as a standard giving the awakening a reputation as more dangerous than it is".
Spiritual Emergence and Spiritual Emergency.
Transpersonal Psychology initiative.
In their 1990 book, transpersonal psychologists Grof and Grof coin the term "spiritual emergency" to describe "critical and experientially difficult stages of a profound psychological transformation that involves one's entire being." They contrast it with the more gradual process of "spiritual emergence." They describe the awakening of Kundalini as one of ten varieties of spiritual emergencies. These terms are subsequently also used by kundalini writers Sovatsky and Yvonne Kason.
The field of Transpersonal Psychology describe several phenomena that can be understood as a spiritual emergence, or as a spiritual emergency. In addition to mystical experiences, near-death experience, "shamanistic initiatory crisis", and "psychic opening", the authors mention kundalini awakening: "a complex physio-psycho-spiritual transformative process described in the Yogic tradition". If there is an uncontrolled emergence of spiritual phenomena, causing a significant disruption in a persons daily life and daily functioning, then we may speak of a spiritual problem. Spiritual problems have been discussed in relation to the DSM-IV diagnostic category "Religious or Spiritual Problem".
According to Turner and his associates, religious and spiritual experiences, when deemed as problems "need to be subjected to more research to better understand their prevalence, clinical presentation, predisposing intrapsychic and interpersonal factors, outcome, relationship to the life cycle, and ethnic factors. Although there is a wealth of clinical literature on these problems, the clinical research on religious and spiritual problems is minimal, with the exception of the many well-designed studies on NDE (Near-Death Experiences) They indicate in the article their hope that increasing research and an openness to alternative cultural narratives, among the authors of DSM-IV, "will help reverse the predicaments surrounding psychiatry's treatment of religious and spiritual issues, i.e. "occasional, devastating misdiagnosis; not infrequent mistreatment; an increasingly poor reputation; inadequate research and theory; and a limitation of psychiatrists' own personal development".
However, there are indications that psychiatry is adapting to some of these ideas. For example, in an article from the "Canadian Journal of Psychiatry", authors Grabovac & Ganesan use the term "Kundalini episodes" to describe a category to be used in a proposed academic lecture series on religion and spirituality in Canadian Psychiatric Residency Training.
Psychosis.
In their seminal works, Gopi Krishna and Bentov both noted resemblance between kundalini awakening in its early or undirected state and the state of psychosis. Some years later, Kason set about creating criteria to distinguish between someone undergoing a spiritual emergency and someone experiencing psychosis. In a spiritual emergency, for example, a person is challenged by experiences, while in psychosis they are overwhelmed by them.
Prevention.
In the ages-long Kundalini Yoga tradition, a student is initiated into the practices that awaken the kundalini only after a master accepts them as worthy of instruction. The aspirant then takes up their practice, following a strict regimen under the watchful eyes of the master, who for all intents and purposes serves as their counselor and priest.
Sannella advises that the doubts and fears that might arise during the kundalini process be handled in a supportive environment like a spiritual hermitage or monastery. Anyone encountering difficulties should consult with someone with experience in this area. He also cautions that breathing exercises are hazardous unless practiced under the guidance of a competent spiritual teacher.
Treatment.
Bentov defined kundalini difficulties as the release of blockages and stresses in the body-mind system, best treated by a gentle program of meditation, yoga and breathing exercises.
Scotton offers a program of "grounding" interventions, including a prohibition of any consciousness-altering activity – especially the practices that triggered the episode, regular meals – even in the absence of appetite, hot baths to relax and draw the person back to their body, and immersion in routine tasks such as cleaning, mild exercise, laundry, and routine interaction with others.
Scotton continues:
In "Farther Shores", Yvonne Kason devotes a large part of the book to understanding and intervening in "spiritually transformative experiences". She covers a number of factors, including who has spiritual emergencies and why. Kason offers up a number of strategies for living with spiritual transformation. Central to these is a balanced lifestyle. Kason also offers up a long list (26 items) of grounding strategies, including, "1. Stop meditating. 2. Decrease all forms of concentration... 22. Visualize your energies withdrawing from your head region, moving down the base of your spine, and staying there..."
DSM-IV: Related categories.
While kundalini problems are not listed in the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders", through the efforts of David Lukoff, Francis G. Lu and Robert P. Turner, a new diagnostic category called "Religious or Spiritual Problem" was included in the fourth edition, DSM-IV published in 1994. This category was proposed to offset the tendency of mental health professionals to ignore or pathologize religious and spiritual issues brought into treatment. While acknowledging the consensus within transpersonal psychology that kundalini awakening is a form of spiritual emergence, or emergency, and should not be diagnosed or treated as a mental disorder, some psychologists note it could precipitate forms of mental disorders or exacerbate preexisting conditions.
DSM-IV does include in its "Glossary of culture-bound syndromes" the diagnostic category "Qi-gong Psychotic Reaction", described as "an acute, time-limited episode characterized by disassociative, paranoid or other psychotic or non-psychotic symptoms[...] Especially vulnerable are individuals who become overly involved in the practice." As such, some practitioners believe it to be a case of kundalini energy in disarray. Over-zealous practitioners of Kundalini, Qigong or Buddhist meditation, without proper guidance or restraint, were observed to lose touch with reality.
Sovatsky has commented upon the apparent similarities between kundalini syndrome, or "pranotthana manifestation" as he prefers to call it, and
Qi-gong Psychotic Reaction. He acknowledges the qi-gong psychotic reaction as an experience of nonordinary consciousness not unlike what Americans involved in qi-gong, meditation or yoga have experienced. He cautions those who would pathologize this kind of emergency: "That some problems arise as a result of the most auspicious of spiritual experiences, long documented in diverse religions, must, in such cases, also be considered."
Research and Case-studies.
Research on kundalini-symptomatology has been presented by researchers in the areas of Transpersonal Psychology and Near-death studies, but also by researchers associated with other areas of Psychology and Mental health. Among the first studies to comment upon symptoms of kundalini was Ring and Rosing's "Omega Project", published in 1990. In this study the researchers found that Near-death experiencers reported several psychophysical changes in the wake of their near-death experience, including symptoms that could be interpreted as kundalini-activity.
Another study from the early nineties was conducted by NDE-researcher Bruce Greyson. Co-operating with the inpatient psychiatric unit of the University of Connecticut Health Center, Greyson administered the Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index, a 19-item questionnaire, to patients admitted to the unit. He found that psychiatric patients reported physio-kundalini symptoms, but to a lesser degree than a group of near-death experiencers described in a previous study.
Greyson followed up his previous interest in the subject with a new study in 2000, published in the Journal of Transpersonal Psychology under the title “Some Neuropsychological Correlates Of The Physio-Kundalini Syndrome”. In this study a group of 321 volunteers, from the International Association for Near-Death Studies, responded to the Physio-kundalini syndrome index, as well as standardized tests designed to measure neuropsychological traits. Using statistical regression analysis the author found that kundalini arousal was significantly related to measures of fantasy proneness, dissociation, absorption, and temporal-limbic hyperconnection, but not to right-brain dominance or to demographic variables.
Thalbourne, using the terminology of "experience", administered a battery of pencil-and-paper tests, including an instrument called The Kundalini Scale to 125 first-year psychology students at Adelaide University. He found that scores on the Kundalini scale was correlated with several other scales measuring belief in the paranormal.
Prosnick & Evans developed the Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index-7 (PKSI-7). A 7-item short-form drawn from the 19-item Physio-Kundalini Syndrome Index. They found that this instrument showed positive correlation with NDE-6, a shortened version of Greysons 16-item NDE-scale.
Sanches and Daniels, using the terminology of "awakening", distributed a pilot psychometric instrument called the Kundalini Awakening Scale (KAS) to four different groups: Yoga teachers, Yoga students, people following other spiritual traditions, and people from a general population. They found that kundalini experience was highest, but also most problematic, in the group of people following other spiritual traditions.
Scotton presented two case-examples in an article on the phenomenology of Kundalini, published in "Textbook of Transpersonal Psychiatry and Psychology". Valanciute and Thampy presented one Case-review in a discussion of Physio Kundalini syndrome and mental health, published in the journal, "Mental Health, Religion and Culture".
Psycho-spiritual evolution.
Several theorists discuss the phenomenon of Kundalini in the context of psycho-spiritual evolution. Even though the symptoms, at times, may be dramatic and disturbing, several theorists tend to interpret the kundalini phenomenon, and the related symptomatology, as largely non-pathological, even maturational. Sovatsky, representing the hermeneutic of kundalini yoga, tend to interpret the energetic manifestations of Kundalini awakening as a "spinal puberty", a spiritual and somatic maturation of body and soul.
Other writers also interpret the phenomenon as a psycho-spiritual and transformative process. Kason, for example, tend to view the symptoms as part of a spiritually transformative experience, a "psycho-spiritual house-cleaning". Several commentators seem to imply that the phenomenon has a developmental and evolutionary significance for humanity, signifying both biological and spiritual evolution.
Sannella observed: "Today kundalini awakenings occur more frequently, with and without training." He suggested a significant cause. "People experience kundalini phenomena more frequently because they are actually more involved in disciplines and lifestyles conducive to psychospiritual transformation." Sannella contrasted this situation with Carl Jung's observation in 1932 during a seminar on the kundalini that the awakening of this force had rarely, if ever, been witnessed in the West. Stanislav Grof considers Jung's view that the awakening of Kundalini was exclusively an Eastern phenomenon and that it would take at least a thousand years before this energy could be set in motion as "probably the most remarkable error of his entire career." Both Bentov and Sovatsky have compared the awakening of Kundalini with the onset of puberty in the sense that the nervous system can start functioning on ever higher levels of consciousness. Sovatsky describes it as a "post-genital puberty" as spiritually matured identities become embodied and empowered. Bentov, on the other hand, claimed to have seen "many cases of spontaneous and systematic evolution of the nervous system" during his involvement with the phenomenon.
Kason called for research to validate what she called "the kundalini model" to prove a biological basis for "spiritually transformative experiences". A few years later Bruce Greyson at the University of Virginia set out to provide the beginnings of such evidence. As a result of his study on neuropsychological correlates, Greyson was able to conclude that kundalini arousal is accompanied by a distinctive neuropsychological profile, as his subjects who reported physio-kundalini symptoms also tended to score themselves highly on measures of fantasy-proneness, disassociation, absorption, and temporal-limbic hyperconnection. Greyson admitted it was impossible to say whether kundalini experiences cause or facilitate these neuropsychological traits or whether persons with this distinct neuropsychological profile are more prone to kundalini arousal. Nonetheless, he concluded that his findings supported Gopi Krishna's claim that kundalini is the force behind biological and spiritual evolution since kundalini arousal appears to be accompanied by specific neurobiological distinctions, as must any engine of biological evolution.
Bentov's "Physio-kundalini syndrome".
Itzhak Bentov devoted an appendix of his 1977 book "Stalking the Wild Pendulum: The Mechanics of Consciousness" to what he called "Physio-kundalini Syndrome". Bentov's colleague Lee Sannella subsequently also used the term to describe the incidence of physiological phenomena found to be coexistent with experiences of kundalini. Both Bentov and Sannella, concurred with Gopi Krishna's view that kundalini is a symptom of an evolution toward higher states of consciousness.
These researchers were especially interested in kundalini problems – unusual physiological occurrences that tended to happen in situations where subjects practiced long periods of meditation without proper guidance or supervision. Many of Bentov and Sannella's case studies were mostly practitioners of Transcendental Meditation as taught by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Bentov and Sannella held positive views of meditation as a means of releasing stresses in the body. Their main concern however was that unusual bodily reactions, or mental states related to kundalini arousal, might lead to inappropriate and potentially harmful medical interventions. Sannella thought that it was possible to recognize the symptomatology, the physio-kundalini process, and to differentiate it from psychosis.
Bentov noted that "strong and unusual bodily reactions and unusual psychological states" might develop as a consequence of latent capacities in the human nervous system. According to his view this sequence of events could happen as a result of meditation, or it could occur spontaneously in unsuspecting individuals. Bentov suspected that western medicine was unequipped to handle this phenomenology. Bentov also made other speculations. In his view, the psychological symptoms tended to mimic schizophrenia. Thus there was a danger that individuals experiencing kundalini-symptoms could receive an unfortunate diagnosis, and thereby be institutionalized and treated as schizophrenics.
Gopi Krishna.
The case of Gopi Krishna is often used by commentators, among others Kason, to illustrate certain features of the kundalini-phenomenon. His ideas are also cited by other commentators. The interpretation of the phenomenon as presented by Krishna, in biographic detail, is a story of Kundalini energy in disarray. On his own, Krishna had practised an arduous routine of pre-dawn meditation from the age of 17. In 1937, at the age of 34, he began to experience dramatic and distressing changes in his body and consciousness. Knowing very little about kundalini, he began to read as much as he could with his altered consciousness. Gradually, with the little helpful information he was able to obtain, and with the passage of 12 years, Gopi Krishna's kundalini awakening led to the development of new, inspired creativity. He founded the Kundalini Research Institute and set out to learn more, and to teach others, about kundalini. He is the author of several books.
Based on his traumatic experiences, Gopi Krishna conveyed a twofold message of immense dread and great hopefulness around the awakening of Kundalini. On the one hand he believed that the energy, if it was aroused in a body that was not attuned to it, could lead to a variety of psychological and physiological problems.
Gopi Krishna described the symptoms of what he thought was kundalini awakening based on his own experiences. From his early years of turmoil, he described a stream of light and a roaring sound in his head, a rocking sensation, a sense of slipping out of his body, followed by a sense of detachment and disinterest, weakness in his arms and legs, fatigue and uneasiness. After many years of effort to understand and master the mysterious kundalini, Krishna was at last able to report a happier condition. It was a condition which, in his view, included a form of heightened awareness, and a refinement his faculties. Gopi Krishna was influential as the first widely published author on the subject of kundalini. He attracted Yvonne Kason, a transpersonal psychologist who helped to further popularize his story and integrated his lessons into her practice. Together with a few collaborators, she established the Kundalini Research Network. According to Stuart Sovatsky: "the use in the West of Gopi Krishna's problematic kundalini experiences as a standard gives the awakening a reputation as more dangerous than it is." 
Criticism and skeptical views.
Skepticism towards the concept of excess universal energy, and spiritual emergencies, has been expressed by the field of psychiatry.

</doc>
<doc id="9880182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880182" title="Putrefying bacteria">
Putrefying bacteria

Putrefying bacteria are bacteria involved in putrefaction of living matter.
Putrefying bacteria is one of the main processes in the nitrogen cycle; other than putrefying bacteria there are denitrifying bacteria, nitrifying bacteria and nitrogen-fixing bacteria.
Nitrefying bacteria turn nitrogen into nitrates this way it is more useful to animal which use it to create amino acids for proteins for things such as growth.
Denitrefying bacteria are the opposite; they are found in rotting matter and released back into the atmosphere.
Nitrogen-fixation basically include nitrogen-fixing bacteria on root nodules, lightning and the haber process.
Nodules are found on some plant roots and they absorb nitrates from the nitrogen-fixing bacteria on its surface, which convert nitrogen and oxygen in air into nitrate.
Lightning creates nitrates because the lightning has enough energy to split nitrogen's atoms to produce nitrates of oxide and then it is washed into the soil by rain.
The haber process is mainly used to make fertilisers for the plants to help them grow.
Nitrogen in the amino group can be taken from one organism to another when its protein is consumed.
Putrefying bacteria turn nitrogen proteins into ammonium compounds.
Nitrifying bacteria turn the ammonium compounds into nitrites and then into nitrates for plant absorption.

</doc>
<doc id="9880197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880197" title="Cohomological dimension">
Cohomological dimension

In abstract algebra, cohomological dimension is an invariant of a group which measures the homological complexity of its representations. It has important applications in geometric group theory, topology, and algebraic number theory.
Cohomological dimension of a group.
As most (co)homological invariants, the cohomological dimension involves a choice of a "ring of coefficients" "R", with a prominent special case given by "R" = Z, the ring of integers. Let "G" be a discrete group, "R" a non-zero ring with a unit, and "RG" the group ring. The group "G" has cohomological dimension less than or equal to "n", denoted cd"R"("G") ≤ "n", if the trivial "RG"-module "R" has a projective resolution of length "n", i.e. there are projective "RG"-modules "P"0, …, "P""n" and "RG"-module homomorphisms "d""k": "P""k"formula_1"P""k" − 1 ("k" = 1, …, "n") and "d"0: "P"0formula_1"R", such that the image of "d""k" coincides with the kernel of "d""k" − 1 for "k" = 1, …, "n" and the kernel of "d""n" is trivial.
Equivalently, the cohomological dimension is less than or equal to "n" if for an arbitrary "RG"-module "M", the cohomology of "G" with coeffients in "M" vanishes in degrees "k" > "n", that is, "H""k"("G","M") = 0 whenever "k" > "n". The "p"-cohomological dimension for prime "p" is similarly defined in terms of the "p"-torsion groups "H""k"("G","M"){"p"}.
The smallest "n" such that the cohomological dimension of "G" is less than or equal to "n" is the cohomological dimension of "G" (with coefficients "R"), which is denoted "n" = cd"R"("G").
A free resolution of Z can be obtained from a free action of the group "G" on a contractible topological space "X". In particular, if "X" is a contractible CW complex of dimension "n" with a free action of a discrete group "G" that permutes the cells, then cdZ("G") ≤ "n".
Examples.
In the first group of examples, let the ring "R" of coefficients be Z.
Now let us consider the case of a general ring "R".
Cohomological dimension of a field.
The "p"-cohomological dimension of a field "K" is the "p"-cohomological dimension of the Galois group of a separable closure of "K". The cohomological dimension of "K" is the supremum of the "p"-cohomological dimension over all primes "p".

</doc>
<doc id="9880199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880199" title="Ema Kuribayashi">
Ema Kuribayashi

Ema Kuribayashi was born on 6 October 1983 in Tokyo. She is a Japanese cricketer who has played five women's One Day Internationals in 2003.
Career.
2010.
At the 2010 Asian Games, Kuribayashi led Japan to a bronze medal, beating China by 7 wickets. 

</doc>
<doc id="9880204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880204" title="Cyclin-dependent kinase 2">
Cyclin-dependent kinase 2

Cyclin-dependent kinase 2, also known as cell division protein kinase 2, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "CDK2" gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the cyclin-dependent kinase family of Ser/Thr protein kinases. This protein kinase is highly similar to the gene products of "S. cerevisiae" cdc28, and "S. pombe" cdc2, also known as Cdk1 in humans. It is a catalytic subunit of the cyclin-dependent kinase complex, whose activity is restricted to the G1-S phase of the cell cycle, and is essential for the G1/S transition. This protein associates with and is regulated by the regulatory subunits of the complex including cyclin E or A. Cyclin E binds G1 phase Cdk2, which is required for the transition from G1 to S phase while binding with Cyclin A is required to progress through the S phase.
Its activity is also regulated by phosphorylation.
Two alternatively spliced variants and multiple transcription initiation sites of this gene have been reported.
The role of this protein in G1-S transition has been recently questioned as cells lacking Cdk2 are reported to have no problem during this transition.
Inhibitors.
Known CDK inhibitors are p21Cip1 (CDKN1A) and p27Kip1 (CDKN1B). Drugs that inhibit Cdk2 and arrest the cell cycle, such as GW8510 and the experimental cancer drug seliciclib, may reduce the sensitivity of the epithelium to many cell cycle-active antitumor agents and, therefore, represent a strategy for prevention of chemotherapy-induced alopecia.
Gene regulation.
In melanocytic cell types, expression of the CDK2 gene is regulated by the Microphthalmia-associated transcription factor.
Interactions.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 2 has been shown to interact with Retinoblastoma-like protein 2, Retinoblastoma-like protein 1, Flap structure-specific endonuclease 1, CEBPA, BRCA1, PPM1B, Cyclin A1, Cyclin E1, SKP2, PPP2CA, ORC1L, CDK2AP1, CDKN3, CDKN1B and P21.

</doc>
<doc id="9880208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880208" title="Cyclin-dependent kinase 4">
Cyclin-dependent kinase 4

Cyclin-dependent kinase 4 also known as cell division protein kinase 4 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "CDK4" gene. CDK4 is a member of the cyclin-dependent kinase family.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the Ser/Thr protein kinase family. This protein is highly similar to the gene products of "S. cerevisiae" cdc28 and "S. pombe" cdc2. It is a catalytic subunit of the protein kinase complex that is important for cell cycle G1 phase progression. The activity of this kinase is restricted to the G1-S phase, which is controlled by the regulatory subunits D-type cyclins and CDK inhibitor p16INK4a. This kinase was shown to be responsible for the phosphorylation of retinoblastoma gene product (Rb).
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene as well as in its related proteins including D-type cyclins, p16(INK4a) and Rb were all found to be associated with tumorigenesis of a variety of cancers. Multiple polyadenylation sites of this gene have been reported.
It is regulated by Cyclin D.
Interactions.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 4 has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="9880209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880209" title="Cyclin-dependent kinase 6">
Cyclin-dependent kinase 6

Cell division protein kinase 6 (CDK6) is an enzyme encoded by the CDK6 gene. It is regulated by cyclins, more specifically by Cyclin D proteins and Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor proteins. The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the cyclin-dependent kinase, (CDK) family, which includes CDK4. CDK family members are highly similar to the gene products of Saccharomyces cerevisiae cdc28, and Schizosaccharomyces pombe cdc2, and are known to be important regulators of cell cycle progression in the point of regulation named R or restriction point. This kinase is a catalytic subunit of the protein kinase complex, important for the G1 phase progression and G1/S transition of the cell cycle and the complex is composed also by an activating sub-unit; the cyclin D. The activity of this kinase first appears in mid-G1 phase, which is controlled by the regulatory subunits including D-type cyclins and members of INK4 family of CDK inhibitors. This kinase, as well as CDK4, has been shown to phosphorylate, and thus regulate the activity of, tumor suppressor Retinoblastoma protein making CDK6 an important protein in cancer development.
Gene and Protein structure.
The CDK6 gene is conserved in eukaryotes, including the budding yeast and the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. The CDK6 gene is located in the chromosome 7 in humans, its is encoded by 231,706 base pairs and is translated to a 326 amino acid protein with a kinase function. The gene is over expressed in cancers like lymphoma, leukemia, medulloblastoma and melanoma associated with chromosomal rearrangements. 
The CDK6 protein contains a catalytic core composed of a serine/threonine domain. This protein also contains an ATP-binding pocket, inhibitory and activating phosphorylation sites, a PSTAIRE-like cyclin-binding domain and an activating T-loop motif. After binding the Cyclin in the PSTAIRE helix, the protein changes its conformational structure to expose the phosphorylation motif. The protein can be found in the cytoplasm and the nucleus, however most of the active complexes are found in the nucleus of proliferating cells.
Summary of Interactions.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 6 was shown to interact with CDKN2C, P16, PPM1B, Cyclin D3, Cyclin D1 and PPP2CA.
Role in cell cycle.
In 1994, Matthew Meyerson and Ed Harlow investigated the product of a close analogous gene of CDK4. This gene, identified as PLSTIRE was translated into a protein that interacted with the cyclins CD1, CD2 and CD3 (same as CDK4), but that was different from CDK4; the protein was then renamed CDK6 for simplicity. In mammalian cells, cell cycle is activated by CDK6 in the early G1 phase through interactions with cyclins D1, D2 and D3. There are many changes in gene expression that are regulated through this enzymes. After the complex is formed, the C-CDK6 enzymatic complex phosphorylates the protein pRb. 
After its phosphorylation, pRb releases its binding partner E2F, a transcriptional activator, which in turns activate DNA replication. The CDK6 complex ensures a point of switch to commit to division responding to external signals, like mitogens and growth factors.
CDK6 is involved in a positive feedback loop that activates transcription factors through a reaction cascade. Importantly, these C-DCK complexes act as a kinase, phosphorylating and inactivating the protein of Rb and p-Rb related “pocket proteins” p107 and p130. While doing this, the CDK6 in conjunction with CDK4, act as a switch signal that first appears in G1, directing the cell towards S phase of the cell cycle.
Uncovered new roles.
CDK6 is important for the control of G1 to S phase transition. However, in recent years, new evidence proved that the presence of CDK6 is not essential for proliferation in every cell type, the cell cycle has a complex circuitry of regulation and the role of CDK6 might be more important in certain cell types than in others, where CDK4 or CDK2 can act as protein kinases compensating its role.
Role in cell type specific development.
In mutant Knockout mice of CDK6, the hematopoietic function is impaired, regardless of otherwise organism normal development. This might hint additional roles of CDK6 in the development of blood components. There are additional functions of CDK6 not associated with its kinase activity. For example, CDK6 is involved in the differentiation of T cells, acting as an inhibitor of differentiation. Even though CDK6 and CDK4 share 71% amino acid identity, this role in differentiation is unique to CDK6. CDK6 has also been found to be important in the development of other cell lines, for example, CDK6 has a role in the alteration of the morphology of astrocytes and in the development of other stem cells.
Role in the cell protection to DNA damage.
CDK6 differs from CDK4 in other important roles. For example, CDK6 plays a role in the accumulation of the apoptosis proteins p53 and p130, this accumulation avoids cells from entering cell division if there is DNA damage, activating pro- apoptotic pathways.
Role in cell balance of metabolism.
Studies in the metabolic control of cells have revealed yet another role of CDK6. This new role is associated with the balance of the oxidative and non-oxidative branches of the pentose pathway in cells. This pathway is a known route altered in cancer cells, when there is an aberrant overexpression of CDK6 and CDK4. The overepression of these proteins provides the cancer cells with a new hallmark capability of cancer; the deregulation of the cell metabolism.
Role in centrosome stability.
In 2013 researches discovered yet another additional role of CDK6. There is evidence that CDK6 associates with the centrosome and controls organized division and cell cycle phases in neuron production. When the CDK6 gene is mutated in these developing lines, the centrosomes are not properly divided, this could lead to division problems such as aneuploidy, which in turns leads to health issues like primary microcephaly.
Mechanisms of regulation.
CDK6 is positively regulated primarily by its union to the D cyclins D1,D2 and D3. If this subunit of the complex is not available, CDK6 is not active or available to phosphorylate the pRb substrate. An additional positive activator needed by CDK6 is the phosphorylation in a conserved threonine residue located in 177 position, this phosphorylation is done by the cdk-activating kinases, CAK. Additionally, CDK6 can be phosphorylated and activated by the Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpes virus, stimulating the CDK6 over activation and uncontrolled cell proliferation.
CDK6 is negatively regulated by the union to certain inhibitors that can be classified in two groups; CKIs or CIP/KIP family members like the protein p21 and p27 act blocking and inhibiting the assembled C-CDKs binding complex enzymes in their catalytic domain.
Furthermore, inhibitors of the INK4 family members like p15, p16, p18 and p19 inhibit the monomer of CDK6, preventing the complex formation.
Clinical Relevance.
CDK6 is a protein kinase activating cell proliferation, it is involved in an important point of restriction in the cell cycle. For this reason, CDK6 and other regulators of the G1 phase of the cell cycle are known to be unbalanced in more than 80-90% of tumors. In cervical cancer cells, CDK6 function has been shown to be altered indirectly by the p16 inhibitor. CDK6 is also overexpressed in tumors that exhibit drug resistance, for example glioma malignancies exhibit resistance to chemotherapy using Temozolomide (TMZ) when they have a mutation overexpressing CDK6. Likewise, the overexpression of CDK6 is also associated with resistance to hormone therapy using the anti oestrogen Fluvestrant in breast cancer.
CDK6 and the hallmarks of cancer.
Loss of normal cell cycle control is the first step to developing different hallmarks of cancer; alterations of CDK6 can directly or indirectly affect the following hallmarks; disregulated cell cellular energetics, sustaining of proliferative signaling, evading growth suppressors and inducing angiogenesis, for example, deregulation of CDK6 has been shown to be important in lymphoid malignancies by increasing angiogenesis, a hallmark of cancer. These features are reached through upregulation of CDK6 due to chromosome alterations or epigenetic dysregulations. Additionally, CDK6 might be altered through genomic instability, a mechanism of downregulation of tumor suppressor genes; this represents another evolving hallmark of cancer.
Cancer therapies targeting CDK6.
The direct targeting of CDK6 and CDK4 should be used with caution in the treatment of cancer, the reason why is because these enzymes are important for the cell cycle of normal cells we well. Furthermore, small molecules targeting these proteins might increase drug resistance events. However, these kinases have been shown to be useful as coadjuvants in breast cancer chemotherapy. 
Another indirect mechanism for the control of CDK6 expression, is the use of a mutated D-cyclin that binds with high affinity to CDK6, but does not induce its kinase activity. this mechanism was studied in the development of mammary tumorigenesis in rat cells, however, the clinical effects have not yet been shown in human patients.
As of 2014, different drugs to target these type of kinases have been developed, however none of those have been yet approved for the treatment of human cancers by the FDA. Inhibitors of CDK6 have shown the disadvantage of not being specific in the union to the CDK6, and as a consequence they might act inhibiting other CDKs that are crucial in other tissues and at other points of cell cycle. The compound PD-0332991, is currently under more than 20 clinical trials acting either as single agent or as coadjuvant of other therapies in clinical trial phase I-III showing promising results in the control of breast cancer "in-vitro".
CDK6 and Medulloblastoma.
Medulloblastoma is the most common cause of brain cancer in children. About a third of these cancers have upregulated CDK6, representing a marker for poor prognosis for this disease. Since it is so common for these cells to have alterations in CDK6, researchers are seeking for ways to downregulate CDK6 expression acting specifically in those cell lines. The MicroRNA (miR) -124 has successfully controlled cancer progression in an "in-vitro" setting for medulloblastoma and glioblastoma cells. Furthermore, researchers have found that it successfully reduces the growth of xenograft tumors in rat models.
See also.
Cell cycle, Mitosis, CDK, CDK4, Hallmarks of cancer
Genecards
Uniprot
NCI

</doc>
<doc id="9880228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880228" title="Knock on the Sky">
Knock on the Sky

Knock on the Sky is the second studio album of country music trio SHeDAISY. It was released on June 25, 2002. The two singles from this album, "Get Over Yourself" and "Mine All Mine", were minor Top 30 hits on the country charts. "Mine All Mine" was also featured on the soundtrack for the 2002 film Sweet Home Alabama and featured a video including clips from the movie.
This was SHeDAISY's weakest selling album as well; given its poor reception to radio, the group has referred to it as being "ahead of its time".
"Mine All Mine" was previously a single for Canadian country singer Tara Lyn Hart, released on her self-titled album in 1999.
Track listing.
A"Knock on the Sky" should be considered Track 14 but is actually included as part of Track 13; total track length is 24:03, including 14:55 (14 minutes : 55 seconds) of silence in between "Keep Me" and "Knock on the Sky." Track 14 is 6 seconds of silence.

</doc>
<doc id="9880230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880230" title="Kerala State Road Transport Corporation">
Kerala State Road Transport Corporation

Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is the state-run bus company in Kerala, India. It is one of the oldest state run public bus transport services in India.
History.
The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation began as the Travancore State Transport Department, constituted by the Travancore King, H.H. Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma, with the intent of reorganizing the transportation services of the former state. Mr. EG Salter, Assistant Operating Superintendent of London Passenger Transport Board, was appointed as Superintendent of the Transport Department on 20 September 1937. The Travancore Transport Department grew with nationalisation of key interstate routes such as Thiruvanathapuram to Kanyakumari and Palakkad to Coimbatore.
The first fleet consisted of 60 Comet chassis fitted with Perkins diesel engines, imported from England. The bodies of the buses were built by the staff of the Travancore State Transport Department under the supervision of the Superintendent. The model for the selection of operating staff continues to be followed by the current operating staff. The Transport Department gave preference in recruitment for those who were likely to lose their the private transport company jobs resulting from the nationalization of Thiruvanathapuram Kanyakumari route. Thus the Transport Department began with a staff of about a hundred graduates appointed as Inspectors and Conductors.
The State Motor Service was inaugurated by His Highness Sree Chithirathirunal on 20 February 1938. His Highness and his kin were the first passengers of the system on the inaugural trip; Superintendent Salter was the driver of the bus. This bus, along with the thirty-three other buses brought on road driving through the Kowdiar Square was an attraction at that time.
Following the enactment of the Road Transport Corporation Act in 1950, the Government of Kerala formulated KSRTC rules in 1965 by Section 44. The Transport Department was converted into an autonomous corporation on 1 April 1965 and the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation was formally established by the government of Kerala by the notification dated, 15 March 1965.
For all KSRTC Buses the registered under a separate RTO at Thiruvanathapuram having registration series KL-15.
Fleet.
The corporation has a fleet of 6148 buses and 5598 schedules consisting Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors and Volvo buses and minibuses. The fleet composition as of 6 December 2010 was:
Depots and workshops.
KSRTC has twenty nine depots, forty six sub-depots, eighteen operating centres, and five workshops spread throughout the Kerala. In 1995 Kerala State Road Transport Corporation ventured into the technical education field by establishing an engineering college named Sree Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering at Pappanamcode on its Central Workshop premises.
Depots, Sub-Depots and Operating Centers.
The List of KSRTC Bus Stands and Depots are given below:
Workshops.
The List of KSRTC Workshops are given below:
Fares.
Historical Fares.
Half a Chakram was the minimum fare in 1938. The first class tickets had cost 50% more than the coordinating rate. During that period free travel was allowed for children up to 3 years and only half the fare was charged for children until age 14. There were no luggage tickets, but when the luggage weighed more than 28 pounds up to 56 pounds, a fee was assessed for 4 chakras. Passengers with luggage that weighed more than 56 pounds were assessed a fee of 6 chakras up to 112 pounds and above. As the Chakram had triple the value of a 100 rupee currency note today, the cost of travelling was comparatively higher during those days.
Current Fares.
The fares were last revised on 11 November 2012 .
Online booking.
Bus reservation can be done online for KSRTC services and the online booking facility is named "Sarathi". [http://210.212.239.117:8080/KsrtcOnlineR/]
GPRS Enabled Ticket Machines.
Kerala State Road Transport Corporation(KSRTC) has introduced GPRS enabled ticketing machines which is connected to an online server through GPRS to streamline services in the year 2013.The ticket machines transfers real time data to the control room at Transport Bhavan.The authorities can keep tabs on the collection of each schedule and that of depots across the sttate on real time basis by tracking the data from ticketing machines

</doc>
<doc id="9880263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880263" title="Truppenamt">
Truppenamt

The Truppenamt or 'Troop Office' was the cover organisation for the German General Staff from 1919 through until 1935 when the General Staff of the German Army ("Heer") was re-created. This subterfuge was deemed necessary in order for Germany to be seen to meet the requirements of the Versailles Treaty. It completely revised German tactical and strategic doctrine and thereby conserved, re-energised and unified the military thinking and capability of the Reichswehr, later to become the Wehrmacht.
Original establishment.
After World War I, the Versailles Treaty specified that the post-war German army could have a maximum strength of 100,000, of this number only 4000 could be officers. Article 160 determined: 
The Great German General Staff and all similar organisations shall be dissolved and may not be reconstituted in any form.
In late 1919, soon after the treaty was signed, Major general Hans von Seeckt, head of the military expert group adjunct to the German delegation, initiated a programme to rethink and rewrite German doctrine as well as reorganise the Army to comply with the Versailles rules. On 1 October he became chief of the newly established Truppenamt agency within the Ministry of the Reichswehr. In 1920, when von Seeckt succeeded Walther Reinhardt as Head of the Army Command ("Chef der Heeresleitung"), this expanded to rebuilding a new army from scratch.
When the General Staff was dissolved in 1919, its Operations Section became the Truppenamt whilst other sections of the Staff were transferred to government departments: the history section to the Interior Ministry Reich Archives, the Survey and Maps section to the Interior Ministry Survey Office and the Transportation section to the Transportation Ministry. The Economic and Political sections were placed directly under the control of the chief of the Army Command. Thus the core of the General Staff became the four new sections of the Truppenamt: 
As von Seeckt said at the time "the form changes, the spirit remains the same".
Alongside the Truppenamt in the new army high command were the Weapons Office and branch inspectorates. The relationship between these three entities was very close since between them they determined materiel, doctrine and training. In the early 1920s, the Truppenamt contained a transportation section, T7 (there never was a T5 or T6). Altogether these three bodies contained two hundred officers, almost all ex-General Staff, who formed an efficient and practical organisation for guiding the rebuilding of the Reichswehr.
Development of new strategies.
One week after the dissolution of the General Staff, von Seeckt started a programme to collect and analyse the experiences of the First World War and to create a new military doctrine for the Reichwehr. The new programme consisted of 57 committees which would study tactics, regulations, equipment and doctrine. This effort was seen as important to put the experience of war in a broad light and collect this experience whilst it was still fresh. The output of the committees was to be short, concise studies on the newly gained experiences and in particular (a) what new situations arose that had not been considered before; (b) how effective were pre-war views in dealing with these situations; (c) what guidelines were developed for new weaponry during the war; and (d) which new problems put forward by the war have not yet found a solution.
This programme covered diverse topics from military justice and questions of troop morale to river crossings, flame throwers and the military weather service. Military leadership was a key focus with seven committees covering different levels and aspects. In order to cover these areas experienced officers were appointed to serve on the committees. These officers were often ex-General Staff but specialist experts were included even if they were not. The T4 section's job was to collect and review the committee outputs and to recommend changes to the committee structure, to military regulations and to doctrinal manuals. Seeing the intense effort being made by the Army, the Air Service within the Truppenamt embarked on a similar programme and by mid-1920 the manpower that made up all these committees was over 500 officers.
Whilst all the big nations revised their tactics post-World War I, it is a notable contrast that Germany put its experienced General Staff officers of Captain and above to the task whilst others put juniors of limited experience. For example, the UK assigned the task of rewriting the infantry manual to Basil H Liddell Hart, a 24-year old Lieutenant of limited experience. Even here, the War Office reinserted chapters from the 1911 manual where it deemed appropriate.
Most of the output of the committees have been lost but where they still exist there is a clear link to the new regulations and manuals that started to be issued in 1921. By 1923, the major outputs of this work were completed and the results show up in new manuals issued from that time which demonstrate a high level of tactical thought. Experience from World War I was incorporated as seen in the new infantry regulation of October 1922 where 10-12 squads included a light machine gun with the rifle section and fluid fire-and-manoeuvre stormtroop tactics are endorsed. It is also important to note that the manuals do not limit themselves to the armaments allowed by the Versailles Treaty envisaging tactics using forbidden infantry cannons for example. It is here that we see explicit strategic capabilities being built into the new unified doctrines, so such things as cross-training requirements being built into regulations; e.g. transport troops being required to train a set number of wagon drivers as cannon gunners and as engineers specialising in bridges.
Albert Kesselring, later a field marshal, served in both T1 and T4 at this critical time, as did many other influential generals, and described it as a professional schooling for him.
Transition to the new Reichswehr.
The manuals and regulations now being in place, even if under constant revision from this new base, the Truppenamt set about reshaping the new army to fit its treaty constraints and its new doctrinal approach. The 'triangular' infantry division replaced the 'square division', with no brigade level staff and three regiments instead of four. Support forces such as artillery, reconnaissance, transport and signals were all increased and control in many cases pushed down the organisation. All of this related to the new 'war of movement' doctrine that had been adopted. The Wehrmacht infantry division in 1939 showed very few changes from that outlined in 1921. The cavalry division was similarly reinforced with support arms and armoured cars making it capable of independent operations deep behind enemy lines.
The Truppenamt turned some of the Versailles limitations into advantages. The very limited number of officers forced it to rethink the roles at headquarters and this dovetailed with their doctrine of decision at the front by those who can see the enemy. Correspondingly, despite a Versailles limit of 33 officers in a divisional HQ, the Germans planned to have 30 which was in stark contrast to a US divisional staff of 79. Again, this fitted with a force who would be attacking and making many more decisions outside of the headquarters which could therefore be leaner. The Versailles treaty placed no limitations on NCO numbers and by 1922 the Reichswehr had over 50% of enlisted manpower at NCO ranks, leaving only 36,000 privates. The high quality of German soldiers, made possible by the much reduced numbers forced by the treaty, meant that the Reichswehr could employ NCOs at junior officer roles such as platoon leaders. This had two effects, when the Germans rearmed in 1933-34 they could easily promote these NCOs to officers as the army expanded, also it established a tradition of much greater leadership, responsibility and capability below the officer level which fitted with the delegated authority doctrine necessary for "bewegungskrieg" or the war of movement where use of independent judgement and fast local decision making is necessary.
This increased demand upon NCOs required them to be treated differently in this army than the old Imperial one in order to support them in their efforts. Hence all NCOs were now to have a barracks room of their own and all soldiers were to be much better accommodated and trained than before. In the 1920s, the soldiers were often distributed throughout the country at battalion and regimental size only forming into larger units for occasional exercises. This was part of the Truppenamt's plan to train squads, platoons and companies in the new regulations and doctrines and when ready then combining them in battalion and regimental exercises. These battalion and regimental exercises started to happen in 1924 and the first divisional exercises in 1926. During this time, it was the Truppenamt's role to ensure that old 'trench warfare' and 'positional warfare' tactics did not creep back into use. Cross training regimes were reviewed, long length operational order writing was eliminated, attack styles that took too long to prepare were eliminated. Innovation and flexibility for mobile warfare were stressed over carefully planned methods used in static warfare.

</doc>
<doc id="9880269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880269" title="Tim Barrett">
Tim Barrett

Tim Barrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9880288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880288" title="Tony Davis (Gaelic footballer)">
Tony Davis (Gaelic footballer)

Anthony 'Tony' Davis (born 29 November 1964) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played senior football with Cork in the 1980s and 1990s.
Early & private life.
Anthony Davis was born in Skibbereen, County Cork in 1964. He was educated locally at St. Patrick's National School where his interest in Gaelic football began. He later attended St. Fachtna's De La Salle secondary school where he tasted his first major football success, winning both Cork and Munster Colleges’ titles. Davis subsequently became a member of the Garda Síochána and is currently based at Anglesea Street Garda station in Cork
Playing career.
Club.
Davis played his club football with the O'Donovan Rossa club in Skibbereen. He had much success at underage level, as well as winning a Cork SFC medal in 1993 – the very first time that the side had won the county title. This win was later converted into a Munster Senior Club Football Championship title and an All-Ireland club football title.
Minor, Under-21 & Junior.
Davis was still in secondary school when he first started playing football for the Cork minor team. In 1981 he had his first inter-county success when he captured his first All-Ireland medal with the minor team. Three years later in 1984 Davis had a very successful year. He won an All-Ireland title with the Cork under-21 team before winning an All-Ireland medal with the Cork junior football team following a defeat of Warwickshire in Coventry. In 1985 he captained Cork to a second consecutive All-Ireland title at under-21 level.
Senior.
Davis made his senior inter-county debut in a National Football League game against Meath in 1985. He quickly became a regular on the team and won his first Munster title in 1987. Cork later played Meath in the All-Ireland final, however, Davis’s side were beaten on the day. In 1988 he captured his second Munster medal, however, Cork were once again beaten by Meath in a controversial All-Ireland final replay. 1989 began well for Davis and for Cork. He won his first and only National Football League medal before later adding a third Munster medal to his collection. Cork reached the All-Ireland final once again, however, this time they were victorious against Mayo with Davis winning his first senior All-Ireland medal. Davis was honoured by being presented with an All-Star award. In 1990 Cork captured another Munster and a second consecutive All-Ireland medal.
Three years later in 1993 he won his fourth Munster medal along with his brother Don, who was also a member of the team. In the All-Ireland final Cork played Derry, however, Davis was sent off and Derry subsequently won the game. Davis retired from inter-county football shortly after.
Only player to have won All Ireland medals at Minor, Under 21, Junior, Senior and Club.
Retirement.
In retirement Davis has maintained a strong interest in Gaelic football. He is involved with coaching the Douglas underage teams in Cork. Davis is also a regular contributor on RTÉ’s "The Sunday Game".

</doc>
<doc id="9880300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880300" title="Paul Tanqueray">
Paul Tanqueray

Paul Tanqueray (14 January 1905 - September 1991) was an English photographer.
Tanqueray was born in Littlehampton, Sussex. Tanqueray first became interested in the theatre and photography when he was at Tonbridge School (1920-1923) and won the school's Photographic prize. Through his contact with an ex-pupil of the Tonbridge School Hugh Cecil, Tanqueray began his photographic career as one of his pupils. 
Paul Tanqueray opened his first studio at 139, High Street, Kensington in 1925. As London's then youngest photographer, he was in a perfect position to document an era that had become obsessed with youth and modernism. During this time he employed an ex-Cambridge graduate as his assistant, Cecil Beaton, until Beaton was taken on by Vogue.
Five years of success in Kensington led to a move the more fashionable West End of London at 8, Dover Street, near the Ritz Hotel. Tanqueray's photographs appeared regularly in the weekly Sketch and Tatler and most frequently inside and on the cover of Theatre World. His work, including Ethel Mannin and his 1929 and 1933 portraits of Anna May Wong, was also selected and hung at the annual London Salon of Photography.
During the Second World War Tanqueray worked mainly with Chelsea Home Guard. After the war he re-opened his studio at 30, Thurloe Place in South Kensington, where his 1950's famous images included Elizabeth Seal, Dame Joan Plowright, and actress Claire Bloom.
Tanqueray retired in 1965, and in two tranches donated his prints in 1975, and his negatives in 1983 to the National Portrait Gallery. Tanqueray died in September 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9880325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880325" title="Wawrzyniec Żuławski">
Wawrzyniec Żuławski

Wawrzyniec Jerzy Żuławski (14 February 1916 in Zakopane – 18 August 1957 in the Alps), also known as "Wawa", was a Polish alpinist, educator, composer, music critic, and musicologist. He was a professor of Państwowa Wyższa Szkoła Muzyczna in Warsaw. Żuławski was an initiator and organiser of Polish alpinism. During World War II he was a member of Armia Krajowa and was a soldier during the Warsaw Uprising.
Żuławski published music reviews in "Ruch Muzyczny", "Express Wieczorny", "Nowa Kultura". He also composed orchestral, chamber, piano and vocal pieces.
He was one of the leading Polish alpinists. He died on Mont Blanc during a rescue action in 1957.
Notable works.
Books.
Żuławski was an author of several mountain related books:

</doc>
<doc id="9880326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880326" title="Shaab Ibb SCC">
Shaab Ibb SCC

Shaab Ibb Sports and Cultural Club () is a Yemeni football club based in Ibb. The club was established in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9880328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880328" title="Ron Anderson (ice hockey, born 1945)">
Ron Anderson (ice hockey, born 1945)

Ronald Chester Goings Anderson (born July 29, 1945) is a former Canadian ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings, St. Louis Blues, and Buffalo Sabres. He also played in the World Hockey Association with the Alberta/Edmonton Oilers. On October 11, 1972, he scored the first goal in WHA history.
In his NHL career, Anderson played in 251 games, scoring 28 goals and adding 30 assists. He played in 92 WHA games, scoring 19 goals and adding 17 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="9880360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880360" title="Hosjö Church">
Hosjö Church

Hosjö Church (Swedish: "Hosjö kyrka") is a congregational church for the Hosjö Congregation, in Falun, Sweden. 
The building.
Hosjö Church was built in 1663 and consists of a little red wooden building with a tower. Its initial status was a chapel belonging to Vika Church, which was the main church in Vika parish. The chapel became a church in the 1970s. The church is surrounded by a cemetery and a few hundred metres away there is another cemetery and a memorial. In the church's proximity, there is also a rectory, a parish hall, and a number of old pines which are recognised as natural heritage.
The tower originally had a spire on a low onion dome, but at a renovation in 1880 the tower got its current design. In the tower, there are two bells, one major from 1683 and a minor from the 1669.

</doc>
<doc id="9880370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880370" title="Sherwood (EP)">
Sherwood (EP)


</doc>
<doc id="9880375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880375" title="Historical United States Census totals for Sagadahoc County, Maine">
Historical United States Census totals for Sagadahoc County, Maine

This article shows U.S. Census totals for Sagadahoc County, Maine, broken down by municipality, from 1900 to 2000.
Most areas of New England are entirely divided into incorporated municipalities, with no unincorporated territory. In the three northern New England states, however, some unincorporated territory does exist, generally in areas that are very sparsely populated. Maine contains significantly more unincorporated territory than the other states, with the bulk of it in interior and northern counties. Some southern and coastal counties, including Sagadahoc County, also contain smaller amounts of unincorporated territory, however. The unincorporated territory in Sagadahoc County consists of an island in the Kennebec River along the county's eastern edge, adjacent to the towns of Richmond and Bowdoinham, called Swan Island. The island covers about two and a quarter square miles of land. Swan Island was once incorporated as the town of Perkins, and is still sometimes referred to as "Perkins Township". Perkins disincorporated in 1918 due to population loss; its population has not reached double figures in any census since 1930, and it reported no population at all in the 2000 Census. Except for Swan Island, all of Sagadahoc County is incorporated.
There are two types of incorporated municipalities in Maine, towns and cities. The tables below differentiate between towns and cities. For any census, adding up the totals for each town-level municipality, including Perkins, should yield the county total. (Note that, for censuses up through 1910, Perkins was an incorporated town. In that era, Sagadahoc County was entirely divided into incorporated municipalities, following the standard procedure in New England.) 
For more information on the New England municipal system, see New England town.
1900.
County Total: 20,330
1910.
County Total: 18,574
1920.
County Total: 23,021 
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 20 residents.
1930.
County Total: 16,927
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 25 residents.
1940.
County Total: 19,123 
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 5 residents.
1950.
County Total: 20,911
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 9 residents.
1960.
County Total: 22,793
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 3 residents.
1970.
County Total: 23,452
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 4 residents.
1980.
County Total: 28,795
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 2 residents.
1990.
County Total: 33,535
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported 6 residents.
2000.
County Total: 35,214
Unorganized territory (the former town of Perkins) reported no residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9880379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880379" title="Serendipities">
Serendipities

Serendipities: Language and Lunacy (originally published in English, translated by William Weaver) is a 1998 collection of essays by Umberto Eco. Dealing with the history of linguistics and Early Modern concepts of a perfect language, the material in the book overlaps with "La ricerca della lingua perfetta". As Eco explains it in his preface, serendipity is the positive outcome of some ill conceived idea.
In "Chapter 1", based on a 1994 lecture held at Bologna University, Eco introduces his thesis about consequences of erroneous beliefs.
"Chapter 2" contains essentially the same material as chapters 1 and 3 of "La ricerca della lingua perfetta", while "Chapter 3" is a 
reworking of its chapters 7 and 14(5). "Chapters 4" and "5" have been published as essays in honor of Luigi Rosiello and deal with "La Terre Australe connue" by Gabriel de Foigny and Joseph de Maistre's views as exposed in his "Soirees de Saint Petersbourg".

</doc>
<doc id="9880382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880382" title="Dănești, Harghita">
Dănești, Harghita

Dăneşti ( or colloquially "Dánfalva", Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. The commune is composed of a single village, Dăneşti. It also included Mădăraş until 2002, when it was split off to form a separate commune.
History.
It was first recorded in 1567 as "Danffalwa" and in 1576 as "Dánfalva". Its name derives from the Hungarian and means 'Daniel's village' using the archaic Hungarian form of the name. Until 1919, its Romanian name used to be Danfalău, which was then Romanianized to the current official name.
Until 1779, villagers were engaged in the operation of iron hammers, but in the 19th century it became a potters' village. Today, it has a black pottery factory. The village provided servicemen for the 7th Company of 1st Székely Infantry Regiment until 1851. Wood processing, animal-breeding and transportation were the main preoccupation of the villagers.
The village administratively belonged to Csíkszék district in the Kingdom of Hungary until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when it fell within Csík County. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, the village, like the rest of Tranylvania, became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the village was held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the village became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the village fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Geography.
It is located 21 km north of the county seat where the Köd Brook enters the Olt River. The commune is cut by the road E 578 and a railway line. Its natural resources: iron ore, mercury, kaolin, cinnabar, mineral water.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 2,291 of which 99.04% or 2,269 are Hungarian.
Notable people.
The following notable people were born here:
Twinning.
The commune is twinned with

</doc>
<doc id="9880387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880387" title="Pendil Novices' Chase">
Pendil Novices' Chase

The Pendil Novices' Chase is a Grade 2 National Hunt chase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Kempton Park over a distance of about 2 miles and 4½ furlongs (4,124 metres), and during its running there are sixteen fences to be jumped. The race is for novice chasers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late February.
The event is named after Pendil, a dual-winner of Kempton's King George VI Chase in the 1970s. It used to be named after an earlier "King George" winner, Galloway Braes. For a period the Galloway Braes Novices' Chase was contested over 2 miles, and it was extended to 2½ miles in 1990. It was renamed and increased to its present length in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9880391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880391" title="Sweet Right Here">
Sweet Right Here

Sweet Right Here is the third studio album of country music trio SHeDAISY. It was released on June 8, 2004. It peaked at 16 on the Billboard 200 chart and at number 2 on the Country Albums Chart on June 26, 2004. This album has received Gold certification by the RIAA for shipment of over 500,000 copies.
The singles from this album, "Passenger Seat", "Come Home Soon", and "Don't Worry 'bout a Thing", reached numbers 12, 14, and 7, respectively, on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. Pop girl group Girl Authority covered "Don't Worry 'bout a Thing" for their debut 2006 album.

</doc>
<doc id="9880398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880398" title="Solomon Andargachew">
Solomon Andargachew

Solomon Melkamu Andargachew (am፡ሰሎሞን መልካሙ አንዳርጋቸው, born 28 October 1981 in Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian football defender. He currently plays for Al Sha'ab Ibb.
Career.
International career.
Andargachew is a member of the Ethiopia national football team. He also was a member of the Ethiopia squad at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Cup. In the that tournament in Argentina he had scored the most goals for his team and was about the 13th highest scorer in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9880407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880407" title="Samuel Thornton (MP)">
Samuel Thornton (MP)

Samuel Thornton (6 November 1754 – 3 July 1838) was one of the sons of John Thornton, a leading merchant in the Russian and Baltic trade, and was a director of the Bank of England for 53 years and Governor (1799–1801). He had earlier served as its Deputy Governor. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Kingston upon Hull (with William Wilberforce in 1784) from 1784 to 1806 and for Surrey from 1807 to 1812. He and was a member of the Committee for the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts.
As MP for Kingston he was painted by
Karl Anton Hickel in the group portrait "William Pitt addressing the House of Commons on the French Declaration of War, 1793" which still hangs at the National Portrait Gallery.
He bought Albury Manor, Albury, Surrey in 1800, and lived there until 1811. He employed the architect Sir John Soane to improve the property.
During the early 19th century Thornton built housing in the hamlet of Weston Street, a mile to the west of Albury, for the resettlement of villagers removed from cottages in Albury Park, as part of the agricultural improvements.
His brothers Henry Thornton and Robert Thornton were also notable men of their time and MPs. all three were members of the Clapham Sect and lived in adjoining houses in Clapham.

</doc>
<doc id="9880436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880436" title="Tomasz Beksiński">
Tomasz Beksiński

Tomasz Beksiński (26 November 1958 – 24 December 1999) was a popular Polish radio presenter, music journalist and movie translator. He was the son of painter Zdzisław Beksiński. On 24 December 1999 he committed suicide.
Biography.
He was born in Sanok, Poland. Since he was 12 he was interested in music, especially rock music (progressive rock, gothic rock) and horror films. In one of his essays he wrote about how scared he was while watching his first horror movie (The Reptile) in 1970. He admitted it was the first and the last time he felt that way watching a horror film. 
He studied English philology in Katowice.
Career.
Music journalist.
In the late '70s he became a music journalist and was one of the most charismatic Polish radio presenters. It was not a coincidence he chose such a career; he was known to be a music lover, who had an impressive collection of LP-records. He debuted on air in Marek Niedźwiecki's programme in 1982. At the beginning he worked together with Polskie Radio and presented programmes Romantycy muzyki rockowej, and Wieczór płytowy.
He also wrote feature articles and reviews for "Tylko Rock" and "Magazyn muzyczny" magazines. From 1998 he wrote a column "Opowieści z Krypty" in "Tylko Rock" magazine, where his features were published. He also wrote for "Machina" magazine.
Translations.
Tomasz Beksiński was also an English-Polish translator. He translated most of the James Bond and Harry Callahan films and Monty Python's Flying Circus comedy sketches and many other films e.g. "Wild at Heart", "Silence of the Lambs", "Apocalypse Now", "", "Birdy", "Die Hard", "Don't Look Now", "Frankenstein", "Beyond the Poseidon Adventure", "The Swarm", "Someone's watching me!", "Lethal Weapon", "1941", "Pet Semetary", "Reservoir dogs". He also translated some lyrics of Marillion, Iron Maiden, King Crimson, Pink Floyd, The Doors, Joy Division and The Sisters of Mercy.
Suicide.
On 24 December 1999 Tomasz Beksiński committed suicide. Shortly before his death he wrote a feature about modern culture, in which he unambiguously forewarned about his intention. He had showed some inclinations towards suicide much earlier; at the age of 16 he tried to poison himself with sleeping pills.
Trivia.
On 2 November 1988 he survived a plane accident in Rzeszów, in which one person was killed and several others severely injured. He never travelled by plane again.

</doc>
<doc id="9880441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880441" title="Mount Mansfield Electric Railroad">
Mount Mansfield Electric Railroad

The Mount Mansfield Electric Railroad was an intrastate railroad in central Vermont. It ran from Waterbury to Stowe, a distance of approximately .
History.
An electric railroad between Stowe and Waterbury, connecting with the Central Vermont Railway, was authorized by the legislature of Vermont in 1865, 1872, 1888, and 1894. Not until 1897 were sufficient funds raised and construction started. A power plant was built at the south end of the Stowe town, outside of the village, along with a battery house just north of Colbyville village, and service began in 1898. The line operated three passenger cars with baggage areas, two freight motors, a single truck work car which was basically an open-air trolley, and a doubled-ended rotary snowplow. This last saw minimal service, as the unit damaged the track and neighboring structures, and was not effective at the Waterbury end of the railroad due to low current. One of the passenger cars was damaged in a wreck early on and removed from service almost immediately.
Traffic on the line was never heavy, with the primary shipper being the Burt Lumber Company in Stowe, which shipped clapboards and other wood products to the Boston area. Damage from the 1927 hurricane-related flooding was minimal, but traffic declined further in the early 1930s, and the right-of-way was passed to the state of Vermont in 1932, which promptly turned much of the roadbed into the first concrete paved road in the state, Vermont Route 100.
The corporate structure of the MMER remained until 1963, operating trucks which carried goods over the new concrete road from Stowe to the train freight station at Waterbury.
Stations.
An 1897 timetable listed the following stops from south to north:
The Stowe terminus had a covered station in the back of a storefront. That building still stands on the south side of the main street in the village, but has been extensively renovated. Small stations were built at the side road leading to Moscow, Vermont, and in Waterbury Center. There was no station at the Waterbury end of the line, and passengers used the Central Vermont Railroad station (still in existence), and freight was carried to the freight depot. There was an interchange and boxcars and loads of coal made their way over the entire line by use of the freight motors.

</doc>
<doc id="9880482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880482" title="The Grim Game">
The Grim Game

The Grim Game is a 1919 silent film starring Harry Houdini and Ann Forrest. The basic plotline serves as a showcase for Houdini's talent as an escapologist, stunt performer and aviator. 
A five-minute fragment survives in the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House.
Plot.
A gang of men frame Harvey Hanford (Houdini) for murder, and also decide to kidnap his fiancée. Hanford is quickly apprehended by the police and falsely imprisoned for the crime. Shortly afterward, Hanford escapes and pursues the men who framed him. The film unfolds as a series of Houdini's trademark set-piece stunts and escapes - his tormentors chaining him up and imprisoning him on numerous occasions, only for Hanford to escape. The film concludes with a climactic mid-air collision following an aeroplane pursuit. Following the collision, Hanford is reunited with his fiancée.
Accident.
The famous mid-air plane collision was not scripted. It was a real accident caught on film over the skies of Santa Monica, California. Stuntman Robert E. Kennedy was doubling Houdini at the time. Miraculously, no one was killed, and the story was rewritten to incorporate the accident. Publicity was geared heavily toward promoting this dramatic "caught on film" moment, claiming it was Houdini himself dangling from the plane.
Poster.
An original 1919 movie poster from The Grim Game was auctioned by eMoviePoster.com for $67,166 on December 3rd, 2013, a new auction record for any Houdini poster (movie or magic). It was purchased by illusionist David Copperfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9880487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880487" title="Touch and Go (band)">
Touch and Go (band)

Touch and Go is a British jazz-pop musical ensemble. Their most notable singles include "Would You...?", "Straight... to Number One", "So Hot", and "Tango in Harlem".
Career.
In October 1998, "Would You...?", a track marked by its distinctive sampling of a woman's voice saying "I've noticed you around / I find you very attractive / Would you go to bed with me?", reached #3 in the UK Singles Chart. It became a hit in Europe, particularly in Eastern Europe where the ensemble toured extensively. "Would You...?" has been included on such television show soundtracks as the American "G String Divas" and the British series "As If". The track has also been sampled for San Pellegrino, Carlsberg, and Nokia advertisements. The lyrics – with almost identical wording – were originally used as part of a psychological study conducted in 1978.
"Straight... to Number One" was also featured in some advertisements, including one for Apple Computer's iTunes. The song was also featured in the first season of the American version of "Queer As Folk".
Touch and Go were popular in Eastern Europe, especially in Russia, playing some fifty concerts a year. Since 2003, they travelled all major cities in Russia and ex-USSR countries from Moscow to Vladivostok. The band is being represented in the region by IKON exclusively. 
Their record producer, David Lowe, is the composer of all BBC News music since 1998.
On November 13, 2011, they appeared as musical guests on X Factor (Romania).
A new album should come out in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9880528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880528" title="Paul Andrea">
Paul Andrea

Paul Lawrence Andrea (born July 31, 1941 in North Sydney, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian former ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers, Pittsburgh Penguins, California Golden Seals, and Buffalo Sabres. He also played in the World Hockey Association for the Cleveland Crusaders.
In his NHL career, Andrea played in 150 games, scoring 31 goals and adding 49 assists. He played in 135 WHA games, scoring 36 goals and adding 48 assists. He currently lives in North Sydney, Nova Scotia

</doc>
<doc id="9880560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880560" title="Upper Denby">
Upper Denby

 
Upper Denby is a village within the civil parish of Denby Dale, and the borough of Kirklees in West Yorkshire, England. Lying to the South East of Huddersfield, on an east facing slope of the Pennines, it occupies a position 250m (820ft) above sea level. The southern edge of the village is bordered by the Metropolitan borough of Barnsley within the county of South Yorkshire. Although the village is one of the smallest in Kirklees it boasts one pub, a dentist, a church and cricket pitch. Upper Denby also features a first school Denby C of E first school which George Eliot attended.
In the 2001 census the population was given as 719 and includes the settlement of High Flatts. [http://www.kirklees.gov.uk/community/statistics/census-by-settlement/KS02settle2003.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="9880564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880564" title="Dead Reckoning (album)">
Dead Reckoning (album)

Dead Reckoning is the eighth studio album (and fifteenth overall) by progressive metal band Threshold. It is their first album since the departure of founding member Nick Midson and the last to feature long time vocalist Andrew "Mac" McDermott. It is also the only one to feature guest vocals (provided by Dan Swanö on two tracks) and their first album on their current label, Nuclear Blast. The song "Pilot in the Sky of Dreams" appeared on the 2008 film soundtrack .
Before settling on the final title, the album had the working title of "Pilot in the Sky of Dreams".
Many of the songs on the album use extensive flight and aviation metaphors. Some of these are conveyed in the titles of the songs (e.g. Slipstream, Pilot in the Sky of Dreams, Safe to Fly). This theme is reinforced by the album's title, a reference to the early aviation practice of dead reckoning as a way of navigating through estimation of a current position based on a past position, a direction, and a speed.

</doc>
<doc id="9880624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880624" title="Fortuneteller's Melody">
Fortuneteller's Melody

"Fortuneteller's Melody" is the fourth studio album of country music trio SHeDAISY. It was released on March 14, 2006. The two singles from "Fortuneteller's Melody", "I'm Taking the Wheel" and "In Terms of Love", reached 22 and 32 on the country charts, respectively, on the country charts. "God Bless the American Housewife" (retitled "God Bless the Canadian Housewife") was released as a single in Canada, where it charted in the Top 20.
The version of the song "God Bless the American Housewife" featured on here is different from the version featured on "Music from and Inspired by Desperate Housewives".
Track listing.
A Titled "God Bless the Canadian Housewife" in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9880647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880647" title="Fort Brooklyn">
Fort Brooklyn

Fort Brooklyn was a British-built large star fort built to support the occupation of Brooklyn during the American Revolutionary War. 
The site was on Brooklyn Heights, near present day Pierrepont and Henry Streets, about four blocks from Fort Stirling. The fort was 450 feet square with ramparts 40 to 50 feet above the bottom of an encircling ditch. 
Each angle had a bastion and there was a substantial barracks and two magazines. After the British evacuation the fort was leveled between 1823 and 1825 for development.

</doc>
<doc id="9880681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880681" title="Fekri Al-Hubaishi">
Fekri Al-Hubaishi

Fekri Al-Hubaishi (born April 18, 1978 in Yemen) is a Yemeni football striker. He currently plays for Al-Saqr. He is a member of the Yemen national football team.
Career.
Fekri Al-Hubaishi started his career in Al Sha'ab Ibb, where he played 7 for seasons. After short spell in Al-Saqr, he returned to his parent club Al Sha'ab Ibb. He achieved the title of ligue top scorer in 2009.
Honours.
Club.
Al-Sha'ab Ibb'
Al-Saqr'

</doc>
<doc id="9880694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880694" title="Alliance for a Democratic Mauritania">
Alliance for a Democratic Mauritania

The Alliance for a Democratic Mauritania (French, "Alliance pour une Mauritanie démocratique", AMD) was a Mauritanian clandestine opposition movement.
The AMD was organized in May 1980, around former President Moktar Ould Daddah, after he had gone into exile in Paris, France, following the 1978 coup d'état that overthrew him; and former military leader Col. Mustafa Ould Salek.
It demanded a multi-party democracy in Mauritania, although the regime countered that Ould Daddah had in fact presided over a single-party state, and Ould Salek over a junta. The movement enjoyed support from Morocco and pro-Moroccan states in the Gulf region, and at the very least, it was allowed to organize in France. The formation of the AMD took place in the context of the Western Sahara war,which Ould Daddah (and to a lesser extent Ould Salek)[http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+mr0036) had fought in alliance with Morocco, but from which the present leader, Col. Mohamed Khouna Ould Heidallah, had withdrawn.[http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+mr0037)][http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+mr0035)][http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+mr0038)]
On March 18, 1981, the AMD organized a coup d'état of its own against Heidallah's CMSN junta, but the action failed. Some of the responsible in Mauritania were arrested, and subsequently executed.[http://dspace.dial.pipex.com/suttonlink/328mt.html][http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9A06E7DE1F39F93AA25757C0A967948260&n=Top%2fNews%2fWorld%2fCountries%20and%20Territories%2fMauritania][http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+mr0038)]
This prompted Heidallah to seek closer relations with the Western Saharan Polisario Front, and with its backer and Morocco's main rival in the region, Algeria.[http://www.country-data.com/cgi-bin/query/r-8576.html][http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+mr0114)]

</doc>
<doc id="9880698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880698" title="Symphony No. 36 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 36 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 36 in B-flat major, Perger 28, Sherman 36, MH 475, written in Salzburg in 1788, is the last B-flat major symphony he wrote, the third of his final set of six symphonies.
Scored for 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani and strings. It is perhaps the first symphony in B-flat major to use trumpets and drums, something which is thought to have been pioneered by Joseph Haydn (see Symphony No. 98). This symphony is in three movements:
The first movement, in sonata form, has for its first theme one of Haydn's most triadic themes, with the first violins not playing a note outside of the tonic chord until bar 13.
The second theme (starting at bar 40) is by contrast extremely scalar, moving primarily in seconds. The development uses a new theme to lead back to the recapitulation.
Unlike Haydn's other slow movements in symphonies with trumpets and timpani, the timpani are not silent in this one (see Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 88). Bassoons and oboes take turns doubling the first violins on the melody.
The melody is for the most part entrusted to the first violins, but the first bassoon often doubles it an octave below (while the second bassoon sticks to the usual duty of doubling the cello line in unison).
The third movement, a rondo, features dramatic contrasts of piano and forte in its main theme.
Discography.
Like the other symphonies of the 1788 set of six, this one is in the CPO disc with Johannes Goritzki conducting the New German Chamber Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="9880707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880707" title="Logarithmic spiral beaches">
Logarithmic spiral beaches

A logarithmic spiral beach is a type of beach which develops in the direction under which it is sheltered by a headland, in an area called the shadow zone. It is characterized as a logarithmic spiral because if you look at it in plan view or aerially, it represents the same shape that is created from the logarithmic spiral function. These beaches are also commonly referred to as ‘half heart’ or ‘crenulate’ shaped bays, or ‘headland bays’.
Logarithmic spiral function.
The logarithmic spiral can be determined using the equation (written in polar coordinates):
r = eθcotα
where:
θ = the angle of rotation, is located between two lines drawn from the origin to any two points on the spiral.
r = the ratio of the lengths between two lines that extend out from the origin. The two lines are given as RO and R.
So r also equals the ratio R/RO.
α = the angle between any line R from the origin and the line tangent to the spiral which is at the point where line R intersects the spiral.
α is a constant for any given logarithmic spiral.
Spiral development.
This type of beach forms due to the refraction of approaching waves and their diffraction by an upcoast headland. The approaching wave front curves as a result of wave diffraction at the headland, which in turn causes the shoreline to bend and yield a log spiral shape. Log spiral beaches are often on swell-dominated coasts where waves generally approach the shoreline from one main direction at an oblique angle. The oblique approaching waves refract and diffract into the "shadow zone" which can be considered a relatively sheltered hook of beach behind the headland. Increase in sediment size, wave height, berm height, and swash zone gradient from the up coast headland generally characterizes the concave seaward curved part of the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="9880726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880726" title="Wooddale Church">
Wooddale Church

Wooddale Church is a large multi-campus evangelical Christian church located in Eden Prairie, Minnesota and Edina, Minnesota. The large success of Wooddale Church led to the formation of many other similar churches in Minnesota. Today, Wooddale Church is affiliated with the Converge Worldwide (Baptist General Conference) as well as the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference.
History.
Wooddale Church was founded in 1943 at an organizational meeting in a former Minneapolis tavern. That meeting led to a Sunday School and morning and evening church services on April 12, 1943. The original congregation adopted the name “The Wayside Chapel.” Until January 1, 1949 students from the Northwestern Bible School and Bethel College and Seminary actively led the small church.
The congregation adopted the name "The Wayside Chapel," and for the first six years the church was run by students and faculty of Northwestern Bible School and Bethel College and Seminary.
On January 1, 1949, John D. Lundberg became the pastor of the church. During the early part of 1949 the church made plans to reorganize as a Baptist church because of a desire to affiliate with other churches and because of the need for financial assistance. The congregation affiliated itself with the Baptist General Conference.
On June 12, 1949, the church officially became Wooddale Baptist Church of Richfield. There were 32 charter members. That same month, the church broke ground for a permanent church building, albeit just a basement, which would be occupied November 13, 1949.
The church continued to grow and by 1954 the Sunday School had grown to an average attendance of 238. This led to further construction of a Christian Education space.
In the fall of 1955 Lundberg left to take a new position in Florida. In April 1955, Paul Thompson became the new pastor. He began his ministry on July 1, 1956. On February 1, 1957, Pastor Paul Thompson died from injuries received in an automobile accident. In May 1957, Peter Unruh became the senior pastor.
Continued growth led to duplicate Sunday morning worship services and plans for construction of new facilities which were ready for use September 13, 1959. In 1962 the church began having duplicate Sunday morning services again and began planning for additional expansion, completed on September 27, 1964.
On January 1, 1977, Leith Anderson began his ministry at Wooddale. Anderson retired as senior pastor on December 31, 2011. During Anderson's tenure, Wooddale expanded in size, relocated from Richfield to Eden Prairie and began multiple styles of Worship.
Dale Hummel is the senior pastor of Wooddale as of August 1, 2013. Dale has committed his life to reaching people with the Good News of Jesus Christ and seeing lives transformed. Dale has served in several churches of various evangelical denominations. Prior to coming to Wooddale, he was senior pastor of The Compass Church in Naperville, IL.
Dale received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Bible and Theology from St. Paul Bible College (now Crown College), his Master of Divinity degree at Ashland Theological Seminary and his Doctor of Ministry degree from Trinity Theological Seminary.
Present locations.
Eden Prairie campus.
In 1981 the church purchased of undeveloped land in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, a nine-mile (14 km) move. It was at this time the church was renamed "Wooddale Church". Construction on the new site began in the fall of 1983 was partially occupied in July 1984 and finished and fully occupied in November 1985.
On October 30, 1988 construction started on a new , 2000-seat worship center, complete with pipe organ and a steeple (to avoid the need for a beacon light on the top), and was finished in November 1990.
The continued growth of the Church meant that more space was needed. In 1995, construction began to provide new classrooms for the church’s youth programs and office space for the expanding staff. In March 2000 a addition was dedicated.
In the fall of 2000 the worship schedule was expanded to six services each weekend with a contemporary service on Saturday evening, and three contemporary services and two traditional services on Sunday morning. Attendance was soon averaging well over 4,000 each weekend, with about 2,000 children, youth and adults in Sunday School.
As a performance venue for symphony orchestras the hall has been praised for its "bright, warm acoustics.
The campus continues to grow with average weekly worship attendance of approximately 5,000 people.
Edina campus.
On November 16, 2008, Wooddale expanded to a 2nd campus located in Edina, Minnesota. Ironically, this campus is located on Wooddale Avenue. Worship services including exceptional music, as well as children's programming, are held weekly on the campus. It is a family-focused campus, that is unique to the community, centered on great teaching from the Bible.
Denominational affiliation.
Wooddale Church is a member of both the Baptist General Conference as well as the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference. It is listed as a member congregation on both denomination's websites.
Expansion to other suburbs.
Concurrent with the building expansion of the early '90s, and consistent with its focus on outreach, Wooddale Church began an aggressive program to start new churches, with Wooddalers recruited as a part of the founding core of each church start.

</doc>
<doc id="9880750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880750" title="United States Naval Forces Central Command">
United States Naval Forces Central Command

United States Naval Forces Central Command (NAVCENT) is the United States Navy element of United States Central Command (USCENTCOM). Its area of responsibility includes the Red Sea, Gulf of Oman, Persian Gulf, and Arabian Sea. It consists of the United States Fifth Fleet and several other subordinate task forces, including Combined Task Force 150, Combined Task Force 158 and others. 
Navy Persian Gulf operations 1945-71.
The Navy's post-World War II operations in the Persian Gulf began in 1948 when a series of U.S. task groups, led by the , the , and Task Force 128 led by the visited the Persian Gulf. On 20 January 1948, Commander-in-Chief, Northeastern Atlantic and Mediterranean, Admiral Conolly, created Task Force 126 to supervise the large number of Navy fleet oilers and chartered tankers picking up oil in the Persian Gulf. By June 1949, the Task Force had become Persian Gulf Forces and on 16 August 1949 Persian Gulf Forces became Middle East Force.
In October 1948, Hydrographic Survey Group 1 arrived to help map the Persian Gulf's waters. Consisting of , , USS "John Blish", and USS "Littlehales", the Group remained in the Persian Gulf until April 1949, but their efforts were limited by weather, logistics support and upkeep.
In 1971, when Bahrain achieved full independence, the U.S. Navy leased part of the former British base HMS "Juffair", originally established in 1935. It was renamed it Administrative Support Unit, Bahrain. The name was changed to Naval Support Activity, Bahrain in 1999, to reflect its broader support role. 
Naval Forces Central Command from 1983.
The command was established on 1 January 1983 along with the rest of U.S. Central Command, and command of NAVCENT was initially given to a flag officer selectee based at Pearl Harbor and tasked with coordinating administrative and logistical support for U.S. naval forces in the Persian Gulf. Rear Admiral (lower half) Stan Arthur, the first ComUSNAVCENT, served simultaneously as the Commander-in-Chief, Pacific Fleet, Plans Officer during his first year in the position. An actual flag officer deployed to the region known as Commander, Middle East Force (COMMIDEASTFOR), retained operational control of U.S. naval forces in the Persian Gulf and effectively served as USCENTCOM's "de facto" naval component commander.
Following the initial establishment of U.S. Central Command, the boundary between USCENTCOM and U.S. Pacific Command (USPACOM) was the Strait of Hormuz. To direct forces of multiple services operating over the boundary, Joint Task Force Middle East was established on 20 September 1987. It was soon obvious that JTF-ME and the Middle East Force were directing much the same operations, and a single dual-hatted naval commander, Commander, Middle Eastern Force (COMMIDEASTFOR), was appointed by February 1988. U.S. Naval Forces Central Command took part in Operation Earnest Will in 1986-1987 and supported Army special operations helicopters conducting Operation Prime Chance. Operation Praying Mantis followed later.
In August 1990, Captain Robert Sutton USN, who had been selected for promotion to Rear Admiral (lower half), was serving as ComUSNAVCENT. The first Central Command operations order for Desert Shield, issued on 10 August 1990, reflected the Pearl Harbour/MIDEASTFOR split and split the tasks between the two organisations, but, 'most likely,' Pokrant writes, 'Schwarzkopf had already decided to do things differently.' As Pokrant recounts, in a meeting on 6 August 1990, the Central Command plans chief, Rear Admiral Grant Sharp, had advised Schwarzkopf to have a fleet commander assigned to CENTCOM to control the extensive naval forces that would deploy. Schwarzkopf discussed the issue with Commander-in-Chief, Pacific Command, Admiral Huntington Hardisty. It was agreed that the Commander, U.S. Seventh Fleet (COMSEVENTHFLT) staff, under Vice Admiral Hank Mauz, would be despatched to command in the Middle East and, tentatively, the Commander, U.S. Third Fleet staff would be earmarked to replace them in six months.
Mauz, his staff, and his flagship, , were all located at Yokosuka, Japan, their normal homeport. 
To speed the process of taking over command, Mauz obtained permission from Hardisty to fly immediately to Diego Garcia aboard a VIP-configured P-3 Orion, 'Peter Rabbit,' with key members of his staff. The rest of the command group would steam to the Persian Gulf aboard "Blue Ridge." When Mauz was cleared to proceed from Diego Garcia to Bahrain, he expected to land and have some days to familiarise himself with the situation before taking over command of NAVCENT from Rear Admiral Fogerty. However, on landing he found a message from Schwarzkopf ordering him to assume command immediately.
From 1 January 1991, the six carriers deployed were divided into Battle Force Yankee (two carriers, including "Saratoga," in the Red Sea under Rear Admiral Riley Mixson, Commander, Carrier Group Two) and Task Force 154, Battle Force Zulu (four carriers in the AS/PG under Rear Admiral Daniel P. March, Commander, Carrier Group Five). TF 150 was Vice Admiral Henry H. Mauz, Jr. himself, TF 151 the Middle East Force, TG 150.3 Naval Logistics Suppoert Force (Rear Admiral Bob Sutton), and TF 156 the amphibious force. 
Since ComUSNAVCENT operated from onboard ship, he established NAVCENT-Riyadh as a staff organization to provide continuous Navy representation at CENTCOM headquarters. This mission was assigned initially to Commander, Carrier Group Three (COMCARGRU 3). During succeeding months, the NAVCENT-Riyadh staff was augmented substantially but remained small, relative to the ARCENT and CENTAF staffs. In November, the NAVCENT-Riyadh command was transferred from COMCARGRU 3 to Commander, Cruiser Destroyer Group 5. This change resulted in the Navy flag officer at NAVCENT Riyadh's remaining relatively junior to other Service representatives, particularly CENTAF. This imbalance in size and seniority between the Navy and other staffs, coupled with the geographic separation with NAVCENT headquarters, made it difficult for NAVCENT-Riyadh to represent the interests of the Navy in the overall coordination and planning efforts.
On 24 April 1991, Vice Admiral Arthur turned over command of NAVCENT to Rear Admiral Ray Taylor, Fogerty's replacement as Commander, Middle East Force, and Arthur and "Blue Ridge" began their voyage back to the Pacific. Two months earlier, Rear Admiral Taylor had submitted thoughts on the reorientation of the NAVCENT command structure to Schwarzkopf following an earlier direction from Admiral Arthur. The proposal, which was modified in the staffing process, eventually meant that the one-staff ComUSNAVCENT in Hawaii was upgraded to a two-star appointment co-located with Central Command headquarters in Tampa, Florida. Rear Admiral David Rogers became the first two-star Navy representative in Tampa when he relieved Rear Admiral Sutton.
Although COMSEVENTHFLT held command responsibility during this period, no numbered fleet existed permanently within the USCENTCOM area of responsibility during the first Gulf War and for the next four years thereafter. By July 1995, a new numbered fleet was deemed necessary by the senior U.S. Navy leadership, and after a 48-year hiatus, the U.S. Fifth Fleet was reactivated, replacing COMMIDEASTFOR. Dual-hatted as COMUSNAVCENT as the naval component command of USCENTCOM, the same Vice Admiral (and his staff) as Commander, U.S. Fifth Fleet (COMFIFTHFLT) now directs naval operations in the Persian Gulf, Red Sea, and the Arabian Sea. The combined COMUSNAVCENT/COMFIFTHFLT headquarters is located at NSA Bahrain in Manama, Bahrain. The command oversees both afloat and shore-based units that rotationally deploy or surge from the United States, plus a few smaller surface ships that are based in the Gulf for longer periods. Ships rotationally deploy to the U.S. Fifth Fleet from the Pacific and Atlantic Fleets.
Combined Maritime Forces.
In February 2002 the Combined Maritime Forces was also established as an embedded activity to provide coordinated Coalition operations in the area of operations. It is an international naval partnership that provides security for civilian maritime traffic by conducting counter-piracy and counter-terrorism missions in the heavily trafficked waters of the Middle East, Africa and South Asia, including the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf, the Gulf of Aden, Arabian Sea and the wider Indian Ocean.
CMF's personnel and ships are drawn from 26 nations and are organized into three principal task forces:
After the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States, Commander, Task Force 150, previously a single-nation U.S. formation, was made into a multinational effort as Combined Task Force 150 (HOA MIO Force), and was given a renewed focus on maritime security and counter-terrorism. It was established on February 3, 2002, by Vice Admiral Charles W. Moore. Over time, it became increasingly involved in combating the rising incidence of piracy in Somalia.
Combined Task Force 151 was established in January 2009 by Vice Admiral William E. Gortney specifically to address counter-piracy operations.
Operating alongside CTF 151 and Operation Ocean Shield are other national deployments such as the People's Liberation Army Navy, most recently with CTF 526 aboard the Type 054 frigate "Wenzhou."

</doc>
<doc id="9880752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880752" title="Inversion (geology)">
Inversion (geology)

In structural geology inversion or basin inversion relates to the relative uplift of a sedimentary basin or similar structure as a result of crustal shortening. This normally excludes uplift developed in the footwalls of later extensional faults, or uplift caused by mantle plumes. "Inversion" can also refer to individual faults, where an extensional fault is reactivated in the opposite direction to its original movement.
The term "negative inversion" is also occasionally used to describe the reactivation of reverse faults and thrusts during extension.
The term "inversion" simply refers to the fact that a relatively low-lying area is uplifted — the rock sequence itself is not normally inverted.
Formation.
Many inversion structures are caused by the direct reactivation of pre-existing extensional faults. In some cases only the deeper parts of the fault are reactivated and the shortening is accommodated over a much broader area in the shallow part of the section. The existing fault block still generally acts as a boundary to the uplift and the process is sometimes known as "buttressing".
The likelihood of fault reactivation depends on the dip of the existing fault plane. Lower angle faults are more favourable as the resolved shear stress on the plane is higher. When a listric fault, which increases in dip upwards, reactivates the uppermost part of the fault may be too steep and new reverse faults typically develop in the footwall of the existing fault. These are known as "footwall shortcuts".
Varieties of Formation.
Inversion tectonics is recognised to form as a result of: <br>
1 Regional temporal variations in stress patterns within plates, resulting from forces caused by changes in plate boundary configuration, the blocking of subduction zones by buoyant crust (collision) and changes in relative motion at nearby plate boundaries.
2 Global, episodic, intraplate, stress changes from deviatoric compression during the collisional assembly of Pangaea-type continental configurations to deviatoric tension in assembled configurations to deviatoric compression in dispersed configurations. Inversions are commonly associated with rifted margin breakup unconformities caused by the transition from rift-phase tension to ridge push compression.
3 Local inversion in strike-slip rhombohedral pull-aparts as a natural consequence of alternating phases of transtension with negative flower structure and transpression with positive flower structure.
4 Complex alternating phases of extension and shortening at the margins of upper crustal rotational flakes in strike-slip zones.
5 Progressive diminution of the ratio of crustal to lithospheric thickness during slow extension causing whole basin uplift.
6 Uplift on lithospheric flexural arches and hotspots.
7 Body force mechanisms including salt mud diapirism, salt/mud decollement tectonics, gravity spreading, sliding and consequent relaying of heel extension to toe thrusting.
8 Inversion of strong negative isostatic gravity anomalies in confined deep basins caused by upper crustal stretching. Critical to whether a basin becomes inverted are, also, the timing of a compression phase relative to the initial basin-forming extensional event and the extensional strain rate. Short extensioncompression intervals and high extensional strain rates facilitate basin inversion. Inversion may be prevented by long intervals and low strain rates.
Economic importance.
Anticlinal structures formed by inversion provide traps in many of the world's hydrocarbon provinces. The nature of inversion means that reservoir units often thicken and may increase in quality within the basin that is later inverted (e.g. the Ormen Lange gas field offshore mid-Norway).

</doc>
<doc id="9880761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880761" title="Dairsie">
Dairsie

Dairsie, or Osnaburgh, is a village in north-east Fife, Scotland. It is south-southwest of Leuchars Junction, and east-northeast of Cupar on the A91 Stirling to St Andrews road. The village grew out of two smaller settlements (called Dairsiemuir and Osnaburgh), and developed principally around the industry of weaving. Since the late twentieth century it has become a dormitory settlement for nearby towns.
The village may have derived its name of Osnaburgh from weaving osnaburg, a coarse linen or cotton, originally imported from Osnabrück in Germany.
Historic buildings.
Dairsie Bridge, south of the village, dates from the early sixteenth century, although it has been modified since. Nearby Dairsie Castle (now restored) dates from the early seventeenth century, and was briefly the residence of John Spottiswoode (1565-1639), Archbishop of St Andrews. King James VI stayed at Dairsie Castle following his escape from the Raid of Ruthven in June 1583.
St Mary's Church was built by Archbishop Spottiswoode in 1621. The church is some distance from the village and ceased to be used for worship in 1966. It is now in private hands, and the parish worshippers use the former St Leonard's Church in the village. The congregation is united with St John's Church in Cupar. 
Local businesses include a small Village Shop and Post Office, a Petrol Station and Garage (also selling second hand vehicles) and The Dairise Inn currently trading as Rumbledethumps Restaurant. 
It has a small locals bar, a conservatory restaurant and a small function room / additional restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="9880779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880779" title="Truss (Unix)">
Truss (Unix)

truss is a system tool available on some Unix-like operating systems. When invoked with an additional executable command-line argument, truss makes it possible to print out the system calls made by and the signals received by this executable command-line argument. As of version , truss is not part of the Single UNIX Specification (POSIX).

</doc>
<doc id="9880781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880781" title="Twelve Apostles (disambiguation)">
Twelve Apostles (disambiguation)

The Twelve Apostles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9880793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880793" title="Akram Al-Worafi">
Akram Al-Worafi

Akram Al-Worafi (born November 12, 1986 in Yemen) is a Yemeni football midfielder.
Honours.
Club.
Al-Sha'ab Ibb'

</doc>
<doc id="9880801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880801" title="Emergency (disambiguation)">
Emergency (disambiguation)

An emergency is a situation requiring urgent assistance.
Emergency may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9880808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880808" title="Impure Blood (film)">
Impure Blood (film)

Impure Blood (Serbian: Нечиста крв, "Nečista krv") is a 1996 film adaptation of the "Impure Blood" novel written by Borisav Stanković. It is concerned with themes of Serbian south, in the reforming in late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9880820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880820" title="Symphony No. 28 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 28 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 28 in C major, Opus 1 No. 2, Perger 19, Sherman 28, MH 384, was written in Salzburg in 1784, was the third in the set of the only three symphonies of Haydn's published in his lifetime. The publisher, Artaria, also published several of Joseph Haydn's symphonies.
Scored for 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani and strings. In three movements:
This is the first of Haydn's symphonies to conclude with the kind of fugato "that Haydn introduced in several of his late symphonies and which so clearly forecast Wolfgang Mozart's procedures in the "Jupiter" Symphony." (Sherman, 1988)
Charles Sherman based his 1988 edition of the score for Ludwig Doblinger on the Artaria edition but compared it with a Breitkopf & Hartel score of 1895 and manuscript parts from the Kroměříž castle in Moravia.

</doc>
<doc id="9880827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880827" title="Jean Armand de Maillé-Brézé">
Jean Armand de Maillé-Brézé

Jean Armand de Maillé-Brézé, Duke of Fronsac, Marquis of Brézé (18 October 1619 – 14 June 1646) was a French admiral.
He was born in Milly-le-Meugon, in one of the most powerful French families of the time; his father was Urbain de Maillé-Brézé, marquis de Brézé, Marshal of France, his uncle Cardinal Richelieu, King Louis XIII's renowned minister, and his brother-in-law, Louis II de Bourbon, Prince de Condé, (better known as the "le Grand Condé"), was the First Prince of the Blood.
Thanks to his uncle, at the age of seventeen, he received the title of "grand-maître de la navigation" (Grand-master of Navigation), a new title created by King Louis XIII for Cardinal Richelieu and equivalent to Grand Admiral of France.
One of the leading figures in the Eighty Years' War, he defeated the Spanish fleet near Cadiz (20 July 1640), and then seized Villafranca. In 1641, he arrived in Portugal to help in the Portuguese Restoration War against Spain. In 1642, he fought an indecisive action against the Spanish forces near Barcelona, and nearly completely destroyed their fleet near Cartagena on 3 July 1643. He was killed on 16 June 1646, during the Battle of Orbetello, where his fleet was defeated.
His remains were buried in the church of Milly le Meugon, abutted to the castle walls.
Honours.
Three ships were named in his honor: see French ship "Maillé Brézé"

</doc>
<doc id="9880833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880833" title="The Tell-Tale Heart (1960 film)">
The Tell-Tale Heart (1960 film)

The Tell-Tale Heart is a 1960 British horror film directed by Ernest Morris produced by The Danzigers. The screenplay by Brian Clemens and Eldon Howard is a loose adaptation of the 1843 short story of the same title by Edgar Allan Poe. 
Plot.
Edgar Marsh, a shy librarian obsessed with erotica, becomes infatuated with his neighbor Betty Clare when he sees her undressing in her bedroom. He invites her to dinner, and although she clearly is uncomfortable with the attention he pays her, he showers her with jewelry and fantasizes about their future. Complications arise when he introduces her to his friend Carl Loomis, whom Betty finds far more attractive and appealing. In order to eliminate the competition, Edgar bludgeons Carl to death with a poker and buries him beneath the floorboards in his piano room. His overwhelming guilt leads him to believe a ticking metronome and the incessant dripping of a faucet actually are the sound of his victim's heart still beating. 
Production.
Around this time the typical budget of the Danzigers' feature film was ₤15,000. This cost a little more due to its period setting and necessitated shooting in black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="9880871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880871" title="John Costello (baseball)">
John Costello (baseball)

John Reilly Costello (born December 24, 1960 in Bronx, New York) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the St. Louis Cardinals (-), Montreal Expos () and San Diego Padres (). He batted and threw right-handed.
In a four-season career, Costello posted an 11-6 record with a 2.97
ERA and four saves in 119 games pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="9880877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880877" title="Dorothy Good">
Dorothy Good

Dorothy Good (historically referred to as Dorcas Good) (ca. 1687 or 1688 – ?) was the daughter of William Goode and Sarah (Solart Poole) Goode. Both Dorothy and her mother were accused of practicing witchcraft in Salem at the very beginning of the Salem witch trials in 1692. Only four years old at the time, she was interrogated by the local magistrates and confessed to being a witch, and claimed that she had seen her mother consorting with the devil.
Mary Walcott and Ann Putnam Jr. claimed she was deranged, and repeatedly bit them as if she were an animal. Dorothy, incorrectly written as "Dorcas" on the warrant for her arrest, received a brief hearing in which the accusers repeatedly complained of bites on their arms. She was then convicted and sent to jail, becoming at age five the youngest person to be jailed during the Salem Witch Trials. Two days later, she was visited by Salem officials. She claimed she owned a snake—given to her by her mother—that talked to her and sucked blood from her finger. The officials took this to mean it was her "familiar," which is defined as a witch’s spiritual servant.
Dorothy was in custody for nearly 9 months, from March 24, 1692, when she was arrested until she was released on bond for £50 on December 10, 1692. She was never indicted or tried, although her imprisonment led to insanity, from which she later recovered.
Her examinations by the magistrates were conducted on March 24, 25, and 26, according to Rev. Deodat Lawson: 
The Magistrates and Ministers also did informe me, that they apprehended a child of Sarah G. and Examined it, being between 4 and 5 years of Age And as to matter of Fact, they did Unanimously affirm, that when this Child, did but cast its eye upon the afflicted persons, they were tormented, and they held her Head, and yet so many as her eye could fix upon were afflicted. Which they did several times make careful observation of : the afflicted complained, they had often been Bitten by this child, and produced the marks of a small set of teeth, accordingly, this was also committed to Salem Prison; the child looked hail, and well as other Children. I saw it at Lievt. Ingersols After the commitment of Goode. N. Tho: Putmans wife was much better, and had no violent fits at all from that 24th of March to the 5th of April. Some others also said they had not seen her so frequently appear to them, to hurt them...
On the 26th of March, Mr. Hathorne, Mr. Corwin, and Mr. Higison were at the Prison-Keepers house to examine the Child. The child told them there, it had a little Snake that used to Suck on the lowest Joint of her Fore-Finger. When they inquired where, pointing to other places, The child told them, not there, but there, pointing on the Lowest point of the Fore-Finger ; where they observed a deep Red Spot, about the Bigness of a Flea-bite 
Dorothy had a younger sister, Mercy Good, who was born to Sarah Good after her arrest and died shortly after birth, probably from malnourishment and the harsh conditions of imprisonment.
"Dorothy" v. "Dorcas".
Good's first name was incorrectly written as "Dorcas" by Magistrate John Hathorne on the warrant for her arrest dated March 23, 1692, but was correctly called "Dorothy" everywhere else in the legal records. Deodat Lawson's accounts of her examinations never mention her first name, but later writers, such as Charles W. Upham in his influential book "Salem Witchcraft" (1867), repeated the initial error from the arrest warrant and she has subsequently come to be referred to by the wrong name.

</doc>
<doc id="9880886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880886" title="The Heart">
The Heart

The Heart was a music channel on XM Satellite Radio that specialized in playing soft AC love songs. It was available on channel 23 on XM and channel 819 on DirecTV. The program director of The Heart was Mike Abrams. The channel was dropped as part of the Sirius/XM merger on November 12, 2008. It was replaced by Sirius's similar The Bridge and Sirius XM Love (formerly Sirius Love).
Artists that were on the playlist include Whitney Houston, Elton John, James Taylor and Phil Collins.
The Heart was on XM's channel lineup at service launch. In 2004 and 2005, the channel's regular format was temporarily replaced with a pop Christmas music format called "Holly" between Thanksgiving and Christmas; in 2006, Holly preempted XM's U-Pop channel instead and The Heart retained its normal format through December.

</doc>
<doc id="9880920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880920" title="Canadian doubles">
Canadian doubles

Canadian doubles, also known as cutthroat tennis, is a method of playing tennis with three players. It pits two players against one player on the court at the same time. The only major rule variation between Canadian doubles and traditional doubles tennis is that the team of two players can only hit the ball within the single player's singles lines, whilst the single player can hit into the full doubles court on the two player's side. Canadian doubles is used as a training method, to work on shot-making, accuracy and teamwork. It is also used when one player is significantly better than the other two.

</doc>
<doc id="9880968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9880968" title="Yordanos Abay">
Yordanos Abay

Yordanos Abay (, Arabic: يوردانوس أباي, born 28 March 1984) is an Ethiopian international footballer who plays in Yemen for Al-Saqr, as a striker.
Career.
Club career.
Abay has played club football in Ethiopia, the Netherlands, and Yemen for Dire Dawa Railway, EEPCO, Vitesse, Ethiopian Coffee and Al-Saqr.
International career.
Abay played at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship, and made his senior debut that same year. He has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9881003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881003" title="Ali-Reza Asgari">
Ali-Reza Asgari

Brigadier General Ali-Reza Asgari (1 November 1952) was an Iranian general of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, deputy defense minister, and cabinet member of Iranian President Mohammad Khatami.
Asgari had been "pushed aside" from his ministerial role after President Ahmadinejad, a former rival, came into power in 2005. Asgari disappeared in Turkey in early 2007, and news reports indicate that he either defected or was kidnapped by Western intelligence agencies. His disappearance has also led to reports that Iran would retaliate by kidnapping American or Israeli officials in Europe. According to "The Sunday Times", Asgari was described as a "gold mine for western intelligence" by an Israeli defence source who claimed that they had been following him since the 1980s.
Early life.
Ali Reza Asgari was born in Ardestan, a town in Esfahan province, Iran on 1 November 1952.
Military and intelligence career.
In the 1980s Asgari was commander of the Revolutionary Guard in Lebanon and during the 1990s he was the top Iranian intelligence official in Lebanon, where he worked with the Shia militant group Hezbollah. One report said that during this time Asgari was involved in the alleged transfer of captured Israeli pilot Ron Arad to Iran. The Israeli website Debkafile claims that Asgari ran Iranian operations in Iraq, and is linked to the January 20, 2007 Karbala provincial headquarters raid.
Spying.
According to "The Sunday Times", Asgari was recruited as a spy in 2003 during a business trip; however, it is not known what Western intelligence agency recruited him. He decided to defect once it was suspected by the Iranian VEVAK that he was a mole.
Disappearance.
Asgari disappeared on February 7, 2007 in Istanbul, Turkey after flying in from Damascus, Syria. One report said that he had been in Syria to discuss production of military equipment, and his trip to Turkey was to meet with a European arms dealer. This was challenged by a woman in Tehran who claimed she was Asgari's wife, and who said that Asgari flew to Istanbul on December 7 and disappeared on December 9. She also said that "He was doing business in olive oil in Syria."
Reports say that two other people had reserved a room for Asgari at the Ceylan Hotel in Istanbul for three nights, but that after arriving Asgari reserved a room at the cheaper Hotel Ghilan. It is not clear if he ever checked into the hotel, and a later report suggested that no such hotel exists.
Some Arab diplomats told the media that Asgari was kidnapped by the U.S. CIA and/or Israeli Mossad. On March 6, a top Iranian police chief confirmed that kidnapping was a possibility.
Reports say that Iran sent several defense officials to Turkey to discuss the matter during the last week of February, and also asked Interpol to investigate the case. Because of claims that Israel was behind the disappearance, security was boosted for Israeli embassies and senior officials abroad. On March 6 the Turkish Foreign Minister said that Turkey was conducting "an extremely broad investigation."
According to the Islamic republic state-run newspaper "Iran", Asgari was captured by a joint team of Mossad and CIA and then tortured by them. This claim of torture was denied by a source in the Iranian military, who said that the Iranians have no information on his current situation.
In an interview with Fars News, Asgari's daughter said that "I'm sure that United States and Israel have kidnapped him".
Defection versus kidnapping.
There has been vivid debate in the media about the question of whether Asgari defected to the west or was kidnapped.
The Israeli paper "Haaretz" first reported that Asgari may have defected. This was echoed by a report in "Asharq Alawsat", which stated that Asgari defected to the United States. That same paper reported on March 7 that Asgari was being questioned in northern Europe (later reported as a NATO base in Germany and specifically Rhein-Main Air Base) before eventually being moved to the US. However, a US intelligence official told "The New York Post" "We don't have him."
Asgari may have been able to leave Turkey under a different passport.
On March 8 "The Washington Post" said that Asgari was willingly cooperating with Western intelligence officials, and was providing information on Hezbollah and its Iranian connections. Among other things, this included information regarding the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing. Asgari also smuggled out intelligence documents and maps that detail Iranian involvement with Muslim militia groups, including Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad in Palestine, and the Iraqi Mahdi army and Badr Organization. A US intelligence official said that his defection was "orchestrated by the Israelis", although Israeli spokesman Mark Regev denied this. The "New York Post" reported that an Iranian dissident group helped plan the defection and is negotiating with Western intelligence agencies for a "permanent place of exile".
On March 12 the German Minister of Defense, Franz Josef Jung, was asked about the disappearance during a visit to Ankara, Turkey. Jung answered, "I cannot say anything on this issue."
According to "The Sunday Telegraph", Asgari's defection was part of a CIA program called "the Brain Drain", which began in 2005 and later netted Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri.
Iranian sources and Associated Press reports say that Asgari was kidnapped by the Mossad with the help of other western intelligence agencies. An Israeli source quoted in Tikun Olam (blog), claims Asgari is Prisoner X held incommunicado in Israel's Ayalon Prison.
Family.
Asgari was married to Ziba Ahmadi and Zahra Abdollahpour and had five children. Several sources say that some of Asgari's family left Iran before he defected, possibly under the guise of a vacation. One article said that 10 close family members left, including two sons and a daughter. This has been contradicted by "Farda News", which said his wife and children were still in Tehran. On March 12, Asgari's wife Ziba Ahmadi and daughter Elham lodged a complaint at the Turkish embassy in Tehran, saying that "He has not asked for political asylum and will never do." On March 19, ten relatives including another wife Zahra Abdollahpour again gathered at the Turkish embassy, and said that "It was America and Israel who did it but... Turkish government is responsible and they should inform us about his situation as soon as possible."
In an interview on July 10 with the news agency Mehr, Ziba Ahmadi said that 90% of the evidence points towards Israel being responsible for her husband's disappearance, although she has not received any information on him.
2007 Iranian seizure.
After 15 British navy personnel were seized by Iranian forces on March 23, 2007, some media reports suggested that the Iranian government wanted to trade them for Iranian personnel allegedly abducted, including Asgari.
Follow-up investigation.
In April 2007, journalist Richard Miniter published an article detailing his own investigation in Turkey as to Asgari's disappearance. Miniter found that it is impossible to reserve a room at the Ceylan Hotel in cash (as was previously reported) and that no such "Hotel Ghilan" exists, although it may have been a mispronunciation of "Hotel Divan", just across the street from the Ceylan. Miniter spoke with Professor Hasan Koni of the American Studies program at Bahcesehir University, who said that senior Turkish generals were angry at not being told which ally had taken Asgari, and that the identity of this country was a hot debate among "military, intelligence, and police circles."
Nuclear information.
In early July 2007 the Israeli newspaper "Yediot Aharonot" reported that Asgari told US interrogators that Iran is secretly attempting to enrich uranium with a combination of lasers and chemicals at a weapons facility in Natanz; this would act as a backup if the publicly known facilities and activities were stopped by sanctions or military strikes. Israeli journalist Ronen Bergman expanded upon this reporting in his book "The Secret War with Iran", in which he stated that Asgari had not only supplied the information regarding lasers, but had also revealed that a second site for centrifuges had been built near the principal Natanz site, and that a Syrian nuclear program, developed with North Korean help, was being paid for by Iran.
In December 2007 when the US intelligence community released the findings of an NIE stating that Iran had stopped its secret nuclear weapons program in 2003 (as opposed to the 2005 NIE which said they were continuing), some observers suspected that Asgari played some role in providing intelligence or prompting the reassessment; however, current officials have said that there was no single thing which prompted the reversal, though another source cited current diplomatic and security officials as saying that a defector was likely to be the cause of the new information.
Operation Orchard.
On September 28 the Kuwaiti newspaper "Al Jareeda" reported that Asgari provided information for the Israeli airstrike on September 6 in Syria, code-named Operation Orchard; this was echoed by the intelligence group Stratfor, which reported that Asgari "gave Israel the intelligence on Syria's missile program needed for the Syrian airstrike." In March 2009, "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" reported that after defecting, Asgari told the U.S. about the secret Syrian nuclear reactor, built in partnership with North Korea and with Iranian financing. This was reportedly the first time the U.S. and Israel were alerted of the project.
Ebrahimi story.
In late March 2008, Amir Farshad Ebrahimi, an Iranian human rights activist who lives in Germany, was detained at Ataturk International Airport after an Iranian official requested that he be deported to Iran. According to the Iranians, he had played a role in Asgari's defection.
In an interview with "Newsmax", Ebrahimi explained that he and Asgari had met in the mid-1990s when they worked at Iran's embassy in Beirut. When Asgari was on his trip in Syria in 2007, he called Ebrahimi in Germany to say that his special passport only had two days remaining and that he did not wish to go back to Iran; following Ebrahimi's advice, he rented a car, left his wife in Damascus to drive to Turkey, and paid US$1500 to a Turkish border guard to enter without a visa. Contacts of Ebrahimi's were said to meet him in rooms reserved at the Gilan hotel, but the meeting did not take place because of a police presence outside the hotel.
Asgari later reportedly communicated with Ebrahim from Washington, D.C. and Texas.
2009 Iranian reports.
On November 15, 2009, several Iranian websites reported details of a two-year Iranian investigation into the matter, which concluded that Asgari was kidnapped by the Israeli, British, and German intelligence agencies, and was currently being held in an Israeli jail. Earlier in October, Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki had said that "The United States should be accountable as it is directly or indirectly responsible for causing problems for Shahram Amiri, AliReza Asgari and Ardebili".
Death reported.
In December 2010, the Iranian government reported that Asgari had died in an Israeli jail.

</doc>
<doc id="9881040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881040" title="Bueng Khong Long District">
Bueng Khong Long District

Bueng Khong Long (; ) is a district ("Amphoe") of Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The minor district was split off from Seka district on January 7, 1986. It was upgraded to a full district on November 4, 1993.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Ban Phaeng and Na Thom of Nakhon Phanom Province, and Seka and Bung Khla of Bueng Kan Province. To the east across the Mekong river is the Laotian province Bolikhamxai.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 51 villages ("muban"). Bueng Khong Long is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Bueng Khong Long and Pho Mak Khaeng. There are further 4 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9881058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881058" title="Funicular de Sant Joan">
Funicular de Sant Joan

The Funicular de Sant Joan (, "Saint John Funicular railway") is a funicular railway at Montserrat, near Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. The line connects the monastery, and the upper terminus of the Montserrat Rack Railway, with sacred sites, walking trails and viewpoints higher up the mountain. With a maximum gradient of 65%, it is the steepest funicular in Spain.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:
The line is operated by the Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya ("Catalan Government Railways", FGC), who also operate the Montserrat Rack Railway and the Funicular de la Santa Cova funicular railway on Montserrat Mountain, together with two other funicular railways and a significant suburban railway system in and around Barcelona.
The line was originally built in 1918, and modified to increase capacity in 1926. In 1986 it passed to the FGC, who modernised it in 1997, providing new panoramic cars with transparent roofs.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9881059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881059" title="Armand Blanquet du Chayla">
Armand Blanquet du Chayla

Count Armand Blanquet du Chayla (9 May 1759 – 29 April 1826) was an officer in the French Navy, most famous as second in command of the French fleet during its defeat at the Battle of the Nile.
Early actions.
Du Chayla was born in Marvejols in the Lozère department in southeast France. As a young naval officer, he distinguished himself during the American Revolutionary War, serving under Admiral d'Estaing. He was captured in 1778, and released two years later. He served under Admiral de Grasse aboard the "Languedoc" and took part in the Battle of Martinique.
Du Chayla also fought at the Battle of the Chesapeake and at the Battle of St. Kitts, and was wounded at the Battle of the Saintes.
After the war, Du Chayla was promoted to "Lieutenant de vaisseau", and later to "capitaine de vaisseau", obtaining command of the "Tonnant". During the French Revolutionary Wars, he took part in the campaigns on the Italian coasts. In 1793, he was relieved from command because of his nobility, but was soon reinstated. He served as aide to the Minister of the Navy from 1795 to 1797, before being promoted to division commander in 1796, and to contre-amiral soon later.
Battle of the Nile, and aftermath.
In 1798, as a rear admiral, Chayla hoisted his flag aboard the "Franklin" as second in command of the fleet under Admiral François-Paul Brueys d'Aigalliers during the . Chayla fought gallantly during the battle and tried in vain to persuade Brueys to order the fleet to set sail. He was severely wounded in the French defeat, and he and the "Franklin" were both captured by the Royal Navy.
After his return to France, Chayla was a fierce critic of the tactics of Villeneuve, Decrès and Ganteaume, and resigned in 1803. He was later rehabilitated by Napoléon.
He was made a Count and honorary vice-admiral by Louis XVIII of France. Chayla died in Versailles on the 29th of April 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="9881063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881063" title="The Blend (Sirius XM)">
The Blend (Sirius XM)

The Blend is a mixed music channel on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, broadcasting on XM channel 16 (previously 25), Sirius channel 16 (previously 2) and Dish Network 6016. The channel was added to XM on February 2, 2004 in response to demands by customers which desired a Mix music radio channel, ever since Clear Channel-owned New York City adult contemporary station WLTW (which was XM 24) left XM on December 1, 2003 to make room for Sunny, also owned by Clear Channel. On November 12, 2008, The Blend was added to Sirius' channel lineup, replacing StarLite as part of the company's channel merger. Until February 9, 2010, the channel was also carried on Direct TV channel 821.
Sirius XM describes the channel as "A Perfect Blend", although since it leans towards mainstream Adult Contemporary and Pop, the station plays no urban music. In 2008, The Blend tweaked its format to more of a younger-skewing sound, and dropping Barry Manilow, The Carpenters, Air Supply and Anne Murray from the playlist, along with all the 1960s and most of the 1970s songs, bringing the channel in a more FM-minded direction. The music is targeted for the middle aged group, especially for those who are age 20 or older and the station plays music from such artists as Rod Stewart, Billy Joel, Whitney Houston, John Mellencamp, John Mayer, Hall and Oates, Madonna, Mariah Carey, Lenny Kravitz, Kings of Leon, R. Kelly, Rihanna, The Black Eyed Peas, Lady Gaga, Lady Antebellum, Mumford & Sons, Beyoncé, Daughtry, Jason Derülo, Usher, Maroon 5, Katy Perry, Coldplay, OneRepublic, Kelly Clarkson, Pink, Prince, David Guetta, Justin Timberlake, Michael Jackson, Taylor Swift, and many others. The channel broadcasts in the United States and Canada.
The channel is one of the most popular choices for businesses, being used in retail stores, doctor's offices, and restaurants all over.
Many subscribers were unhappy with the change and, in September 2009, The Blend modified its playlist, dropping most of the 1970s songs. The new playlist closely resembled the former Sirius channel StarLite, taking the format in a more hot adult contemporary direction. The 1960s & 1970s songs are still found on sister channel The Bridge. In addition, most of the soft AC songs were moved to sister channel Sirius XM Love. The Blend eventually relocated its studios from XM's Washington, D.C. studios to Sirius XM's New York City headquarters, where Starlite used to broadcast from. The channel's callsign continues as X025-FM rather than S002-FM, Starlite's old callsign.
In mid-September many of the old Starlite jingles returned; the only difference being that the word "Starlite" was replaced by "The Blend." However, the following month, the channel dropped most titles released as singles prior to 1984, including the remaining 1970s songs. Most of the 1990s songs formerly played by sister hot AC channel The Pulse are now played on The Blend.
Most recently, as of January 2010, The Blend has since tweaked its playlist by re-adding more early 1980s songs, as a mix towards the old Blend and Starlite. In May 2011 Sirius XM moved the blend to channel 16 as a part of their channel integration plan.

</doc>
<doc id="9881074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881074" title="Zygmunt Żuławski">
Zygmunt Żuławski

Zygmunt Żuławski (; 31 July 1880 in Młynne, Limanowa County, Austria-Hungary – 4 September 1949 in Kraków) was a Polish politician, association activist, and socialist. He was a member of:
He was a deputy of:
Żuławski published book entitled "Wspomnienia" (1980).

</doc>
<doc id="9881081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881081" title="Borderfest">
Borderfest

Borderfest is an Annual Festival held in Hidalgo, Texas. The first Borderfest ever held was in 1976. It is the largest and oldest music festival in South Texas; and includes a variety of foods and cultures from around the world.
History.
Borderfest started in 1976 as a committee of the Hidalgo Chamber of Commerce to promote cultural, international and community spirit. The initial event was a small community festival lasting one day and drawing some 500 people. Today, the festival has grown.
Annually the festival Donates $40,000 to $50,000 for local scholarships.[http://www.borderfest.org/06%20site/history.html]
Mission.
Borderfest’s mission is dedicated to cultural enrichment, arts education and heritage preservation in South Texas. BorderFest celebrates the diverse cultures that make the Rio Grande Valley unique and is an opportunity to share, preserve and showcase South Texas heritage through education, music, dance, cultural activities, and family fun.

</doc>
<doc id="9881090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881090" title="George H. Wells">
George H. Wells

George H. Wells (September 1, 1833 – February 1, 1905) was a Northern-born officer in the Army of the Confederate States of America and an attorney and Democratic politician in Lake Charles, Louisiana.
Biography.
Wells was born in Schenectady, New York, to Joel Wells and the former Susan Bellows. He was educated in the Schenectady public schools. During the American Civil War, Wells enlisted as a private in Company G of the Eleventh Louisiana Infantry. He was promoted to Sergeant Major and then lieutenant. He joined Shelly's Battalion when the Eleventh Infantry was mustered out. He then united with the Houston Battalion as a major.
Wells was twice married. In May 1861, Wells wed the former Ellen C. Lewis of Rapides Parish in central Louisiana. The marriage produced five daughters and two sons. He later married the former Jessie Barden of Lake Charles, the seat of Calcasieu Parish in southwestern Louisiana, where he resided for the majority of his adult life.
Prior to the Civil War, Wells served as district attorney in Catahoula Parish in eastern Louisiana. After the war, he settled in Lake Charles to practice law. In 1878, he was elected to the Louisiana State Senate from the district composed of Calcasieu, Cameron, Vermilion, and St. Mary parishes. He served only until 1880. Two senators then represented the four parishes, one being the later Governor and U.S. Senator Murphy J. Foster, the grandfather of future Louisiana Republican Governor Murphy J. "Mike" Foster, Jr., of St. Mary Parish.
Wells was a member of the Methodist Episcopal Church. He was also a Mason and a district deputy grand master of the lodge. He died in Lake Charles and is interred there in Orange Grove Cemetery.
Before Wells passed he handed his unfinished reasurch on fecal matter and the inner workings of the human waist system to a fellow colleague and friend William T. Thomson.

</doc>
<doc id="9881096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881096" title="David Napier (automotive engineer)">
David Napier (automotive engineer)

"This article is about the automotive and aero-engine manufacturer. For other people of the same name see David Napier (disambiguation)"
David Napier (1785–1873) was a Scottish engineer, notable for founding Napier & Son, an early automotive and aero-engine company.
Life.
David Napier was born in Dumbarton to a family of engineers (the Kilmahew branch of the Napier family). He was the son of Robert Napier (1726–1790), and cousin of another Robert Napier – the "Father of Clyde Shipbuilding." One of David Napier's uncles had served as a blacksmith for the Duke of Argyll.
Engineering.
He eventually moved south, and worked for Henry Maudslay before founding his own company in 1808 in Soho, London. In 1848, it became Napier & Son, when he added his son James Napier to the business partnership.
His engineering company produced machines for bullet-making, gun-boring and turning for a number of government arsenals, as well as coin-weighing machines for the Bank of England, two-cylinder printing presses (designed to print simultaneously on both sides of a sheet of paper) and a centrifuge for sugar manufacturing before turning to automobile manufacturing under his grandson Montague Napier. His machines were described as "delicate as any clock could be", and his printing press in particular earned praise by Thomas Curson Hansard.

</doc>
<doc id="9881107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881107" title="Ansley Cargill">
Ansley Cargill

Ansley Cargill (born January 5, 1982 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a tennis player from the United States, who won four International Tennis Federation Circuit singles titles, and four International Tennis Federation Circuit doubles titles.
In 2006 she won $50,000 ITF/Hammond, LA-USA defeating No. 1 seed Tatiana Poutchek of Belarus 6–1 6–3 in Quarter-finals
and No. 4 seed Tatiana Perebiynis of Ukraine 6–4 6–4 in the final.
She also won $25,000 ITF/Vancouver-CAN which she was defending champion, as she won the event in 2005.
She has reached a career-high WTA Tour Singles ranking of No. 90 on May 5, 2003.
On the WTA Tour she has reached one Singles quarterfinal at Sarasota, FL-USA in 2003. She defeated World No.13 Patty Schnyder of Switzerland in first round and World No.31 Tamarine Tanasugarn of Thailand in second round before losing to World No.22 Nathalie Dechy of France.
She has also reached one WTA Tour Doubles final at Tokyo, Japan Open in 2003 with Ashley Harkleroad of the United States, they lost to Maria Sharapova of Russia and Tamarine Tanasugarn of Thailand.
She has played nine Grand Slam Main draw events and reached the second round of the 2003 Australian Open defeating Anabel Medina Garrigues of Spain before losing to Venus Williams of the United States.
Following her graduation from Duke University, Cargill now works in Equity Sales at the Atlanta office of financial brokerage firm Morgan Stanley.

</doc>
<doc id="9881129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881129" title="National Football League depth chart">
National Football League depth chart

An NFL depth chart is a contextually enhanced player roster published by each National Football League franchise.
Format.
The first column of players listed are part of the starting lineup. Each week in the NFL head coaches are required to submit a list of the players who will start the game in their designated position. Players who are regularly listed on the starting lineup for each game are considered starters. The second column of players are "back-ups" to their respective starters. Depending on the position, these players will rotate in with the starting players or will come into the game when their respective starting player is injured or performs poorly or during garbage time. The act of being removed from the game because of poor performance is called "benching" or being "benched". The third and fourth columns would be considered the back-up's back-up or the 3rd and 4th string of players. The 3rd string and 4th string designation refers to players that are 3rd or 4th in line for starting the game. Therefore, 2nd string would refer to the primary back-up and 1st string would refer to the starter. The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th string of players are usually given special roles in a game. These roles include special teams tackler, special teams blocker, kick returner, punt returner, third-down running back, H-back, goal-line back, slot receiver, and second Tight End in a two Tight End set.
In today's NFL, depth charts are updated year round because off-season player movement plays such a prominent role for fans and media alike. There are several opportunities during the regular and post season for updates as coaches update official weekly lists of starters for each game. Head coaches also give verbal updates of player's starting or back-up roles in press conferences. During the off-season there are also several opportunities for updates to a depth chart. The post-season ends in February, free agency begins in March, the NFL Draft is in April, mini-camps are held in May and June, training camp opens in July, pre-season games begin in August, and Regular season games generally begin in September.
Breakdown of NFL starting positions on a depth chart.
OFFENSE
QB = Quarterback<BR>
RB = Running Back/HB = Halfback<BR>
FB = Fullback<BR>
RWR = Right Wide Receiver<BR>
LWR = Left Wide Receiver<BR>
TE = Tight End<BR>
RT = Right Offensive Tackle<BR>
RG = Right Offensive Guard<BR>
C = Center<BR>
LG = Left Offensive Guard<BR>
LT = Left Offensive Tackle<BR>
<BR>
DEFENSE
RE = Right Defensive End<BR>
UT = Under Tackle (Defensive Tackle)<BR>
NT = Nose Tackle (Defensive Tackle)<BR>
LE = Left Defensive End<BR>
WLB = Weakside Linebacker/ROLB = Right Outside Linebacker<BR>
ILB = Inside Linebacker/MLB = Middle Linebacker<BR>
SLB = Strongside Linebacker/LOLB = Left Outside Linebacker<BR>
RCB = Right Cornerback<BR>
FS = Free Safety<BR>
SS = Strong Safety<BR>
LCB = Left Cornerback<BR>
<BR>
SPECIAL TEAMS
K = Kicker<BR>
P = Punter<BR>
LS = Long snapper<BR>
KR = Kick Returner<BR>
PR = Punt Returner<BR>
KOS= Kick Off Specialist
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9881134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881134" title="Payandeh Bada Iran">
Payandeh Bada Iran

Payandeh Bada Iran is the former national anthem of the Islamic Republic of Iran. It was composed by Abolghasem Halat and was adopted after the establishment of the Islamic Republic, replacing the "de facto" national anthem Ey Iran which was used prior to that during the transition period. It was replaced in 1990 with the current national anthem of Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="9881139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881139" title="Summer EP (Sherwood EP)">
Summer EP (Sherwood EP)

"Summer EP" is a 2006 release by the indie rock band Sherwood. During the spring of 2006, AbsolutePunk.net offered a 5 song version of this album to download for free. Later that year, a physical version with two extra tracks was released for sale at the band's live performances and online.

</doc>
<doc id="9881162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881162" title="Paul Seitz">
Paul Seitz

Paul-Léon Seitz (December 22, 1906 - February 23, 1984) was a French bishop in the Catholic Church. He was ordained as a bishop in 1952 and named as the titular bishop of the church's Catula titular see. From 1960 to 1975, he served as the Bishop of Kontum, a Central Highlands region of Viêt Nam known for its Montagnard tribes.
Seitz was dedicated to medical and social welfare for the Montagnaard people. He was active in fundraising efforts on behalf of the tribespeople, securing donations from England and the United States.
During the Vietnam War, Seitz sought relief for the many thousands of refugees that were displaced by the Viet Cong.

</doc>
<doc id="9881169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881169" title="Saro Shrimp">
Saro Shrimp

The Saunders Roe A.37 Shrimp was a 1930s British two-seat four-engined experimental flying boat built by Saunders-Roe Limited ("Saro") at Cowes.
Development.
The Shrimp was designed by H Knowler in 1939 as a half-size research aircraft as part of a development programme for the Saunders-Roe S.38 a four-engined patrol flying-boat to Specification R.5/39 - a replacement for the Short Sunderland. The R.5/39 project was cancelled but the Shrimp was completed as a private venture. Registered as G-AFZS, it was first flown at Cowes in October 1939. It was based at Beaumaris, Anglesey where a slipway was built for it. The Ministry of Aircraft Production acquired it in 1944 with the serial "TK580" for tests to help the design of the Short Shetland a successor to the R.5/39 project being developed jointly by Saro and Short Brothers. For this its twin rudder tail was swapped for a single fin and the hull was modified to represent that of the Shetland.
The Shrimp was scrapped at Felixstowe in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9881205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881205" title="The Science of Good and Evil">
The Science of Good and Evil

The Science of Good and Evil is a book by Michael Shermer on ethics and evolutionary psychology. The book was published in 2004 by Henry Holt and Company under the full title The Science of Good and Evil: Why People Cheat, Gossip, Care, Share, and Follow the Golden Rule.
Reviews.
In discussing Shermer's approach to ethics, a review by Ian Mason in the "National Post" said that he "makes a persuasive case for the Golden Rule as the foundation of morality" but "severely weakens his case by applying the 'scientific' label to all sorts of assertions and concepts that don't warrant it." Mason also said that "This stretching of the proper scope of scientific reasoning is symptomatic of Shermer's approach to systems he wishes to debunk."
In the "College Quarterly", Howard Doughty wrote:
Shermer does not offer a very satisfactory definition of either good or evil. . . . He does, however, occasionally speak eloquently about the ways in which human beings are challenged by moral notions and have generated forceful moral codes . . . He fails, however, to locate morality in any kind of conceptual framework that would allow us to treat moral ideas as anything more than human judgments. There is nothing wrong with this, but such a view is inconsistent with the implication of the book's title, which at least suggests that good and evil are actual axiological categories that exist independent of human opinion.
Doughty concludes that the book is a "very good effort in the popularization of scientific exploration into an inherently contentious subject".

</doc>
<doc id="9881206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881206" title="CineMagic (Sirius XM)">
CineMagic (Sirius XM)

Cinemagic is a channel on Sirius XM Satellite Radio Online devoted to film scores, as well as other music and dialogue from film soundtracks. Dave Ziemer is the programming director for the channel.
XM Cinemagic was on channel 73 (prior to November 12, 2008, Cinemagic was on XM channel 27, and then it moved to 76). XM Radio Canada added the channel on April 1, 2007. As of 6 pm Eastern time on January 5, 2009, Cinemagic was no longer available on Sirius channel 81 (Dish Network 6081). It was replaced with The Strobe, which returned due to subscriber demand. Until February 9, 2010, it was on DirecTV channel 822 until all of the Sirius XM programming was dropped in favor of Sonic Tap. Due to a technology glitch with Sirius radios, channel 81 displayed "Cinemagic". On May 4, 2011, CineMagic was moved to XM channel 73 and Sirius internet radio channel 806.
SiriusXM announced on June 24, 2011 that Cinemagic will no longer be available except online via an additional subscription on channel 806 for both services. The final selection to be aired on the satellites leading up to midnight, July 4, 2011, was "So long, farewell (auf weidersehen, good bye)", from The Sound of Music. The bandwidth was then transferred over to BYU Radio on channel 143. Film scores played on the station are from films including Star Wars, The Lord of the Rings, Gladiator, Chinatown, The Incredibles, Gone With the Wind, Kill Bill Vol. 1&2, Moulin Rouge, Back to the Future, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Air Force One.
Sirius XM describes the channel as follows:
"Cinemagic captures the movie experience via score music,soundtracks and film clips. It's also a destination for movie news and information, plus interviews with stars and directors."

</doc>
<doc id="9881221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881221" title="Dârjiu">
Dârjiu

Dârjiu (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
The toponym ""Székelyderzs"" was first mentioned as "De ers" in a papal list of tithes taken in 1334. In 1525, it was recorded as "Ders", while in 1760, it was already mentioned by its modern Hungarian name as "Székely Derzs".
The first written mention of the toponym "Székelyderzs" as "De Ers" is from a list of papal tithes taken in 1334. In 1525, it was mentioned as "Ders", while in 1760, the modern form of its Hungarian name was already used as "Székely Derzs". The name "Derzs" is thought to be from the Old Bulgar.
The commune is composed of two villages:
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 1,177 of which 98.3% or 1,157 are Hungarian.
History.
The village is home to the Dârjiu fortified church, a 13th-century fortified Unitarian Church, which is on UNESCO's World Heritage List.
Unitariansm was an official religion in Transylvania from the 1583 Medgyes parliament. The first bishop was Ferenc Dávid, a local Hungarian-speaking Saxon. The first appointed ruler of Transylvania was the Unitarian John II Sigismund Zápolya., son of the Hungarian king John Zápolya (1526-1541).
The villages were historically part of the Székely Land region of Transylvania province. They belonged to Udvarhelyszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Odorhei County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureș-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Heartland of Unitarianism.
Between 80,000 and 100,000 Unitarians live in the geographical region of Transylvania, mostly between Sighişoara and Odorheiu Secuiesc, more or less around Dârjiu. Further east, Hungarians are Roman Catholics with Calvinist enclaves e.g. in the former Háromszék County while the former Csík County is solidly Roman Catholic.
The murals of the Unitarian church show the legend of Ladislaus I of Hungary. When the Cumans broke into Kingdom of Hungary, Ladislaus, still a Duke, along with his cousin (King Salamon I) rode against them and freed a girl believed to be daughter of an aristocrat from a Cuman. Unhappily enough, the girl did not support this act of the future Saint.
Further murals in the region are to be found at Unitarian churches in Mugeni, Crăciunel (Karácsonyfalva) and smaller ones in Rugăneşti (Rugonfalva) and Cristuru Secuiesc (Székelykeresztúr). Saxon murals are most significant in Mălâncrav (Szászszentlászló).
Twinning.
The local Unitarian community has relationship with the Unitarian Universalist Church in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9881234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881234" title="Funicular de la Santa Cova">
Funicular de la Santa Cova

The Funicular de Santa Cova, or Santa Cova funicular railway, is a funicular railway at Montserrat, near Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. The line descends from the monastery, and the upper terminus of the Montserrat Rack Railway, on a continuous curve to a lower station that gives access, via a path, to Santa Cova, a shrine lower down the mountain.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:
Although the line operates two cars, in normal service only one carries passengers, whilst the other simply acts as a counterweight.
The line is operated by the Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya ("Catalan Government Railways", FGC), who also operate the Montserrat Rack Railway and the Funicular de Sant Joan funicular railway on Montserrat Mountain, together with two other funicular railways and a significant suburban railway system in and around Barcelona.
The line originally opened in 1929 and was passed to the FGC in 1986. It was renovated in 1991 with the retention of its original stepped and wooden bodied cars. Unfortunately one of these was damaged by floods in 2000, as was the lower station. When the line reopened in 2001, new panoramic cars, similar to those already in use on the nearby Funicular de Sant Joan, were provided.

</doc>
<doc id="9881246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881246" title="Petar Banićević">
Petar Banićević

Petar Banićević (Петар Банићевић) (February 8, 1930, Nikšić, Kingdom of Yugoslavia – September 4, 2006, Belgrade, Serbia) was a Serbian actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9881298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881298" title="List of Power Rangers Operation Overdrive episodes">
List of Power Rangers Operation Overdrive episodes

This is a list of episodes of the 15th season of Power Rangers, "Power Rangers Operation Overdrive".
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="9881311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881311" title="Chatsworth Avenue School">
Chatsworth Avenue School

Chatsworth Avenue School is a public elementary school located in Larchmont, New York. It was founded in 1902, as a two-room schoolhouse on Chatsworth Avenue. It has 3 floors and 4 extra classes that the kids partake in several times a week: Music, Library, Gym, and Art. With its two cafeterias and three playgrounds, children always enjoy their 1 hour lunch break. School hours are from 8:40 AM to 3:00 PM. There are approximately five classes per grade, and around 22 kids per class. The current principal is Gail Boyle; the current vice-principal is Katie Anderson-Twomey. It is a K-5 school with students advancing to the Hommocks Middle School. It is one of four elementary schools of the Mamaroneck Union Free School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9881316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881316" title="Dean Gunnarson">
Dean Gunnarson

Dean Gunnarson is an International award-winning Canadian escape artist also called an escapologist. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He is noted for a series of large scale spectacular stunts done for television. Gunnarson has appeared on television in over 165 countries around the world performing his daring escapes. He has taken his amazing escape shows into countries like India, Egypt, Iceland, Italy, France, Columbia, Venezuela, Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, Taiwan, and many more. Gunnarson has performed over 500 shows across China and his TV escapes have been seen by millions of people there. In 2012 the Chinese Government presented him with award of "The World's Top Escape Artist" after a successful escape on live TV. He has also performed across Canada and the US on TV, fairs, shopping malls, sporting events, and for many of the countries top corporations.
Gunnarson's most notable television appearances include the NBC TV specials "The World's Most Dangerous Magic I & II", for which he escaped from a strait jacket while hanging upsidedown 726 feet above the ground from a trapeze suspended from the Hoover Dam. He has also appeared in the NBC special, "Magic in The Magic Kingdom", filmed at Disneyland in 1988, and in "The Spectacular World of Guinness Records", hosted by David Frost were set two world records for escaping.
He has successfully conquered many challenges and obstacles by taking his daring escapes to incredible limits. One of his most recent television specials, "World's Most Dangerous Magic II" on NBC, Gunnarson faced his greatest fear as he escaped suspended upside down over a swamp of 130 hungry alligators in the Florida everglades covered in chicken meat and blood.
Gunnarson narrowly escaped death in October 1983 during a stunt in which he was handcuffed and chained and nailed into a coffin which was then submerged in the Red River in Winnipeg. The stunt went wrong as the coffin was lowered into the water, leaving him unable to escape. He was eventually pulled from the river and freed by the support crew, at which point he was not breathing and had to be resuscitated by paramedics. The incident led Johnny Carson to refer to Gunnarson on "The Tonight Show" as "that crazy Canadian".
Some of Dean's other television appearances include The Nashville Network's popular "Statler Brothers Show," the Disney Channel and Family Channel, where he is a favourite family entertainer. He also has appeared on many shows on the Discovery, TLC, Travel, and even the Food Channel. One of Dean's personal career highlights was opening for Aerosmith at their CD Release Party of "Nine Lives" in New York City.
In February 2013 Ripley's Believe It or Not presented him with the Ripley's record "World's Most Daring Escape Artist" while in New York for the Anderson Cooper Live TV show with Anderson Cooper and co-host Stacey London. Gunnarson performed a difficult escape on the TV show. He has also been featured in many Ripley's books including a two-page colour spread in "Ripley's-The Remarable Revealed" pages 130–131, where he was buried alive in 2 1/2 tons of wet cement and escaped.
In 2012 Gunnarson won the Merlin Award for "World's Best Escape Artist". Presented in Shenzhen, China by The International Society of Magicians, the world's largest magic organization with over 37,000 members. Founded in 1968 it was the first time ever that they have given the award to an escape artist. Past winners are David Copperfield, Doug Henning, Penn & Teller, and Criss Angel.
Gunnarson was also the first recipient and only escape artist to ever win the "Houdini Award" presented on the "Magic Stars" television show in Tokyo, Japan. He became the youngest person and first Canadian to be awarded the U.C.T. "Humanitarian of the Year" for his devotion to raising money for various charities after being chosen out of 185,000 people nominated in North America.
Further reading.
" The Magic World of the Amazing Randi ",by James Randi, published Adams Media Corporation (September 1989), ISBN 978-1-55850-982-5
" The Remarkable Revealed ",by Ripley's, published Miles Kelly Publihing Ltd (2007),pages 130-131, ISBN 978-1-893951-22-8
" Conjuring ",by James Randi, published St. Martin's Press (1992),pages 185-188, ISBN 0-312-08634-2
" Religion, Magic, And The Supernatural ",by William V. Rauscher,published Mystic Light Press(2006),pages 720-721,Libray of Congress 2005920869
" Crazy Canadian Trivia 3 " by Pat Hancock, Publisher: Scholastic Canada (Jun 1 2008),pages 42–43, ISBN 0545999952 ISBN 978-0545999953
" Worst-Case Scenario Survival Handbook: Extreme Edition " by David Borgenicht & Joshua Piven, published Quirk Productions Inc.(Sep 1 2005),pages 88–90,169, ISBN 9780811845380
" Ripley's Believe It Or Not! Expect...The Unexpected! ", by Geoff Tibballs, Publisher: Ripley Publishing (Aug 1 2006) 
, page 72, ISBN 189395112X ISBN 978-1893951129
" Ripleys Believe It or Not: Extremely Weird ", by Ripley Entertainment, Publisher: Ripley Publishing/Ripley (April 2009), page 192,
ISBN 1893951359 ISBN 978-1893951358
" Ripley's Believe It or Not! Special Edition 2009 Glow-In-The Dark Cover! ", by Ripley Entertainment, Publisher: Miles Kelly Publishing (2009), page 74, ISBN 0545103207 ISBN 978-0545103206
" Ripley's Believe It or Not ! Special Edition 2014 " , by Ripley Entertainment, Publisher: Ripley Publishing Ltd.(2013), page 32, 
ISBN 978-0-545-56647-6
" Ripley's Believe It Or Not ! Dare To Look ! ", By Ripley Entertainment, Publisher: Ripley Publishing Ltd.,(2013), Page 167, 
ISBN 978-1-60991-077-8

</doc>
<doc id="9881322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881322" title="Akaitcho Territory Government">
Akaitcho Territory Government

The Akaitcho Territory Government is a First Nations organization representing the Dene people of the Northwest Territories, Canada.
Members.
The Akaitcho Territory Government consists of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9881323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881323" title="Punta di Pellaro">
Punta di Pellaro

Punta di Pellaro (Greek: , "white rock"; Latin: Leucopetra) is the extreme southwestern point of mainland Italy, in the region of Calabria, looking towards the east coast of Sicily, at .
Anciently, a promontory of Bruttium, it was in consequence of its location generally regarded as the termination of the chain of the Apennines. Pliny tells us it was 12 miles from Rhegium (modern Reggio di Calabria). The whiteness of the rocks composing this headland gave origin to the ancient name. (Strabo vi. p. 259; Plin. iii. 5. s. 10; Ptol. iii. 1. § 9.) It is evidently the same promontory which is called by Thucydides , and was the last point in Italy where Demosthenes and Eurymedon touched with the Athenian armament before they crossed over to Sicily. (Thuc. vii. 35.) It was here also that Cicero touched on his voyage from Sicily, when, after the death of Julius Caesar, 44 BCE, he was preparing to repair into Greece, and where he was visited by some friends from Rhegium, who brought news from Rome that induced him to alter his plans. (Cic. "Phil." i. 3, "ad Att." xvi. 7.) In the former passage he terms it "promontorium agri Rhegini": the "Leucopetra Tarentinorum" mentioned by him (ad Att. xvi. 6), if it be not a false reading, must refer to quite a different place, probably the headland of Leuca, more commonly called the Iapygian promontory.

</doc>
<doc id="9881324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881324" title="Xawery Żuławski">
Xawery Żuławski

Xawery Żuławski (born 22 December 1971 in Warsaw) is a Polish film director. In 1995 he graduated National Film School in Łódź. He is a son of actress Małgorzata Braunek and director Andrzej Żuławski. His second feature Wojna polsko-ruska (2009), adapted from the controversial best-selling novel by Dorota Masłowska, won First Prize in the New Polish Films competition at the 9th Era New Horizons Film Festival in Wrocław. He intends to direct a Polish gutter novel "Zły" of Leopold Tyrmand in 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="9881333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881333" title="Eicher">
Eicher

Eicher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9881335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881335" title="Passage planning">
Passage planning

Passage planning or voyage planning is a procedure to develop a complete description of a vessel's voyage from start to finish. The plan includes leaving the dock and harbor area, the "en route" portion of a voyage, approaching the destination, and mooring, the industry term for this is 'berth to berth'. According to international law, a vessel's captain is legally responsible for passage planning, The duty of passage planning is usually delegated to the ship's navigation officer, typically the second officer on merchant ships.
Studies show that human error is a factor in 80 percent of navigational accidents and that in many cases the human making the error had access to information that could have prevented the accident. The practice of voyage planning has evolved from penciling lines on nautical charts to a process of risk management.
Planning stages.
Passage planning consists of four stages: appraisal, planning, execution, and monitoring. These stages are specified in "International Maritime Organization Resolution A.893(21), Guidelines For Voyage Planning," which are, in turn, reflected in the local laws of IMO signatory countries. The "Guidelines" specify fifty elements of passage planning, some of which are only applicable in certain situations.
The "Guidelines" specify three key items to consider in the practice of voyage planning:
Voyage planning starts with the appraisal stage. Before each voyage begins, the navigator should develop a detailed mental model of how the entire voyage will proceed. The appraisal stage consists of gathering and contemplating all information relevant to the voyage. Much of this appraisal is done by consulting nautical charts, nautical publications and performing a number of technical tasks such as weather forecasting, prediction of tides and currents, and checks of local regulations and warnings.
Nautical publications are a valuable guide to local conditions and regulations, but they must be updated and actually read to be of any use. These publications could include Sailing Directions and Coast Pilots or similar texts produced by other authorities.
The next stage of the process is known as the planning stage. Once information is gathered and considered, the navigator can begin the process of actually laying out the voyage. The process involves projecting various future events including landfalls, narrow passages, and course changes expected during the voyage. This mental model becomes the standard by which the navigator measures progress toward the goal of a safe and efficient voyage, and it is manifested in a passage plan.
A good passage plan will include a track line laid out upon the best-scale charts available. This track is judged with respect to at least nine separate criteria given in the "Guidelines" including under-keel clearance, safe speed, air draft, the use of routing and reporting services (TSS and VTS), and the availability of contingencies in case of emergency.
The navigator will draw and redraw the track line until it is safe, efficient, and in line with all applicable laws and regulations. When the track is finished, it is becoming common practice to also enter it into electronic navigation tools such as an Electronic Chart Display and Information System, a chartplotter, an ARPA system, or a GPS unit.
When working in a team environment, the passage plan should be communicated to the navigation team in a pre-voyage conference in order to ensure that all members of the team share the same mental model of the entire trip.
The third stage of passage planning is the execution stage. The IMO was careful to include execution as part of the process of passage planning. This underscores the fact that the "Guidelines" list a number of tasks that are to executed during the course of the voyage. It also reiterates the captain's responsibility to treat the plan as a "living document" and to review or change it in case of any special circumstances that should arise.
The fourth and final stage of voyage planning is the monitoring stage. Once the voyage has begun the progress of the vessel along its planned route must be monitored. This requires that the ship's position be determined, using standard methods including dead reckoning, celestial navigation, pilotage, and electronic navigation.
According to the "Guidelines," the passage plan should always be available to the officer on watch on the bridge. The "Guidelines" also specify that deviations from the plan should be clearly recorded and be consistent with other provisions of the "Guidelines."
Computer aids.
Computer software can greatly simplify the passage planning process and ensure that nothing important is overlooked. Passage planning software may include functions such as waypoint management, distance calculators, tide and tidal current
predictors, celestial navigational calculators, consumables estimators for fuel, oil, water, and stores, and other useful applications.

</doc>
<doc id="9881370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881370" title="Rancho Los Nietos">
Rancho Los Nietos

Rancho Los Nietos was one of the first, and the largest, Spanish land concession in Alta California. Located in present day Los Angeles County and Orange County, California. Rancho Los Nietos was awarded to Manuel Nieto in 1784. The rancho remained intact until 1834, when Governor Jose Figueroa officially declared the Rancho Los Nietos grant under Mexican rule and ordered its partition into six smaller ranchos.
Today, all parts of the following places are located on what was once Rancho Los Nietos:
History.
Spanish grant.
In 1784, Spanish governor Pedro Fages granted to Manuel Nieto, a former sergeant in the Spanish army, provisional use of all land between the Santa Ana River and the Los Angeles River from the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel to the sea. 
The original grant was , but the San Gabriel Mission contested the Los Nietos grant on the grounds that it encroached upon the southern portion of its property. A decision in favor of the mission was reached and Rancho Los Nietos was reduced to nearly half of its original size, but still leaving Corporal Nieto with . At first it was called La Zanja, but later it was known simply as Rancho Los Nietos.
Upon Manuel Nieto's death in 1804, Rancho Los Nietos passed to his wife and four children. 
Mexican declaration and partition.
The rancho remained intact until 1833, when the Nieto heirs petitioned Mexican Governor José Figueroa for a partition and distribution of the land. In 1834, governor Figueroa officially declared the Los Nietos grant under Mexican rule and ordered its partition into six smaller ranchos.
Rancho Palo Alto was the smallest of the six ranchos. It is unknown exactly where or how large was Rancho Palo Alto as it did not appear on the partition map. It included the Coyote Hills and most of the Arroyo de los Coyotes, and may have been combined into Rancho Los Coyotes.

</doc>
<doc id="9881376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881376" title="Sleepers, Wake!">
Sleepers, Wake!

Sleepers, Wake! Technology and the Future of Work is a book by Barry Jones, originally published in 1982 and reprinted many times. It was published in 1995 in a revised and updated fourth edition.
Jones argues that science and technology have changed the quality, length, and direction of life in the past century far more than politics, education, ideology, or religion. Thomas Edison and Henry Ford have shaped human experience more broadly and enduringly than Lenin and Hitler.
He goes on to say that technologically advanced nations are currently passing through a post-industrial or information revolution, created by technology of unprecedented capacity. Nations, regions, and people face unique threats and opportunities.
Some of the book's key points, such as the claim that technological innovation is a major component of economic growth, are more widely accepted now than in 1982. But, to quote Barry Jones himself, "The central thesis was that people were going to be living longer, far longer, "but it was possible that they would be working a good deal less"."
The fourth edition uses 1991 Commonwealth census as confirmation of his thesis about changes in the labour force.
Barry Jones was Australia's Minister for Science in the Hawke government from 1983 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9881381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881381" title="Dr. I.Q.">
Dr. I.Q.

Dr. I.Q. (aka Dr. I.Q., the Mental Banker and Doctor I.Q.) is a radio and television quiz program. Remembered as radio's first major quiz show, it popularized the catch phrase "I have a lady in the balcony, Doctor."
Radio.
Over decades, the program's sponsors were Mars Candy, the Vick Chemical Company and Embassy Cigarettes. The radio series did not have a set studio. Instead, it traveled from city to city and broadcast from large concert halls and theaters. Thus, the audience was typically composed of residents from the surrounding area. Microphones were positioned throughout the audience. The quizmaster, Dr. I.Q., delivered silver dollars to audience members who correctly answered his fast-paced questions. The series began April 10, 1939 on the Blue Network with singer-announcer Lew Valentine as Dr. I.Q. Later quizmasters in the role of Dr. I.Q. were Jimmy McClain and Stanley Vainrib. The radio version aired until November 29, 1950 on the NBC and ABC networks. Valentine and McClain were also the hosts of Dr. I.Q. Jr., a juvenile version heard on NBC from 1941 to 1949.
The basic premise of the game involved assistants who wandered the theater looking for audience members to play the game. When the assistant found someone willing to play, he or she would say, "I have a gentleman in the balcony, Doctor!" or something similar. The host would then say, depending on the difficulty of the question: "Two (more or less) silver dollars and a box of Mars Bars if you can answer this!" Then he would pose a general-knowledge question to the contestant. A correct answer would win the stated dollar amount and candy in the first part of the game and $20 in the second part; incorrect answers would result in a $1 consolation prize. All prizes were paid in silver dollars. A home listener was selected each week to play the game via telephone.
At some point during the show, a jingle would play, and the contestant would get a chance to spin the "Wisdom Wheel," which would contain prize amounts from $1 to $100, each of which corresponded to a question whose difficulty increased with the prize amount. Other features were the "Biographical Sketch" and the "Thought Twister". For "The Lady in the Balcony" a female contestant in the theater balcony was asked a series of five questions. She would be allowed five incorrect answers. If she had any misses still available after five questions, she would return the following week to face five more questions with the remaining misses in play. If she was able to survive four weeks without incorrectly answering five questions, she won a jackpot prize.
Television.
The television version ran on ABC from November 4, 1953 to October 17, 1954 and again from December 15, 1958 to March 23, 1959. The first host was Jay Owen. However, beginning January 18, 1954, McClain began hosting again. Tom Kennedy, who went on to become one of the top game show hosts in the country, hosted the 1958-59 version. Art Fleming, later the first host of "Jeopardy!", was an assistant during the original run.
The television version did not tour to various cities. The first run of the television show was broadcast from the Elysee Theater in New York City, while the second run was broadcast from Studio D of the ABC Television Center in Los Angeles.
Episode status.
Only one episode is known to exist of the 1953-54 version, and it is with McClain as host. Four episodes exist with Kennedy (including a probable pilot taped on October 15, 1958) along with a pilot for a television version of "Dr. I.Q. Jr."

</doc>
<doc id="9881405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881405" title="KZBT">
KZBT

KZBT (93.3 FM, "B93") is a Rhythmic Top 40 station serving the Odessa, Texas area. 
KZBT originally signed on with a country music format in the mid-1970s. In December 1985 it was flipped to a rock format and named "Rock 93 K-B-A-T The Bat". The station was successful for the rest of the 80s and most of the 90s but lost much of its audience in the late 90s and the format flipped to rhythmic CHR in September 1998 and launched "B93 The Beat of the Basin" with the former airstaff of KCHX "Power 106.7." The station is now known as "B93 - Blazin' Hip Hop and R&B."
B93 was issued the call letters KZBT on September 13, 2005 as a switch from the former call letters KBAT that were issued to the frequency since its sign on in the mid-1970s. This was done to free up the call letters for the return of KBAT as a rock station at 99.9 FM.
As of June 2007, KZBT is also being simulcast over the frequency 97.3 in Pecos, Texas. The call letters being used for Pecos are KGEE. Townsquare Media owns the station.
You can listen to B 93 online at http://b93.net/listen-live/popup/

</doc>
<doc id="9881412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881412" title="German submarine U-120 (1940)">
German submarine U-120 (1940)

German submarine "U-120" was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. She was laid down on 31 March 1938 at the Flender Werke, Lübeck as 'werk' 268. She was launched on 16 March 1940 and commissioned on 20 April under "Oberleutnant zur See" ("Oblt.z.S.") Ernst Bauer.
Emblem.
"U-120"s emblem was an oak leaf, with an anchor, and a knife or dagger. She also shared this emblem with , , , and .
Built for China.
The Chinese Nationalist government used 10,000,000 Marks to order two Type IIB U-boats in 1937. They also dispatched 80 men to Germany for training in submarine operations. The Japanese government complained about this transaction, so the Chinese took their money back and these two vessels joined the "Kriegsmarine" after the outbreak of the Second World War in Europe. They were "U-120" and "U-121".
Career.
"U-120" was active from 1940 until she was scuttled in 1945. She was one of two Type II U-boats built at the Flender Werke in Lübeck. Along with her sister boat , she was originally built for export to China. The advent of World War II and increased training needs, led the German high command to assign "U-120" and "U-121" to the training command. From 20 April 1940 to 30 June she was part of the "U-Bootschulflottille". In July 1940 she became part of the 21st U-boat Flotilla as a training boat until 16 March 1945 when she became part of the 31st U-boat Flotilla (training) until 2 May 1945 when she was scuttled at Bremerhaven. The boat was raised in 1950 and broken up for scrap.
Many sources incorrectly report that "U-120" sank due to a malfunctioning toilet. This submarine was actually the much larger .

</doc>
<doc id="9881417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881417" title="Henry Duncombe">
Henry Duncombe

Henry Duncombe (1728–1818), M.P. for Yorkshire (1780–96), lived at Copgrove, Yorkshire.
Duncombe was a vocal supporter of the Parliamentary struggle for the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts. According to "The Journal of the House of Commons" the campaign for repeal reached Parliament on March 5, 1792, and a petition from stewards of societies in Bradford, Yorkshire was ordered to be considered by a committee, including the Yorkshire M.P.s Henry Duncombe and William Wilberforce.
He is more well known in popular culture for inventing the Yorkshire reverse knight.

</doc>
<doc id="9881425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881425" title="June Bacon-Bercey">
June Bacon-Bercey

June Bacon-Bercey is an international expert on weather and aviation who has worked for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National Weather Service and the Atomic Energy Commission.
Bacon-Bercey was the first woman, as well as the first African-American, to be awarded the American Meteorological Society's Seal of Approval for excellence in television weathercasting when she was working in Buffalo, New York in the 1970s. After working in Buffalo, she spent nearly ten years as the Chief of Broadcast Services at NOAA and worked on a number of other projects.
In 2000, she was honored during a three-day conference at Howard University for her contributions including: helping to establish a meteorology lab at Jackson State University in Mississippi, her endowment of a scholarship given each year by the American Geophysical Union and her work in California's public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9881426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881426" title="Bright Side of the Road">
Bright Side of the Road

"Bright Side of the Road" is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison and included on his 1979 album "Into the Music". It was also one of the outtakes that made up the 1998 compilation album, The Philosopher's Stone. As a single "Bright Side of the Road" was released in September 1979 and charted at #48 in the Netherlands, #63 in the UK and just outside the Billboard Hot 100 in the USA at #110.
Recording and composition.
It was recorded in spring 1979 at Record Plant Studios in Sausalito, California with Mick Glossop as engineer.
According to biographer Brian Hinton it is "an answer in song to 'The Dark End of the Street' and it is wonderfully light, in spirit and texture."
Other releases.
"Bright Side of the Road" is featured as the opening tune on the 1990 compilation album "The Best of Van Morrison". Another version of it was on the collection of outtakes on the 1998 compilation album "The Philosopher's Stone". A live version as performed at the festival appeared on the 2006 limited edition CD "Live at Austin City Limits Festival". As it appeared in the movie "Fever Pitch" in 1997, it is one of the songs included in Van Morrison's 2007 compilation album "Van Morrison at the Movies - Soundtrack Hits". A remastered version of the song was included on another compilation album, "Still on Top - The Greatest Hits" that was released in 2007..
In the media.
It was featured in the soundtrack of the American fantasy motion picture, Michael released in 1996.
In 2004, "Bright Side of the Road", was featured in the UNESCO advertisements for World Press Freedom Day.
Covers.
"Bright Side of the Road" has been covered by many artists over the years, including: Shakira, Josh Graves, Hothouse Flowers, Raul Malo, Jerry Garcia Band, 001 Ensemble, Brendan Boyer, Antawn Jefferson, and David West.
On January 20, 2009, Shakira performed "Bright Side of the Road" at the Live at the Neighborhood Ball for President Barack Obama's inauguration ceremony celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="9881450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881450" title="Jonathan Clark">
Jonathan Clark

Jonathan Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9881459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881459" title="Sardinian Reformers">
Sardinian Reformers

The Sardinian Reformers ("Riformatori Sardi", RS) is a liberal and Christian-democratic political party in Sardinia based in Sardinia, led by Massimo Fantola and Michele Cossa. The party, which has always been part of the centre-right at the regional level, is a keen supporter of the free market, competition, globalization and a two-party system.
History.
The party emerged in 1993 as the Sardinian section of the Patto Segni. This list was launched by Mario Segni, a former Christian Democrat from Sardinia, and was composed basically of disgruntled Christian Democrats and Liberals.
When the Patto Segni entered the centre-left coalition in the run-up for the 1996 general election (through Italian Renewal, the RS gained some independence from the mother-party, and, when at the 1999 European Parliament election Segni formed a joint-list with National Alliance, some of their members looked closer to Forza Italia.
Led by Michele Cossa and Massimo Fantola, the RS were part of the centre-right in Sardinia since 1999 and, at the 2001 general election, Cossa was elected deputy in a single-seat constituency in Cagliari for the House of Freedoms coalition.
During the years in government of Silvio Berlusconi (2001–2006), the RS started to be critical of the centre-right. In 2003 they contributed to the foundation of the new national party of Mario Segni named Pact of Liberal Democrats. This party was on the ballot at the 2004 European Parliament election and won only a misere 0.5% (7.4% in Sardinia). In the same year RS won 5.9% of the vote at the regional election, having 4 Reformers elected to the Regional Council.
In the 2006 general election Fantola was elected senators for the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats (UDC), at the time member of the House of Freedoms, while Cossa, candidate for the Chamber of Deputies, failed to be elected. For the 2008 general election they tried to form an alliance with The People of Freedom, but talks failed.
At the 2009 regional election the party was part of the centre-right coalition in support of Ugo Cappellacci, who was elected President. The RS won 6.8% of the vote (having their strongholds in the provinces of Oristano and Olbia-Tempio, where they gained 10.0 and 8.7%, respectively) and five regional councillors (including Cossa) plus one (Franco Meloni, a former leading member of the Sardinian Action Party) elected in Cappellacci's regional list.
At the 2010 provincial elections the party was strongest in Oristano (9.0%), Olbia-Tempio (8.9%) and Cagliari (7.3%). In 2011 Fantola was the centre-right candidate for mayor of Cagliari, but he was severely defeated by his left-wing opponent.
In the 2013 general election the RS were part of Civic Choice and had one of their members, Pierpaolo Vargiu, elected to the Chamber.
In the 2014 regional election, during which Cappellacci lost to Francesco Pigliaru, the RS won 6.0% of the vote and three regional councillors.
Popular support.
The electoral results of the RS in Sardinia since 1994 are shown in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="9881461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881461" title="Jim Cox">
Jim Cox

Jim Cox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9881469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881469" title="Anwar Siraj">
Anwar Siraj

Anwar Siraj (born 8 December 1978 in Ethiopia) is retired Ethiopian footballer. 
Siraj was also a member of the Ethiopia national football team. He finished his career in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9881475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881475" title="Bung Khla District">
Bung Khla District

Bung Khla (; ) is a district ("Amphoe") of Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was split off from Bueng Kan district on April 1, 1991. It was upgraded to a full district on December 5, 1996.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Bueng Khong Long, Seka and Mueang Bueng Kan of Bueng Kan Province. To the east across the Mekong river is the Laotian province Bolikhamxai.
The Phu Wua Wildlife Sanctuary is located within the district.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 3 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 25 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9881503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881503" title="Jim Cox (baseball)">
Jim Cox (baseball)

James Charles (Jim) Cox (born May 28, 1950 in Bloomington, Illinois) is a former backup second baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos between and . He batted and threw right-handed.
In a four-season career, Cox was a .215 hitter (66-for-307) with three home runs and 33 RBI in 110 games played, including 33 runs, 11 doubles, two triples and three stolen bases.

</doc>
<doc id="9881513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881513" title="Kerstin Wöller">
Kerstin Wöller

Kerstin Wöller (born ) is German bodybuilding champion. 
Employed as a teacher of French and English, Wöller came to her hobby by accident in 1991. She became German champion in her weight class in her first championship, in 2005. Her husband, André Klatt, is also a bodybuilder and is the North German champion. Wöller lives in Kakenstorf near Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9881536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881536" title="Outer Space (video game)">
Outer Space (video game)

Outer Space is a video game made for the Sears Tele-Games Video Arcade, an Atari VCS (Atari 2600) clone. "Outer Space" was released in 1978, possibly in 1977. It is a copy of the game "Star Ship", released in 1977 for the Atari VCS. The difference between the two are cosmetic, mostly relating to packaging, cartridge art, and manual design. This game consists of three separate games with variations; Space War, Space Race, and Lunar Lander.

</doc>
<doc id="9881543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881543" title="Dejan Čukić">
Dejan Čukić

Dejan Čukić (Born 25 November 1966 in Ivangrad, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian-Danish actor.
He appeared in the Wallander TV film series as Lars in "The Ghost", based on the novel by Henning Mankell. He also played Cardinal Giulano della Rovere in the TV drama series "Borgia".

</doc>
<doc id="9881547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881547" title="There Goes Old Georgetown">
There Goes Old Georgetown

"There Goes Old Georgetown" (Listen) is the unofficial name of the Georgetown University sports teams' fight song. It is also known as simply "Georgetown Fight Song". It is actually an amalgamation of three songs, only the oldest of which, 1913's "The Touchdown Song", contains the lyric "here goes old Georgetown". Onto a version of this was added "Cheer for Victory", written in 1915, and "The Hoya Song", written in 1930, both of which are included in their entirety. The authors of these songs, and of the combined version, are unknown. Although some effort has been taken to change the song, no serious proposal has come forth.
Music.
Georgetown's fight song is rare among U.S. university fight songs for mentioning other colleges by name, generally rivals of Georgetown in the early-to-mid 20th century. Specifically, it mentions Yale University, Harvard University, Princeton University, College of the Holy Cross, the United States Naval Academy, and Cornell University, and mocks their fight songs. In the late 20th and early 21st century, the Hoyas only played Cornell and Holy Cross regularly in football, and many of these schools no longer used the fight songs that Georgetown's song mocks. The song lacks references to Big East Conference rivals, such as Villanova.
During men's and woman's basketball games, the line "Straight for a touchdown" is typically changed to "Straight for a rebound," which allows the rhyme to continue. In some editions, both the football and basketball versions are sung back to back, while others repeat the first two verses. The final verse is usually followed by a call and response of the school cheer, "Hoya Saxa." Anyone can start the Georgetown fight song by asking a large group of Hoyas, "How long's it been?" The group will reply with the fight song. Or, if a properly motivated Hoya crowd, starting and holding the long low base note of "It's…" will also work.
Usage.
The song is typically performed at athletics events by the Georgetown University Pep Band, but is also used at other large university occasions. Campus music groups, such as The Georgetown Chimes use the song regularly in their performances. In 2006, Georgetown students produced a film, "Georgetown Forever", which brings to life different elements of the fight song. The fight song has also been parodied by campus groups such as the Georgetown Solidarity Committee. Though freshmen often memorize the lyrics as part their first weeks activities, the song is notoriously difficult to learn, and accurate performance of the fight song is required for membership in certain spirit groups, such as Hoya Blue and the Jack Crew.

</doc>
<doc id="9881557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881557" title="Mike Garland">
Mike Garland

Mike Garland (born May 31, 1954) is a former head basketball coach at Cleveland State University. Before being named head coach at Cleveland State he was an assistant at Michigan State under current head coach Tom Izzo. He was named Cleveland State head coach on April 17, 2003. He was relieved of his coaching duties on March 31, 2006. Garland spent one year as an assistant coach at SMU under head coach Matt Doherty, before rejoining the Michigan State basketball staff in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9881561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881561" title="St. Petersburg, Florida riot of 1996">
St. Petersburg, Florida riot of 1996

African-American riots occurred in St. Petersburg, Florida in 1996 following the death of a black man during a police traffic stop.
Initial incident.
At approximately 2 p.m. on Thursday, October 24, 1996, Officer James Knight of the St. Petersburg Police Department and his partner executed a traffic stop on a suspected stolen vehicle, which turned out not to be stolen. The driver of this vehicle, Tyron Lewis, an 18-year-old black male, pulled over to the side of the road. Officer Knight alleges he ordered Lewis to exit the vehicle, an order he alleges was not obeyed. 
Knight alleged that he moved to the front of the vehicle and ordered Lewis to exit the vehicle. He alleges Lewis's vehicle rolled towards Knight at slow speed, which Knight contends pushed him towards active traffic lanes on 16th Street South. Knight drew his weapon and then fired at least three shots. Lewis was critically injured and taken to Bayfront Medical Center where he later died.
Riots.
During the investigation immediately following this event, a large crowd had gathered and became agitated due to the police department not sharing information and a number of witnesses describing events. The situation quickly got out of hand and the crowd began throwing rocks, bottles, and other items at police officers. 
Police officers received reinforcements from other local agencies and off-duty St. Petersburg Police officers. As officers and Sheriff deputies shot tear gas into the crowd and dispersed the initial crowd at 16th Street and 18th Avenue South, a number of individuals continued rioting through the area of St. Petersburg known as Midtown.
At least 20 people were arrested and 28 arson fires were confirmed as groups of """youths""" ran back and forth throughout the night, throwing rocks, bricks and bottles at officers in riot gear, businesses and passing cars. At least 11 people were injured, including a police officer who was shot and a newspaper photographer who was beaten, as hundreds of people swarmed through the streets after the shooting on Oct 24th. Stores were looted and thick smoke clouded the neighborhood just south of downtown.
Different media versions.
Media outlets published different versions of the initial incident. The media outlets in and around the St. Petersburg area included the information that the car Lewis was driving was suspected of being stolen. Media outlets outside the area only mentioned that Lewis was pulled over for speeding. Additionally, many published articles did not mention that Lewis had cocaine in the car, both cocaine and marijuana in his system and a warrant for his arrest.
Aftermath.
After the rioting, Officer James Knight and his partner Sandra Minor were put on paid leave while investigation into their actions took place. Within a few weeks, the two officers were cleared of all charges by a grand jury, igniting further rioting.
Gymnasium naming.
The People's Democratic Uhuru Movement has a gym named "Uhuru Black Gym of Our Own." City leaders moved the gym to an abandoned building on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. St. S., renovated the building and renamed it to "All People's TyRon Lewis Community Gym." This move sparked controversy with many police officers.
Depictions.
In 2009, the independent movie "Loren Cass" was released in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9881570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881570" title="Conrad Beck">
Conrad Beck

Conrad Arthur Beck (16 June 1901, Lohn, Schaffhausen – 31 October 1989, Basel) was a Swiss composer.
Beck was the son of a pastor. His stay in Paris between 1924 and 1933 proved crucial to his artistic development, where he studied with Jacques Ibert and also made contact with Arthur Honegger, Nadia Boulanger, and Albert Roussel. Returning to Basel in 1933, he headed the music department of Radio Basel for the next thirty years. He helped mediate cultural exchange through his many contacts with Swiss and international musicians.
At the suggestion of Swiss conductor Paul Sacher (1906–1999), who promoted his career more than any other composer, Beck settled in Basel in 1934. During a period of over 50 years, Sacher commissioned his works and conducted their premieres with the chamber orchestra "Basler Kammerorchester" and the Collegium Musicum Zürich. From 1939 to 1966 Beck worked as music director of Swiss Radio in Basel, a position that enabled him to do a great deal to promote contemporary music.
On the occasion of Paul Sacher's 70th birthday, Beck was asked, together with 11 composer friends (Luciano Berio, Pierre Boulez, Benjamin Britten, Henri Dutilleux, Wolfgang Fortner, Alberto Ginastera, Cristobal Halffter, Hans Werner Henze, Heinz Holliger, Klaus Huber and Witold Lutosławski), by Russian cellist Mstislav Rostropovich to write a composition for cello which used the notes creating Sacher's name: eS, A, C, H, E, Re (E, A, C, B, E, D). Beck created a three-movement work entitled "Für Paul Sacher, Drei Epigramme" for cello solo. The compositions were partially presented in Zürich on 2 May 1976. The first complete performance of the "eSACHERe" project will be given by Czech Cellist František Brikcius in Prague this autumn 2010-2011.
His honours include the composition prize of the Schweizerischer Tonkünstlerverein (1954), the Ludwig Spohr Prize of the city of Brunswick (1956) and the Basle Arts Prize (1964).
Beck's music is characterized by a large measure of seriousness, tenacity, and depth of expression, but also by transparency and a sense of harmonic proportion. He composed a number of orchestral and choral works in the style of Arthur Honegger, the best known of which was "Der Tod zu Basel", a piece for choir, soloists, speaker, and orchestra. Besides opera, his work extended to all kinds of instrumental and vocal music, including seven symphonies, seven concertos, chamber music, one oratorio, one lyric cantata, one elegy, and one ballet, "Der große Bär".

</doc>
<doc id="9881576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881576" title="Parklands High School, Chorley">
Parklands High School, Chorley

Parklands High School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in Chorley, Lancashire, England.
History.
Grammar school.
The current Parklands High School was originally called Chorley Grammar School. It was originally housed in buildings in Union Street, Chorley which is now home to the public library.
It changed its name in 1970, when the school changed from a grammar school to a comprehensive school, to Parklands High School.
Comprehensive.
The current school buildings were opened in 1959. There were two major building additions in the 2000s - A new Art, RE, Drama, Science wing which replaced the previous ROSLA block which was demolished, a new sports hall and in (2010) a extension to the front of the building to extend the dining area and reception. In addition students created a new outdoor social area. Parklands was first made a Language College in 2003.
Academy.
Parklands High School converted to academy status in September 2012, meaning the school in now independent of local authority control.
Academic performance.
GCSE results 2010
78% of students achieved 5 or more A* - C grades
30% of all grades were A* or A
6 subject areas achieved 90% A* - C grades 
A further 5 subject areas achieved 75% A* - C grades

</doc>
<doc id="9881636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881636" title="Michael Payne (interior designer)">
Michael Payne (interior designer)

Michael Payne is the host and interior designer of Home and Garden Television's show Designing for the Sexes.
Payne is the author of "Let's Ask Michael," published in 2003. It was designed by his son, Juston Payne, and published by McGraw-Hill. According to Juston's website, a second book ("Michael's Method") is currently in the works, though specifics on release date are absent.
Michael designed a series of furniture lines, which have been manufactured and distributed by Powell. They are currently for sale through independent distributors. He is frequently the featured speaker at home shows and expos. In 2006, he began a relationship with Wickes Furniture, promoting pieces of their collection he deemed "must haves."

</doc>
<doc id="9881656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881656" title="Cricket grounds in Andhra Pradesh">
Cricket grounds in Andhra Pradesh

The following table lists the cricket grounds in Andhra Pradesh that have hosted First-Class Matches and List A Cricket Matches. Also, included in the list are the cricket grounds that have hosted International matches in Andhra Pradesh.
References.
Cricket Grounds in India

</doc>
<doc id="9881664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881664" title="Pho Tak District">
Pho Tak District

Pho Tak () is a district ("Amphoe") of Nong Khai Province, northeastern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Sangkhom, Si Chiang Mai and Tha Bo of Nong Khai Province, and Ban Phue of Udon Thani Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on July 1, 1997 by splitting off the three "tambon" Pho Tak, Phon Thong and Dan Si Suk from Si Chiang Mai district.
Following a decision of the Thai government on May 15, 2007, all of the 81 minor districts were to be upgraded to full districts. With the publishing in the Royal Gazette on August 24 the upgrade became official.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 3 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 27 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9881680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881680" title="Speak, Bird, Speak Again">
Speak, Bird, Speak Again

Speak, Bird, Speak Again: A book of Palestinian folk tales is a book first published in English in 1989 by Palestinian authors Ibrahim Muhawi and professor of sociology and anthropology at Bir Zeit University Sharif Kanaana.
After the original English book of 1989, a French version, published by UNESCO, followed in 1997, and an Arabic one in Lebanon in 2001.
The book contains a collection of 45 Palestinian folk tales drawn from a collection of two hundred tales narrated by women from different areas of historic Palestine (the Galilee, the West Bank, and Gaza). The stories collected were chosen on the basis of their popularity, their aesthetic and narrative qualities, and what they tell about popular Palestinian culture dating back many centuries. The authors spent 30 years collecting the material for the book.
The English version of the book is studied as part of literature courses at both University of California at Berkeley and Chicago University, and Kana'nah himself taught the study of the book in the masters programs at Bir Zeit University.
Some of the folk tales from "Speak, Bird, Speak Again" have been used in other collections/books:
Controversy.
In 2007 the Hamas-run Palestinian Authority (PA) banned the book and issued a directive to pull Professor Kanaana's book from school libraries and destroy it, however, the ban was later lifted. The book was misinterpreted, explained the author, "since it was not meant to be taught to children, as it is taught at the masters and doctorate level literature studies."
The Palestinian novelist Zakariya Mohammed warned that Hamas' decision to ban the book, which is a collection of 45 folk tales, was "only the beginning" and he urged intellectuals to take action. He said: "If we don't stand up to the Islamists now, they won't stop confiscating books, songs and folklore".

</doc>
<doc id="9881684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881684" title="Niki Spiridakos">
Niki Spiridakos

Niki Spiridakos is an American actress.

</doc>
<doc id="9881697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881697" title="Officers' Commissions Act 1862">
Officers' Commissions Act 1862

The Officers' Commissions Act 1862 (25 & 26 Vict. c. 4) was an Act of Parliament of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It provided that any officer's commission in the British Army could be issued without the royal sign-manual, provided that it was signed by a principal secretary of state and the commander in chief, or an appropriate officer depending on the specific branch of service. For the Royal Marines, a signature from the Admiralty was required.
The Act, whilst amended to reflect changes in the military and political structure since 1862, is still in force.

</doc>
<doc id="9881722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881722" title="Wragby">
Wragby

Wragby is a small town and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated at the junction of the A157 and A158 roads, and approximately north-west from Horncastle and about north-east from the county town of Lincoln.
History.
Wragby is named in the "Domesday Book" as "Waragebi", when it consisted of 23 households a mill and a church. 
The 'Rout Yard', a scheduled monument in the form of two moated islands and associated ditched enclosures, is the remains of a medieval manorial complex. In 1086 there were two manors at Wragby, one in the possession of Erenis of Buron, the other, Waldin the Artificer. The surviving remains possibly represent the Buron manor which held responsibility for a church. The church was dismantled in 1836 when a new church was established closer to the modern village centre. The 18th-century brick-built chancel was kept as a cemetery chapel until the 1980s when it too was demolished.
The ruins of the older church can be seen from the bottom of the cemetery, and are from the grade II listed church of All Saints which was built in 1839 by W. A. Nicholson. 
Wragby was a market town and staging centre through a charter dating back to Charles II. The market was held on a Thursday, and there was a fair held on 1 May, and 28–29 September.
Wragby railway station and a grammar school founded in 1635, and rebuilt in 1775 are both now in residential use. There was also a Grade II listed windmill, built in 1831. It was powered by six sails until 1903 when it ceased working. 
Over time Wragby has evolved to be a stopping point en route to the coastal town of Skegness, with amenities including three public houses, a fish shop, café, and a supermarket. The population of Wragby has expanded though the building of two new housing estates; a third estate began development in late 2009, with completion expected by early 2012. Kier Group initially began the new construction projects after buying-out local homebuilder Hugh Bourn. However, Kier then themselves sold the land and properties to "Linden Homes" (themselves a subsidiary of Galliford Try), who have continued construction of sites in the town, such as Carpenters Lodge.
Modern facilities.
The primary school educates just under 200 pupils from reception to Year 6; there is a pre-school unit next to the school.
A regular bus service linking Wragby to Horncastle, Spilsby and Skegness (eastward), and to Lincoln (westward), is operated by Stagecoach.
There was a railway station on the Louth to Bardney line; because of under-use the line closed to passenger transport in 1951, and to goods in 1960.
Of the Town's football teams, a men's team currently plays in Division 2 of the Sills and Betteridge Lincoln Sunday League; Under-17, Under-15 and Under-13 teams play in the Mid-Lincs youth league; the Under-15 team plays in the 15C League; and the Under-13 team plays in the 13D League.
Wragby has a Youth Club and Young Farmers Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9881759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881759" title="Ran Laurie">
Ran Laurie

William George Ranald Mundell Laurie (4 May 1915 – 19 September 1998), known as Ran Laurie, was a British physician, rowing champion and Olympic gold medallist. His younger son is the actor and writer Hugh Laurie.
Rowing career.
Ran Laurie was born in Grantchester, Cambridgeshire in 1915. A member of Leander rowing club, Laurie began his rowing career at Monkton Combe School, and continued rowing when he attended Selwyn College, Cambridge in 1933 where he was a member of the Hermes Club.
A. P. McEldowney, the chronicler of Selwyn rowing and founder of UL Boat Club said of Laurie: "This year (1933) there arrived at Selwyn a Freshman who was not only the most famous oarsman Selwyn ever had, but also one of the most famous Great Britain ever had — WGRM Laurie. And we can truly claim him as a Selwyn oarsman. He had always told me he learnt all his rowing from Taffy Jones at Monkton Combe School. And where but Selwyn did Taffy learn his rowing?"
Laurie rowed for Cambridge in the Boat Races in 1934, 1935 and 1936, all of which were won by Cambridge. He was in the boat with Jack Wilson, who was to become his rowing partner later in their careers. At the 1936 Olympics, he rowed as Stroke in Great Britain's eight, the team eventually finishing in fourth place. Together, Laurie and Wilson, rowing for Leander Club won the Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta in 1938.
After war interrupted their rowing careers, Laurie and Wilson returned to Henley in 1948, once again winning the Silver Goblets. This was followed a month later by a gold medal in the coxless pairs event at the 1948 Olympics in London, rowing on their familiar Henley course. It was described by Laurie as "the best row we ever had". Laurie and Wilson were the best pair of their generation, and it was not until a young Steve Redgrave and Andy Holmes won the Olympics in 1988 that Britons once more excelled in this class of boat. Laurie and Wilson were known as the "Desert Rats" because of their sojourn in the Sudan. They were trained at Leander Club by Alexander McCulloch who won a Silver medal at the 1908 Olympics. Their boat is now on show at the River and Rowing Museum at Henley-on-Thames, hanging above the boat that won the 1996 Summer Olympics with Redgrave and Pinsent.
Laurie was elected a steward of Henley Royal Regatta in 1951, and also served as a Henley umpire. He sat on Henley's management committee between 1975 and 1986.
Colonial and medical career.
Laurie joined the Sudan Political Service in 1936. In 1954 he qualified as a medical doctor, working for thirty years as a General Practitioner in Blackbird Leys, Oxford. He also chaired the Oxford Committee of The Duke of Edinburgh's Award between 1959 and 1969, and the Oxford branch of Save the Children from 1986 to 1989. In 2005, it was proposed that the newly refurbished health centre in Blackbird Leys be named after Laurie in recognition of his service to the local community; however, it was subsequently named The Leys, after the local area, when it opened in February 2006.
Personal life.
Laurie was born in Grantchester, Cambridgeshire in 1915, the son of Margaret Grieve (née Mundell) (1886-1959) and William Walker Laurie (1882-1976). He was of Scottish descent. Laurie was married to Patricia Laidlaw from 1944 until her death from motor neurone disease in 1989; both were members of their local Presbyterian church. They had two daughters and two sons, the younger of whom is the actor and writer Hugh Laurie. Both sons followed in their father's footsteps, rowing for Selwyn College and Cambridge University. Ran Laurie married Mrs Douglas Ernest Arbuthnot, (Evaline) Mary Arbuthnot, née Morgan in 1990 in Norfolk. He died of Parkinson's disease in 1998 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="9881760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881760" title="Seo Jeong-min">
Seo Jeong-min

Seo Jeong-min (; born 5 January 1934) is a South Korean cinematographer, and has worked on over 130 films since 1959.
Awards.
He won a Grand Bell Award for cinematography in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9881761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881761" title="Kettle Creek Reservoir">
Kettle Creek Reservoir

Kettle Creek Reservoir is a reservoir at Kettle Creek State Park in Leidy Township, Clinton County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is open to some recreational boating, fishing and ice fishing. It was constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1961. Gas powered motors are prohibited on the reservoir. Motorized boats must be powered by electric motors only. Sailboats, rowboats, canoes, kayaks, and paddleboats are permitted on the waters of the lake. All boats must be properly registered with any state. The swimming area at the lake is on the northern end of the reservoir. Swim at your own risk. Lifeguards are not provided.
Alvin R. Bush Dam on Kettle Creek is an earth and rockfill, flood control dam. It stands at a maximum height of 165 feet (50 m) above the stream bed and is 1,350 feet (410 m) across. The reservoir has a capacity of 75,000 acre feet (93,000,000 m³) at the spillway crest. It covers 160 acres (0.6 km²) and is 2.2 miles (4 km) long. Alvin R. Bush Dam controls about of the Kettle Creek drainage area. This is 92% of the total Kettle Creek drainage area.

</doc>
<doc id="9881793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881793" title="German Workers' Party (Austria-Hungary)">
German Workers' Party (Austria-Hungary)

The German Workers' Party ("Deutsche Arbeiterpartei", DAP) in Austria-Hungary is the predecessor of the Austrian and Czechoslovak "Deutsche Nationalsozialistische Arbeiterpartei" (DNSAP), founded on 14 November 1903, in Aussig (Ústí nad Labem), Bohemia. Its founders were Karl Hermann Wolf, an earlier adherent of Georg von Schönerer, and Ferdinand Burschofsky.
The German Worker's Party sought to defend German interests in the Czech lands. Its party program was founded on Pan-Germanism, and vehemently anti-Slavic, anti-Junker, anti-Catholic, anti-capitalist, anti-Semitic, anti-Marxist and anti-liberal.
In the elections for the Imperial Council in 1905 and 1911, the party obtained 3 seats. Hans Knirsch was chosen as parliamentary chairman in 1912. At the end of the First World War, Walter Riehl would take over as leader of Austrian part of the party, which would be renamed the Deutsche Nationalsozialistische Arbeiterpartei (DNSAP). Concurrently, Hans Knirsch would take up the leadership of the Czechoslovak DNSAP, a forerunner of the Sudeten German National Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9881821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881821" title="The House Is Black">
The House Is Black

The House Is Black () is an acclaimed Iranian documentary short film directed by Forough Farrokhzad.
The film is a look at life and suffering in a leper colony and focuses on the human condition and the beauty of creation. It is spliced with Farrokhzad's narration of quotes from the Old Testament, the Koran and her own poetry. The film was based on the Behkadeh Raji colony. It was the only film she directed before her death in 1967. During the shooting she became attached to a child of two lepers, whom she later adopted.
Although the film attracted little attention outside Iran when released, it has since been recognised as a landmark in Iranian film. Reviewer Eric Henderson described the film; "One of the prototypal essay films, "The House is Black" paved the way for the Iranian New Wave."

</doc>
<doc id="9881830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881830" title="Behind the Mirror (song)">
Behind the Mirror (song)

"Behind the Mirror" is a single by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1987. It was released on 12" black vinyl, a limited edition 12" picture disc, and as a cassette single.

</doc>
<doc id="9881836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881836" title="Eddy Clarisse">
Eddy Clarisse

Eddy Clarisse (born May 27, 1972) is a retired badminton player from Mauritius, who started playing badminton in 1987, ending his career in March 2006 at the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia. 
Clarisse has participated three times in the Olympic Games (Barcelona 1992, Atlanta 1996, Sydney 2000). He has also been African champion three times in the men's singles (1992, 1994, 1998), also African champion in men's doubles and the team event in 2000. 
Clarisse counts several participations at the World Championships and in the Thomas Cup. He has a total of nine gold medals at Indian Ocean Island Games, hence two in the Men's singles (1993 and 1998). With his 10 titles as Mauritius champion in the men's singles and almost as many in men's Doubles, he remains until now the most successful badminton player of this small island in the Indian Ocean. 2005 he won the Kenya International.

</doc>
<doc id="9881852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881852" title="Operating Cameraman Magazine">
Operating Cameraman Magazine

Operating Cameraman Magazine is a semi-annual publication founded in 1991 by the Society of Operating Cameramen. Written from the perspective of the camera operator, each issue deals with issues relevant to sound stages in the world-wide motion picture industry. It includes articles on the development of the motion picture camera (from the silent era through modern equipment), aspect ratios, set etiquette, the digital revolution, and other informational subjects.
In 2007, the title of the semi-annual publication was changed to the "Camera Operator Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="9881853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881853" title="Simca 8">
Simca 8

The Simca 8 was a car built and sold in France between November 1937 and 1951 (including wartime), available as a sedan, coupé or cabriolet. It was a rebadged Fiat 508C "nuova Balilla" made at Fiat's Simca plant in Nanterre France.
High profile launch breaking records.
The Simca 8 was first presented, at the Motor Show in October 1937, and sales in France started almost immediately in November. Early the next summer Henri Pigozzi, Simca's energetic boss, organised a three part endurance run under the supervision of the ACF. A single Simca 8 undertook a "non-stop" 50,000 kilometer (31,075 miles) run split as follows:
The initial 10,000 km round the race-circuit south of Paris involved breaking no fewer than 8 international records, although the manufacturer's advertisement including this information does not spell out what these records were. The purpose of the exercise was, of course, to gain positive publicity for the Simca 8, and as soon as the 50,000 kilometers had been completed, on 12 May 1938, a press dinner was organised at which the journalists were able to dine with the drivers, the ACF monitors, and the Simca directors as well as representatives from Shell and Dunlop, whose products had presumably played a key role in the exercise.
The printed summary of the event, used to advertise to the wider public, concluded with an invitation that the reader "achetez la "même" voiture" (buy the "same" car).
The engine.
The '8' in the car's name did not indicate an eight-cylinder engine; it had but four cylinders, and was officially rated as a 6CV vehicle for tax purposes. At launch the car featured a 1,089 cc engine with a claimed output of 32 hp at 4,000 rpm. Fuel feed came via a Solex 30mm carburetor and overhead valves driven, using rods and rocker arms, by a side-mounted camshaft. An unusual feature at the time was the use of aluminium for the cylinder head.
Shortly before it was replaced in 1951, the Simca 8 had acquired, in September 1949, the Fiat designed 1,221 cc engine which would also be employed its successor, the popular 7CV Simca 9 Aronde.
The body.
At launch only two bodies were offered, these being a 4-door "berline" (saloon/sedan) and a 2-door four seater cabriolet. This contrasted with the Simca's Italian cousin for which a wider range of bodies was available from the start and it also marked a departure from the strategy followed by Simca themselves with the predecessor model, the Simca-Fiat 6CV which had been offered with almost as wide a range of body variants as its Turin built relative. The four door body was unusual in that there was no central pillar between the front doors, hinged at the front, and the rear doors, hinged at the back, permitting particularly easy access when a front and rear door were opened simultaneously. In 1937 the Simca 8 4-door Berline was priced at 23,900 Francs for a "Normale" version and at 25,900 Francs for a "Grande Luxe". The Peugeot 202 made its debut only six months later, in Spring 1938, and was priced at 21,300 Francs for a "Normale" version and at 22,500 Francs for a "Luxe". The cars were similar in size and power, but sales data suggest that the market found space for both of them, despite the Simca's higher price.
The post war range became wider, with coupé, cabriolet and after 1948 station wagon versions listed, but these were all substantially more expensive than the berline(sedan): virtually all the cars sold were still Simca 8 Berlines, which early in 1947 were priced at 330,000 francs against 420,000 francs for the cabriolet. (The slightly longer but slightly slower competitor from Peugeot, the 202 was priced at 303,600 francs which included a sun roof at no extra cost.)
Over the course of a few years the Simca 8 underwent some grille changes, and other minor upgrades.
Market reaction.
The Simca 8 won plaudits for its lively temperament and excellent fuel economy. The four ratios on the new gear box were chosen so that even when cruising at 110 km/h (68 mph) fuel consumption remained reasonable, and set to permit good progress along country roads and reasonable acceleration even in hilly areas. The car also came with unusually precise steering and efficient hydraulically controlled brakes that did not overheat.
Commentators nevertheless noted that the engine was noisy when working hard, the (semaphore style) direction indicators were fragile, and the ambitiously sophisticated front suspension also proved fragile when confronted with France's rural roads, many of which were still unpaved. The gear box could be disagreeable when changing down across the gate from third speed to second, and the car was only just large enough for four people, with only a small storage area for luggage, located in a hard to get at position behind the back seat and without any external access.
Commercial.
For most of the time the Simca 8's principal competitors were the "bargain basement" Renault Juvaquatre and the Peugeot 202. After the war, with the Juvaquatre range restricted to an estate/ station wagon version, and Peugeot moving half a market segment up at the end of 1948 replacing the Peugeot 202 with the larger 203, sales of the Simca 8 held up impressively even though the Simca was itself by now clearly nearing the end of its production run. In 1948 the Simca 8 was Simca's top seller, with approximately 14,000 sold, almost all of them saloons/sedans. Two years later, in its penultimate year, the car was being produced at an even higher rate.
The principal complication arose from the fact that the car was in most respects a badge engineered Fiat, which compromised its export potential, which was a particular issue after the war, when government (and the state of the French economy) were demanding heroic export effort from France's leading auto-makers.
The French car market in the early 1950s was concentrated, with just three models between them accounting for two thirds of domestic sales in 1950. Nevertheless, as the fourth best selling car of 1950 the Simca 8 with unit sales of 17,705 in that year achieved a respectable 10.2% market share.

</doc>
<doc id="9881855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881855" title="Dealu">
Dealu

Dealu (, meaning "Russian Mountain"; Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. The commune is known for its plum-based pálinka and is composed of seven villages:
History.
The villages belonged to the Székely seat of Udvarhelyszék until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Odorhei County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Hungarian Autonomous Province, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 3,902 of which 99.31% or 3,875 are Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9881861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881861" title="Jaílson">
Jaílson

Jaílson Alexandre Alves dos Santos or simply Jaílson (born June 16, 1981 in Caruaru), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder or striker who currently plays for Treze Futebol Clube.

</doc>
<doc id="9881864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881864" title="All the Young Men">
All the Young Men

All the Young Men is a 1960 Korean War feature film starring Alan Ladd and Sidney Poitier dealing with desegregation in the United States Marine Corps.
Plot.
Poitier plays a Korean War sergeant commanding a small, isolated and decimated platoon of American Marines. The film explores the racial integration of the American military, centering on the African-American sergeant's struggle to win the trust and respect of the men in his unit.
When the platoon commander is mortally wounded in an ambush, he passes the role of platoon leader to the next highest ranking man, Sergeant Towler (Poitier). Towler initially feels the role should be taken by the combat experienced former Sergeant now Private Kincaid (Ladd) who has eleven years of service as a Marine. However, Kincaid lost his former rank through misconduct and doing things his own way. Kincaid's prowess as a hero is demonstrated in the opening battle scene where he picks up a M1919 Browning machine gun and fires it from the hip into charging North Korean hordes.
Before he dies, the Lieutenant reminds Towler that he is next in line for command, not Kincaid. One of the platoon, Pvt Bracken (Paul Richards), openly questions Towler's authority in favour of Kincaid.
With their radio destroyed in the ambush, Sgt Towler leads the ten survivors of the platoon to a house strategically located at a pass that the men can hold until the rest of the battalion arrives.
Production.
Hall Bartlett designed a film for Sidney Poitier that he signed on a contract and a percentage of the profits. Bartlett based the idea of the film on the integration of the military in the Korean War. However only Columbia Pictures would finance his film with Columbia insisting that Bartlett rewrite the film for a white co-star. Bartlett found the only major star willing to do the film was Alan Ladd who co-produced the film.
The film features an unusual cast who works well together. In addition to Alan Ladd and Sidney Poitier the cast includes Mort Sahl who does a comedy routine, James Darren who sings the title song, Glenn Corbett and boxer Ingemar Johansson in his American film debut. Bartlett cast his Argentine wife Ana María Lynch/Ana St. Clair as a Korean, Mario Alcalde as an American Indian, Hollywood born Paul Richards as a bigoted Southerner, and cast local Blackfoot Indians as North Koreans. "All the Young Men" was filmed in Glacier National Park (U.S.) and Mt. Hood Oregon.
Columbia planned two separate advertising campaigns for the film to white and black audiences. Columbia also used Quentin Reynolds to promote the film in advertising campaigns. A paperback novelisation of the film was written by Marvin Albert.
The Marine Corps provided Lieutenant Colonel Clement J. Stadler who had been awarded the Navy Cross in World War II as a technical advisor; a function he also performed in "Hell to Eternity", "The Outsider", "Ambush Bay" and "The Lieutenant" television series. The United States Marine Corps had disbanded separate black Marine units and bases since 18 November 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9881882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881882" title="Fulton Ferry (ferry)">
Fulton Ferry (ferry)

The Fulton Ferry was the first steamship ferry route connecting Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining Fulton Street (Manhattan) and Fulton Street (Brooklyn) across the East River. After the Brooklyn Bridge was built, ridership declined, and the ferry ceased operation on January 19, 1924 (though New York Waterway serves a very similar route today).
History.
A ferry connecting Broad Street in what was then New Amsterdam with Joralemon Street in what was then Breukelen was started in the 1630s by lone ferryman Cornelis Dircksen. It was later moved to Maiden Lane (Manhattan) and Fulton Street (Brooklyn). On January 24, 1814, the Fulton Ferry Company, founded by Robert Fulton and William Cutting, obtained a lease on the route from the City of New York. The company introduced steamboat service to the route with the "Nassau" on May 8, 1814 (the first steam ferry service on the East River), and moved the Manhattan landing to Fulton Street that year. The ferry, which had been known popularly as the Old Ferry since 1795, when the Catherine Ferry (New Ferry) was introduced, became known as the Fulton Ferry, and the streets on either side were later renamed in turn. The Fulton Ferry Company and the South Ferry Company merged in 1839 to form the New York and Brooklyn Union Ferry Company.

</doc>
