<doc id="9670427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670427" title="San Silvestro al Quirinale">
San Silvestro al Quirinale

San Silvestro al Quirinale (or "St. Sylvester on Quirinal Hill") is a historic church in central Rome, Italy. It is located near Via XXIV Maggio corner with Via Mazzarino, a few blocks south of the Piazza del Quirinale.
History.
The first mentions of a church on the site are from 1039, when it was called "Santo Stefano in Cavallo" in recognition of its site on Monte Cavallo, a small hill in the Campo Marzio. 
In 1507, the church was granted to the Dominicans of the Florentine Congregation of St Mark by Pope Julius II. It was rebuilt in 1524-1584, when it was taken over by the Theatine Order. The high altar was consecrated in 1584 by Bishop Thomas Goldwell of St. Asaph's in North Wales, the last Catholic bishop in England under Queen Mary Tudor's reign. In 1801, San Silvestro was granted to the Lazarists, having been abandoned by the Theatines some years before. 
In the period when conclaves to elect a new Pope were held at the Quirinal Palace, the inaugural procession of the Cardinals started from this church. When the street was widened in 1877, the 16th century façade was replaced. The old façade had been simple, while the present one, by Andrea Busiri Vici, is more decorated. There is a small garden outside the church, with a 16th-century oratory that was used in funerals. The façade, decorated in stucco, is original.
Interior decoration.
The renaissance interior is almost completely covered with paintings. There is a long, vaulted choir behind the altar. In the ceiling is a fresco from the late 16th century by Giovanni and Cherubino Alberti. On the left wall is a fresco by Lazzaro Baldi, depicting "St Gaetano and the Blessed Virgin". On the counterfacade of the entrance is the funeral monument of Cardinal Federico Cornaro (1531–1590) attributed to Giacomo della Porta. To the left of the monument to Prospero Farinacci is a painting of "Saints Peter and Paul" by Stefano Pozzi. 
The first chapel on the right side has a tile floor by Luca della Robbia (1525), and has the arms of Pope Leo X. On the walls are frescoes depicting scenes from the "lives of St Catherine of Siena and St Mary Magdalene" attributed to Polidoro da Caravaggio and/or Maturino da Firenze. In the ceiling, Cavaliere d'Arpino has painted scenes from the "life of St Stephen the Deacon". 
In the second chapel on the right side is a painting depicting the Nativity of Mary, painted by Marcello Venusti in the 16th century. On the walls are the "Circumcision of Christ" and "Adoration of the Magi" by Jacopo Zucchi and "The Dream of St Joseph" and "The Slaughter of the Innocents" by Raffaellino da Reggio. 
The first chapel on the left side has a fresco by Avanzino Nucci, "Pope St Sylvester Baptizing Emperor Constantine". In the ceiling are scenes from the "life of St Sylvester", painted in 1868. 
The altarpiece in the second chapel on the left is by Giacinto Gimignani, and depicts "Pope St Pius V and Cardinal Alessandrino in Adoration of the Virgin". In the centre is an icon of the "Madonna with Child" of the Roman school, 13th century. 
At the end of the left transept, is the Chapel of the Assumption, also known as the "Cappella Bandini". The large, octagonal, domed chapel designed by Ottaviano Mascherino in 1585. The Assumption painting is by Scipione Pulzone. The four painted roundels depicting scenes from the "lives of David, Judith, Esther and Solomon" (1628) are by Domenichino. There are four stucco statues; "Magdalene" and "St John" from 1628, by Alessandro Algardi, and "St Joseph" and "St Martha" by Francesco Mochi. 
In the right arm of the transept is a depiction of "The Eternal Appearing to Sts Andrew Avellino and Gaetano Thiene", by Antonio Barbalonga. 

</doc>
<doc id="9670448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670448" title="Ebrahim Alkazi">
Ebrahim Alkazi

Ebrahim Alkazi (born October 18, 1925) is one of the most influential Indian theatre directors and Drama teachers in 20th-century Indian theatre. He also remained the Director of National School of Drama, New Delhi (1962–1977) He has also been a noted art connoisseur, collector and gallery owner, and found Art Heritage Gallery in Delhi with his wife, Roshan Alkazi.
Trained at Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), he won the BBC Broadcasting Award in 1950. He has directed over 50 plays, including famous productions of: Girish Karnad's "Tughlaq", Mohan Rakesh's "Ashadh Ka Ek Din", Dharamvir Bharati's "Andha Yug" and numerous Shakespeare and Greek plays.
Early life education.
Son of a Saudi Arabian business man trading in India at the time, Alkazi was schooled in St. Vincent's High School in Pune and later St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. Thereafter he trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London.
Career.
Early on in his career he got associated with the Bombay Progressive Artists' Group, which included M.F.Husain, F.N.Souza, S.H.Raza, Akbar Padamsee, Tyeb Mehta, artists who were later to paint from his plays and design his sets.
As the director of the National School of Drama (NSD), Alkazi revolutionised Hindi theatre by the magnificence of his vision, and the meticulousness of his technical discipline. Here he was associated with training many well-known film and theatre actors and directors including Vijaya Mehta, Om Shivpuri, Om Puri, Naseeruddin Shah, Manohar Singh, Uttara Baokar, Jyoti Subhash, Suhas Joshi, B. Jayashree, Jayadev and Rohini Hattangadi . 
He also founded Art Heritage Gallery in Delhi with his wife, Roshan Alkazi.
Awards and recognition.
He was the first recipient of Roopwedh Pratishtan's the Tanvir Award (2004) for lifetime contribution to the theatre. He has received awards including the Padma Shri (1966), the Padma Bhushan (1991), and India's second highest civilian award the Padma Vibhushan in 2010. 
He has also been award twice by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy for Music, Dance and Drama, first we received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Direction (1962), and the Akademi's highest award the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for lifetime contribution to theatre.
Personal life.
He was married to Roshan Alkazi (d. 2007) who designed costumes for all his plays, and wrote two book on history of Indian garments. She also established the Art Heritage Gallery at Triveni Kala Sangam, Delhi in 1977, which she ran for over 40 years. The couple had two children, Amal Allana, a theatre director and ex - chairman of School of Drama, and Feisal Alkazi a Delhi-based theatre director.

</doc>
<doc id="9670453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670453" title="Robert Waldman">
Robert Waldman

Robert Waldman is an American composer, musical arranger, and orchestrator.
Waldman has collaborated with Alfred Uhry twice, on "Here's Where I Belong", the disastrous 1968 adaptation of John Steinbeck's "East of Eden" that closed on opening night, and the considerably more successful "The Robber Bridegroom", which was produced on Broadway in both 1975 and 1976, enjoyed a year-long US national tour, and has become a staple of regional theatres. It garnered Waldman a Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Music.
Over the years he has composed, arranged, and orchestrated incidental music for the Broadway stagings of numerous dramatic plays, including "The Rivals", "Dinner at Eight", "Ivanov", "The Last Night of Ballyhoo", "The School for Scandal", "The Heiress", and "Abe Lincoln in Illinois".

</doc>
<doc id="9670464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670464" title="Philip Evergood">
Philip Evergood

Philip Howard Francis Dixon Evergood (born Howard Blashki; 1901–1973) was an American painter, etcher, lithographer, sculptor, illustrator and writer.
He was particularly active during the Depression and World War II era.
Life.
Philip Evergood was born in New York City. His mother was English and his father, Miles Evergood, was an Australian artist who, in 1915, changed his name from Blashki to Evergood. Philip Evergood's formal education began in 1905. He studied music and by 1908 he was playing the piano in a concert with his teacher.
He attended different English boarding schools starting in 1909 and was educated mainly at Eton and Cambridge University. In 1921 he decided to study art, left Cambridge, and went to London to study with Henry Tonks at the Slade School.
In 1923 Evergood went back to New York where he studied at the Art Students League of New York for a year. He then returned to Europe, worked at various jobs in Paris, painted independently, and studied at the Académie Julian, both with André Lhote and with Stanley William Hayter; Hayter taught him engraving.
He returned to New York in 1926 and began a career that was marked by the hardships of severe illness, an almost fatal operation, and constant financial trouble.
It was not until the collector Joseph H. Hirshhorn purchased several of his paintings that he could consider his financial troubles over. Evergood worked on WPA art projects from 1934 to 1937 where he painted two murals: "The Story of Richmond Hill" (1936–37, Public Library branch, Queens, N.Y.) and '"Cotton from Field to Mill" (1938, Jackson, Ga.). He taught both music and art as late as 1943, and finally moved to Southbury, Connecticut, in 1952. He was a full member of the Art Students League of New York and the National Institute of Arts and Letters. He was killed in a house fire in Bridgewater, Connecticut, in 1973 at the age of 72.
Art.
Evergood's influences include El Greco, Bosch, Brueghel, Goya, Daumier, Toulouse-Lautrec, Sloan's Ashcan paintings, and even prehistoric cave art.
Though he experimented with etching and lithography in the 1920s, he did not begin to devote himself on a large scale to original printmaking until after 1945. At this time he studied printmaking techniques at the New York studio of Stanley William Hayter. During the following twenty-five years he produced many works of art in both lithography and etching.
During the 1950s Evergood departed from his established "Social Realism" style and concentrated on symbolism, both biblical and mythological. A characteristic work of this period in Evergood's life is "The New Lazarus", painted in 1954 and presently housed in the Whitney Museum of American Art.
Oils at auction.
The following is a sample of Evergood oil paintings that have sold at auction. Significant works in oil by the artist tend to be in the five figure range (USD), while less important works are most often represented by sales in the low, mid and high four figure range (USD). Extremely important works of particular renown by this artist can reasonably be expected to break into the six figure range (USD) and are infrequently seen on the open market due to heavy museum consumption of important Evergood works from the 1950s through the 1980s.
Exhibitions Of Note.
Corcoran Gallery of Art, 1928, 1939–1963, Salons of America, 1934, PAFA, 1934-66 (gold medal 1949, 1958), AIC 1935 (prize), AIC 1946 (prize), WFNY, 1939, La Pintura Contemporanea Norte America, 1941, WMA, 1942, AV 1942 (prize), American-British Goodwill Art Exhibition, 1944, Pepsi Cola Art Competition, 1944 (winner), Tate Gallery: London 1946, American Art Exhibition: Moscow, 1959, WMAA 1934-66 (Evergood Retrospective- 1967), Gallery Of Modern Art, Hunington, Hartford Museum, 1967, ASL New York, 1967–68, Smithsonian, 1968, The WPA Art Of New York City Exhibit, Parsons School Of Design, 1977 (posthumous)
Works in museums.
This is a partial list of works by Evergood in museums.
References.
Blanton Museum of Art, Austin Texas- "Dance Marathon," 1934

</doc>
<doc id="9670468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670468" title="The Man with the Golden Touch">
The Man with the Golden Touch

The Man with the Golden Touch (orig. Hungarian: "Az arany ember", lit. "The Golden Man") is an 1872 novel by Hungarian novelist Mór Jókai. As Jókai states in the afterword of the novel, "The Man with the Golden Touch" was based on a true story he had heard from his grand-aunt as a child.
Plot summary.
Part I – The "St. Barbara".
Mihály Timár is a young man working on the transport ship "St. Barbara" on the River Danube. The ship is owned by Athanáz Brazovics, a rich Serbian merchant living in Komárom, a town in Hungary, and is on its way back to Komárom carrying sacks of wheat. The owner of the goods, Euthym Trikalisz, and his thirteen-year-old daughter Timéa are also aboard. On the way to Komárom, they stop at an island, the "no man's island", which lies in the Danube between the Ottoman Empire and the Hungarian part of the Habsburg Empire, undiscovered and unclaimed by both. This island is the home of Teréza, a widow and her young daughter Noémi, who lead a calm and idyllic life here. Another man, Tódor Krisztyán, arrives soon. He knows Teréza and Noémi, but is apparently disliked by both.
The travellers spend a night here, but Timár can't sleep and overhears a conversation in which Krisztyán blackmails Teréza. He tells her that if she doesn't give him money he will reveal the existence of the island to the authorities. Teréza says they have no money since they don't need it, as everything they need grows on the island. Krisztyán takes away the golden bracelet Timéa gave to Noémi, then leaves the island. Timár tells Teréza that he overheard the conversation; in turn, Teréza tells him that her husband was ruined and driven to suicide by Krisztyán's father and Athanáz Brazovics and so she fled to the island with her baby daughter who was raised there, unspoiled by civilization. She also tells him that Krisztyán always demands money from her and wants to marry Noémi even though the girl hates him. Timár feels frustrated that he cannot help Teréza.
The next day the ship continues its journey. Mr. Trikalisz wantes to speak to Timár in private. He reveals that he is in fact not a Greek merchant but Ali Csorbadzsi, a former high-ranking official of the Ottoman Empire, who is fleeing the Empire because the Sultan wants him dead, his wealth was confiscated, and his daughter was added to the harem. He wanted to go to Brazovics, who is his brother-in-law, but the previous day he recognized Krisztyán as a spy of the Ottoman Empire (Krisztyán is, in fact, a scoundrel, adventurer and a spy of both empires). He knows Krisztyán will betray him and Austria will extradite him to the Ottoman Empire, so he has taken poison, and makes Timár swear that he will make sure Timéa arrives in Komárom safe. He gives a small box with 1000 gold coins to Timár and makes him promise he will keep it for Timéa; he also mentions that the rest of his wealth is the wheat in the sacks (which is worth ten thousand gold coins). Finally, he asks Timár to wake up Timéa when he has died – he gave her a potion so that she will sleep and they could speak in private, but if she was not given the antidote soon, the potion would kill her.
Csorbadzsi then dies. Timár is tempted by the amount of money – if he let Timéa die and reported that Csorbadzsi traveled on the ship, one third of the confiscated wealth would be his by law. Because of his honesty and his awakening love for Timéa, he shrinks back from the evil thoughts. He wakes Timéa, gives her the antidote and tells her about her father's death. Later, when they arrive at the next city and the police catch up with their ship, he tells them he knows nothing about the escaped Turkish pasha and his treasure and that they only carried a Greek merchant on the ship, but he died. Thus he saved Timéa's wealth for her. Later he begins to wonder that if Csorbadzsi's remaining wealth was ten thousand gold coins, that could have been carried in a bag, why did he buy wheat with it, which fills a whole ship? And if this is the whole wealth, why does the Sultan pursue them?
As they continue their journey, the ship runs on a cliff and sinks, with Timéa and Timár barely escaping.
Part II – Timéa.
Timár takes Timéa to the Brazovics mansion in Komárom. Brazovics himself is not at home, so they are greeted by his wife Zófia, their daughter Athalie and Athalie's suitor Lieutenant Kacsuka who was Timár's friend since childhood. Brazovics arrives home just when Timéa is introduced to her new family. He has just read in the newspapers that Csorbadzsi fled the Ottoman Empire with his daughter, so he hurried home to meet them. He warmly welcomes Timéa, but when he receives the small box full of gold and learns that the ship went under with the rest of the pasha's possessions, he becomes angry and accuses Timár of stealing the rest of the money. Timár coldly refuses the accusation, and asks what should be done with the sunken ship. Brazovics charges him to auction off the wheat, which is worth almost nothing, lying soaked in the sunken ship. Timár leaves. Brazovics and his wife agree that Timéa's inheritance is not enough to raise her as a noble lady, but since she is their niece, they have to look after her, so she will be a companion to Athalie – not exactly a servant, but neither their adopted daughter.
Timár meets Lieutenant Imre Kacsuka, who is in charge of supplying the army with bread. Kacsuka advises Timár to buy the shipload of worthless wheat and sell it cheap to the army. He assures him that the army will buy from him, not from others, since he can sell the cheapest wheat, and he will gain a great profit. Timár is hesitating, for he knows what poor quality the bread made of that wheat will be, but when Kacsuka tells him that this way he could make some money to compensate Timéa for the loss of her inheritance, he agrees. He buys the shipload and inspects the workers bringing it out from the river. He notices a red crescent painted on one of the sacks and recalls Csorbadzsi's last words, when he said something about the red crescent but couldn't finish the sentence before he died. Timár takes away that sack when nobody notices, and opening it he finds it to be full of treasure – gold, gems, jewelry.
He fights a battle with his conscience. He bought the whole shipload, not knowing what this sack is hiding, so the treasure is his. He feels that it rightfully belongs to Timéa, but he also knows that if he gave it to her now, all of it would be taken by Brazovics. Finally, he decides he will keep the money, invest it, increase his wealth and later he will ask Timéa to marry him, sharing his wealth with her. Still, a voice deep in his mind says "you are a thief".
Timár becomes rich, buys a house in the town and is invited to the social events of the elite. Only Brazovics suspects that there's something amiss. One night Timár, to fend off all danger, pretends to be drunk and tells Brazovics about making bread from the drenched wheat and selling it to the army. Brazovics swears he will keep that information secret, but of course he immediately reports Timár to the Ministry of Finance, which was in charge of funding the supply of the army. There is, however, no one to bear witness against Timár; all the soldiers say they never ate better bread than what Timár sold them. Timár is thus acquitted of all charges, and everyone expects him to demand compensation from the minister who ordered the investigation. But Timár is still looking for a way to explain to the world how he became rich, in order to be able to use the rest of his wealth too. He travels to Vienna, asks for an audience with the minister, and asks him to lease out a land on the countryside, in Levetinc to him. The minister, pleased that Timár is not demanding an apology for the false accusations, and knowing that the previous tenant of that land went into debt, agrees. He also makes Timár a nobleman, with the title "of Levetinc" added to his name.
Timár, as the new landlord of Levetinc, is supervising the agricultural work on the fields. He gains more and more money and becomes the richest wheat merchant in Komárom. He gives a lot to charity, founds a hospital, gives money to schools, churches, and beggars. He is like King Midas, everything he touches becomes gold, each of his investments is successful, and the people in the town nickname him “the man with the golden touch”. However, he still feels deep in his heart that all this wealth does not belong to him.
Meanwhile, Athalie Brazovics is preparing for her wedding with Kacsuka. Her father, Athanáz Brazovics hates and envies Timár for his success, but always greets him with a warm welcome in his house, thinking that he is courting Athalie, and not knowing that he visits them because of Timéa.
Athalie is playing a cruel game – she knows that Timéa is in love with Kacsuka, and told her that Kacsuka will marry her. Timéa is sewing and embroidering her bridal gown, not knowing that it is Athalie's, not her own, and it will be Athalie marrying Kacsuka, not her. She even converts to Christianity for the marriage's sake. Timár knows about this cruel game and dislikes Athalie and her family more and more.
Brazovics asks Timár if he is planning to ask for Athalie's hand. Timár refuses this, and tells Brazovics he finds his treatment of Timéa disgusting. He tells him that he had better fear the day when they'll meet again. He says goodbye to Timéa, promising her he will return, and then leaves.
The whole town follows Timár's actions in the financial world and when he starts buying land near Komárom, Brazovics thinks Timár knows something he doesn't. He guesses that it must be that the State plans fortifications to be extended around the town; therefore, the lands will be expropriated and the owners will get a large compensation, much more than the lands were originally worth. The only question is where will this work begin, since construction will last for at least thirty years, and in order to gain much, one has to buy the lands where the constructions will be started first. With false information, Timár tricks Brazovics into investing all his money into lands where the construction will not start in the following decades.
The day of Athalie's wedding has come. When Timéa wakes up, she sees Athalie in the bridal dress she made for herself, and realizes that it will be Athalie's wedding, not hers.
The news comes that Brazovics is ruined, and that the lands he invested in are worthless. He dies. Kacsuka breaks his engagement with Athalie, for he only wanted her for her money. Brazovics's creditors are demanding their money, and all of his property is auctioned off. Timár buys everything and gives it to Timéa, then asks her to marry him. Timéa, although she loves Kacsuka, agrees to marry him, out of gratitude. She asks Timár to allow Athalie and her mother to stay with them. Timár agrees and offers to give a rich dowry to Athalie so that she can marry the Kacsuka, but Athalie says she doesn't want Kacsuka any more. She says she will stay with them as Timéa's servant girl.
Part III – The "No Man's Island".
After the wedding, Timár realizes that though Timéa respects him enormously, she is not in love with him. He provides Timéa with gifts, jewels, and travels to foreign countries, in the hope of making her falling in love with him, but without any success. They move into the luxurious Brazovics mansion in Komárom. Athalie is intent on making them miserable.
Timár begins to suspect that Timéa loves someone else. He decides to test her. He tells her he will travel to Levetinc and spend a month there. He leaves, but returns the same night to see if Timéa is with someone else. He finds the sleeping Timéa alone in her bedroom. He runs into Athalie who knows what's on his mind. Athalie, who is watching Timéa's every move, tells Timár that Timéa does not love him, and confirms Timár's suspicions about who Timéa loves; but she also tells him that Timéa is faithful to him and will always remain faithful. Timár feels he cannot stay, and leaves his home as if pursued.
In his travels he finds himself near the No Man's Island, and decides to visit its dwellers. He feels at home with Teréza and Noémi, who is now sixteen years old. Noémi carefully asks him if he has anybody waiting for him to return home, and Timár lies and tells her that no one is waiting for him.
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
The novel was made into motion pictures in 1918, 1936, 1962 and 2005 (the latest was made for TV). The 1918 version was directed by Alexander Korda. The 1962 version is by far the most famous of the four, as it featured the most popular actors of that age. The movie versions are all titled "Az aranyember", in accord with modern spelling.

</doc>
<doc id="9670516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670516" title="Köpmanbrinken">
Köpmanbrinken

Köpmanbrinken (Swedish: "Merchant's Slope") is a street composed of two slopes, in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Both slopes connects the street Österlånggatan west up to the small Köpmantorget and the street Köpmangatan.
Since the foundation of the city the slopes reflects the original inclination treadled by the city's first inhabitants.
Seemingly inexplicable, the northern slope was referred to as "Fiskestrandsbrinken" ("Fishing Shore Slope") during the Middle Ages, a mystery however dissolved by the fact the area east of the slopes, between the alleys Nygränd and Brunnsgränd, used to be the city's main fishing market Fiskaretorget until 1520. The statue of St George and his princess is replica from 1912 of the medieval original in the cathedral Storkyrkan.
On the narrow space along the slopes' eastern sides, where the statue of Saint George and the Dragon is found today, was until 1829 an entire block called "Acteon" demolished following a collapse that year. The slopes were made less steep in the process following the collapse. During the 19th century, the slopes were regarded as two individual streets, separated by the square Köpmantorget; the two subsequently established as a single street by an official decision in 1885 and united under the present name.

</doc>
<doc id="9670524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670524" title="Shanna Swendson">
Shanna Swendson

Shanna Swendson is an American author of romance novels and chick lit. She has also written under the pseudonym Samantha Carter. Swendson is perhaps best known for the "Katie Chandler" series of novels, beginning with the 2005 publication of "Enchanted, Inc."
Biography.
Although Swendson majored in broadcast news at the University of Texas at Austin, she enrolled in a wide variety of courses that she thought could help her become a successful novelist. These courses included fencing (useful for fantasy novels), the search for extraterrestrial life (useful for science fiction novels) and parageography (the geography of imaginary lands). After her graduation, Swendson worked in public relations and became serious about learning to write a novel, joining local writing organizations, and researching the novel-writing process. She completed her first manuscripts for a contest, winning the science fiction/fantasy category and attracting the notice of an editor. Swendson sold this novel and two others in 1995 to a publisher who insisted that she use a pen name. She chose the name Samantha Carter, in part because she wanted to retain her own first initial but have a last initial from the other half of the alphabet from her own, and in part because she was a fan of "The X-Files" episode that included the Samantha clones. Her alter ego was named well before 1997 debut of the character on "Stargate SG-1".
After selling two more novels, this time to Harlequin Books, Swendson endured an eight-year period where she could not sell any of her other work. Her new job for a major international public relations firm required a great deal of travel and long hours, leaving her little or no time to write. Rather than allow her to resign, Swendson's supervisor asked her to work a three-quarter time schedule and gave her permission to telecommute, which freed her schedule enough that she could begin writing again. Office politics began to arise, however, and Swendson became less and less happy with the job.
In 2004, she sold "Enchanted, Inc." to Ballantine Books. Swendson has since written five sequels featuring the heroine Katie Chandler. Book 7, Kiss and Spell, is now available in the major bookstores.
Strike Entertainment is in pre-production of a film adaptation of "Enchanted, Inc." In January 2010, Steven Rogers was hired to write the screenplay. Rogers wrote the screenplays for romantic comedies "Hope Floats", "P.S. I Love You", and "Kate & Leopold".
Swendson, who is unpartnered, lives in Irving, Texas.
Bibliography.
Essays.
Swendson contributed essays that appear in the following books:

</doc>
<doc id="9670556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670556" title="1969 in Northern Ireland">
1969 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9670578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670578" title="Ferenc Fülöp">
Ferenc Fülöp

Ferenc Fülöp (born in Budapest 22 February 1955) is a Hungarian football administrator with MTK Hungária FC.
Between 1977 - 1986 he was a footballer of the MTK Hungária FC, then was contracted by the Belgian Olympic Charleroi where he spent 3 years. Fülöp was an unused member of the Hungary 1978 World Cup squad in Argentina.
Ferenc Fülöp played a role in the 1981 film Escape to Victory as a centre forward for the Nazi team in a match against a PoW team.
In 1993 he returned to Hungary, and he acted as the technical manager of the Hungarian national football team. From 1995 to 2006 he was the technical director of his former club, the MTK. In 2000 he was chosen by the Hungarian sportreporters the manager of the year. Beginning from March 2006 he is working at the Stars & Friends agency, intermediating international contracts for the Hungarian football players.
His son, Márton Fülöp is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="9670580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670580" title="Juliet E. McKenna">
Juliet E. McKenna

Juliet E. McKenna (born 1965) is a British fantasy author. 
McKenna was born in Lincolnshire in 1965, and studied Greek and Roman history and literature at St Hilda's College, Oxford. She now lives in West Oxfordshire with her husband, Steve Souch, and sons. 
McKenna has written three series of novels, "The Tales of Einarinn", "The Aldabreshin Compass" and "The Chronicles of the Lescari Revolution", as well as many short stories and articles. She is currently working on a new series, "The Hadrumal Crisis".
She regularly attends fantasy conventions, gives talks, and teaches creative writing courses. She is also one of the authors, along with others such as Sarah Ash and Mark Chadbourn, behind The Write Fantastic, which is an initiative by a group of fantasy authors to promote the fantasy genre, and to display the scope of current fantasy writing.

</doc>
<doc id="9670583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670583" title="Yawatajuku Station">
Yawatajuku Station

History.
Yawatajuku Station was opened on March 28, 1912 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Kisarazu Line. On May 24, 1919, the line's name changed to the Hōjō Line, and on April 15, 1929 to the Bōsō Line and on April 1, 1933 to the Bōsōnishi Line. It became part of the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II, and the line was renamed the Uchibō Line from July 15, 1972. The station assumed its present name from March 31, 1974. Yawatajuku Station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987. 
Station layout.
Yawatajuku is an above-ground station with an elevated station building, and has two sets of tracks running around an island platform. It has automatic ticket gates.

</doc>
<doc id="9670604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670604" title="Nutritionism">
Nutritionism

Nutritionism is an alleged paradigm that assumes that it is the scientifically identified nutrients in foods that determine the value of individual food stuffs in the diet. In other words, it is the idea that the nutritional value of a food is the sum of all its individual nutrients, vitamins, and other components. Another aspect of the term is the implication that the only point of eating is to promote bodily health. The term is largely pejorative, implying that this way of viewing food is simplistic and harmful, and the term is usually used to label others' views. The term's most prominent proponent, journalist Michael Pollan, argues that a food's nutritional value is "more than the sum of its parts."
Originally credited to Gyorgy Scrinis, the notion was popularized by Michael Pollan. The key to Pollan's understanding of nutritionism is "the widely shared but unexamined assumption ... that the key to understanding food is indeed the nutrient." Since nutrients are invisible, it is now necessary to rely on nutrition experts to make food choices. Because science has an incomplete understanding of how food affects the human body, Pollan argues, relying solely on information regarding individual nutrients has led people and policy makers to repeatedly make poor decisions relating to nutrition. Pollan blames nutritionism for many of the health problems relating to diet in the Western World today. He compares Nutritionism to a religion, relying on "priests" (nutritional scientists and journalists) to interpret the latest orthodoxy for the masses. Like many religions, nutritionism has divided the world into good and evil components, although what is good or evil can change dramatically with time. Pollan believes that nutritionism is inherently flawed due to a reductive bias within science to isolate and study individual factors disconnected from their usual contexts such as diet and culture, factors which have repeatedly been shown to have a fundamental impact on nutritional outcomes. Even when scientists have attempted to study factors such as culture, diet, and long term consumption patterns, the enormous difficulties in making accurate measurements relating to individual nutritional components, and producing meaningful conclusions has resulted in incomplete results at best, and misleading or harmful results at worst.
Ben Goldacre wrote that nutritionism, or its attribution to scientists, is the "bollocks du jour", and that it is "driven by a set of first year undergraduate errors in interpreting scientific data." In his opinion, professional researchers and medical experts bear some blame for nutritionism because they at times created unrealistic expectations about the potential benefits of their research, but that the primary promoters of nutritionism are health food manufacturers, self-proclaimed "gurus" and journalists who have an incomplete understanding of science, along with a credulous public that is willing to believe whatever simplistic theories they are told in the mass media.
At least one observer, Daniel Engber has argued that Pollan's anti-nutritionism, or anti-food science stance has taken on a dogmatic tint itself. He says, "Modern nutrition may be more of an ideology than a science, but so is Pollan's nutritional Darwinism. The two ideologies stand in direct opposition to one another, with the science-minded progressives on one side and the culinary conservatives on the other." One criticism is that while many scientific studies of nutrition, or the conclusions extrapolated from them by both scientists and journalists have been bad, we should not reject a scientific approach to food altogether. One reviewer notes that the study of vitamins and nutrients led to vast improvement in treatment of diseases such as beriberi or scurvy and that with further refinement food science may well help combat other diseases and health conditions. The complexity of food science should not be taken as a reason to abandon systematic investigation of it. Daniel Engber also argues that Pollan over idealizes the diet of our ancestors, and believes that it may not be well suited to our modern needs.

</doc>
<doc id="9670616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670616" title="Beaver Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Beaver Harbour, Nova Scotia

Beaver Harbour is a Canadian rural community in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality.
It is located on the Eastern Shore along Trunk 7 east of Sheet Harbour.
A Trans-Atlantic cable station is located in the community for the former CANTAT-2 cable .

</doc>
<doc id="9670619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670619" title="Dracunculus (plant)">
Dracunculus (plant)

Dracunculus is a genus of 3 species of a tuberous perennial of the family Araceae. They are characterised by a large purple spathe and spadix, often produced in advance of the pedate, dark green leaves often with white mottling. The open spathe is usually accompanied by a foul smell.
The best known species is "Dracunculus vulgaris", which is sometimes grown in gardens for ornamental purposes.
They are native to the Mediterranean, Madeira and the Canary Islands where they are found in rocky areas, hillsides and waste ground.

</doc>
<doc id="9670623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670623" title="Lowell Whiteman School">
Lowell Whiteman School

The Lowell Whiteman School is a small college preparatory school in Steamboat Springs, Colorado focused on experiential education, for students in grades 9-12.
LWS, founded in 1957, is a coeducational boarding and day school in Steamboat Springs, Colorado. LWS educates roughly 105 students in grades 9 through 12. The curriculum emphasizes college preparatory academics, educational experience in the wilderness, and both recreational and competitive skiing/snowboarding programs.
Experiential outdoor education.
Lowell Whiteman students participate in an outdoor education program. In the fall and spring, afternoon activities include rock climbing, kayaking, horseback riding, and mountain biking. Almost all students participate in an active camping program that caters to varied interests: students may choose to backpack. Each fall, the entire school heads to the desert for a week of camping in small groups. Past Desert Weeks have included whitewater rafting down the Colorado River, mountain biking in Moab, Utah, and tours of Anasazi ruins in the Four Corners region.
Skiing and snowboarding.
There are two general groups of students in Lowell Whiteman School:
Foreign Travel- Global Immersion Studies Program.
Each year students and teachers of LWS travel to another country to live and work for one month. Recent foreign trips have included destinations such as India, New Zealand, Mongolia, Vietnam, Costa Rica, The Maldives, Botswana, Swaziland, South Africa, Peru, Bolivia, and Russia. The goal of the foreign trip program is to expose students to other cultures, immerse them in different languages and traditions, and to become "a citizen of the world." Foreign Travelers also participate in some form of Community Service program on their trips.
Academics.
The Lowell Whiteman School is a rigorous college prep academic school for grades 9-12.
Courses.
English I, English II, English III, Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II, Precalculus, Honors Calculus, World History, Geography, U.S. History, Biology, Chemistry, Anatomy & Physiology, Spanish I, Spanish II, Spanish III.
Graduation Requirements.
A minimum of 12 classroom credits is required to graduate from the Lowell Whiteman School.

</doc>
<doc id="9670633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670633" title="Yair Kless">
Yair Kless

Background.
Kless began performing at an early age, attaining a world-wide reputation in his activities like soloist and chamber musician. His repertoire includes works from baroque period to compositions specially created for him.
He studied with Israel Amidan and André Gertler at the Academy of Music in Tel-Aviv, and later at the Conservatory and the Musical Chapel Queen Elizabeth in Brussels.
Kless belonged to the Baroque Musicians Israeli Group, and he was the first violin in the Sol-La-Re string quartet, the Tel Aviv piano quartet and the American New Art Trio. He is currently a member of the Modus Trio, a string trio in Israel.
For many years, he has been in charge of the String Department at the Rubin Academy of Music, which he directed between 1989 to 1993. His pupils include Vadim Gluzman.
Kless has served as a jury member of several international competitions. He regularly takes part in summer courses and prestigious music festivals, such as the Salzburg Festival and Bravo! Institute. He is also a guest professor in master classes in the United States, the former Soviet Union, Germany, Ireland, Finland, France, Australia, England, Italy, Poland and Holland. Since 1995, Mr. Kless has divided his time between Europe - as professor at the Graz University (Austria) - and Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="9670721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670721" title="Marta Klimasara">
Marta Klimasara

Marta Klimasara is a Polish percussionist. She has had concert tours in France, Sweden, Japan and South Africa, and has had success participating in international contests. Before winning the ARD International Music Competition in Munich she had already been awarded the first prize in the 2nd World Marimba Competition in Japan 1999 as well as the second prize in the 3rd Krzystof Penderecki International Competition of Contemporary Music in Krakow. The young artist holds scholarships from the Yamaha Music Foundation of Europe and the Kunststiftung Baden-Württemberg and was commended by the European Cultural Foundation in Strasburg for her outstanding musical and artistic personality.

</doc>
<doc id="9670764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670764" title="Neo-Benshi">
Neo-Benshi

Neo-Benshi is the practice of producing live alternate voice-overs for movies.
The art form’s acknowledged starting point is in Korea, Japan, Taiwan and other East Asian nations during the silent film era. Benshi is a Japanese word referring to the oral "interpreter" who performed a live narrative accompaniment to silent movies, in lieu of showing intertitles with dialogue, etc. In Korean the practice is known as pyônsa. Currently, it is finding a resurgence among experimental poets in the San Francisco Bay area and Los Angeles.
Movietelling.
Movietelling is a reinstatement, or retelling, of the film narrator practice(s). Long time practitioner and one of the foremost scholars on the subject of live film narration, Walter Lew, coined this phrase with the intention of reviving and revamping what he considers to have been an international practice, finding its roots throughout Europe, Asia, and the United States. In January 2008, Walter Lew, along with several poets and video artists, began shadoWord productions, an organization dedicated to the practice, as well as the evolution, of Movietelling.

</doc>
<doc id="9670786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670786" title="H-Sphere">
H-Sphere

H-Sphere is a web hosting Automation Control Panel for shared web hosting services that was developed by Positive Software and acquired by Parallels, Inc. in September 2007. It is available for Linux, Unix and Windows environments and works with MySQL, PostgreSQL and Microsoft SQL Server databases. H-Sphere has been written in Java and works with any SQL-compliant database.

</doc>
<doc id="9670794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670794" title="Bajo Bandera">
Bajo Bandera

Bajo Bandera is a 1997 Argentine mystery drama film directed and written by Juan José Jusid with Guillermo Saccomanno. The film starred Miguel Ángel Solá and Federico Luppi.
The film won 7 awards and 2 nominations, including 3 Silver Condor awards at the Argentine Film Critics Association Awards
for Best Music, Best New Actor Nicolás Scarpino and Best Screenplay (Guillermo Saccomanno and Juan José Jusid). Miguel Ángel Solá was also nominated for Best Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9670802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670802" title="Chibolo">
Chibolo

Chibolo (sometimes spelled Chivolo) is a town and municipality of the Colombian Department of Magdalena. Chibolo was founded in 1820 and became a municipality 
on March 8, 1974. Its economy is based on Farming, but also attracts by having a historic church of Saint Catherine of Alexandria (Iglesia Santa Catalina de Alejandría) and the Santa Catalina Plaza (Saint Catherine Plaza). Chibolo celebrated Carnivals, the Christian Holy week, Day of Maria Auxiliadora every May 24, Virgen del Carmen, Saint Judas Tadeus, town celebration of Saint Catherine of Alexandria on December 25.

</doc>
<doc id="9670813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670813" title="Ghassulian">
Ghassulian

Ghassulian refers to a culture and an archaeological stage dating to the Middle Chalcolithic Period in the Southern Levant (c. 3800–c. 3350 BC). Considered to correspond to the Halafian culture of North Syria and Mesopotamia, its type-site, Tulaylat al-Ghassul, is located in the Jordan Valley near the Dead Sea in modern Jordan and was excavated in the 1930s.
The Ghassulian stage was characterized by small hamlet settlements of mixed farming peoples, and migrated southwards from Syria into Israel. Houses were trapezoid-shaped and built mud-brick, covered with remarkable polychrome wall paintings. Their pottery was highly elaborate, including footed bowls and horn-shaped drinking goblets, indicating the cultivation of wine. Several samples display the use of sculptural decoration or of a reserved slip (a clay and water coating partially wiped away while still wet). The Ghassulians were a Chalcolithic culture as they also smelted copper.
Funerary customs show evidence that they buried their dead in stone dolmens.
Ghassulian culture has been identified at numerous other places in what is today southern Israel, especially in the region of Beersheba. The Ghassulian culture correlates closely with the Amratian of Egypt and may have had trading affinities (e.g., the distinctive churns, or “bird vases”) with early Minoan culture in Crete.
Origins.
Ghassulian, a name applied to a Chalcolithic culture of the southern Levant, is derived from the eponymic site of Teleilat (el) Ghassul, northeast of the Dead Sea in the Great Rift Valley. The name has been used as a synonym for Chalcolithic in general and sometimes for late phases, associated with late strata at that site and other sites in the thought to be contemporary. More recently it has come to be associated with a regional cultural phenomenon (defined by sets of artifacts)in what is today Central and southern Israel, the Palestinian Zone of the West Bank and central, western Jordan; all well-watered and semi-arid zones. Other phases of the Chalcolithic, associated with different regions of the Levant are Qatifian and Timnian (arid zones) and Golanian. The use of the name varies from scholar to scholar.
The Ghassulian or Chalcolithic period followed a Late Neolithic period and was succeeded by an Early Bronze I (EB I) period. Little is understood of the transition from the latest Chalcolithic to the earliest EB I, but there was apparently some transition of ceramic, flint-knapping and metallurgical traditions, especially in the southern regions of the southern Levant. The dates for Ghassulian are dependent upon 14C (radiocarbon) determinations, which suggest that the typical later Ghassulian began sometime around the mid-5th millennium and ended ca. 3800 BC. The transition from Late Ghassulian to EB I seems to have been ca. 3800-3500 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="9670867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670867" title="Tom Blood">
Tom Blood

Tom Blood is a longtime Democratic political activist and writer who has worked in six presidential campaigns over the last two decades, as well a dozens of House and Senate races.
Tom is also the author of several books including "State of the Union," (General Publishing), "Madam Secretary: A Biography of Madeleine Albright," (St. Martins Press), "China Card," (Leisure Books), and "God.Com" (Trinity,Ltd). Over the years Tom has also penned several film and television scripts and has over twenty network writing and producing credits to his name. Currently, Tom is the CEO of Aspen Film Concepts, a private equity entertainment fund operating out of Washington, DC and Santa Monica, CA and is represented by International Management Group of Los Angeles and New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9670887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670887" title="Köpmantorget">
Köpmantorget

Köpmantorget (Swedish: "Merchant's Square") is a small public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, located between the street Köpmangatan and to slopes collectively named Köpmanbrinken, both of which lead down to the street Österlånggatan. Two streets lead north and south: Bollhusgränd and Baggensgatan respectively.
History.
This small square was, notwithstanding the name, never used as a market. Instead, when it first appeared in historical records on a map dated 1733 as "Kiöpmanne T.", it was named after its location on the eastern end of Köpmangatan, the street leading to Stortorget, the square which used to be the main market place in Stockholm for centuries. Before 1685, the two blocks north and south of the square were united and on the location was a vault ("Köpmanvalvet") during the Middle Ages forming one of the city gates ("Köpmanporten"). The penultimate name referring to the square appears in historical records as late as 1728 in the form "Kiöpmans Hwalwet".

</doc>
<doc id="9670893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670893" title="Priddy Circles">
Priddy Circles

Priddy Circles are a linear arrangement of four circular earthwork enclosures near the village of Priddy on the Mendip Hills in Somerset, England. The circles have been listed as Scheduled Ancient Monuments, and described as 'probable Neolithic ritual or ceremonial monuments similar to a henge'.
The southernmost Priddy Circle falls on adjoining land to a house and stables that are owned by retired business man Roger Penny. In 2012 Penny was fined £10,000 after the earthwork was damaged by work he had permitted.
Description.
The enclosures range in diameter from . Three of the circles are closely spaced in a nearly straight line, while the fourth is to the north and somewhat out of line with the other three. The total arrangement is spread over roughly . There is no missing enclosure in the gap between the northernmost enclosure and the others. This gap is bisected by the B3135 road and the course of the Roman road which runs between Charterhouse and Old Sarum.
The four circles each consist of a flat circular area surrounded by a bank and external ditch enclosure with more than one entrance. Excavations carried out between 1956 and 1959 by members of the University of Bristol Spelæological Society showed that the banks had stone cores with post and stake holes on either side. Geophysical surveys in 1995 and a magnetometer survey in 2006 are exploring further the make up of the circles.
The circles are numbered in sequence 1 to 4, with number 1 being the most southerly of the group. Circle 1 is in diameter, with a surviving ditch up to wide and deep. It has several gaps, but the one to the north-north-east was a causewayed entrance feature. Circle 2 is in diameter, with a bank up to 6 m wide and high, and the ditch is up to deep. There are three gaps are present in this earthwork, and the one to the north-north-east is possibly an original feature. Within circle 2 is a possible ovoid barrow mound measuring , and high. Circle 3 is up to across, with a bank up to 1 m high and wide, and ditch up to 1 m deep and wide. There are four gaps in this circle, the one to the south-south-west is considered an original entrance feature because it directly faces the north-north-west entrance of circle 2. Circle 4 has a diameter of up to 190 m but only two-thirds of the earthwork is present. Boreholes made in the 1950s suggested that the missing western section was never finished, possibly due to subsidence in the area. Associated with circle 4 is a group of mounds interpreted as barrows, one outside the circle to the west, and possibly four inside.
2011 damage.
In June 2011, it was reported that English Heritage was investigating damage to the site, and during July 2011 photographs were published that appear to show significant damage to a section of the southernmost circle.
The owner of the southernmost ring, Roger Penny, was fined £10,000 and ordered to restore the earthwork at a cost of £38,000 following the damage caused by contractors he had hired.
Rubble had been used to fill important “swallet” holes in the ring, these have been described as natural cavities which may have been key to the monument’s creation. The workers also cleared gorse and bracken between April and October 2011, bringing rubble into the field to help rebuild a wall and moving a gate. In bringing in the rubble, ruts were made in the ground inside the circle by agricultural machinery. The damage included the destruction of a circular ditch said to be completely bulldozed. Penny was aware the ring was a scheduled monument and told the contractors not to touch it, but because part of the site is not visible to the naked eye "serious damage" was caused. English Heritage had not been consulted about the works. A spokeswoman for English Heritage described the damage as a "major incident", adding the structure was one of only about 80 henges in England. She said the loss of the fabric to the henge meant a "really, really rare piece of Neolithic engineering had been lost forever".
Interpretation.
They are probably Neolithic ritual or ceremonial monuments similar to a henge but this interpretation is somewhat speculative due to the presence of external rather than internal ditches, a feature which makes them unique in Britain.
Although no dating evidence has been found, they appear to be contemporary with Stonehenge, i.e. Neolithic circa 2500 BC - 2180 BC. Two round barrow cemeteries, Ashen Hill and Priddy Nine-Barrows, located less than south of the Circles, would seem to imply that the area to the northeast of Priddy held ritual significance into the Bronze Age.

</doc>
<doc id="9670908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670908" title="Negasonic Teenage Warhead">
Negasonic Teenage Warhead


</doc>
<doc id="9670929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670929" title="Corvette lieutenant">
Corvette lieutenant

Corvette lieutenant is a rank in some navies, especially those of Spain and Latin America, roughly equivalent to a Royal Navy acting sub-lieutenant or a US Navy ensign. 
The rank did exist in the French Navy during the Ancien Régime, but has now been replaced with ship of the line ensign (second class) (French: "enseigne de vaisseau de deuxième classe").
The NATO rank code is OF-1 (junior)
Austria-Hungary.
In the Austro-Hungarian Navy the rank of Korvettenleutnant or "tengerészzászlós" was the lowest officer rank. Usually only reserve officers were commissioned as "Korvettenleutnant". Professional officers would be commissioned as "Fregattenleutnant", the next higher rank. "Korvettenleutnant"s would wear the same rank insignia as "Seefähnriche".

</doc>
<doc id="9670945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670945" title="Eva Twardokens">
Eva Twardokens

Eva Twardokens (born April 28, 1965 in Reno, Nevada) is a former alpine ski racer. She made her debut on the World Cup circuit in December 1982, at age 17. 
Two seasons later she was the bronze medalist in the giant slalom at the 1985 World Championships. 
She participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics in the Super G, Slalom and Giant Slalom and the 1994 Winter Olympics in the Giant Slalom.
On the World Cup circuit, she had three podiums and 34 top ten finishes. 
She retired from international competition following the 1995 World Cup season.
In 2007, she won the Masters National Weightlifting Champion in the 40-45 age group in the 63kg class, with a 60 kg snatch and a 79 kg clean and jerk for a 139 kg total.
She was inducted to the US Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame class of 2011 on April 14, 2012.
Her father, Jerzy Twardokens, is an Olympian who fenced for Poland in the 1952 Olympics. He defected to the United States in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9670949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670949" title="Barthold Kuijken">
Barthold Kuijken

Barthold Kuijken (; born 8 March 1949, Dilbeek) is a Belgian flautist and recorder player, known for playing baroque music on authentic instruments and particularly known for pioneering this manner of performance with his brothers, cellist and viol player Wieland Kuijken and violinist Sigiswald Kuijken and the harpsichordist Gustav Leonhardt.
He studied the modern flute at the Bruges Conservatory and the Royal Conservatories of Brussels and The Hague. For playing early music he originally turned to the recorder. Research on authentic instruments, frequent collaboration with various flute and recorder makers, and assiduous study of sources of the 17th and 18th centuries helped him to specialize in the performance on original instruments.
For many years he played in the baroque orchestras Collegium Aureum and La Petite Bande. He plays chamber music concerts all over the world, extending his repertoire to early 19th-century music and has recorded extensively.
He teaches baroque flute at the Royal Conservatories of Brussels and The Hague.
In 2007 he obtained the first doctorate in music in Belgium at the VUB (Free University of Brussels); title of the dissertation: "The Notation is not the Music - Reflections on more than 40 years' intensive practice of Early Music."

</doc>
<doc id="9670951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670951" title="Western Branch High School">
Western Branch High School

Western Branch High School is a suburban high school in Chesapeake, Virginia, USA. Established in 1968, it currently has the largest school population in Chesapeake with over 2200 students. The two feeder schools of WBHS are Joliff Middle School and Western Branch Middle School. After it was determined that redistricting due to the opening of Grassfield High School was not going to impact WBHS, a $40,000,000 construction project was funded to accommodate the larger student body and modernize the technology and facilities. This construction included a two-story wing, providing natural lighting for the students, and renovation of the rest of the school. The construction was finished in early September 2010, while the renovation of the existing school was finished in the middle 2010-2011 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="9670955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670955" title="Frank Coltiletti">
Frank Coltiletti

Frank Coltiletti (April 23, 1904 - March, 1987) was an American Hall of Fame jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.
Coltiletti began his professional riding career in 1919 when he was just fifteen years old. Almost immediately he became one of the top jockeys in the country, competing two years after he began racing in his first American Classic Races. Of his eight mounts in the Kentucky Derby, his best finishes were a second aboard Sweep All to winner Twenty Grand in the 1931 running and third place finishes in the 1926 and 1929 editions. 
Coltiletti made seven appearances in the Preakness Stakes. After his fourth place finish in his 1921 Derby debut, the seventeen-year-old won the Preakness aboard Broomspun. In addition to his 1921 win, his next best result was a third with Rialto in 1923 on whom he also finished third in the Belmont Stakes.
Coltiletti retired in 1934 after fifteen years in racing. He was inducted into National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1970 and the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.
Frank Coltiletti was living in Jamaica, Queens when he died in 1987 just a month shy of his 83rd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="9670972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670972" title="Jack McAuliffe (boxer)">
Jack McAuliffe (boxer)

Jack McAuliffe (born March 24, 1866 in Cork, Ireland – November 5, 1937 in Forest Hills, Queens) was an Irish-American boxer. Nicknamed 'The Napoleon of the Ring', and fighting mostly out of Williamsburg, Brooklyn, he was one of only nine boxers to remain undefeated throughout his entire career. He was the Lightweight Champion of the World from 1886 to 1893. McAuliffe was inducted into the Ring Boxing Hall of Fame in 1954 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1995.
Jack McAuliffe's parents were Cornelius McAuliffe and Jane Bailey who were living at 5 Christ Church Lane, Cork City at the time of Jack's birth. McAuliffe emigrated to the United States in 1871, where he spent his early years in Bangor, Maine. He made his first appearance as an amateur boxer in 1883, and soon after turned professional when he fought Jemmy Carney 78 rounds to a draw at Revere Beach, Massachusetts. He fought Billy Dacey for the lightweight championship and a $5,000 purse in 1888, and knocked him out in eleven rounds. He was known as a strong two handed fighter with "cat-like" reflexes.
McAuliffe was married twice, both times to stage actresses. His first wife was Katie Hart, who played in farce comedies. After her death, McAuliffe married Catherine Rowe in 1894, whose stage name was Pearl Inman, of the song and dance team The Inman Sisters. Between marriages he dated a third actress, Sadie McDonald. McAuliffe and Rowe moved back to Bangor, Maine in 1894 where he undertook preliminary training for a fight later that year at the Seaside Athletic Club on Coney Island.
He died on November 5, 1937, at his home on Austin Street in Forest Hills, Queens.

</doc>
<doc id="9670986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670986" title="Aslan Dzharimov">
Aslan Dzharimov

Aslan Aliyevich Dzharimov ( ; ) is a Russian politician of Adyghe ethnicity who served as the President of the Republic of Adygea.
Education.
He graduated from the Agronomy Faculty of the Kuban Agricultural Institute in 1964, post-graduate degree in agricultural economics in 1968, ANI of the Central Committee in 1985, Candidate of Agricultural Sciences, Doctor of Economics .
Family.
He is married and has two daughters. His wife is Fatima Ramazanovna (born in 1947), and his daughters are: Angela (b. 1968) and Bela (b. 1975).
He was a dedicated supporter of sports and he is a Master in Sambo. He gained a champion of the Russian Federation of Sambo in 2000 and he became the world champion in Sambo among veterans in the weight category of over 100 kilograms. 

</doc>
<doc id="9670998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9670998" title="Ship-of-the-line lieutenant">
Ship-of-the-line lieutenant

Ship-of-the-line lieutenant is a common naval rank, equivalent to the modern naval rank of lieutenant in the UK, Commonwealth and US. The name of the rank derives from the name of the largest class of warship, the ship of the line, as opposed to smaller types of warship (corvettes and frigates).
While obsolete in most modern navies, some naval forces and merchant fleets still use the rank: "lieutenant de vaisseau" in French, "tenente di vascello" in Italian, "teniente de navío" in Spanish, "sorhajóhadnagy" in the Hungarian, and "Linienschiffsleutnant" in the Austrian merchant fleet, while the German "Bundesmarine" and German merchant fleet use the rank of Captain lieutenant "(Kapitänleutnant)", like it is the case in other European navies. 
The NATO rank code is OF-2.

</doc>
<doc id="9671027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671027" title="Lysophosphatidic acid">
Lysophosphatidic acid

Lysophosphatidic acid (LPA) is a phospholipid derivative that can act as a signaling molecule. 
Function.
LPA acts as a potent mitogen due to its activation of three high-affinity G-protein-coupled receptors called LPA1, LPA2, and LPA3 (also known as EDG2, EDG4, and EDG7). Additional, newly identified LPA receptors include LPA4 (p2y9/GPR23), LPA5 (GPR92) and LPA6 (GPR87).
Clinical significance.
Because of its ability to stimulate cell proliferation, aberrant LPA-signaling has been linked to cancer in numerous ways. Dysregulation of autotaxin or the LPA receptors can lead to hyperproliferation, which may contribute to oncogenesis and metastasis. 
LPA may be the cause of pruritus (itching) in individuals with cholestatic (impaired bile flow) diseases.
GTPase activation.
Downstream of LPA receptor activation, the small GTPase Rho can be activated, subsequently activating Rho kinase. This can lead to the formation of stress fibers and cell migration through the inhibition of myosin light-chain phosphatase. 
Metabolism.
There are a number of potential routes to its biosynthesis, but the most well-characterized is by the action of a lysophospholipase D called autotaxin, which removes the choline group from lysophosphatidylcholine. 
Lysophosphatidic acid is also an intermediate in the synthesis of phosphatidic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="9671040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671040" title="Ship-of-the-line captain">
Ship-of-the-line captain

Ship-of-the-line captain (French: "capitaine de vaisseau"; German: "linienschiffskapitän"; Italian: "capitano di vascello"; Spanish: "capitán de navío"; Serbo-Croatian: "kapetan bojnog broda") is a rank that appears in several navies. The name of the rank derives from the fact the rank corresponded to command of a warship of the largest class, the ship-of-the-Line, as opposed to smaller types (corvettes and frigates). It is normally above the rank of frigate captain.
Ship-of-the-line captain is equivalent to the naval rank of captain in most of the Commonwealth navies and captain in the United States Navy, and to the rank of captain at sea used in Germany and the Netherlands. Ship-of-the-line captain is rank OF-5 in the NATO rank codes, and equates to the land-forces rank of full colonel.
Austro-Hungarian Empire.
"Linienschiffskapitän" was an officer rank in the Austro-Hungarian Navy, equivalent to "oberst" in the land forces or "kapitän zur see" in the "Kaiserliche Marine". It is still partly used by the navies of the Empire's successor states, such as Yugoslavia and Croatia.
In order, the other officer ranks below ship-of-the-line captain were 
Belgium.
In the Belgian Navy the rank of "capitaine de vaisseau" or "kapitein-ter-zee" is the third grade of superior officer, equivalent to colonel in the land forces. Its insignia is made up of four bands. He or she commands a capital ship (cruiser, battleship or aircraft carrier) or a shore establishment. Smaller vessels such as destroyers and frigates are commanded by a "kapitein-luitenant".
Canada.
In the Royal Canadian Navy or the navy of "Ancien Régime" France, the rank of captain (N) () is a naval rank equal to a colonel of the Army or Air Force. Like colonel, captain (N) is the highest rank of senior officer. A captain (N) is senior to a commander or an army or air force lieutenant-colonel, and junior to a commodore or brigadier-general.
Typical appointments for captains (N) include:
The rank insignia for a captain (N) is four ½" stripes, worn on the cuffs of the service dress jacket, and on slip-ons on other uniforms. On the visor of the service cap is one row of gold oak leaves along the edge. Captains wear the officers' pattern branch cap badge.
The "(N)" is a part of the rank descriptor, and is used in official publications and documents to distinguish a captain (N) from a captain in the army or air force. It is also important to distinguish between the rank of captain and the appointment of captain, meaning the commanding officer of a ship, regardless of his or her rank.
A captain (N) is addressed initially as "Captain Bloggins", thereafter by superiors and peers as "Captain" and by subordinates as "Sir" or "Ma'am". The "(N)" is not part of the address.
Note: Before Unification of the Canadian Forces in 1968, rank structure and insignia followed the British pattern.
France.
"Capitaine de vaisseau" is a rank in the French Navy, corresponding to that of colonel in the French Army. They usually command the navy's most important ships.
He has five stripes and is addressed as "commandant". In naval slang, he is also known as a ""cap' de veau"".
Italy.
The rank of ship-of-the-line captain (Italian: "capitano di vascello", lit. "naval vessel captain") also exists in the Italian Navy. He is addressed as ""comandante"".
Vietnam.
"Đại tá hải quân" (lit. "captain of the navy") is a rank in the Vietnamese People's Navy, corresponding to that of colonel in the Vietnam People's Army. He has four stars with two stripes on shoulder rank.

</doc>
<doc id="9671048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671048" title="Petras Kunca">
Petras Kunca

Petras Kunca (born 1942) is a Lithuanian violinist, awarded the National Prize of Lithuania (1979) and the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas. For 31 years he performed with the Vilnius Quartet.
In 1965 Kunca graduated from the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre and continued his studies at the Moscow Conservatory. He took further courses on violin and chamber music in Hungary (1968), Finland (1988), Spain (1992), Sweden (1998), Denmark (1999), Austria (2001). 
Between 1964 and 1974, Kunca taught at the National M. K. Čiurlionis School of Art and then became a lecturer at the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. Since 1996 he is Head of Chamber Music Department. More than 200 chamber music students have graduated from Prof. Petras Kunca class. 

</doc>
<doc id="9671050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671050" title="Walking in Avalon">
Walking in Avalon

Walking in Avalon, Christopher Cross’ seventh album released in 1998, is a double album package that contains Christopher's latest new studio album and Greatest Hits Live album together. In late 1999, CMC re-released the package as two single-album releases. The studio album is entitled "Red Room", and the hits live release is "Christopher Cross - Greatest Hits Live".
Writing and production.
Written and produced with Rob Meurer, and featuring multi-instrumentalist/co-producer Scott Frankfurt, the two-CD set comprises popular music. 
CD one serves as a showcase for Cross’ vocal, instrumental, and compositional abilities. This collection of songs explores a number of themes such as celebration, aggravation, love, lust, focus and the lack thereof, relationships, hope, and includes normal storytelling common to many musical collections. 
Cross’ music and lyrics have pointed meaning, but the entire work includes a sense of fun. Backing tracks created by Frankfurt and orchestral settings by Jeremy Lubbock help to showcase the Cross–Meurer songs as well as Christopher's guitar work.
The second album is a bonus for Cross fans, containing a 74-minute live concert recording in which Christopher performs nearly all of his earlier hits (including “Sailing,” 
“Ride Like the Wind,” 
“Arthur’s Theme,” and “Think of Laura”) as well as a number of his lesser-known mid-period songs. Through a printing error, the band credits for this concert were omitted from the CD notes. 
Besides Cross on vocals and guitar, featured are Rob Meurer (keyboards, dulcimer, vocals), Chas Thompson (bass, vocals), Gigi Worth (percussion, guitar, vocals), Kiki Ebsen (keyboards, vocals), and Jody Cortez (drums), with Joel Peskin on alto saxophone and a special guest appearance by Michael McDonald.

</doc>
<doc id="9671054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671054" title="Truskolasy, Silesian Voivodeship">
Truskolasy, Silesian Voivodeship

Truskolasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wręczyca Wielka, south-west of Kłobuck, and north of the regional capital Katowice. Between 1975 and 1998 Truskolasy belonged to Częstochowa Voivodeship.
The village has a population of 2,044 in the 2008 year. It has a wooden Baroque church. The Polish footballer Jakub Błaszczykowski was born in Truskolasy in 1985.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9671069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671069" title="Aslan Tkhakushinov">
Aslan Tkhakushinov

Aslan(cheriy) Kitovich Tkhakushinov (; ; born July 12, 1947) is the current Head of the Republic of Adygea, Russia, and is an ethnic Adyghe.
Tkhakushinov was born in the "aul" of Ulyap in Krasnogvardeysky District and graduated in 1971 from the Adyghean State Pedagogical University. He obtained a degree in Sociology from the same university in 1977. He worked at the Maykop State Technical University from 1983 to 2006 becoming president of the university in 1994.
He was a deputy on Maykop City Council from 1981 to 1990. He was elected to the legislature of Adygea in 1990.
Tkhakushinov is active in meeting with the members of the Circassians diasporas, and trying to solve the problem of the Circassians compatriots living abroad. In December 2010, he issued a decree to elaborate a program to help resettling the compatriots living in diaspora, whom want to return voluntarily to the motherland
Tkhakushinov visited different countries with an effective Circassians diasporas, such as his visit to Jordan in 1997
He is married and has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="9671091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671091" title="University of New Mexico Press">
University of New Mexico Press

The University of New Mexico Press, founded in 1929, is a university press that is part of the University of New Mexico. Its administrative offices are in the Office of Research (Building 26), on the campus of UNM in Albuquerque.
The University of New Mexico Press specializes in scholarly and trade books on subjects including Southwestern and Western American history and literature, archaeology and anthropology, Latin American and border studies, Native American studies, travel and recreation, and children's books. UNM Press publishes the Dialagos Series in Latin American Studies, the Mary Burritt Christiansen Poetry Series, and the Barbara Guth Worlds of Wonder Science Series for Young Readers.
The early years.
On June 1, 1929, the Board of Regents of the University of New Mexico unanimously approved the establishment of the University of New Mexico Press (UNMP). At the time, the university enrolled about one thousand students. The inaugural publications produced by the Press were pamphlets; the first hardcover, bound full-length book, New Mexico History and Civics, by Lansing Bloom and Thomas Donnelly came in September, 1933. It does not appear that when the Press was founded the Regents had plans other than for the Press to serve the university community by printing and distributing pamphlets, reports, and journals. At that time, the university printing plant and publishing arm were one entity, and for its first three years, UNMP was little more than a printing facility for the university.
On July 15, 1930, Stanford-educated Paul A.F. Walter, Jr., son of Santa Fe newspaperman Paul A. F. Walter, Sr., became the first director of UNMP. Leaving his post as editor of the Roswell Morning Dispatch, Walter moved to Santa Fe, where he was also assistant director of the Museum of New Mexico and the School of American Research. The School of American Research and UNM jointly paid his salary for his cooperative job assignment. In August 1930, at the annual meeting of the boards of the Museum of New Mexico and the School of American Research, Walter was authorized to move his father’s printing plant for the periodical "El Palacio" to UNM campus. On August 13, 1930, the machinery that would function as the first UNMP printing plant was moved.:In 1930, four publications were issued; in 1931, the number increased to ten, and in 1932, seven. These booklets were part of the “Bulletins Series,” and featured studies by archaeology, education, geology, and engineering faculty at UNM, among others. The booklets sold for $.25 per copy, and UNMP housed stock and filled orders, though no marketing was done for these publications. Because early publications were printed by the UNMP plant, the copyright page often listed “University of New Mexico Press” as the publisher. For example, the first book from UNMP printing facilities was "Givers of Life" by Emma Esterbrook, though the first book considered a UNMP book (advertised, cataloged, and distributed) is New Mexico History and Civics.
In its early years, the Press published the "New Mexico Quarterly", a literary publication, and the "New Mexico Historical Review". It continued to publish Walter’s "El Palacio".
The Great Depression and war years.
In 1933, Fred E. Harvey was hired as director, as Walter left to complete his Ph.D and become the founding faculty member of UNM’s sociology department. Under Harvey, the Press began publishing its first hardcover books. The best-seller for this era was "Practical Spoken Spanish" by Arthur L. Campa and F.M. Kercheville, published in 1934, and still in print today.
The first Press minutes on file are from the Committee on Publications meeting of April 20, 1937. In those days, the committee, consisting of “Bloom, Brand, Harvey, Pearce, Seyfried, John D. Clark, Popejoy, and Hammond,” was the editorial board of the Press. The Committee received, discussed, and sent manuscripts out for critical review. The board also set the production budget. For the fiscal year 1937-1938, the printing budget was $6,000 and covered printing six University course catalogs and twelve faculty Bulletins, in addition to UNMP books. During at least one year of the Depression era, no funds were available to pay Press employees during the summer months. Director Harvey told the Albuquerque Journal that the staff had agreed to work without pay until enough books were sold to compensate them. Harvey himself filled his car with books and sold them to bookstores and schools throughout New Mexico during these tough times.
In 1940, the Press was involved in celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the Coronado expedition to New Mexico. A statewide commission was set up to handle the celebration, and the Coronado Historical Fund, with federal and state moneys was established. Two series of books, later published by UNMP, were planned. The first—the Coronado Historical Series—consisted of ten titles authored by notable historians like Herbert E. Bolton, George P. Hammond, and Frances V. Scholes. The second series was an anthropological series that contained a two-volume set titled "Pioneers in Anthropology".
At the start of World War II, the university still was relatively small. In the fall of 1943, University President Zimmerman, in assessing the work of various departments at UNM, asked Joseph A. Brandt, then director of the University of Chicago Press, to visit UNMP and submit suggestions for improvement. Brandt had been prime in launching the University of Oklahoma Press in 1928 and was a dynamic figure in university press publishing during this period. Brandt wrote a four-page letter to Zimmerman in June 1944, praising the university for its Press. He recommended a larger staff and subsidy and better equipment for the printing plant. Other suggestions included a focus on furthering the understanding of New Mexico citizens and their history and economics; a publishing schedule of six to ten new books to be published in two seasons each year; and a publishing proposal to accompany each book with reports from a qualified reader, a market estimate, and a financial plan. Many of Brandt’s recommendations were incorporated into the publishing procedures still followed by UNMP.
In 1945, Professor Dudley Wynn of the English department was made Director of UNMP. The printing plant continued as part of the Press but was made a separate division with Fred Harvey in charge. UNMP continued to print "New Mexico Quarterly" and also the "Southwest Journal of Anthropology", "New Mexico Historical Review", and "New Mexico Business Review". Throughout the life of the Press, occasional subsidies or grant money helped offset publishing costs. In 1945, one of the first major grants was accepted when the Carnegie Corporation offered $1,500 for publication of _It Happened in Taos_, an educational study by J.T. Reid. By 1945, the Press had issued sixty-five books, employed a staff of twenty, and operated without a University subsidy. During the period of 1944-1946, the Press disassociated from joint publishing agreements with the School of American Research and Rydal Press, both in Santa Fe.
The Press Committee drew up what appears to be the first comprehensive outline for Press operations in 1946. Budget appropriations, approval of manuscripts, qualifications of Press personnel, operating procedures, and an editorial program were all covered. The Committee and Press activities would be overseen by two executives: the Editor of Publications and the Press Manager. The Editor of Publications would build the list of the Press through acquisitions and the Press Manager would be responsible for the printing, marketing, and sales aspects.
The editorial program at this time recognized that the Press would publish two kinds of materials: scholarly works that would be included in the Publications Series and other books. The Publications Series would be fully subsidized by the university, and others would be partially subsidized or published at the Press’s own financial risk. Toward the end of the 1947-48 fiscal year, then-president of the university, Tom Popejoy, drew up business guidelines for UNMP. A deficit subsidy of $15,000 annually would be the university’s maximum support and the Press was told to strive for increased sales and self-sufficiency.
In mid-1949, Fred Harvey took a leave of absence and E. B. Mann replaced him. Also in 1949, UNMP joined the Association of American University Presses, an organization with whom it is still affiliated. During this era, Mann published such writers as Ross Calvin and Frank Waters as the Press was giving serious attention to developing a regional list that would appeal to a wide audience. Mann, himself an author of Western fiction, proposed a series of reprints of Southwestern fiction, but the idea was tabled in 1950. The Press also made its first foray into publishing lithographed prints during Mann’s tenure but, due to the marketing structure of the Press, sales for the prints were poor.
Reorganization.
As a move toward greater economy and efficiency, UNM President Tom Popejoy decided to combine three departments—UNM Press, the _New Mexico Quarterly_, and the Publications Series into one department. Printing operations would move to independent status as the University Printing Plant. As a result of this restructuring, all Press staff lost their jobs on September 15, 1956. The Regents then appointed Roland Dickey director, and in December 1956, four full-time and two part-time employees oversaw Press operations. In 1965, after a visit to UNMP by Frank H. Wardlaw—then Director of the University of Texas Press—Director Dickey visited the University of Oklahoma Press to study their methods under Director Savoie Lottinville.
On December 31, 1966, another reorganization of the Press took place. Dickey accepted a position with the University of Wisconsin Press, and on July 1, 1967, Roger Shugg, recently retired as head of University of Chicago Press, became director. By the end of his first year, the Press had published sixteen new titles, compared to a total of nineteen over the previous three years. Sales income increased fifty-eight percent and the deficit was well below predictions. In 1969, UNMP published "The Way to Rainy Mountain", N. Scott Momaday’s blockbuster that has become a modern-day classic of Kiowa Indian myth, history, and personal reminiscences. The New Yorker called the book “fascinating” and “beautifully illustrated.” The book is still among UNMP’s all-time best-selling titles.
Around this same time, Jack D. Rittenhouse joined the Press. Rittenhouse left his position as director of the Museum of New Mexico Press, and it was under the direction of Rittenhouse and Shugg that UNMP came of age. The popular Zia paperback reprint series was Editor Rittenhouse’s brainchild and included more than thirty-five titles, including works from Edward Abbey, Larry MacMurtry, and Frank Dobie.
Roger Shugg retired in 1973, and Hugh Treadwell became director. When Treadwell resigned in early 1980, Shugg was once again brought out of retirement to act as interim director until the hiring late in the summer of 1980 of Luther Wilson, who came from the University of Oklahoma Press.
Modern times.
After several years of overseeing growth of the Press's title output and revenue, Wilson left the Press in 1985 to become director at Syracuse University Press. Beth Hadas, editor-in-chief at UNMP, became director upon Wilson’s departure. Hadas was one of only six women at the helm of a university press at the time. A year after Hadas became director, UNMP published "The Education of Little Tree" by Forrest Carter, still the Press’s all-time best-selling title having now sold more than two million copies, which Hadas and former director Wilson had acquired reprint rights in 1985 from the author's agent and his widow. The book, originally positioned as a non-fiction account of the life of a Cherokee boy, with the sub-title "A True Story," was later deemed to be fiction because of the author's misrepresentation of his past, which included affiliation with the KKK and speech-writing for racist Alabama Governor George Wallace. Nevertheless, the story has maintained its popularity and enjoyed success on The New York Times Bestseller Lists for both fiction and nonfiction. In 1991, the book won the first annual Abby Award from the American Bookseller’s Association for the book of the year.
The Press has gained national and international stature since the 1970s in fields that parallel the strengths of UNM: western history, Latin American studies, anthropology and archaeology, photography and art, and Chicano/a and Native American studies. The Press also initiated distribution agreements to provide small client publishers with fulfillment and marketing services. Media coverage soared during this exciting, turbulent period in UNMP's history.
Luther Wilson returned to the Press in 2000, after a stint at the University Press of Colorado. By the middle of the decade, list size had grown from fifty to eighty new titles a year and sales had doubled to $5 Million by 2006 amid turbulent downtrends associated with September 11 and the March 2003 invasion of Iraq. Unfortunately, economic conditions necessitated a new wave of reorganization and downsizing in 2008-2009. Upon Luther Wilson's retirement in the summer of 2010, John W. Byram became director of the Press. An emphasis on effective marketing coupled with a search for a balance between publishing scholarly and salable general interest books continues to define the Press’s operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9671109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671109" title="The Best of The Pogues">
The Best of The Pogues

The Best of the Pogues is a 1991 greatest hits compilation album by The Pogues. The album was dedicated to the memory of Deborah Korner.

</doc>
<doc id="9671113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671113" title="Perumpilavu">
Perumpilavu

Perumpilavu is a village is located in north of Kunnamkulam in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala in India.
It is a trijunction of the towns of Kuttippuram in Malappuram district, Pattambi in Palakkad district and Kunnamkulam in Thrissur District. In the 20th century, it used to be more known for its weekly cattle market. The cattle market was held till late 90's. The cattle market has now been shifted into a nearby place called ottappilavu.
Some of the major educational institutions are Ansar English School, T M High School and L M U P School.Now Perumpilavu was an educational zone. Royal College of Engineering, PSM College of Dental Science, Vivekananda teachers training institute, Mar Osthatheos B.ed college, Ansar Nursing College, Ansar women's college, Ansar B.ed College are also located in Perumpilavu. 
Ansar Hospital is a major Hospital at Perumpilavu. parvakkunnu juma masjid is a big mosqu at perumpilavu.
Perumpilavu has an Ayyappa temple that stages a rare traditional art called Ayyappan Thiyyattu.

</doc>
<doc id="9671131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671131" title="La Muchacha del arrabal">
La Muchacha del arrabal

La Muchacha del arrabal is a 1922 Argentine silent film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra with Leopoldo Torres Ríos.

</doc>
<doc id="9671158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671158" title="CANTAT">
CANTAT

CANTAT is a submarine communications cable system installed by India's Teleglobe.
It consists of the following cables:

</doc>
<doc id="9671181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671181" title="Carter Ledyard &amp; Milburn">
Carter Ledyard &amp; Milburn

Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP is a New York City law firm. It has more than 100 attorneys with offices in New York and Washington, D.C.. The firm was founded in 1854 by Henry Scudder and James C. Carter.
History.
The founding partners, along with Henry’s younger brother Townsend, who subsequently joined the firm, practiced together for twenty years until 1874, when Townsend Scudder died. Henry Scudder and Carter continued the partnership for twelve more years until 1886, when Scudder died. In the meantime, Lewis Cass Ledyard had joined the firm as an associate in 1875, and was admitted as a partner in 1881. Upon Scudder’s death the firm became Carter & Ledyard (1886–1888); when Daniel G. Rollins ended his term as Surrogate of New York County he joined the firm, which became known as Carter, Rollins & Ledyard (1888–1889), and when Rollins retired a year later, it became Carter & Ledyard again (1889–1904) and finally Carter, Ledyard & Milburn in 1904, when John G. Milburn became a partner.
When John G. Milburn joined the firm in 1904, there were three partners, Lewis Cass Ledyard, Edmund L. Baylies and George A. Miller, and two associates, Walter F. Taylor and Joseph W. Welsh, a total of five lawyers.
In New York, Milburn was consulted by many clients, corporate and individual, and was engaged in several important lawsuits. Conspicuous among these was the suit instituted by the United States in 1906, under the Sherman Anti-Trust Act, against The Standard Oil Company of New Jersey. Milburn, along with Joseph Welsh and Walter Taylor, worked for many years on this landmark case which was finally decided by the Supreme Court in May 1911. The story in the office is that not long after Milburn came to New York he attended a large banquet and sat next to John Archibald, who was the executive head of the Standard Oil Company. That evening John G. made such an impression on Archibald that the firm of CL&M was retained as one of the counsel for the defense in the Government’s anti-trust case.

</doc>
<doc id="9671184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671184" title="Human Nature (Doctor Who episode)">
Human Nature (Doctor Who episode)

"Human Nature" is the eighth episode of the third series of the revived British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It is the first episode of a two-part story written by Paul Cornell adapted from his 1995 "Doctor Who" novel "Human Nature". Along with its continuation, "The Family of Blood", it was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form in 2008.
Plot.
The Doctor and Martha run to the TARDIS as an unseen enemy fires at them. The Doctor tells Martha that they are being pursued by the Family of Blood, who seek the Doctor's Time Lord life force to prevent themselves from dying. He tells Martha that he must transform into a human to escape the Family's detection until they die out, and gives her a list of instructions to follow. He uses a device called the "chameleon arch" to turn him into a human and transfer his Time Lord essence and memories into a fob watch that he asks Martha to guard.
They land on Earth in 1913 when the Doctor takes the persona of John Smith, a teacher at Farringham School for boys, and Martha acts as a maid at the school. John is quiet and timid, but faint memories of the Doctor slip through in his dreams. He catalogues the dreams in a book he has titled "A Journal of Impossible Things". John keeps the fob watch on his mantle, but a perception filter around it keeps him from being curious about it. John has also become infatuated with the school nurse, young widow Joan Redfern, and shares his journal with her. Martha is concerned, as the Doctor did not instruct her on what to do should he fall in love. She also struggles with her lowly position at the school, but her resentment at the arrogant public schoolboys is tempered by the knowledge that many of them will die in the upcoming World War I. Timothy Latimer, a young student at the school with ESP, discovers the fob watch and pockets it for himself.
The Family of Blood have tracked the Doctor to Earth, and cloak their ship in a nearby wood with an invisibility shield to keep it hidden. The Family seek out humans to possess, and take the bodies of several people including one of the schoolboys, Jeremy Baines. When Timothy briefly opens the fob watch and experiences portions of the Doctor's memories, the Family detects its presence at the school. They try to get information from Martha about the Doctor when she realises that the Family has found them and attempts to retrieve the watch but cannot find it. She talks to John and tries to awaken his Time Lord self, but instead causes him to become angry with her and fire her. John asks Nurse Redfern to accompany him to the village dance that night, and she accepts. At the dance, Martha again tries to persuade John to become the Doctor by showing him elements of his past such as his sonic screwdriver. Now aware that John Smith is the Doctor, the Family interrupt the dance and confront him. In a cliffhanger ending, they take Martha and Joan as hostages and give John a choice to either become a Time Lord again or watch his companions die. 
Comparison with the novel.
Both "Human Nature" and "The Family of Blood" are based on Cornell's novel, "Human Nature", written as part of the Virgin New Adventures series. In the novel, the Seventh Doctor seeks to experience what it is like to be a human, and uses a device from a family of Aubertide shapeshifters to do so, unaware that the Aubertide are looking to acquire the Doctor's Time Lord essence that would be stored in the device after its use. The Doctor leaves his current companion, Bernice Summerfield posing as his niece, with a similar list of instructions of things to prevent him from doing, also omitting what to do if he should fall in love.
From here, many of the characters and plot elements are similar. In particular, both novel and episode occur near the Great War in a small English village that is home to a school for boys. Joan Redfern is the object of Smith's attention in both works, and Timothy (with the surname Dean in the novel) is the schoolboy that finds the object containing the Time Lord essence (a cricket ball in the novel, a fob watch in the episode), and experiences some mannerisms of the Time Lord personality. Smith writes a book that draws from his Time Lord personality - in the novel, this is a children's story borrowing terms like "Gallifrey" and "TARDIS", while this manifests as the "Journal of Impossible Things" within the episode. The Aubertide, like the Family of Blood, take on forms of the villagers, including a little girl with a balloon, though in the novel, the balloon is a sentient and deadly creature controlled by the Aubertide. Both resolve with Smith learning about the Doctor, and forced to take the Doctor's persona to end the threat to the village, and though as the Doctor tries to bond with Joan, she turns him away as it was the Smith persona that she fell in love with.
Production.
"Human Nature" was Paul Cornell's fifth original novel, all having been "Doctor Who" stories for Virgin Publishing, and the thirty-eighth New Adventure. The plot was developed with fellow New Adventure novelist Kate Orman and the book was well received on its publication in 1995. Several years later, the revived "Doctor Who" television series included several people who had worked on the New Adventures. For his second story for the television series, Cornell adapted his novel. Although most praise for the script was directed at Cornell, a great deal of the episode had in fact been rewritten by executive producer Russell T Davies.
Despite Julie Gardner's position as executive producer since "Rose", this episode marks the first time since Verity Lambert's 1965 swansong, "Mission to the Unknown", that a woman was the credited producer of an episode of "Doctor Who". However, it is not producer Susie Liggat's first production job in the "Doctor Who" universe: in 2006, she produced "Invasion of the Bane", the first episode of "The Sarah Jane Adventures". Thus, only she and John Nathan-Turner have produced episodes from two different programmes set in the "Doctor Who" universe.
The physical prop of John Smith's journal notebook was created by artist Kellyanne Walker, and incorporates text provided by writer Paul Cornell. Much of the episode was filmed at St Fagans National History Museum, an open-air museum near Cardiff, and Treberfydd, the Victorian Gothic mansion which served as Farringham School, located near Llangorse Lake in south Wales. Other interior locations were filmed at Llandaff Cathedral, Cardiff.
The Doctor's list of 23 directives, much of which is sped through in the episode, is presented at normal speed in a deleted scene released on the BBC DVD. In place of the nonexistent unheard requests, David Tennant breaks the fourth wall to speak humorously about a love for The Housemartins and also spout gibberish to pad out the time before returning to character for the 23rd and final directive. Another instruction, about not letting Smith eat pears, appears in both the deleted scene and in the novel "Human Nature".
"Radio Times" credits David Tennant as John Smith for "Human Nature" and as The Doctor for "The Family of Blood". On-screen credits read The Doctor/Smith for "Human Nature" and The Doctor for "The Family of Blood".
Reception.
Along with "The Family of Blood", "Human Nature" was nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form. David Tennant won the Constellation Award for Best Male Performance in a 2007 Science Fiction Television Episode for the two-part story.
The episode also received a favourable review from "The Stage" with reviewer Mark Wright commenting that the episode "is unlike any "Doctor Who" story you'll ever see", and that there was "nothing duff" about the episode. Wright singles out the performances of Agyeman and Tennant for considerable praise and he concludes by describing the episode as "BAFTA worthy Drama". IGN's Travis Fickett gave "Human Nature" a rating of 9.1 out of 10, writing that it "has some of the highest caliber of writing the series has seen". He particularly praised the performances of Stevenson and Sangster and the episode's "more deliberate pace". While he noted that the Family with Baines in particular were creepy, he felt that the scarecrows "might seem a little silly" to older viewers.
In 2009, "Doctor Who Magazine" readers voted "Human Nature"/"The Family of Blood" as the sixth best "Doctor Who" story of all time. Matt Wales of IGN named the two-part story the best episode of Tennant's tenure as the Doctor, describing it as "stunningly produced" and praising Tennant's performance. In 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" named it the seventh best Doctor Who episode in the show's history.

</doc>
<doc id="9671206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671206" title="The Edrington Group">
The Edrington Group

Edrington is a Scotch whisky company, involved in blending, bottling, distributing and marketing. It produces several well-known blended brands, including The Famous Grouse and Cutty Sark, and premium single malts The Macallan and Highland Park. The spirits portfolio also includes Brugal, the leading golden rum in the Caribbean.
Based in Glasgow, it is the most profitable privately held company in Scotland.
History.
W.A. Robertson began business in the city of Glasgow in 1850, forming Robertson & Baxter in 1860. In 1885 the company took a share holding in the North British Distillery Company.
The Robertson Trust bears the family name of the Robertson sisters (Elspeth, Agnes and Ethel) who had inherited the Scotch whisky interests founded and developed by their grandfather and father. Keen to ensure the on-going success of the these interests, in 1961 they brought them together under The Edrington Group (named after a farm near their home in the Scottish Borders) and established The Robertson Trust, a charitable trust which owns The Edrington Group. The Trust gave £11.4 million last year to a wide variety of charitable causes.
In the New Year Honours 2008, the Edrington Group's chair, John James Griffin Good, was made a Knight Bachelor "for services to Scotland". In 2010, Edrington was named "outstanding private company" in Scotland plc awards.
Operations.
Over the past five years Edrington has increased the international nature of its business through the acquisition of brands and sales and distribution companies in key markets. These have proven to be transformational changes.

</doc>
<doc id="9671209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671209" title="Arrondissement of Antwerp">
Arrondissement of Antwerp

The Arrondissement of Antwerp (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Antwerp, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. The territory of the Judicial Arrondissement of Antwerp coincides with that of the Administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp.
History.
The Arrondissement of Antwerp was created in 1800 as the first arrondissement in the Department of Deux-Nèthes (). It originally comprised the cantons of Antwerp, Boom, Berchem, Brecht, Ekeren and Zandhoven. In 1923, the then municipalities of Burcht and Zwijndrecht (Burcht was merged into Zwijndrecht in 1977 to form the present-day municipality of Zwijndrecht) in the Arrondissement of Sint-Niklaas were added to the arrondissement.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9671211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671211" title="The Girl from Florida Street">
The Girl from Florida Street

The Girl from Florida Street () is a 1922 Argentine silent film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.

</doc>
<doc id="9671218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671218" title="DXLM-TV">
DXLM-TV

DXLM-TV or ABS-CBN Pagadian, a local television station in Pagadian, Zamboanga del Sur, Philippines, is the local counterpart and regional newscenter for Zamboanga Peninsula of ABS-CBN Corporation and not produced by ABS-CBN Regional Network Group. With broadcast transmission operations based at Mount Palpalan.
Satellite Stations.
DXMG-TV Channel 42 Dipolog (19.7 kW)

</doc>
<doc id="9671226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671226" title="DXLL-TV">
DXLL-TV

ABS-CBN Zamboanga, Channel 3, is an owned and operated television station of Philippine television network ABS-CBN Corporation located at the former Philippine Broadcasting Service (PBS). Its studios at ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, San Jose Road, Zamboanga City and transmitter at Tetuan St., Zamboanga City. 
The station became an affiliate of ABS-CBN on January 1, 1995 after airing GMA programs before when the station was still owned by RT Broadcast Specialist. Ownership of this channel took over to ABS-CBN Regional Network. The TV station became one of the top-rating networks in Zamboanga alone.
Its radio station MOR Zamboanga 98.7 DXFH-FM, formerly known as Star Radio (1995–1997) and ABS-CBN Radio (1997–2001), was first aired in the first quarter of 1995.
ABS-CBN Zamboanga can be also heard/seen on the island of Basilan and areas of Zamboanga del Norte and Zamboanga Sibugay.
ABS-CBN Zamboanga programs.
Aside from these programs, ABS-CBN Zamboanga is one of the network's regional stations in Visayas and Mindanao that also airs blocktime shows produced in Davao and Cebu.

</doc>
<doc id="9671230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671230" title="Here's Where I Belong">
Here's Where I Belong

"Here's Where I Belong" is a musical with a book by Alex Gordon and Terrence McNally, lyrics by Alfred Uhry, and music by Robert Waldman. The musical closed after one performance on Broadway.
Background.
Based on John Steinbeck's novel "East of Eden", the allegorical tale centers on the Trasks and the Hamiltons, two families drawn to the rich farmlands of Salinas, California in the early 20th Century. While Steinbeck traced the two clans through three generations, the musical limits the action to the period between 1915 and 1917 and focuses primarily on the Cain and Abel aspects of the work.
Production.
McNally asked that his name be removed from the credits prior to opening night.The official opening on Broadway was postponed from February 20, 1968 to March 2, 1968 to allow time for rewrites to the book. 
The musical premiered on Broadway at the Billy Rose Theatre on March 3, 1968 and closed after one performance and twenty previews. Directed by Michael Kahn and choreographed by Tony Mordente, the cast included Paul Rogers as Adam Trask, Walter McGinn as Caleb Trask, Ken Kercheval as Aron Trask, James Coco as Lee, Graciela Daniele as Faith, and Heather MacRae as Abra Bacon. The scenery was by Ming Cho Lee, costumes by Ruth Morley, and lighting by Jules Fisher. 
Clive Barnes, in his review in "The New York Times", questioned whether the book ("East of Eden") could be a viable musical as it was "too serious", but praised the sets by Ming Cho Lee and wrote that Paul Rogers had a "stong singing voice" and was dignified.
Recordings.
"We're A Home" was recorded by The Ray Conniff Singers in 1967 and released as a single (Columbia 4-44422). The recording was reissued in stereo on a Ray Conniff compilation CD "The Singles Collection, Vol. 1" (Collectables 7697) in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9671236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671236" title="Karapakkam">
Karapakkam

Karapakkam is a village in Kancheepuram district in Tamil Nadu, India. The village is one of the stops on the Old Mahabalipuram Road, or commonly referred to as OMR.
Karapakkam, which is a part of the Greater Chennai (pop: 4500 approx.) is home to a number of BPO, IT/ITES companies and other IT/ITES companies such as Mahindra Satyam, Scope International, Tata Consultancy Services, Accenture India, Cognizant Technology Solutions, Photon Infotech and Infosys are situated along the Rajiv Gandhi Salai (OMR)
Riverside Mall is also planned to be constructed here by MARG Infrastructure. McDonald's, Pizza Hut, Hot Chips, Dhaaba, Andhra Mess, Locaccia, Baskin Robbins, Pizza Corner, Cakes and Bakes, Fortune Hotel, and Nallas Restaurant are located along this stretch of road.
It has a Panchayat Elementary school and a govt. high school. Annai Fathima Home for the Aged and Tsunami victims is also located in Karapakkam.
It is 10 km from Thiruvanmiyur. Arulmigu Throwbathi Amman, Arulmigu Gangai Amman, Arulmigu Vendavarasi Amman, and Arulmigu Kali Amman temples are some of the places of worship there.
Thangavelu Engineering college and KCG College of Technology are located there.

</doc>
<doc id="9671252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671252" title="El Piñón">
El Piñón

El Piñón is a town and municipality of the Colombian Department of Magdalena. Officially founded in 1760 by Francisco Sayas, Ignacio Crespo, Vicente De la Hoz and others. On April 20, 1915 was proclaimed a municipality. Its economy is based on agriculture and farming. Its main tourist attraction is the Iglesia San Pedro Mártir (Saint Peter the Martir Church) and the Ave Maria Monument. The town celebrates carnivals, the Saint Peter of Verona Day in April, El Milagroso in September, the Unedited Song Festival and the Decimates Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9671281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671281" title="Pierre Maille">
Pierre Maille

Pierre Maille (b. 14 June 1947, Fréjus, Var) is a French politician.
Maille was Mayor of Brest from 1982 to 1983, succeeding Francis Le Blé, who died in office in 1982, and from 1989 to 2001. He belongs to the French Socialist Party, and since 1998 has led the general council of the department of Finistère.

</doc>
<doc id="9671314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671314" title="List of Lieutenant Governors of Andaman and Nicobar Islands">
List of Lieutenant Governors of Andaman and Nicobar Islands

This is a list of Lieutenant Governors of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, as well as precursor offices of similar scope, from the start of British resettlement of the Andaman Islands in 1858, at which time it was subordinated to British India.
In 1947, the Andaman and Nicobar Islands achieved independence from the United Kingdom along with the rest of India. After independence, the chief commissioner and, later, the lieutenant governor, has been appointed by the President of India. The current Lieutenant Governor is A. K. Singh. His official residence is in Raj Nivas, Port Blair.
Chief Commissioners of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (1946–1982).
Following Indian independence, the Chief Commissioner of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands was the nominal head of the territory, appointed by the President of India.

</doc>
<doc id="9671319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671319" title="Goiatuba Esporte Clube">
Goiatuba Esporte Clube

Goiatuba Esporte Clube, also known as Goiatuba, is a Brazilian football team located in Goiatuba, Goiás.
History.
On May 5, 1970, a sports group met in a room located downtown and set up a professional football club called Goiatuba Esporte Clube, named after the city. The blue bird was chosen as the club's mascot and nicknamed "Azulão" (meaning "Big Blue").
Before the club became professional, it participated in the inauguration of Estádio Divino Garcia Rosa, known as "Divinão". The club was made up only of footballers from the city. The match, against JK of Morrinhos, was played on January 30, 1970 and the score was 2-2.
Sometime later, Goiatuba played its first professional match beating América of Morrinhos 1-0.
In 1970, Goiatuba won its first title, the Third Taça Vale do Paranaíba, playing against the following clubs: Bom Jesus, Triângulo de Monte Alegre de Minas, Centralina de Minas, Grêmio Buriti Alegre, Vasco de Tupaciguara and Itumbiara, finishing with 18 points with the striker Esqueleti scoring 14 goals.
In 1992, the club won the state championship for the first time, beating Goiás, Vila Nova, and Atlético Goianiense in the final four. Between 1994 and 1997, Goiatuba participated in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Stadium.
Goiatuba's home stadium is Estádio Divino Garcia Rosa, nicknamed Divinão, with a maximum capacity of 15,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9671321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671321" title="Arrondissement of Bastogne">
Arrondissement of Bastogne

The Arrondissement of Bastogne (; ) is one of the five administrative arrondissements in the Province of Luxembourg, Belgium. It is not a judicial arrondissement. Three of its municipalities, Gouvy, Houffalize and Vielsalm, are part of the Judicial Arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne, while the rest of its municipalities are part of the Judicial Arrondissement of Neufchâteau.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Bastogne consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9671330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671330" title="Birth Control (film)">
Birth Control (film)

Birth Control (also known as The New World) is a 1917 film produced by and starring Margaret Sanger and describing her family planning work. It was the first film banned under the 1915 ruling of the United States Supreme Court in "Mutual Film Corporation v. Industrial Commission of Ohio", which held that the exhibition of films did not constitute free speech. 
The banning of "Birth Control" was upheld by the New York Court of Appeals on the grounds that a film on family planning may be censored "in the interest of morality, decency, and public safety and welfare."

</doc>
<doc id="9671356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671356" title="Golden-winged grosbeak">
Golden-winged grosbeak

The genus Rhynchostruthus is a small group of finches in the family Fringillinae. Commonly known as golden-winged grosbeaks, they are attractive, chunky, medium-sized, robust-billed songbirds restricted to the southern Arabian and northern Somalian regions.
These elusive birds are typically found between 1,060 and 2,800 metres ASL in forested wadis and areas of scrub. The fruits of junipers, acacias and spurges appear to form the bulk of their diet.
Description.
These birds have slight sexual dichromatism. Males are grey-brown overall with a black bill, dark mask, white cheeks, and large, bright yellow patches on the wings and tail. The extent of the dark head-pattern and white cheek-patches varies considerably between taxa. The females are similar to the males though somewhat duller, and the juveniles are rather streaky and lack the adults' distinctive head pattern.
Systematics.
The large bill suggests a relationship with the Asian grosbeaks - e.g. "Mycerobas" - but its song and calls are reminiscent of European Goldfinch "Carduelis carduelis", European Greenfinch "C. chloris", and Yemen Linnet "C. yemenensis". Also it has been observed performing a greenfinch-like slow-winged display flight which suggests its true affinities may lie within the genus "Carduelis". Altogether, "Rhynchostruthus" seems to belong to a group of Carduelinae which includes such birds as "Carduelis", the Oriole Finch ("Linurgus olivaceus"), and the canaries, many of which have large amounts of brilliant yellow plumage. But the exact placement of the golden-winged grosbeaks is not very well resolved. What seems certain is that "Rhynchostruthus" is not very closely related to any other of the birds commonly referred to as "grosbeaks".
The genus used to contain a single species, "Rhynchostruthus socotranus". But more recently this is often split in three:

</doc>
<doc id="9671389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671389" title="Alfredo Traverso">
Alfredo Traverso

Alfredo Traverso (–1980) was a prolific Argentine cinematographer who worked on over 70 films in the Cinema of Argentina between 1940 and 1970. 
He worked on cinematography on films such as El Asalto 1960 in which he worked with Austrian director Kurt Land and Asalto a la ciudad 1968 was one of his last films in which he worked with Carlos Cores.

</doc>
<doc id="9671393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671393" title="Anne of Bavaria">
Anne of Bavaria

Anne of Bavaria (or of the Palatinate; ; 26 September 1329 – 2 February 1353) was a queen consort of Bohemia. She was the daughter of Rudolf II, Duke of Bavaria and Count Palatine of the Rhine, and Anna, daughter of Otto III of Carinthia.
She was a member of the House of Wittelsbach.
Anna married Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV on 11 March 1349 in the town of Bacharach on the Rhine. She became the second wife of Charles after the death of his first wife, Blanche of Valois, in 1348.
On 26 July 1349 in Aachen, Anna was crowned Queen of Rome. Months later she was crowned Queen of Bohemia; she was seven months pregnant at the time.
In 1350, Anna gave birth to the long desired son, Wenceslaus, who died one year later, in 1351. Anna did not have more children and died herself in 1353 at the age of twenty-three.
Charles was widowed for a second time and still had no son. He then married Anna von Schweidnitz, who gave birth to the desired heir, Wenceslaus, King of the Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="9671420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671420" title="Esko Laine">
Esko Laine

Esko Laine (born 1961 in Helsinki) is a professor of music at Hans Eisler Musikhochschule in Berlin. He was the first Finnish musician to obtain a post at the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. He has won several international prizes such as Isle of Man, Markneukirchen and the ARD International Music Competition.
He studied at Music Institute of Hyvinkää. When he was eighteen years old, he obtained a post at the Finland National Opera Orchestra, and he left it to study with Günter Klaus and Franco Petracchi.
Laine plays a double bass made by Giuseppe Rocca in 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="9671431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671431" title="Arrondissement of Dendermonde">
Arrondissement of Dendermonde

The Arrondissement of Dendermonde (; ) is one of the six administrative arrondissements in the Province of East Flanders, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Dendermonde also comprises the municipalities of the Arrondissements of Aalst (except the municipalities of Geraardsbergen, Herzele, Sint-Lievens-Houtem and Zottegem) and Sint-Niklaas.
History.
The Arrondissement of Dendermonde was created in 1800 as the third arrondissement in the Department of Escaut (). It originally comprised the cantons of Aalst, Beveren, Dendermonde, Hamme, Lokeren, Sint-Gillis-Waas, Sint-Niklaas, Temse, Wetteren and Zele. In 1814, the municipality of De Klinge in the Arrondissement of Eeklo was added to the arrondissement.
In 1818, the arrondissements of Aalst and Sint-Niklaas were created. On this occasion, the canton of Aalst was ceded to the arrondissement with the same name and the cantons of Beveren, Sint-Gillis-Waas, Sint-Niklaas and Temse were ceded from the arrondissement in order to form the Arrondissement of Sint-Niklaas. Parts of Laarne and Kalken were ceded to the Arrondissement of Ghent in 1921 in order to form the new municipality of Beervelde.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Dendermonde consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9671437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671437" title="Santa Marina">
Santa Marina

Santa Marina can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9671446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671446" title="Lock box">
Lock box

In banking, a lockbox is a service offered by commercial banks to organizations that simplifies collection and processing of account receivables by having those organizations' customers' payments mailed directly to a location accessible by the bank.
General.
In general, a lockbox is a post office box (PO box) that is accessible by a bank. A company may set up a lockbox service with their bank for receiving customers' payments. The company's customers send their payments to the PO box. Then the bank collects and processes these payments directly and deposits them to the company's account. Typical costs are several cents per transaction to as high as one dollar or more.
Lockbox services are sometimes called 'remittance services' or 'remittance processing'.
One benefit of the lockbox service to the commercial customer is that it can maintain special mailboxes in different locations around the country and a customer sends payment to the closest lockbox. The company then authorizes a bank to check these mailboxes as often as is reasonable, given the number of payments that will be received. Because the bank is making the collection, the funds that have been received are immediately deposited into the company’s account without first being processed by the company’s accounting system, thereby speeding up cash collection.
Wholesale and retail.
Lockbox is generally divided into Wholesale and Retail. Retail lockboxes are for companies with high volumes of consumer oriented payments such as utility payments, loan payments, etc., and these remittances often include a standardized 'payment coupon'. Wholesale lockboxes are for corporate to corporate payments and tend to be higher dollar amounts than retail lockbox transactions. These transactions usually do not include a standardized payment coupon and require more manual effort for the bank to process.
Electronic conversion.
With the advent of cheque truncation, it has become common to "capture" images of the checks and associated documentation (payment coupons, for example) into a digital format for use in computer systems (i.e., TIFF, JPEG or PDF files). These files can then undergo OCR and data validation when character confidence is low and then further specialized processing may take place. Banks often use specialized mail processing and document scanner equipment that can scan hundreds, or thousands, of checks per minute.
Specialized software increases the productivity of the banking customers allowing them to receive electronic data and images from the bank and automation exists that can quickly move the images into document management systems, work flow systems and accounting systems. In the health care industry this data is converted into edi 835 5010 ERA format (electronic remittance advice). Examples of software for processing lock box includes Optiform's Lockbox processor, a part of the eobXL suite.
Due to the Check 21 Act, some lockboxes even wholly convert some checks to electronic data, and the paper checks are shredded and never actually returned to the originating bank.
Online bill payment services.
Many online electronic bill pay services are not 100% online. The payee might not be set up to accept electronic payments, so the bill pay service will print out large numbers of paper checks and then mail them to the lockbox, where they will be processed alongside all the other paper checks.
Offshoring.
Transferring data from paper to electronic format involves labor-intensive data entry work. This has prompted a movement to "offshore" the data entry of the information on checks to countries (e.g., India) that have abundant employees—which helps in ultimately lowering the costs.

</doc>
<doc id="9671451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671451" title="Fundación">
Fundación

Fundación is a town and municipality of the Colombian Department of Magdalena. Its people are known as Fundanenses. The primary economic activity is livestock-raising, for production of both meat and milk. Other crops are: corn, yuca, oranges, bananas, beans, sesame, sorghum, rice, tomatoes, and tobacco. There is also artisanal fishing.
Physically, the area of Fundación consists of river valley, flood plain and some low-lying hills. The municipio is bounded on the north by Aracataca, on the east by Bosconia, on the south by Chibolo, and, on the west by Pivijay, Sabanas de San Angel, and Algarrobo. The town is crossed by the Fundación River.
The town came to international prominence on 18 May 2014 when a school bus caught fire at the local Pentecostal Church. Thirty two children who had just attended a church service died in the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="9671506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671506" title="Democrats (Brazil)">
Democrats (Brazil)

The Democrats (, DEM) is a political party in Brazil, which is considered the main party within the right-wing spectrum. It was founded in 1985 under the name of Liberal Front Party ("Partido da Frente Liberal", PFL) from a dissidence of the defunct Democratic Social Party (PDS), successor to the National Renewal Alliance (Arena), the official party during the military dictatorship of 1964–1985. It changed to its current name in 2007. The original name reflected the party's support of free market policies, rather than the identification with international liberal parties. Instead, the party affiliated itself to the international federations of Christian democratic (CDI) and conservative parties (IDU). The Democrats' identification number is 25 and its colors are green, blue, and white.
History.
UDN (1945-1964).
The current Democrats have their origins on the National Democratic Union ("União Democrática Nacional - UDN"), a party founded on April 7, 1945, at the end of Getúlio Vargas' Estado Novo regime, in order to oppose the nationalist policies of the late President. UDN ran presidential candidates in the elections of 1945, 1950, and 1955, running Brigadier Eduardo Gomes as candidate in the first two, and General Juarez Távora in the latter, losing on all three occasions. In 1960, UDN was able to obtain a historical victory by supporting the conservative candidate, Jânio Quadros, who was not a member of UDN himself. After his resignation on August 25, 1961, in a clumsy political maneuver, Vice-President João Goulart, from a different electoral coalition (at that time, Brazilians voted for President and Vice President separately), took office. A member of Vargas' Brazilian Labour Party ("Partido Trabalhista Brasileiro - PTB"), and a political protégé of the late President, his Basic Reforms were accused of being a Soviet influence on Brazilian politics. He was depposed by the Army in a US-backed coup d'état in 1964, which was supported by most UDN members.
Arena (1964-1980).
After the 1964 coup d'état, the multi-party system established in 1945 was abolished. The military rule established two parties: the National Renewal Alliance Party ("Aliança Renovadora Nacional - ARENA"), the official party of the regime, and the Brazilian Democratic Movement ("Movimento Democrático Brasileiro - MDB"), the moderate opposition. Most UDN members, as well as most members of the Social Democratic Party ("Partido Social Democrático - PSD") and minor conservative parties, joined UDN. Although there were no direct elections for President during the military dictatorship, the regime continued elections to the National Congress, with some restrictions. ARENA received an overwhelming share of the vote in the parliamentary elections of 1966 and 1970 as a result of MDB's weak organization and of the regime's self-called "economic miracle". However, MDB's advance in 1974 and 1978 made the regime change the election rules in the country in order to gain more seats than the opposition. With the end of bipartisanship, ARENA was officially dissolved on November 29, 1979, just a week after the electoral reform. The former ARENA then became the Democratic Social Party ("Partido Democrático Social - PDS"), supporting the administration of General João Figueiredo, who would become the last President of Brazil under military dictatorship.
PDS (1980-1985).
With the growth of the opposition, the government maneuvered to assure a majority for PDS in the following elections. Its first step was to postpone the local elections from 1980 to 1982, when state Governos would be elected by direct vote for the first time since 1960, as well as the members of the National Congress that would elect the new president in 1985. Next, it passed an electoral law in the National Congress on January 11, 1982 that prohibited the formation of electoral coalitions and obligated voters to cast their votes for one party for all offices. Due to this, PDS was able to elect more Governors, Senators, Federal Deputies, State Deputies, Mayors and Councilors than the opposition parties. Nevertheless, it lost control of major states such as São Paulo, Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro, Espírito Santo, Paraná, Pará, and Goiás.
PFL (1985-2007).
On January 24, 1985, DEM's direct predecessor, the Liberal Front Party ("Partido da Frente Liberal - PFL"), was founded by a dissident faction of PDS. At the time, Brazil was under the effervescence that put an end to the military regime. In the previous year, a series of rallies known as "Diretas Já" gathered thousands of peoples in the streets of major cities to demand the direct election of the next President, as envisaged in the Dante de Oliveira amendment, which was pending approval in the Congress. On January 10, 1984, PDS rejected supporting this proposition, but a pro-"Diretas Já" faction emerged within the party a few days later. On April 25, 1984, the Congress, besieged by Army officials, voted the amendment. It did not reach the required quorum for approval, due to the absence of 112 deputies from PDS.
After the attempts to have a direct election failed, discussions about the presidential succession turned to the National Congress, which would elect the President indirectly in the following year. The pro-"Diretas Já" faction of PDS formed the Liberal Front, and decided to support PMDB's candidate Tancredo Neves against PDS's Paulo Maluf, the official candidate of the military regime. With the support of Aureliano Chaves, Marco Maciel, Antônio Carlos Magalhães, and Jorge Bornhausen, among other major dissidents from PDS, the Liberal Front named José Sarney as Neves' running mate for the 1985 presidential election. On January 15, 1985, the Neves/Sarney presidential ticket got 480 of the 686 votes available in the Congress (70% of the total). Nine days later, on January 24, 1985, the Liberal Front officially disbanded from PDS and formed the Liberal Front Party (PFL). With the death of Tancredo Neves on April 21, 1985, Sarney took office as President. Due to the same electoral law that forbade coalitions, Sarney was forced to join PMDB, of which he is still a member today. PFL, however, was a major ally of his government. His daughter, Roseana, was a member of PFL until 2006, when she was expelled from the party for supporting Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
In 1989, Aureliano Chaves was chosen as PFL's presidential candidate, but the weakness of his campaign made most leaders of the party to declare their support for National Reconstruction Party (PRN)'s candidate, Fernando Collor, himself a former member of ARENA, PDS, and PMDB. PFL's Senators, however, had masterminded the candidacy of businessman and television presenter Silvio Santos, a maneuver which had been hampered by the Supreme Electoral Court. An ally of Collor in the runoff election against Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, PFL participated in his government, and, even after his impeachment, it participated in the coalition that supported Itamar Franco's government. From 1994 to 1998, PFL supported Fernando Henrique Cardoso and thus secured the post of vice-president with Marco Maciel. Prior to the 2002 election, an operation led by the Federal Police in Maranhão undermined the presidential candidacy of Roseana Sarney, leading to a rupture with the government.
As opposition party： 2002-present.
In the legislative elections, on October 6, 2002, the party won 84 out of 513 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 14 out of 54 seats in the Senate. After this election, which saw the rise of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of the Workers' Party (PT) as President, PFL became an opposition party for the first time ever since the 1964 coup. The party reorganized its alliance with Cardoso's PSDB in order to form the official opposition in the National Congress.
In the following general elections, held on October 1, 2006, the party won 65 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 6 out of the 27 seats up for election in the Senate, making it the second largest party in the Senate. The party does not usually run presidential candidates, but does run gubernatorial candidates in several states. In the 2006 elections, the party lost several state governorships, but won the governorship of the Federal District. However, this governorship was later lost due to a corruption scandal in which Governor José Roberto Arruda was caught on tape receiving bribery from private companies.
In 2007, the party was refounded and adopted its current name.
In the 2010 elections, the party continued to suffer losses in the Parliament, losing 22 seats in the Chamber of Deputies, and 7 seats in the Senate. DEM was able to elect only two Senators that year (Demóstentes Torres from Goiás, and José Agripino Maia from Rio Grande do Norte), for a total of 6, falling from the second largest party in the Senate to the fourth. Its longest-serving member, former Vice President Marco Maciel, which had been first elected to the National Congress in 1966, was not re-elected. On the other hand, DEM won the governorships of the states of Rio Grande do Norte and Santa Catarina, expanding its presence in state administrations.
The party lost over half of its votes when comparing the 2006 and 2010 Senate elections. In 2006, it had 21.6 million votes for the upper house, while in 2010 it had just 10.2 million votes. The decline was less sharp in the Chamber of Deputies elections, as it had 10.1 million votes in 2006, and 7.3 million in 2010. The decrease in DEM's voting was attributed to the rapid growth of the PT and its allies in the Northeast. In 1986, the party had won 36% of the votes for the Chamber in the Northeast, while in 2006 this was reduced to 17%.
As a result of the decline in DEM's popularity, the party has considered merging with another major party, such as the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB) or the Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB). A possible merge with PMDB, however, has been rejected by most of DEM's leaders due to the fact that it is a member of the Lulista alliance in the National Congress and in most local level administrations. In 2011, it suffered another decline in its membership when São Paulo mayor Gilberto Kassab founded the Social Democratic Party (PSD) and took prominent DEM members such as Senator Kátia Abreu, Santa Catarina governor Raimundo Colombo, and former vice-presidential candidate Indio da Costa with him. PSD has 52 federal deputies and 2 Senators, most of them former DEM members.
Ideology.
The party is usually considered to be right-wing. In 2006, the party's former president Jorge Bornhausen stated in an interview to Brazil's largest newsmagazine "Veja", that the party should be considered centrist and socially liberal. However, other party leaders have classified it as "internationally, closest to Christian democracy".
According to political scientist Jairo Nicolau, the name change was intended to crown a process of modernization inside the party. "DEM was launched to be a modern right-wing party, with a new program, and aimed at the urban middle classes; a kind of Conservative Party of the UK", he says. This, according to him, explains the departure of founding members and the rise of younger leaders. For instance, Jorge Bornhausen, which had been a member of UDN, retired from the presidency of the party to give place to federal deputy Rodrigo Maia, son of César Maia. The Santa Catarina section of the party was taken over by Bornhausen's own son, deputy Paulo Bornhausen. In Bahia, ACM Neto took over the legacy of his grandfather, Antônio Carlos Magalhães.
Internationally, the Democrats are affiliated with both the Christian democratic Centrist Democrat International and the conservative International Democrat Union. Its youth organization, "Juventude Democratas", and the Rio Grande do Sul section, however, are associated with the Liberal Network for Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="9671515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671515" title="Pentoxyverine">
Pentoxyverine

Pentoxyverine (rINN) or carbetapentane is an antitussive (cough suppressant) commonly used for cough associated with illnesses like common cold. It is sold over-the-counter in the United States as Solotuss, or in combination with other medications, especially decongestants. One such product is "Certuss", a combination of guaifenesin and pentoxyverine.
The drug is available in the form of drops, suspensions and suppositories.
Uses.
The drug is used for the treatment of dry cough associated with conditions such as common cold, bronchitis or sinusitis. Like codeine and other antitussives, it relieves the symptom, but does not heal the illness. No controlled clinical trials regarding the efficiency of pentoyxverine are available.
Pharmacologists use the substance as a selective agonist at the sigma-1 receptor in animal and in vitro experiments.
Contraindications.
Pentoxyverine is contraindicated in persons with bronchial asthma or other kinds of respiratory insufficiency (breathing difficulties), as well as angle-closure glaucoma. No data are available for the use of pentoxyverine during pregnancy, lactation, or children under two years of age, wherefore the drug must not be used under these circumstances.
Antitussive drugs are not useful in patients with extensive phlegm production because they prevent coughing up the phlegm.
Adverse effects.
The most common side effects (seen in more than 1% of patients) are upper abdominal (belly) pain, diarrhoea, dry mouth, and nausea or vomiting. Allergic reactions of the skin like itching, rashes, hives and angiooedema are rare. The same is true for anaphylactic shock and convulsions.
Overdose.
Overdosage leads to drowsiness, agitation, nausea and anticholinergic effects like tachycardia (high heart rate), dry mouth, blurred vision, glaucoma, or urinary retention. Especially in children, pentoxyverine can cause hypoventilation, but much more seldom than codeine and other opioid antitussives.
The treatment of overdosage aims at the symptoms; there are no specific antidotes available.
Interactions.
No interactions have been described at usual doses. It is possible that pentoxyverine can increase the potency of sedative drugs like benzodiazepines, some anticonvulsants and antidepressants, and alcohol. Likewise, some consumer informations warn patients from taking the drug in combination with or up to two weeks after monoamine oxidase inhibitors, which are known to cause potentially fatal reactions in combination with the (chemically only distantly related) antitussive dextromethorphan.
Mechanism of action.
Pentoxyverine suppresses the cough reflex in the central nervous system, but the exact mechanism of action is not known with certainty. The drug acts as an antagonist at muscarinic receptors (subtype M1) and as an agonist at sigma receptors (subtype σ1). Its anticholinergic properties can theoretically relax the pulmonary alveoli and reduce phlegm production. Spasmolytic and local anaesthetic properties have also been described. The clinical relevance of these mechanisms is uncertain.
Pharmacokinetics.
The substance is absorbed quickly from the gut and reaches its maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) after about two hours. If applied rectally, Cmax is reached after four hours. The bioavailability of the suppositories, measured as area under the curve (AUC), is about twofold that of oral formulations, due to a first pass effect of over 50%. By far the most important metabolisation reaction is ester hydrolysis, which accounts for 26.3% of the total clearance through the kidneys. Only 0.37% are cleared in form of the original substance. The plasma half life is 2.3 hours for oral formulations and three to 3.5 hours for suppositories. Pentoxyverine is also excreted into the breast milk.
Chemical properties.
Pentoxyverine dihydrogen citrate, the salt that is commonly used for oral preparations, is a white to off-white, crystalline powder. It dissolves easily in water or chloroform, but not in benzene, diethyl ether, or petroleum ether, and melts at 90–95 °C. Other orally available salts are the hydrochloride and the tannate; suppositories contain the free base.

</doc>
<doc id="9671530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671530" title="Budoc">
Budoc

Saint Budoc of Dol (also Budeaux or Beuzec) was a Bishop of Dol, venerated after his death as a saint in both Brittany (now in France) and Devon (now in England). Saint Budoc is the patron of Plourin Ploudalmezeau in Finistère where his relics are preserved. His feast day was celebrated on 8 December, the date still used in Devon, but in Brittany this was moved to 9 December.
Life.
Saint Budoc was the Bishop of Dol in Brittany. The details of his life are shrouded in legend. He is reputed to have been grandson of the King of Brest. Budoc was supposed to have been born at sea under incredible circumstances. His mother, Princess Azenor of Brest, had been falsely accused of infidelity by her jealous stepmother. Budoc's furious father, the King of Goello (Tréguier), had Azenor exiled, and near Brest had thrown his pregnant wife into the sea in a cask. There Budoc was born attended in his mother's visions by Saint Brigid. The cask washed ashore on the coast of Ireland, where Budoc was raised. Both Azenor and Budoc were later welcomed back to the Kingdom of Brest after Azenor's stepmother fell ill, and upon her deathbed she recanted the evil lies she had spread. (Evans, 1919) Budoc was raised and educated at Youghal monastery, and later became its abbot.
The vita of Breton Saint Winwaloe describes Budoc as a teacher living on the island of Laurea. Later Budoc was elected bishop, and then returned to Brittany, where he succeeded Saint Samson and Saint Maglorius as bishop of Dol and ruled for 26 years (according to the 10th century vita of Maglorius and the 11th century 'Chronicle of Dol').
Budoc in South-West England.
Budoc is reputed to have sailed across the Plymouth Sound, until he found an inlet on the Devon side of the River Tamar. He landed in Budshead Creek, part of the present district of Plymouth called St Budeaux. His supposed activity suggests the foundation of an early church in Plymouth. However, there is no evidence of the name in Devon prior to the 16th century. There is also an ancient church said to have been dedicated by him at Budock in Cornwall, and there was once one in Oxford too. Saint Budoc's feast day is celebrated in Devon on 8 December.
Troparion of Saint Budoc.
"Thou wast miraculously preserved from the ocean's fury"
"and, being sustained by the hand of God,"
"thou didst devote thyself to his service, O Hierarch Budoc."
"Being showered with both temporal and spiritual honours both in Armagh and in Dol,"
"thou didst labour to win souls for Christ,"
"therefore we implore thine aid,"
"begging Christ our God that he will save our souls".

</doc>
<doc id="9671568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671568" title="History of Burger King">
History of Burger King

The predecessor to what is now the international fast food restaurant chain Burger King was founded in 1953 in Jacksonville, Florida, as Insta-Burger King. Inspired by the McDonald brothers' original store location in San Bernardino, California, the founders and owners, Keith J. Kramer and his wife's uncle Matthew Burns, began searching for a concept. After purchasing the rights to two pieces of equipment called "Insta" machines, the two opened their first stores around a cooking device known as the Insta-Broiler. The Insta-Broiler oven proved so successful at cooking burgers, they required all of their franchises to carry the device. After the original company began to falter in 1954, it was purchased by its Miami, Florida, franchisees James McLamore and David R. Edgerton. The two initiated a corporate restructuring of the chain; the first step was to rename the company Burger King. The duo ran the company as an independent entity for eight years, eventually expanding to over 250 locations in the United States, when they sold it to the Pillsbury Company in 1967.
Pillsbury's management made several attempts at reorganization or restructuring of the restaurant chain in the late 1970s and early 1980s. The most prominent change came in 1978 when Burger King hired McDonald's executive Donald N. Smith to help revamp the company. In a plan called Operation Phoenix, Smith initiated a restructuring of corporate business practices at all levels of the company. Changes to the company included updated franchise agreements, a broadening of the menu, and new store designs to standardize the look and feel of the company. While these efforts were initially effective, many of them were eventually discarded, resulting in Burger King falling into a fiscal slump that damaged the financial performance of both Burger King and its parent. Poor operating performance and ineffectual leadership continued to bog the company down for many years, even after it was acquired in 1989 by the British entertainment conglomerate Grand Metropolitan and its successor Diageo. Eventually, the institutional neglect of the brand by Diageo damaged the company to the point where major franchises were driven out of business and its total value was significantly decreased. Diageo eventually decided to divest itself of the loss-making chain and put the company up for sale in 2000.
The twenty-first century saw the company return to independence when it was purchased from Diageo by a group of investment firms led by TPG Capital for in 2002. The new owners rapidly moved to revitalize and reorganize the company, culminating with the company being taken public in 2006 with a highly successful initial public offering. The firms' strategy for turning the chain around included a new advertising agency and new ad campaigns, a revamped menu strategy, a series of programs designed to revamp individual stores, and a new restaurant concept called the BK Whopper Bar. These changes successfully re-energized the company. Despite the successes of the new owners, the effects of the financial crisis of 2007–2010 weakened the company's financial outlooks while those of its immediate competitor McDonald's grew. The falling value of Burger King eventually lead to TPG and its partners divesting their interest in the chain in a sale to 3G Capital of Brazil. Analysts from financial firms UBS and Stifel Nicolaus agreed that 3G will have to invest heavily in the company to help reverse its fortunes. After the deal was completed, the company's stock was removed from the New York Stock Exchange, ending a four-year period as a public company. The delisting of its stock was designed to help the company repair its fundamental business structures and continue working to close the gap with McDonald's without having to worry about pleasing shareholders. 3G would again take the company public again after a series of changes to its operations and structure.
History.
Insta-Burger King.
Burger King was founded in 1953 in Jacksonville, Florida, as Insta-Burger King by Keith J. Kramer and his wife's uncle, Matthew Burns. Their first stores were centred around a piece of equipment known as the Insta-Broiler, which was very effective at cooking burgers. It proved successful that, as they grew through franchising, they required all of their franchises to carry the device.
While the Jacksonville chain kept expanding, two friends named James McLamore and David R. Edgerton, both alumni of the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration, were seeking an opportunity to open their own business. McLamore had visited the original hamburger stand belonging to Dick and Mac McDonald in San Bernardino, California, and sensing potential in their innovative assembly line-based production system, decided to open a similar operation.
McLamore and Edgerton acquired a license to operate an Insta-Burger King franchise and opened their first location on 4 December 1954 at 3090 NW 36th Street in Miami. By 1959 the pair had stores at several locations within the Miami-Dade area, and operations were growing at a fast rate. However, the partners discovered that the insta-broiler units' heating elements were prone to degradation from the drippings of the beef patties. The pair eventually created a mechanized gas grill that avoided the problems by cooking the meat patties a different way inside the unit. The new cooking appliance, which they called a flame broiler, moved the patties over the flame vertically on a chain link conveyor over the heating elements, a design that imparted grill lines on the patties similar to those made on a charcoal grill. The new unit worked so well that they made the decision to replace all of their Insta-Broilers with the newly designed unit.
Even though the original Insta-Burger King had rapidly expanded throughout the state and its operations totaled more than 40 locations by 1955, the group ran into financial difficulties. McLamore and Edgarton purchased the national rights to the chain in 1959 and rechristened the company as Burger King of Miami. The company eventually became known as Burger King Corporation and began selling territorial licenses to private franchisees across the US by 1959.
Besides the creation of the company's signature piece of equipment, the flame broiler, the company added two more features during this period that have since become closely associated with the chain. The first to be created was its mascot, the Burger King in 1955. The character would become a staple of its advertising over the next 60 years. The second creation was the company's signature sandwich, the Whopper. It was created in 1957 by James McLamore and originally sold for 37 cents. McLamore created the burger after he noticed that a rival restaurant was having success selling a larger burger. Believing that the success of the rival product was its size, he devised the Whopper. The name was chosen because he felt that it conveyed ""imagery of something big"". Finally, the company made its first forays into advertising in the new medium of television with commercials for the chain in 1958.
Pillsbury Company.
In 1967, the Pillsbury Company acquired Burger King and its parent company Burger King Corporation from McLamore and Edgerton. At the time of the purchase, BK had grown to 274 restaurants in the United States and had an estimated value of . With the acquisition, Pillsbury was faced with a lack of consistency within the franchise framework. The Burger King Corporation franchising system set up by McLamore and Edgerton allowed the company to expand a great pace, but the lack of contractual restraints and controls on its franchisee operation led to inconsistencies in its products that in turn were a drag on the reputation of the chain. Additionally, the agreements gave the company too little power to prevent its franchises from doing as they wished with the business.
One of the prime examples of the deficiencies in its former franchise structure can be illustrated by the relationship between Burger King and a Louisiana-based franchisee. Chart House, owned by brothers Billy and Jimmy Trotter, opened its first BK franchise in that state in 1963. By 1970 the Trotters' company had grown to over 350 stores across the country, with its own purchasing system, training program and inspection system. In 1973 Chart House attempted to purchase the chain from Pillsbury for , but Pillsbury declined. The Trotters then put forth a second plan that would have Pillsbury and Chart House spin off their respective holdings and merge the two entities into a separate jointly controlled company, which Pillsbury also declined. After the failed bids, the relationship between Pilsbury and the Trotters soured. When Chart House purchased several restaurants in Boston and Houston in 1979, Burger King sued the selling franchisees for not respecting their contractual right of first refusal and won, successfully preventing the sale. The two parties eventually reach a settlement where Chart House kept the Houston locations in their portfolio. In the early 1980s Chart House spun off its Burger King restaurants to focused on its higher end chains; its Burger King holding company, DiversiFoods, was eventually acquired by Pillsbury in 1984 and folded into Burger King's operations.
With the ongoing conflict with Chart House on the mind of the company's board in 1978, Burger King hired McDonald's executive Donald N. Smith to help revamp the company. Smith initiated a restructuring of all future franchising agreements. New owners were barred from living more than an hour's drive from their restaurants, corporations were not permitted to own franchises, and franchisees could no longer operate other chains. This new policy effectively limited the size of franchisees and prevented larger franchises from challenging Burger King as Chart House had. It also became a requirement for the corporation to own the properties of any new store and lease them to franchisees. This policy would allow the company to take over the operations of failing stores or evict those owners who would not conform to the company guidelines and policies. Beyond the changes to the franchise system, Smith also restructured Burger King's corporate operations to better compete against his former employer as well as then up and coming chain Wendy's. He broadened the product offering by adding the Burger King specialty sandwich line in 1979, and also added many non-hamburger sandwiches including new chicken and fish offerings. The new line was one of the first attempts by a major fast food chain to target a specific demographic, in this case adults aged between 18 and 34 years, members of which were presumably willing spend more on a higher quality product. The new products were successful and the company's sales increased by 15%.
After Smith's departure from the company for soft drinks producer PepsiCo in 1980, the company began to see a system-wide decline in sales. Pillsbury executive vice president of restaurant operations Norman E. Brinker was tasked with turning the brand around and strengthening its position against its main rival, McDonald's. One of his first acts was to initiate an advertising plan emphasizing claims that Burger King's flame-broiled burgers were better and larger than its rival's. The program, arguably the first attack ads on a food chain by a competitor, was controversial in that before it fast food ads only made allusions to the competition without ever mentioning them by name. McDonald's sued Burger King, their ad agency at the time J. Walter Thompson. The child actress Sarah Michelle Gellar was also implicated in the lawsuit because of her appearance in these television commercials. The suit was settled the following year on undisclosed terms. Despite the controversy, the ad plan, dubbed the Burger Wars, boosted same store sales. Brinker continued working for the company in this capacity until 1982 when he was promoted to president of Pillsbury's food service division, which included the company's other chains beyond Burger King. Brinker left the company in 1984 to take the helm at Dallas-based gourmet burger chain Chili's.
With the departure of Smith and Brinker, Pillsbury allowed many of their changes to be relaxed, as well as scaled back on construction of new locations which had the effect of stalling corporate growth. By failing to follow through on the changes of the two men, Pillsbury caused its own value to diminish as it derived more than one third of its sales and two thirds of its profits from the burger chain. When the British alcoholic beverages company Grand Metropolitan PLC made a hostile bid for Pillsbury, the company devised a plan to spin off the financially flailing restaurant unit in hopes to raise an estimated US$2 billion that could be used to fend off the unwanted suitor. The complex potentially tax-free stock split plan would have led to the chain, along with its distribution system Distron, becoming a separate entity for the first time in over twenty years.
Hoping that the special dividends created by the spin-off would have convinced shareholders not to accept the hostile bid, Pillsbury had its plans partially scuttled when the company's franchisees rejected the plan despite parts of which that would have given the franchises part ownership in the company and a seat on its new board. In a letter to Pillsbury chairman Phillip L. Smith, franchise representative Bill N. Pothitos stated that franchisees disapproved of the transaction on the grounds that they "strongly oppose this proposed course of conduct for one reason and one reason alone: It so restricts the ability of the Burger King Corporation to engage in future competitive growth and reinvestment in the Burger King system that our economic interests and investments will be placed in jeopardy." Another option floated by the company in December 1988 was to sell Burger King to a third party, a proposal that drew a favorable response from its franchises, never came to fruition.
On top of the failure of the franchises to approve the spin-off, a series of lawsuits complicated the divestiture. Two legal challenges to the parent company were filed by investors, one in Pillsbury's home state of Minnesota and another in the state where it was incorporated, Delaware, in which the legality of the stock tender plan was questioned. These three events eventually forced Pillsbury to give up its bid to fend off Grand Metropolitan and agree to be acquired in November 1988 for a sum of US$5.7 billion.
Grand Metropolitan.
Between the time of the initial sales agreement in November 1988 and the finalization of the acquisition of Pillsbury in January 1989, Grand Metropolitan set about putting its own corporate stamp on Burger King; the stated goal of Grand Met CEO Allen Sheppard was to upgrade the overall performance of the chain and improve its standing as the second largest fast-food burger chain globally. To that end, he had the company initiate a three-prong strategy of evaluation of operations, personnel moves, and structural changes and improvements to fortify the company.
Following through on the CEO's opinion that the company needed a consistent marketing plan and management team to succeed, the company began its moves by replacing its chairman and CEO Jerry W. Levin with its own choice of executives, Barry J. Gibbons, chairman and managing director of Grand Metropolitan Retailing, Ltd., as chief executive and Ian A. Martin, Grand Met's top executive in the United States, as chairman. The moves came to no surprise to Wall Street analysts and franchisees, as they were expected due to reservations about Levin after his appointment by the outgoing management at Pillsbury. Grand Met's first major restructuring move was the dismantling of Burger Kings 50-year-old purchasing and distribution arm, Distron. Unhappy with the distribution group, the company originally thought to dispose of the division after the purchase but instead decided to reorganize it into two separate groups, one for procurement (Burger King Purchasing or BKPS) and another for distribution (Burger King Distribution Services or BKDS). With the restructuring, the company eliminated many positions and ended up laying off over a hundred staff members as a consequence.
During the five years that led up to the purchase, the restaurant chain had a series of a half dozen ad programs accompanied by even more marketing directors, a situation that led "Adweek" to describe it as "ill-conceived marketing and downright sloppy strategic planning" in 1987. In order to reverse the trend, in December 1988 Grand Met set about reevaluating all aspects of the programs from the messages the company was sending to the customer through its commercials to the possibility of dropping its advertising agency of record, N. W. Ayer. After a six-month evaluation, BK dropped Ayer in favor of a two-way combination of D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles (DMB&B) for overall programs and Saatchi & Saatchi for specific advertising programs such as the introduction of new products. The company hoped that the "dual-agency partnership" would provide a synergy that would bring together "some of the best minds in the advertising business" to establish a brand identity, or as a company spokesman stated, "what the consumers take away with them after they visit us--what we stand for..."
Grand Met also made several moves in an attempt to broaden BK's business operations while expanding its presence globally. The first move by the company was the creation of the BK Expressway business concept, a new store store format designed for locations where a traditional stand-alone restaurant was impractical. The company introduced two separate formats designed to operate in different business environments; the first concept was intended as a kiosk-type store that would be placed in locations such as sports venues and airports. The second concept store, designed with two drive-thrus and a minimal or even non-existent dining room, was designed to go in locations that were limited by high land costs or limited space. Both types of these new, smaller stores operated with a condensed menu prepared on new equipment designed specifically for the more compact footprints of the new locations. Expressway locations were also designed with lower start-up costs in mind; franchisees were wooed with the promise of a much smaller investment, approximately one third as much, than would be required to open a more traditional location. In August of the same year, Grand Met set about expanding Burger King's operations in Europe by acquiring UK-based United Biscuits restaurant operations, including the nearly 400-location burger chain Wimpy. With the purchase, described as a "rare opportunity" by CEO Sheppard, Grand Met set about converting certain Wimpy locations that employed a counter service system into Burger King locations. The merger of the United Biscuits properties with BK grew the company from about 30 restaurants in the UK to more than 60 within a year of the purchase, with another 30 locations added in early 1990. While other "Wimpy" locations are still in operation presently, they are now independent from BK and no longer have the presence they once did.
The 1990s led off with Grand Met taking Burger King's soft drink contract to Coca-Cola from Pepsi. Traditionally Burger King had sold soft drinks from the Coca-Cola Company in its home market, however in 1983 PepsiCo was able to garner the US$444 million beverage supplier contract from its rival. Despite extreme market debate over the future of the contract, it was renewed for a second term in 1987. A sweetened contract that strengthened marketing and advertising program ties between Burger King and itself allowed Pepsi to keep supplying soft drinks to BK. Leading up to the decision, Pepsi had sponsored over 100 separate cross-promotions and product tie-ins, including a Fourth of July promotion where BK gave away a free Pepsi with each purchase. This fit into the goals of BK, which was looking for a partner that would provide "outstanding, impactful promotional support." However, the contract only lasted three more years when, partially based upon Pepsi's growth as a restaurant operator with its Tricon Restaurants division, Burger King moved its beverage contract back to Coca-Cola. Accompanying the reintroduction of Coca-Cola, BK introduced its first major chicken sandwich since 1977; the new BK Broiler sandwich was a broiled sandwich targeting more health-conscious customers. The BK Broiler was a rapid hit and within six months of its introduction was selling more than a million units daily system wide.
The company made an advertising coup that same year when it signed a 10-picture contract with the Walt Disney Company. The deal, which included such Disney films as The Lion King, Aladdin and "Toy Story", came at the height of Disney's commercial rebirth. Accompanied with the new BK Kid's Club program, the company saw an impressive growth within the children's market. The company's new Kid's Club, its first major foray into a children's targeted ad campaign since the Burger King/Burger King Kingdom program of the 1970s, saw phenomenal growth with more than one million children signing up for the program within two months of its introduction.
While many of the moves made by Grand Met were successful in generating additional sales and growth, the company continued to experience problems. While "Fortune Magazine" named CEO Gibbons as its Turnaround Champion for his success in reversing the fortunes of the company, several news outlets claimed that the changes he introduced were problematic because they deprived the company of valuable assets.
In 1992, Hurricane Andrew destroyed the company headquarters. The building, located on Old Cutler Rd. in Miami, was right in the center of the path of the hurricane. Located on the shoreline at the terminus of 184th St. (Eureka Drive), the highest storm surge levels was recorded (16.9 ft) at the site. The building suffered more than in damage and pushed the company from its offices during one of its more significant product pushes. Not only was the company forced from its facilities, roughly 300 members of its 700+ staff were left homeless. Immediately after the storm, Gibbons began a program to help get the company back on track. The company's recovery was helped due to pre-planning before the storm's landfall; Corporate backoffice data was moved to Seattle, Washington before the storm struck in order to safeguard critical records, and the company established a temporary "command center" at the Doral Resort and Country Club in Miami within eight days of the hurricanes passing. Additional operations were temporarily decentralized by temporarily shifting some corporate functions to regional offices. The facility would eventually take more than a year to rebuild, finally opening in September 1993.
Not only did Gibbons work to repair the damage to the company offices, he made it a priority to allow its staff to deal with their personal situations. He made staff members job descriptions more flexible, encouraging staff members to take the initiative to perform a wide range of tasks. A corporate day care system was established, allowing staff to bring their children to work. Staff members were allowed to take off as much time as needed to reestablish themselves and corporate dress codes were relaxed. The company brought in counselors, insurance experts, tax consultants, child care advisers and construction companies to help the staff reorient themselves. The company also went so far as to arrange emergency loans for its employees.
By 1993, Gibbons had tired of the post, and named a new successor to the post. He initially resigned his post as CEO of the company and was replaced by his chosen successor, COO James B. Adamson. Gibbons retained his position as chairman until he left the company
Adamson continued the company's plans to expand into new markets such as universities, gas stations, airports and sports arenas with the intention of looking into new channels of distribution. Over the next year and a half he worked on a series of initiatives to strengthen the company; in a back to basics campaign, he oversaw a streamlining Burger King's menu and worked to improve and strengthen relations with franchisees. His changes were credited with a 28 percent increase in sales in BK's fiscal year 1995 and same store sales that were up 6 percent. He left in early 1995 when Denny's made him an offer to take the reins of the competitor; he left the company credited with fixing the deficiencies left by Gibbons and was temporarily replaced with David Nash. He was elevated to Chairman in July, with Robert Lowes as CEO. Lowes became chairman in November.
Diageo.
In 1997, Grand Metropolitan merged with Guinness to form a company called Diageo in a deal worth US$22 billion. Franchisees alleged that Diageo ignored the chain in favor of its liquor business; there were two more CEOs in the time Diageo owned the company.
This institutionalized neglect further hurt the standing of the brand, in turn causing significant financial damage to Burger King's franchisees. By the time of the sale, Burger King's revenues and market share had declined significantly, and the company had fallen to a near tie for second place with rival Wendy's in the US market for hamburger chain restaurants. For many years leading into the early 2000s, Burger King and its various owners plus many of its larger franchisees closed many under-performing stores. Several of its largest franchisees entered bankruptcy due to the issues surrounding the performance of the brand.
Diageo maintained ownership of BK until 2000 when Diageo decided to focus solely on their beverage products and divest itself of the chain. In 2001, the company put forth a plan to float approximately 20 percent of BKC on the NYSE. Burger King's franchises representation group, The National Franchise Association (NFA), sought to block this because it believed that any money raised from the issue would not be put into helping bolster the then flagging BK, but would instead end up being used to help Diageo bolster its liquor brands. 
Instead, the NFA sought to purchase the chain from Diageo, but the deal collapsed when the NFA was unable to put together an acceptable financing package.
TPG Capital and partners.
In 2002, a troika of private equity firms led by TPG Capital, L.P with associates Bain Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners agreed to purchase BK from Diageo for , with the sale becoming complete in December of that year. The new owners, through several new CEOs, moved to revitalize and reorganize the company, the first major move was to rename the BK parent as Burger King Brands. The investment group initially planned to take BK public within the two years of the acquisition, this was delayed until 2006. On 1 February 2006, Out-going CEO Greg Brenneman announced TPG's plans to turn Burger King into a publicly traded company by issuing an Initial Public Offering (IPO).
On 16 February, the company announced it had filed its registration for the IPO with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Burger King began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BKC on 18 May 2006. The stock sale generated $425 million in revenue, the largest IPO of a US-based restaurant chain on record. The proceeds from the sale were used by the company help pay back a loan taken out taken by the company in February used to pay dividends to the investment firms. According to one analyst at Renaissance Capital, Wall Street investors were not alarmed by the large payout due to the increased financial stability of the company resulting from changes made by the investor groups during the interim between the purchase in 2002 and the stock offering. Incoming CEO John W. Chidsey backed the payouts, stating that the financial firms spent considerable time and capital turning the company around.
By the middle of its fiscal year 2008, the company had seen significant domestic growth for the first time in several years; for more than a dozen financial quarters, the company showed revenue increases and domestic expansion. During the first half of the calendar year 2008, the company initiated a plan to revitalize its stores with a program to replace or remodel almost all of its North American locations by the beginning of its fiscal year 2009 in July 2008. The renovation plan was credited with helping the company increase same-store sales by as much as 5.4 percent over the previous fiscal year versus its competitors McDonald's and Yum Brand's 3 percent increase, but the total costs of the renovation program affected the company's revenue stream for the final quarters of its 2008 fiscal year. Wall Street analysts had originally projected net income to be approximately 27¢ per share, but the company only reported a 25¢ per share profit. The smaller profit announcement temporarily drove Burger King's stock prices down after the announcement. Despite the lower than expected profit and small decline in stock value, Wall Street analysts were upbeat about Burger King's future earnings because it was felt that the renovations would contribute to future profits; one such analyst stated that the renovations would "pay for themselves".
Further modernization plans were introduced in 2009 with the company's "20/20" store designs and its "BK Whopper Bar" concept. The 20/20 concept, officially unveiled in Amsterdam on 10 October, featured a radical new design that featured bright colors, corrugated metal accents and plain brick walls that are designed to compete with chains in the fast casual restaurant market segment. A new system of in-store advertising was also introduced as part of the new format, static menu boards are to be replaced with high definition video displays. With the introduction of the 20/20 format, all future Burger King locations will be constructed using the design framework. Additionally, any future restaurant renovations must also conform to the new standard. The primary drawback of the design is its costs to the individual owners of BK restaurants; franchises must pay between to renovate their buildings to Burger King specs.
The Whopper Bar is a concept from the company that upends its traditional fast food operations with a newer high end concept designed to compete with fast casual and casual dining restaurants. The new format is described by the company as a more "playful" variation on the standard Burger King location. The locations feature an open kitchen with a semi-circular metal counter top designed to allow customers to watch as its "Whopperistas" put together the order. The exposed kitchen concept allows customers to view the preparation of their foods. Decoration of the new locations is limited to plasma televisions playing looped videos of open flames. The concept is similar to the McCafe concept from rival McDonald's, and like the McCafe locations they are designed to go into malls, airports and casinos and other areas with limited amounts of space.
With the opening of its Whopper Bar locations in the United States during 2010, Burger King reported that it would be the first time in its North American locations that beer would be available for purchase. Although beer is available at fast food restaurants throughout Europe, including Burger King, this is the first time a major fast food chain has attempted to sell beer in the United States. The company will be selling products from SABMiller and Anheuser-Busch including Budweiser, Bud Lite and Miller Lite in aluminum bottles designed to maintain temperature. The move, designed to target the important 30-and-under demographic, has been called risky by industry analysts because of the company is known as a fast food purveyor and not as an alcoholic beverages seller. Other industry consultants have disagreed with the assessment, believing that the move is a practical one because the company is growing with its aging customer base.
3G Capital.
The latest chapter in the company's ownership history began on 2 September 2010 when TPG and its partners announced it would sell their 31 percent stake in Burger King to another private equity company, 3G Capital, for $24 per share, or . Between March 2004 and March 2009, the company experienced a score of consecutive profitable quarters that were credited with successfully re-energizing the company, however with the slowing of the economy during the financial crisis of 2007-2010 the company's business has declined while its immediate competitor McDonald's grew. Analysts, including John Glass of Morgan Stanley and David Tarantino of Robert W. Baird & Co., part of the reasons for the company's slowed performance is its continue reliance on the super fan. Market-research firm Sandelman & Associates reported that this segment had seen a decline in visits by this demographic group by more than 50 percent during the recession, while restaurant industry analyst Bonnie Riggs at market-research firm NPD Group reported the 18–24 transferred much of its business from the fast food segment to the fast casual segment, compounding the decline.
The offer, representing a 46 percent premium over the stocks selling price at the time, came as a surprise to Burger King CEO John Chidsey. The proposed sale is expected to help the company repair its fundamental business structures and continue working to close the gap with McDonald's. Analysts commenting on the transaction stated that 3G will have to invest heavily in the company to help reverse its fortunes. David Palmer from UBS stated the company will need to work with its large group of franchise owners to brighten its locations and stabilize sales which could take several years and require significant reinvestment, while Steve West of Stifel Nicolaus stated that Burger King will need at least a year to right its fundamentals.
Upon completion of the acquisition in October 2010, 3G began an immediate restructuring of the company. Seven of the top executives were released while another 261 employees were laid off from the company's headquarters. Chidsey eventually resigned in April 2011, being replaced Alex Behring, one of 3G's managing partners. The position of CEO was taken over by Bernardo Hees shortly after the acquisition.
As part of the restructuring, 3G also moved to change many aspects of corporate operations throughout 2011-2012. One of the first moves was to terminate Burger King's relationship with ad agency Crispin Porter + Bogusky, replacing it with McGarryBowen. 3G also began a menu restructuring, with the first product being a revamped version of BK's Chicken Tenders product. Other new or reformulated products would follow. In terms of its franchise operations, Burger King initiated a move to become more like competitors Subway and KFC and began to sell off the majority of corporately owned restaurants in order to become an exclusive franchised operation. 3G also moved to mend relations with its American franchises, which had become rather rancorous during TPG's tenure. Several lawsuits were settled and corporate policies that were at the center of the corporate disputes with the franchises were ended or amended.
In 2011 they partnered with British venture capital firm Justice Holdings to take the company public again. They also initiated a massive expansion of operations via franchising in the BRIC nations and Africa with more than 2500 new planned locations.
Timeline.
Key dates include:

</doc>
<doc id="9671584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671584" title="List of Aberdeen F.C. seasons">
List of Aberdeen F.C. seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Aberdeen Football Club from 1903 to the present day. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top league goal scorers for each season. Records of minor competitions such as the Aberdeenshire Cup and Northern League are not included.
The club has won the Scottish Football League championship 4 times, most recently in 1985. In addition, Aberdeen has won 7 Scottish Cup titles, the Scottish League Cup six times and the European Cup Winners' Cup once.
History.
The club was formed in 1903 after an amalgamation of three Aberdeen-based football clubs, Orion, Aberdeen and Victoria United. An application to join the Scottish Football League in 1903 was defeated in a vote of member clubs, so the club spent its first season in the Northern League. In 1904, Aberdeen was elected to the Second Division. Despite finishing 7th, they were elected to the First Division in time for the 1905-06 season, where they have remained since, having never been relegated.
Aberdeen have finished bottom of the league on two occasions, 1916–17 and 1999-2000. They were spared relegation in 1917 after having to withdraw from the league because of World War I. In 2000, they avoided a play-off against the second and third place teams in the First Division because Falkirk's ground did not comply with SPL regulations.
In 1983, Aberdeen became the second Scottish club to win the European Cup Winners' Cup, defeating Real Madrid in the final. Later that year, they became the first Scottish club to win the UEFA Super Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9671589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671589" title="Kirameku Namida wa Hoshi ni">
Kirameku Namida wa Hoshi ni

The single reached number nine in Japan. The CD's catalog number is GNCX-0003.

</doc>
<doc id="9671599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671599" title="Stefan Lano">
Stefan Lano

Stefan Lano born in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1952, began conducting through his work as composer and after an extensive tenure on the Music Staff of the Vienna State Opera.
Life.
The 1976 premier of his Sinfonie N° 1 afforded him his initial experience in the symphonic genre, both as composer and conductor at the Newport Music Festival. 
He studied Biology and Composition concurrently at Oberlin College and Oberlin Conservatory of Music before attending Harvard University on a full fellowship. He holds a PhD in Composition from Harvard. 
Among his awards as a composer are a BMI Award, First Prize in the National Society of Arts and Letters Composition Competition, an American Music Center Grant and a Fellowship from the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) for further study of composition with Isang Yun in Berlin in 1977. 
During his time in Berlin, he continued piano studies as well as conducting under Professor Hans Martin Rabenstein. It was during this period that he composed his Sinfonie N° 2 (Grodek) before assuming a position as pianist at the opera house in Graz, Austria.
Career in the Symphony.
In 1982, he was engaged to Lorin Maazel as Repetiteur at the Vienna State Opera, a position which he held until his appointment by Maazel as Associate Conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1988 to 1991. He returned to Europe as I. Kapellmeister at the Aachen Opera where he subsequently also served as Music Director and Studienleiter. His international engagements began during these years with concert and opera performance at major musical centers in Europe, South America and Japan.
For the first South American performances of the three-act version of Alban Berg's Lulu, he was engaged to inaugurate the 1993 season at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Since that time, he has been a regular guest at the Teatro Colón and served as its Music Director from 2005 to 2008. 
He made his conducting debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1997 conducting Igor Stravinsky's The Rakes Progress. This led to engagements at the San Francisco Opera, again for Lulu in 1998 and Douglas Moore's The Ballad of Baby Doe in 2000. In 2002, he conducted a concert-performance with the Montréal Symphony of Alban Berg's Wozzeck which was cited as Best Concert of the Season by the Conseil Québécoise de la Musique. In 2003, he and the orchestra again received this award for their performance of Bela Bartok's Bluebeard's Castle. In recent years, his career has been centered primarily in Europe and South America with regular engagements at the Semper Oper Dresden, Hamburg State Opera, Lithuanian National Philharmonic, where he conducted the first performance of his Sinfonie N° 3 in 2004, and the National Opera of Slovakia in Bratislava and Teatro Colón.
References.
i Archiv der Wiener Staatsoper, (Vienna, Austria)
ii Newport Music Festival Archives, 1976
iii Harvard University GSAS; Library of Congress 
iv German Academic Exchange Service, (Bonn/Berlin, Germany)
v Pittsburgh Symphony Society, Pittsburgh PA
vi Archivo Historico- Teatro Colón; Gobierno de la Ciudad de Buenos Aires, (Bueno Aires, Argentina)
vii Metropolitan Opera, New York, NY
viii Orquestre Symphonique de Montréal
ix Archiv der sächsischen Staatsoper Dresden, (Dresden, Germany)
x Hamburgische Staatsoper, (Hamburg, Germany)
xi Slovak National Opera and Ballet Theater, (Bratislava, Slovakia)

</doc>
<doc id="9671604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671604" title="Say Goodbye (album)">
Say Goodbye (album)


</doc>
<doc id="9671655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671655" title="Robin Rowland">
Robin Rowland

Robin Rowland (Robert C. Rowland) is an American argumentation and rhetorical scholar. He is a professor in the Department of Communication Studies at the University of Kansas. He has published in "Communication Monographs", "Journal of the American Forensic Association", Q"uarterly Journal of Speech", and "Argumentation."
Rowland was named the winner of the 2011 Douglas W. Ehninger Distinguished Rhetorical Scholar Award by the National Communication Association.
As a student at the University of Kansas Rowland and his partner Frank Cross won the National Debate Tournament, defeating Georgetown University. Rowland was named eighth outstanding speaker for the tournament.
References.
http://www.news.ku.edu/2011/october/7/rowland.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="9671673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671673" title="Rupert Gwynne">
Rupert Gwynne

Rupert Sackville Gwynne (2 August 187312 October 1924), was a British Conservative politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Eastbourne from 1910 to 1924.
Early years.
Gwynne was the third son and fourth child of nine children of James Eglinton Anderson Gwynne (1834-1915) of Gwynnes Limited and of Wootton Manor, Polegate, Sussex. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and then Pembroke College, Cambridge. He was called to the Bar at the Inner Temple in 1908.
Political career.
Gwynne was elected as MP for Eastbourne at the January 1910 general election, and held the seat until he stood down at the 1924 general election. He was Financial Secretary to the War Office from 15 March 1923 until 23 January 1924. On 1 October 1923 he was made a member of the Army Council. He was renowned for his opposition to the Irish Republican Army which he termed "the Murder Gang".
Death.
Gwynne had had a weak heart all his life due to contracting rheumatic fever as a youth, but died suddenly of kidney failure on 12 October 1924, aged 51. His brother Roland Gwynne was the last person to see him alive. His death certificate had the note 'No P.M.' suggesting the doctor, Lionel Handson, was uneasy about his death and called the coroner for his advice. Roland inherited Wootton Manor, but allowed Rupert's wife Stella and her daughters to remain there provided Stella did not remarry.
Family.
Gwynne married Stella Ridley, daughter of the first Viscount Ridley in 1905 and had four daughters. One, Elizabeth, became Elizabeth David, the cookery writer. Gwynne appointed as their guardians Roundell Palmer, 3rd Earl of Selborne and Douglas Hogg, 1st Viscount Hailsham.
Gwynne's two older brothers, Reginald and Neville, were both disinherited by their father. Gwynne therefore inherited Wootton Manor on his father's death in 1915 and with his wife commissioned their friend Detmar Blow to restore and extend the house. Other artistic friends included the painter Cedric Morris, who painted Wootton in the 1920s and the writer and plantsman William Robinson.
Gwynne's sister was the harpsichordist Violet Gordon-Woodhouse. His youngest brother, Roland Gwynne, later became Mayor of Eastbourne and was a close friend, and possible lover, of the society doctor and suspected serial killer John Bodkin Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="9671676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671676" title="Newtown FC">
Newtown FC

"Not to be confused with the Welsh football club Newtown A.F.C."
Newtown Football Club is a football club in County Clare, Republic of Ireland.
The club was founded in 1977 and entered the Clare Junior League. Its founder members Red Austin, Jim Rocks, Tom McDade (Senior) and Donal Magee (Senior), all originally hailed from Belfast. Jimmy is still involved in the club but all the founder members have sons and grandsons all heavily involved at present. The link with their origins is reflected in their crest which includes the red hand of Ulster surrounded by the 3 ships of Clare. The club currently have two junior teams, a youth team and five schoolboy’s teams and a girls team. All work at the club is voluntary and our existence depends on community support and on a small number of "behind the scenes" people.
Facilities.
Since the club’s foundation in 1977 they have played on Shannon Development’s property in Ballycasey with the bare essentials and without facilities to supply water and electricity. Having decided to take the decision to purchase their own land, the club committed to develop this area to the highest standard and now boast the best pitches in Clare if not the province. Their main objective was to develop good playing surfaces to facilitate the young in Shannon and to encourage good quality football throughout the season regardless of weather. Surfaces in Shannon must be developed from scratch as the area is mostly former bogland and below sea level and the club was aware that a six-figure sum would be required in order to develop the proper playing surfaces for pitches. They were the first club in Clare to obtain the use of three playing pitches with proper dressing room facilities. Having developed schoolboy soccer for the last 25 years they have recently added girls/women's teams as a further commitment to the town.
Newtown started playing on these pitches in September 1998. Not one penny was borrowed. The weekly club lottery paid out big jackpot prizes in the local area as well as contributing handsomely to the grounds development. The same familiar faces buy and sell tickets week in, week out. Without this local grass root support the enterprise would have been a non-starter. Local businesses also came on board to give a helping hand. Shannon Town Commissioners, Clare County Council and the National Lottery also helped with well-timed cash grants. Newtown had now come a long way. In 1982 club records show its profits for that year were a handsome £32.
Phase 2 is now commencing and the club is again starting from scratch. The next phase is to provide proper training facilities.
Competition.
Although a relatively new club the "A" team won its first premier league title in 1987 under manager Brendan Wall and that same season they defeated League of Ireland opponents Limerick City (1-0) under Billy Hamilton. Two years later they won the league and cup double and reached the quarter finals of the Munster Junior Cup where they were narrowly defeated after a replay. In 1992 Newtown made its mark at national level by reaching the last 16 in the Junior Football’s blue ribbon national cup, the F.A.I. Junior Cup (over 1000 teams originally entered). A year later incredibly Newtown went one step further and reached the last eight in the country – only to be defeated 1-0 by Buttevant AFC (Cork AUL) after a replay (3-3 in drawn game). Manager during this period was founder member and former player Jimmy Rocks. Numerous league and cup titles have been won at schoolboy and youths level as well as some great success in the SFAI national cup competitions.
Newtown can boast having supplied both of Clare's Junior/Amateur internationals in Paul Carr,who later starred for Limerick FC and Waterford in the LOI and David Wall, with the latter also playing for Limerick 37 FC.
Their latest success is their Women's team which, in its second year in existence,have won the Limerick Leagues 2nd Division and reached the semifinal of the WFAI Junior Cup
Present.
Recently Newtown Football Club have decided to Co-partner Park A.F.C in the Limerick League with Newtown Managers, some Players and other members of staff joining the facilities at Riverside Park.Latest news is that former Newtown player and junior international Davey Wall has taken over as first team manager cementing joining of both clubs in what should be a bright future for the club and the town.
Shannon Hibernians FC was formed as a result of Newtown FC and Park AFC joining forces. Currently Shannon Hibs First team play in the LDMC (LIMERICK) division 1A. Hibs as they are now known also have a B team, ladie's team, Youth team, 17's and school boy/girls teams ranging from under 5's up to under 16 years of age.
Shannon Hibernians were promoted to the Limerick junior Premier League finishing 2nd to Geraldines in the 2010-11 season

</doc>
<doc id="9671695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671695" title="Billabong Pipeline Masters">
Billabong Pipeline Masters

The Billabong Pipeline Masters is an event in surfing held annually at Banzai Pipeline in Oahu, Hawaii. It was established in 1970 and attracts the top 45 surfers from the Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) as well as 16 surfers who compete in walk on trials. The surfers compete for a share of US$425,000 prize money. The event is the final leg of the Triple Crown of Surfing and the final event on the ASP World Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9671700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671700" title="Cacería">
Cacería

Cacería (English language:Man Hunt) is a 2002 Argentine action thriller film directed and written by Ezio Massa and Jorge Bechara. Starring Luis Luque, Claribel Medina, Juan Palomino and Carlos Leyes.
Plot.
Running away from his criminal history, Daniel (Luis Luque) returns to his hometown of Redemption, a small town near Argentina. He reunites with his old flame Elisa (Claribel Medina) and childhood friend Miguel (Carlos Leyes), hoping to establish a new life for himself. However, his old gangster boss, Lucas (Juan Palomino), plans to hunt him down and force him to confront his past. Also starring Matias Sansone and Carlos Leyes.

</doc>
<doc id="9671706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671706" title="BLK Art Group">
BLK Art Group

The BLK Art Group was the name chosen in 1982 by a group of four influential conceptual artists, painters, sculptors and installation artists based in the United Kingdom. Keith Piper, Marlene Smith, Eddie Chambers and Donald Rodney were initially based in the Midlands. 
The group were all from the British African-Caribbean community and exhibited in a number of group exhibitions in both small and prestigious galleries throughout the country. Their work was noted for its boldly political stance, producing dynamic conceptual art that offered a series of inventive critiques on the state of inter-communal, class and gender relations in the UK. They were themselves influenced by the a variety of artistic currents including ideas associated with the USA's Black Arts Movement. Donald Rodney, who suffered from sickle cell anaemia (anemia), died aged 36 in 1998.
Institutional Impact.
In 1982–3 the BLK art group's exhibited at "The Pan-Afrikan Connection" which toured to Trent Polytechnic in Nottingham; King Street Gallery in Bristol; and the Africa Centre in London. In 1983-4 the touring exhibition "The BLK Art Group" was held at the Herbert Art Gallery in Coventry, Battersea Arts Centre and again the Africa Centre.
The group's critique of the institutional racism of Britain's art world was part of the impetus that led to The Other Story, a seminal survey of African and Asian artists at London's Hayward Gallery in 1989 as well as the founding of the Association of Black Photographers and the establishment of Iniva, the Institute of International Visual arts. Piper and Chambers themselves have both gone on to achieve veteran status as educators, writers and curators.
Critical Appraisal.
Eddie Chambers has argued that despite their undoubted creativity and social relevance, the group suffered from the general lack of serious critical attention given to black artists by the British Arts media Nevertheless, their enthusiasm and commitment to making art relevant to everyday life ensured that they were a strong influence on the later generation of black British artists that included YBAs like Chris Ofili and Steve McQueen both of whom went on to win the Turner Prize, whilst maintaining a clear political element to their work.

</doc>
<doc id="9671717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671717" title="Dale Hample">
Dale Hample

Dale Hample is an American argumentation and rhetorical scholar, associate Professor at the University of Maryland . He has published many peer-reviewed journal articles, book chapters, and written one book and edited another.
After receiving a PhD at the University of Illinois in 1975, he taught at Western Illinois University until 2007, when he took a teaching position at Maryland. Some of his major accomplishments include developing measures for the ways in which people edit arguments (cognitive editorial standards), discussing how people produce argumentative discourse (inventional capacity), and how they view arguments (argument frames and taking conflict personally).
He is currently the editor of "Argumentation and Advocacy",[http://www.americanforensics.org/AA/aa_info.html#Editors] and editor of the Issues Forum of "Communication Monographs", and is on the editorial boards for ten other journals in his subject.
Publications.
Journal articles.
Hample, D., Warner, B., & Norton, H. (2006). The effects of arguing expectations and predispositions on perceptions of argument quality and playfulness. "Argumentation and Advocacy", 43(1), 1-13.
Hample, D., Thompson-Hayes, M., Wallenfelsz, K., Wallenfelsz, P., & Knapp, C. (2005). "Face-to-face arguing is an emotional experience: Triangulating methodologies and early findings." "Argumentation and Advocacy", 42, 74-93.
Cortes, C., Larson, C., & Hample, D. (2005). Relations among message design logic, interpersonal construct differentiation, and sex for Mexican and U.S. nationals. Journal of Intercultural Communication Research, 34, 108-118.
Hample, D. (2000). Cognitive editing of arguments and reasons for requests: Evidence from think-aloud protocols. Argumentation and Advocacy, 37, 98-108.
Hample, D. (1999). The life space of personalized conflicts. Communication Yearbook, 22, 171-208.
Hample, D., Benoit, P. J., Houston, J., Purifoy, G., VanHyfte, V., & Wardell, C. (1999). Naive theories of argument: Avoiding interpersonal arguments or cutting them short. Argumentation and Advocacy, 35, 130-139.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J. M. (1998). On the etiology of the rebuff phenomenon: Why are persuasive messages less polite after rebuffs? Communication Studies, 49, 305-321.
Dallinger, J.M., & Hample, D. (1995). Personalizing and managing conflict. International Journal of Conflict Management, 6, 287-289.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J.M. (1995). A Lewinian perspective on taking conflict personally: Revision, refinement, and validation of the instrument. Communication Quarterly, 43, 297-319.
Dallinger, J. M., & Hample, D. (1994). The effects of gender on compliance gaining strategy endorsement and suppression. Communication Reports, 7, 43-49.
Hample, D. (1992). Writing mindlessly. Communication Monographs, 59, 315-323.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J.M. (1992). The use of multiple goals in cognitive editing of arguments. Argumentation and Advocacy, 28, 109-122.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J.M. (1991). Message design logic, goal structure, interpersonal construct differentiation, and situation. In D. W. Parson (Ed.), Argument in Controversy (pp. 188–192). Annandale, VA: Speech Communication Association.
Hample, D. (1990). Debate as a civic act. Applying Research to the Classroom, 8, 1-2.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J.M. (1990). Arguers as editors. Argumentation, 4, 153-169.
Dallinger, J.M., & Hample, D. (1988). Supervisor accessibility and job characteristics. Communication Research Reports, 5, 4-9.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J.M. (1987). Self-monitoring and the cognitive editing of arguments. Central States Speech Journal, 38, 152-165.
Hample, D., & Dallinger, J.M. (1987). Cognitive editing of argument strategies. Human Communication Research, 14, 123-144.
Hample, D. (1987). The role of the unconscious in nonverbal information processing. Semiotica, 67, 211-231.
Hample, D. (1986). Argumentation and the unconscious. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 23, 82-95.
Hample, D. (1986). Logic, conscious and unconscious. Western Journal of Speech Communication, 50, 24-40.
Hample, D. (1985). Refinements on the cognitive model of argument. Western Journal of Speech Communication, 49, 267-285.
Hample, D. (1985). Teaching the cognitive context of argument. Communication Education, 34, 196-204.
Hample, D. (1985). A third perspective on argument. Philosophy and Rhetoric, 18, 1-22.
Hample, D. (1984). On the use of self-reports. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 20, 140-153.
Hample, D. (1982). Dual coding, reasoning and fallacies. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 19, 59-78.
Hample, D. (1981). Forensics research in the 1980s. Forensic, 66, 20-25.
Thompson, W.N., Hample, D., Hunt, S., & Pruett, R. (1981). What Is CEDA Debate? Forensic, 66, 4-9.
Hample, D. (1981). The cognitive context of argument. Western Journal of Speech Communication, 45, 148-l58.
Hample, D. (1980). A cognitive view of argument. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 17, 151-158.
Hample, D. (1980). Purposes and effects of lying. Southern Speech Communication Journal, 46, 33-47.
Hample, D. (1980). Motives in law: An adaptation of legal realism. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 15, 156-168.
Blimling, G. S., & Hample, D. (1979). Structuring the peer environment in residence halls to increase academic performance in average-ability students. Journal of College Student Personnel, 20, 310-316.
Hample, D. (1979). Predicting belief and belief change using a cognitive theory of argument and evidence. Communication Monographs, 46, 142-146.
Hample, D. (1978). Are attitudes arguable? Journal of Value Inquiry, 12, 311-312.
Hample, D. (1978). Predicting immediate belief change and adherence to argument claims. Communication Monographs, 45, 219-228.
Hample, D., & Hample, J. (1978). Evidence credibility. Debate Issues, 12, 4-5.
Hample, D. (1977). Testing a model of value argument and evidence. Communication Monographs, 14, 106-120.
Hample, D. (1977). The Toulmin model and the syllogism. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 14, 1-9.
Wenzel, J.W., & Hample, D. (1975). Categories and dimensions of value propositions: Exploratory studies. Journal of the American Forensic Association, 11, 121-130.
Other publications.
He has also published over two dozen chapters in specialized books and encyclopedias, and over 50 conference presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="9671725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671725" title="Pendleton Ward">
Pendleton Ward

Pendleton "Pen" Ward (born July 8, 1982) is an American animator, screenwriter, producer and voice actor who works for Cartoon Network Studios and Frederator Studios. He created the Emmy-award winning series "Adventure Time" (2010) and the internet series "Bravest Warriors" (2012). Ward is a graduate of the CalArts Animation Program. He grew up in Texas and currently resides in Los Angeles.
Early life.
Ward became interested in animation at an early age, inspired by his mother, who is an artist and worked with animators. He started drawing flipbooks in first grade. He often worked with his best friend, Alec "the logdog" Coates, on short comic books.
Ward attended CalArts, where he became friends with J. G. Quintel. They later worked on "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack" together. In 2009 Quintel went on to create "Regular Show". Eric Homan, vice president of Frederator Studios, offered Ward a job at the studios after watching one of his films at the annual CalArts animation screenings.
Career.
In 2002–2003, Ward published a webcomic titled "Bueno the Bear". He later took down the comics because he thought they were "terrible". However, he retains the name "buenothebear" for his website and his handle on sites such as twitter. Ward later created a short for Frederator Studios titled "Barrista", starring Bueno the Bear.
Ward continued to work on short animations for Frederator's "Random! Cartoons", which aired on the Nicktoons Network. There he worked with several people who would later join him on the "Adventure Time" series, including composer Casey James Basichis, Adam Muto, and Niki Yang, many of whom had attended the California Institute of the Arts alongside Pen. His two shorts were "The Bravest Warriors" and the "Adventure Time" animated short. The "Adventure Time" short was made in 2006 and went on to become an internet phenomenon in 2007, with over a million views by November of that year. Ward initially pitched "Adventure Time" to Nickelodeon, but was rejected. It also took some time before Cartoon Network decided to pick it up.
In 2007, Ward was hired to work on the first season of Cartoon Network's "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack" as a writer and storyboard artist. "Flapjack" was a storyboard-driven show, allowing the storyboard artists to write all the dialogue and draw all the action based on an outline assigned to them. During his time on "Flapjack" Ward was paired up with Mike Roth (currently the supervising producer of "Regular Show") and later Alex Hirsch, who has since gone on to create the show "Gravity Falls" and develop "Fish Hooks" for Disney Channel. The experience inspired Pen to approach "Adventure Time" the same way once it was picked up as a series.
In 2012, Frederator Studios developed "Bravest Warriors" and turned it into a web series for the relaunch of Cartoon Hangover. Former "Adventure Time" lead designer Phil Rynda worked on the redesigns of the characters for the series. The series premiered during the fall of 2012 through Cartoon Hangover's YouTube channel alongside a comic book series of the same name by Boom! Studios.
Influences.
Ward has previously stated that his friends, many of whom he works alongside on "Adventure Time", are his biggest drawing and animating influences. In another interview, he explained that he was influenced by "The Simpsons".

</doc>
<doc id="9671735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671735" title="The Link (organization)">
The Link (organization)

Summary.
The Link is a community-based nonprofit organization, that provides in-home and in-community truancy intervention services; family support; community outreach and trainings; affordable, supportive housing; and after-school and summer youth groups. The Link is located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, serves Hennepin County and is expanding its services throughout the Twin Cities Metropolitan Area.
Mission.
The mission of The Link is to build a supportive community network that links youth and their families to their inner strength through life skills, education, advocacy, supportive housing, and a dynamic network of social services to transform lives.
History.
The Link was founded in 1991 by Jim Marshall and Oscar Reed, two former Minnesota Vikings football players, in collaboration with the late Leonard Lindquist [http://www.thelinkmn.org/Leonard_Biography.pdf]. The Link began with the vision of bringing opportunity and positive relationships to disempowered youth living in impoverished neighborhoods. This grassroots initiative has since blossomed into an experienced youth service organization serving the community through advocacy, housing, education, and intervention services. Over the last 17 years, The Link has touched the lives of nearly 15,000 youth and their family members through our asset-based service philosophy. Today, The Link continues to build positive relationships with youth that create sustainable positive changes.

</doc>
<doc id="9671745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671745" title="Leco language">
Leco language

Leco, also written as Leko, is a language isolate that, though long reported to be extinct, is spoken by 20–40 individuals in areas east of Lake Titicaca, Bolivia. The Leco ethnic population is about 80.

</doc>
<doc id="9671766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671766" title="Andy Nyman">
Andy Nyman

Andy Nyman (born 13 April 1966) is an English actor and magician.
Life and career.
Nyman was born in Leicester, Leicestershire. He first came to note with his performance as a hard-nosed director in "Musical!" and then as Keith Whitehead in the film of the Martin Amis novel, "Dead Babies". He has played lead roles in Jon Avnet's Emmy award winning film "Uprising" (NBC) as a Polish freedom fighter and in "Coney Island Baby" as a gay French gun dealer. In 2006, he played Gordon in "Severance", and in 2008 appeared as Patrick, a sleazy reality show producer in Charlie Brooker's E4 horror satire "Dead Set", and suffers the most violent death in the series, being decapitated and disembowelled.
Nyman had four films due for release over 2006–2007: London-based romantic comedy "Are You Ready for Love?"; a bio-pic of 1970s Dutch rock group Herman Brood, "Wild Romance"; and improvised gangster thriller "Played" where he stars opposite Vinnie Jones, Val Kilmer and Gabriel Byrne. The film was released by Lionsgate Entertainment in 2007. Nyman appeared as one of the leads in the latest Frank Oz film, "Death at a Funeral". He stars opposite Matthew Macfadyen, Ewen Bremner and Keeley Hawes. The film was released by MGM in 2007.
In 2002, he featured in one episode of "The League of Gentlemen", during its third series.
Nyman is also a magician and the co-creator and co-writer of the Derren Brown TV shows "Derren Brown – Mind Control" and "Trick of the Mind". He and Brown wrote "Russian Roulette", "", and "Messiah", as well as three series of "Trick of the Mind". He also co-wrote and co-directed four of Brown's stage shows, all of which have toured and played the West End. For "Something Wicked This Way Comes" they were awarded the 2006 Olivier Award for Best Entertainment. Their fourth show "Enigma" was also nominated for Olivier Award 2010.
Nyman won the award for best actor at the 2006 Cherbourg-Octeville Festival of Irish & British Film for his role as Colin Frampton in "Shut Up and Shoot Me". He was nominated for the Lew Grade Award at the 2007 BAFTA Awards for his work on "Derren Brown: The Heist". He shared the nomination with fellow collaborators Derren Brown, Simon Mills and Ben Caron.
In December 2008 he appeared in BBC Four's supernatural drama series "Crooked House".
In February 2010 he co-wrote (with Jeremy Dyson), directed and starred in the horror play "Ghost Stories".
In April 2011 he starred in a new British sitcom, "Campus".
Also in 2011, Nyman starred in a limited-release film, "The Glass Man", alongside James Cosmo and Neve Campbell, written and directed by Cristian Solimeno.
Since February 2013 he has voiced several roles in the British animated children's series, "Sarah & Duck".
Filmography.
Television.
Television work includes:
Film.
Film work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9671770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671770" title="Brynäs IF Fotboll">
Brynäs IF Fotboll

Brynäs IF is a Swedish football club located in Gävle.
Background.
Brynäs Idrottsförening was formed in 1912 and has played one season in the highest Swedish division, Allsvenskan (1974). The club won the Swedish Championship in 1925. Brynäs IF merged with Gefle IF and played under the name Gefle IF/Brynäs between the 1979 and 1981 seasons, but the merger was split up in 1982. Brynäs IF FK are affiliated to the Gestriklands Fotbollförbund.
Season to season.
In their early years Brynäs IF competed in the following divisions:
In the 1960s and 1970s Brynäs IF had their most successful period and competed in the following divisions:
In recent seasons Brynäs IF have competed in the following divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="9671794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671794" title="Washington State Bar Association">
Washington State Bar Association

The Washington State Bar Association (WSBA) is authorized by the Washington Supreme Court to license the state's 35,400 lawyers. The WSBA both regulates lawyers under the authority of the Court and serves its members as a professional association, without public funding. The WSBA's mission is to serve the public and the members of the Bar, ensure the integrity of the legal profession, and to champion justice.
History.
In the days of Washington Territory, lawyers who had cases set for argument before the State Supreme Court were required to be present at the beginning of the Court term in January. Sometimes they waited for weeks for their cases to be called.
On January 19, 1888, a group of these lawyers met in the Supreme Court chambers to form the "Washington Bar Association". This was a voluntary organization and did not include all lawyers admitted to practice; originally it consisted of 35 lawyers, at a cost of $5 a year. In 1890, the name changed to "Washington State Bar Association".
In 1930, as more lawyers were admitted to practice, it was proposed that the Bar Association have a paid executive secretary and a paid representative in Olympia when the Legislature was meeting, that it have an official publication, and that it be incorporated. George McCush of Bellingham headed an "Incorporation Committee" to draft a Bar Association Act proposal. The committee proposed that the Bar Association be an agency of the state, creating "a complete integrated (i.e., mandatory membership) Bar which is officially organized, self-governed and all inclusive." The annual license fee would be $5. In 1933, after much debate and some redrafting, the legislature enacted the State Bar Act (Ch. 2.48 RCW).
According to its Bylaws, WSBA will not take positions on issues concerning the politics or social positions of foreign nations; take positions on political or social issues which do not relate to or affect the practice of law or the administration of justice; or support or oppose, in an election, candidates for public office.
Current Structure.
Today, a 14-member Board of Governors (BOG), elected geographically, directs the WSBA. There is one governor for each of the 10 districts (except for the 7th District, which is divided into 7th-North and 7th-South), plus two at-large governors. The Board is elected solely by WSBA members.
Annually, the Board elect a president-elect and elects one of its members as treasurer. It employs an executive director to carry out the purposes and functions of the Bar; this executive director employs a staff of around 145.
Financing.
WSBA is funded by mandatory license fees imposed upon Washington lawyers by order of the Supreme Court. At the time of an American Bar Association 2007 Dues and Mandatory Fees Survey (available from ABA), of the 32 mandatory state bars in the country, Washington’s license fees rank near the middle among those states with comparable membership size (e.g., Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia). In 2012, license fees were arbitrarily reduced to $325 as a result of a member referendum. Based on WSBA bylaws, any member may propose a member referendum to overturn a Board decision, if he/she submits a specified number of signatures in support of his/her effort. After submitting the required number of signatures, a member referendum was put before the membership to reduce license fees to $325. It passed by a vote of 52% of those who voted, cutting the WSBA budget by 26%. A wave of staff layoffs ensued, as well as budget reductions and changes to programs and services.
Services to Lawyers.
WSBA implements the rules for admitting persons to the practice of law by means of biannual Bar Exams and annual relicensing. Its "Office of Disciplinary Counsel" investigates and prosecutes claims of lawyer misconduct, as specified in the Washington State Court Rules of Professional Conduct.
WSBA's Lawyer Services Department provides a variety of services:
WSBA's Advancement Department provides a broad array of educational opportunities for lawyers, primarily through its Continuing Legal Education seminars. New Lawyer Education is a library of free and low-cost accredited programs tailored to new lawyers. The Preadmission Education Program is a mandatory four-hour training course for new attorneys that must be taken prior to admission to the WSBA.
Services to Legal Professionals.
The Washington Supreme Court adopted the Limited License Legal Technician (LLLT) Rule, effective Sept. 1, 2012. This rule authorizes non-attorneys who meet certain educational requirements to advise clients on specific areas of law, which have yet to be determined. The Limited License Legal Technician Board was created at the order of the Washington Supreme Court to administer the program.
The LLLT Board began its work in January 2013. As one of its first actions, the Board recommended family law as the first practice area in which to license LLLTs, which the Supreme Court unanimously approved in March 2013. The work of the LLLT Board is expected to take at least one year before it will be able to accept applications and begin licensing of LLLTs. The first courses to be offered toward licensure are slated to begin through the University of Washington School of Law in January 2014.
Sections.
WSBA hosts 27 "Sections", which are voluntary associations of attorneys interested in a common topic, such as Animal Law, Corporate Law, Criminal Law, Family Law and Human Rights Law. These organizations provide educational and networking opportunities.
New lawyers (admitted to practice for less than five years or under age 36) are the special province of the Washington Young Lawyers Committee (WYLC). The WYLC has three focus areas: Member Outreach & Leadership, Transition to Practice, and Pro Bono and Public Service.
Services to the Public.
WSBA promotes justice through a variety of projects:
Washington State Bar Foundation.
The Washington State Bar Foundation is a 501(c)(3) public charity dedicated to fundraising on behalf of the WSBA. The Bar Foundation ensures WSBA has the resources to lead on issues of justice, public service, and diversity. It helps to support programs such as the Moderate Means Program.
Print/Online Communications.
WSBA communicates and provides information in a number of ways:

</doc>
<doc id="9671819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671819" title="Ludger Lohmann">
Ludger Lohmann

Ludger Lohmann (born 1954 in Herne) is a highly acknowledged organist, winner of several international organ competitions, namely the ARD International Music Competition (Association of German Broadcasting Corporations) in Munich 1979 and Grand Prix de Chartres in 1982. He performed in concert tours throughout Europe, Northern and Southern America, Japan or Korea.
Since 1983 he is Professor of Organ at Staatliche Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst and organist at St. Eberhard Catholic Cathedral, Stuttgart.
Since 1989 he is a guest professor at Hartt School of Music, University of Hartford, Conn., USA senior researcher in the Göteborg Organ Art Center at the University of Göteborg, Sweden. He is also jury member of many international competitions and teacher in international master classes.

</doc>
<doc id="9671826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671826" title="Marvel Illustrated">
Marvel Illustrated

Marvel Illustrated is a Marvel Comics publishing imprint specializing in comic book adaptations of classic literature. Each novel's story is told in the form of a limited series, the issues of which are later collected as a trade paperback. Writer Roy Thomas has adapted many of the titles; Marvel Illustrated is also known for its five adaptations of books from the Land of Oz series, all done by Eric Shanower and Skottie Young; and its three adaptations of Jane Austen novels by writer Nancy Butler.
History.
Marvel Illustrated was started in 2007, the first attempt by the company to adapt classic literature since the short-lived 1970s series "Marvel Classics Comics". Their first title was a 64-page one-shot adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book", by Mary Jo Duffy, Gil Kane, and P. Craig Russell, which collected material originally published in 1983 in "Marvel Fanfare". Other titles launched in 2007 included "The Last of the Mohicans", "The Man in the Iron Mask", and "Treasure Island", all of which were adapted by Roy Thomas.
2008 saw publications of "The Iliad", "Moby-Dick", "The Picture of Dorian Gray", and "The Three Musketeers", all adapted by Thomas.
In 2009 Marvel Illustrated published "Kidnapped" and Thomas' telling of the Trojan War, as well as the first of Nancy Butler's adaptations of Jane Austen, "Pride and Prejudice". That was the year they also released Shanower & Young's adaptation of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", which has been followed by "The Marvelous Land of Oz" (2010), "Ozma of Oz" (2011), "Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz" (2011–2012), and "The Road to Oz" (2012–2013).
In 2010, the imprint published "Dracula", adapted by Thomas and Dick Giordano, which collected material originally published in the 1970s and mid-2000s. They also published Butler's adaptation of "Sense and Sensibility", illustrated by Sonny Liew.
In 2011, they published Butler and Janet K. Lee's adaptation of "Emma"; since then the imprint has only released Oz adaptations.

</doc>
<doc id="9671859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671859" title="Top Rank (disambiguation)">
Top Rank (disambiguation)

Top Rank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9671882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671882" title="Felling">
Felling

Felling is the process of downing individual trees, an element of the task of logging. The person cutting the trees is a "feller".
Methods.
Hand felling.
In hand felling, an axe, saw, or chainsaw is used to "fell" a tree, followed up by limbing, bucking in traditional applications. In the modern commercial logging industry, felling is typically followed by limbing and skidding.
Feller buncher.
A feller-buncher is a motorized vehicle with an attachment which rapidly cuts and gathers several trees in the process of felling them. 
In cut-to-length logging a harvester performs the tasks of a feller-buncher additionally doing the delimbing and bucking of the trees as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9671900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671900" title="Reef Hawaiian Pro">
Reef Hawaiian Pro

The Reef Hawaiian Pro is a surfing event held annually on the North Shore, Oahu, Hawaii. It is currently the first leg of the Triple Crown of Surfing. Surfers compete for a share of $135,000 (men) or $35,000 (women) prize money. Since it carries a 6-star rating, the event is critical for those who want to qualify for the ASP World Tour. 

</doc>
<doc id="9671921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671921" title="Robert E. Myers (businessman)">
Robert E. Myers (businessman)

Robert E. Myers ("Bob") (born December 11, 1946 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a partner of the McCarthy Capital Corporation, a private equity firm based in Omaha, NE. Mr. Myers is responsible for evaluating acquisition opportunities, structuring and financing deals, and consummating transactions. Mr. Myers also assists with existing portfolio management. In addition Mr. Myers spent 17 years with First Data. Mr. Myers is a director of Guild Mortgage and BlueLine Media 

</doc>
<doc id="9671924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671924" title="Ball hockey">
Ball hockey

Ball hockey is a team sport and a variation of the sport of ice hockey and a specific variation of the game of street hockey. This article will discuss the specifics related to the official game of ball hockey that is played in tournaments throughout North America, Europe, and Asia. For a description of the game which describes the more recreational style of play, refer to the Street Hockey article.
Ball Hockey is patterned after and closely related to ice hockey, except the game is played on foot on a non-ice surface, player equipment is different, and a ball is used instead of a hockey puck. The object of the game is to score more goals than the opposing team by shooting the ball into the opposing team's net.
Gameplay.
Teams consist of 5 runners and 1 goaltender. The 5 runners are broken down into positions of 3 forwards and two defenseman, right and left. The forwards are further described by position name: Left Wing, Right Wing, and Center. These positions are the same as in ice hockey. Tournament Ball Hockey rules are numerous and too long to list in this article. A list of the official ball hockey tournament rules of the I.S.B.H.F. can be found here For general information sake, Ball Hockey rules typically stipulate the following basics, meaning if you are playing under these rules, then you are playing Ball Hockey:
Equipment.
The ball used is a specially designed ball for ball hockey and street hockey. The International Street and Ball Hockey Federation, the world wide governing body of official street hockey tournaments and leagues, officially recognizes two types of ball for play: a hard (Pro) version for adult warm climate play and a soft version for non-summer play and younger youth age groups. At the highest levels of ball hockey, teams use a hard, orange, small, round, and smooth orange/reddish ball 3 inches in diameter. This allows for players to make the ball curve by over/under exaggerating a windup and follow through on their shots. Several ball manufacturers now market the balls with the temperature range the ball was designed for on the packaging itself. Although there is no certified industry standard for the balls since no street hockey standards organization exists, all hockey ball manufacturers sell their balls according to the following temperature range: red/orange = hot/warm above 60 degrees (15 C), pink = cool - between 40-60 degrees (4.5-15 C)yellow = cold - below 40 degrees (4.5 C)
In most non-international tournaments, the following equipment requirements are instituted for the runners:
NOTE: Specific helmets, shin guards, and gloves for the sport of ball hockey have been developed and are manufactured and sold to ball hockey players, but it is not mandatory for players to wear these for all tournaments.
The following equipment requirements are instituted for goaltenders:
The flooring used for ball hockey tournaments is typically a specific type of a game court, often referred to as a "sport court". Sport courts very simply are plastic modular tiles, typically 1 square foot, that snap together for quick installation and removal. Sport court, is the tiling of choice in Montreal at the famous arena Le Rinque. The tiles come in a variety of colors and are manufactured by several different companies. The tiles often come prefabricated with lines on them which make up the markings required for tournament play, such as center and blue lines, face off circles, and goal creases.
For official international tournaments, the I.S.B.H.F. rules apply, and players must wear protective equipment as stipulated in their rule book.
Governing Bodies.
International.
The official world wide governing body of the sport is the International Street and Ball Hockey Federation (ISBHF), which operates out of the Czech Republic and Canada. The federation consists of 39 countries and recognizes hundreds of thousands of players playing in organized leagues throughout the world.
Canada.
The Canadian Ball Hockey Association is the official governing body of ball hockey in Canada.
United States.
The governing body for ball hockey is the American Street Hockey Institute.
Europe and Asia.
Several European and Asian countries have their own governing bodies where the sport has enough players to have a national following and presence. A listing can be found at the ISBHF website under Members.
History.
The first documented instance of a sport similar to ball hockey, in which a stick is used to propel a ball into a net for points, was an Irish game called hurling from the second millennium BC. In North America, Natives were first observed playing a variant of the game in 1572. In the 1960s Canada became the first nation to play the sport in organized leagues, followed by the United States the next decade, then countries in Europe in the 1980s and 90s.
Tournaments.
International.
The International Street and Ball Hockey Federation holds several international tournaments with most being broken down by age groups. These tournaments are typically bi-annual, such as the Men's and Women's 20 and over, the Men's and Women's Under 20, and the Men's and Women's Under 18. There is also a Men's Masters Tournament for players aged 40 and over.
North America.
There are dozens of tournaments held throughout North America, and a list of tournaments can be found by searching several social media sites, league websites, and tournament websites. For U.S. tournaments, the best way to locate a tournament near your location is to contact A.S.H.I. via their website. For Canadian tournaments, the best way to locate a tournament near your location is to contact the Canadian Ball Hockey Association. Most tournaments also have a presence on social media outlets, and some also have their own websites. Connecting with these tournament organizers will often provide you with a means to learn about these and other tournaments.
Europe and Asia.
Most tournaments in Europe and Asia use social media outlets, and some also have their own websites. Connecting with these tournament organizers will often provide you with a means to learn about these and other tournaments.
Recreational levels.
Refer to the Street Hockey article for a more thorough description of recreational play.

</doc>
<doc id="9671927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671927" title="Mark Jury">
Mark Jury

Mark Jury is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Ash Newman. Mark debuted on-screen in 2005 and remained up until his departure the following year.
Casting.
In 2005, it was announced that former Family Affairs actor and youngest winner of the Best Actor Award at the New York Independent Film Festival, Ash Newman had been cast as Mark. The character was given a backstory as the old boyfriend of fellow character Jessica Harris (Jennifer Biddall).
Storylines.
Mark arrives in the village to see his ex-girlfriend Jessica, who did not know he was visiting. Mark attempts to rebuild their relationship. He decides to switch courses and transer from his old university to study at Hollyoaks Community College. Mark is glad when Jessica agrees to resume their relationship. However, he discovers that Gilly Roach (Anthony Quinlan) also likes Jessica. Mark is shocked when Jessica reveals that she has been going out with them both at the same time.
Mark begins feuding with Gilly for Jessica's affections, however she grows tired of their arguing and refuses to go out with either of them. Mark cannot cope with the rejection and contemplates quitting university to escape Jessica. When Olivia Johnson (Rochelle Gadd) discovers his plans, she talks him out of it. Following her advice he transfers to another university and leaves Jessica behind.

</doc>
<doc id="9671933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671933" title="Hibbett Sports">
Hibbett Sports

Hibbett Sports, Inc. is a publicly traded holding company for Hibbett Sporting Goods, a full line sporting goods retailer. Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, the company has over 832 locations in approximately 28 states.
Hibbett Sports, Inc. operates sporting goods stores in small to mid-sized markets, in the Southeast, Southwest and lower Midwest regions of the United States. States with the most stores are Alabama, Georgia and Texas. Its stores offer a range of athletic equipment, footwear and apparel. The Company’s stores concepts include Hibbett Sports, Sports Additions, Sports & Co. and Hibbett Team Sales, Inc. (Team Sales). Team Sales is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
In May 2012, Hibbett Sports reported total assets of $335.83 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9671948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9671948" title="Hampstead Theatre">
Hampstead Theatre

Hampstead Theatre is a theatre in the vicinity of Swiss Cottage and Belsize Park, in the London Borough of Camden. It specialises in commissioning and producing new writing, supporting and developing the work of new writers. In 2009 it celebrated its 50-year anniversary.
The original theatre (The Hampstead Theatre Club) was created in Moreland Hall in 1959. James Roose-Evans was the first Artistic Director, and the 1959–1960 season included "The Dumb Waiter" and "The Room" by Harold Pinter, Eugène Ionesco's "Jacques" and "The Sport of My Mad Mother" by Ann Jellicoe. In 1962 the company moved to a portable cabin in Swiss Cottage where it remained for nearly 40 years, before, in 2003, the new purpose-built Hampstead Theatre opened in Swiss Cottage. The main auditorium now seats between 150 and 325 people. The studio theatre, the Michael Frayn Space, seats up to 80 people and hosts Heat&Light, Hampstead Theatre's Young Company for ages 10–25. Heat&Light produces 12 productions each year, including, previously, new plays by Bola Agbaje, Mike Bartlett, Joel Horwood, Jane Bodie, Ed Hime, Nick Grosso and John Donnelly.
As part of its commitment to developing new writers and new writing, the theatre nurtures and commissions playwrights, and also hosts regular Start Nights, where extracts of new plays are performed to an audience who give their constructive feedback on what they have seen.
Playwrights.
Playwrights who have had their early work produced at the theatre include:

</doc>
<doc id="9672012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672012" title="Nova (magazine)">
Nova (magazine)

NOVA is a monthly feminine magazine published by Abril and part of the international "Cosmopolitan" group. 
It was started in Brazil in September 1973. In agreement with publisher Abril, the magazine has a monthly circulation of approximately 400,000 copies. The content editorial of all of the editions is composed of the following themes: love/sex, life/work, famous people, beauty/health and fashion/style. 
The reader profile of "NOVA" is a young woman, that she works out and between 18 and 49 years, of the classes A, B and C. 

</doc>
<doc id="9672017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672017" title="Glenville (Greenwich)">
Glenville (Greenwich)

Glenville is a neighborhood and census-designated place in the town of Greenwich in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 2,327. It is located in the western part of Greenwich at the falls of the Byram River, which provided waterpower when this was a mill village. The area is home to Glenville Elementary school, Western Civic Center and a volunteer fire station, the Glenville Fire Department.
The town of Greenwich is one political and taxing body, but consists of several distinct sections or neighborhoods, such as Banksville, Byram, Cos Cob, Glenville, Mianus, Old Greenwich, Riverside and Greenwich (sometimes referred to as central, or downtown, Greenwich). Of these neighborhoods, three (Cos Cob, Old Greenwich, and Riverside) have separate postal names and ZIP codes.
Historic district.
The original settlement of Glenville, which was formerly known as "Sherwood's Bridge", was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 as the Glenville Historic District. The district covers and is the "most comprehensive example of a New England mill village within the Town of Greenwich". It "is also historically significant as one of the town's major staging areas of immigrants, predominantly Irish in the 19th century and Polish in the 20th century" and remains "the primary settlement of Poles in the town". Further, "district is architecturally significant because it contains two elaborate examples of mill construction, designed in the Romanesque Revival and a transitional Stick-style/Queen Anne; an excellent example of a Georgian Revival school; and notable examples of domestic and commercial architecture, including a Queen Anne mansion and an Italianate store building."

</doc>
<doc id="9672025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672025" title="Beat detection">
Beat detection

In signal analysis, beat detection is using computer software or computer hardware to detect the beat of a musical score. There are many methods available and beat detection is always a tradeoff between accuracy and speed. Beat detectors are common in music visualization software such as some media player plugins. The algorithms used may utilize simple statistical models based on sound energy or may involve sophisticated comb filter networks or other means. They may be fast enough to run in real time or may be so slow as to only be able to analyze short sections of songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9672035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672035" title="Pirita">
Pirita

Pirita is one of the eight administrative districts () of Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.
Pirita occupies a relatively big area, but compared to other districts of Tallinn its population of 16,636 (as of1 Jan 2012) is relatively small. It mostly consists of private houses, instead of the large blocks of flats typical of some other districts of Tallinn, such as Lasnamäe and Mustamäe. Large parts of the district consist of newly built, modern buildings and houses. Pirita beach is located in Pirita. 
Pirita is one of the most prestigious districts of Tallinn, partly thanks to natural benefits such as its beach and yachting harbour. Pirita beach is the largest in Tallinn, and in the summer can attract up to 30,000 visitors a day.
Population.
Pirita has a population of 17,019 (as of 1 January 2013).
Subdistricts.
Pirita is divided into 9 subdistricts (): Iru, Kloostrimetsa, Kose, Laiaküla, Lepiku, Maarjamäe, Merivälja, Mähe and Pirita.

</doc>
<doc id="9672040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672040" title="Wolfgang Abel">
Wolfgang Abel

Wolfgang Abel (13 May 1905 – 1 November 1997) was an Austrian anthropologist and one of Nazi Germany's racial biologists. He was the son of the Austrian paleontologist Othenio Abel.
From 1931 Wolfgang Abel was engaged at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Anthropology, Human Heredity, and Eugenics. In 1933 he became a member of the NSDAP. He was involved in compulsory sterilization of children, who resulted from relationships between German women and dark-skinned French soldiers. In 1934 he wrote an article, which was published in the German newspaper ""Neues Volk"", with the title ""Bastarde am Rhein"" (Rhineland Bastards). In 1935 he joined the SS. In 1942 Abel was successor to Eugen Fischer for the professorship of racial biology at the University of Berlin.
Wolfgang Abel delivered in 1938 a speech at the "Congres International des Sciences Anthropologiques et Ethnologiques, Deuxieme Session, Copenhague 1938. The topic was: Die Rasse der rumänischen Zigeuner. Meaning, On the Race of the Rumanian Gypsies.
In the same year Abel was in addition to his work at the KWI lecturer in anthropology, as well as Deputy Head of the Department of racial hygiene of the German High School for Politics .After joining the SS in 1935, he worked as an expert for the race and settlement main office (RuSHA) of the SS and as Chief Appraiser for the Imperial Family Office. At the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute, Wolfgang Abel rose in 1940 to the head of Department of Ethnography. In July 1941, he was appointed extraordinary Professor. Previously already Assistant of Eugenics to Eugen Fischer, he was from 1943 to 1945 his successor to the Chair of professorship in the University of Berlin. At the same time, he worked at this time for the high command of the German Army (OKH). In the framework of the General Plan East, Abel worked out a plan for a "progressive elimination" of the "Russian race' with which he wanted all "Russian Nordic types "Germanized" and the rest deported to Siberia, in May 1942.
In addition to his teaching Wolfgang Abel assumed the management of the Institute Awards of the German High School for Politics in 1943. In 1945, Abel was dismissed from the University of Berlin. From 1945 to 1947 he was interned. He then lived as a portrait painter in Austria. (Trans from German)
After World War II, he lived in Austria until his death in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9672057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672057" title="Baron Ironblood">
Baron Ironblood

Baron Ironblood is a fictional character from Action Force, the British equivalent to the G. I. Joe Franchise. He appeared in the "Battle Action Force" comic books and annuals of the 1980s and was cast as an action figure by toy-makers Palitoy and distributed around Europe.
In West Germany, he was known as Baron Eisenblut.
Character.
Baron Ironblood is the leader of the Red Shadows, sworn enemies of Action Force. According to "Battle Action Force" his real name and birthplace are unknown (though a detailed comic book back-story, which featured in the 1985 "Battle Action Force" annual, places him of possible Swiss descent).
It provisionally identifies him as 'Marcus Kassells', 
the son of a Swiss diplomat who 
was raised and educated in Britain, attending Eton college. After compulsory national 
service in the British Army's Parachute Regiment (marred by an unproven allegation of 
the murder of a fellow officer who fell from the escape hatch of a plane after an argument)
Kassells studied nuclear physics at Trinity College Cambridge. However rather than pursuing
a scientific career Kassells joined the US Army and led his own unit during the Korean War
nicknamed 'The Baron's Brigade', specialising in behind-the-lines revenge operations. Accused
of the massacre of six peasants Kassells subsequently disappeared. Afterwards rumours
began to circulate of an ex-British Army officer using the pseudonym 
'The Baron' fighting as a mercenary in various African and South American conflicts, eventually
forming his own private army. Towards the end of the Vietnam War numerous rockets which fell
on American positions bore the inscription 'Sanguineo Ferris', the ancient motto of the Kassells
family, literally translated as 'Our blood is of iron'.
He is described as a man of scholarly tastes with a passion for chess, wine and horticulture but prone to violent outbursts of anger. 
In addition, Ironblood's "datafile" (as it appeared in "Battle Action Force") states that his "primary military speciality" is "organisational military strategy" and that his "secondary military speciality" is that he is a "born leader".
Ironblood was said to be...
"Twisted criminal brain dreams of world dominance. Noted for hypnotic control over men, his madness leads to wild fury in defeat, often taken out on his own troops."
He is also described as a:
"Genius of Evil. Ironblood's sworn intent is to destroy all organised government in Europe."
Ironblood was said to be the culprit of several armed revolutions in Latin America and was previously a South American-based warlord. In addition, he uses hypnotic control to indoctrinate the Red Shadow soldiers.
Graphic representation.
Both as an action figure and comic book character (first drawn by artist Jim Watson in a strip written by Gerry Day) Baron Ironblood appears dressed in all white suit (jacket and trousers) with a red 'V' design on the torso, together with a skull and crossbones decoration, the insignia of the Red Shadows. He also wears long black boots, reminiscent of German military uniforms of World War II. Various editions of the figure were produced with either black or white gloves.
Ironblood wears a Ned Kelly-style iron helmet, with a small slot opening for vision. As an action figure this helmet is removable, revealing a Caucasian male with white hair and a dark goatee beard. This representation is also clear in his early appearances in the "Battle Action Force" comics and in the action figure.
He also comes armed with an Uzi.
Transition to Cobra Commander.
In 1985, Hasbro began moves to market GI Joe in the UK, under the Action Force name. This would affect the comic version of Battle Action Force, as the writers were to get rid of the Red Shadows and Baron Ironblood and replace them with Cobra and Cobra Commander.
To preserve continuity within the comic, the decision was made to transform Baron Ironblood in to the Action Force version of Cobra Commander.
The transition came as Baron Ironblood grew tired of his group's failures and decided to destroy the Red Shadows, by secretly informing Action Force of the group's bases. Going into hiding, Ironblood relocated to Southeast Asia, where he had plastic surgery on his face, constructed a new mask and costumed identity (that of Cobra Commander), and underwent extensive treatment to give him immunity towards all forms of snake venom (a process known as mithridatism). He then began the process of recruiting a new inner circle and organisation, known as Cobra.
Unfortunately for Ironblood, his illicit fortune to finance this new army is stolen by former Red Shadow member, Red Jackal, who he is forced to rebuild as a cyborg (and rechristened as "Destro"). Furthermore, both surviving members of the Red Shadows and the retooled Action Force repeatedly foil his plans.
In the final Battle Action Force storyline, after an attempt to locate the headquarters of the Action Force team fails and leads to a crushing defeat of his forces, Ironblood/Cobra Commander goes insane and collapses into a near catatonic state.
Toys.
The original Baron Ironblood figure, released in 1983, featured white gloves and an Uzi while the second variant of the figure had black gloves. A third variant also had black gloves but had a Palitoy Star Wars Han Solo blaster.
In March 2012, at the 'Roll Out Roll Call' convention, the Action Force fan-site 'Blood for the Baron' released a convention exclusive action figure of Baron Ironblood to commemorate the 30th anniversary of Action Force and the 9th anniversary of the website.

</doc>
<doc id="9672072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672072" title="Mobile campaign">
Mobile campaign

A mobile campaign is a campaign, usually marketing, advertising, or public relations-related, through which organizations contact their audience through SMS (text messaging). This form of campaigning allows organizations to reach out and establish relationships with an audience in a more individualized, intimate way. The foundational function of mobile campaigns is regularly referred to as mobile marketing. A campaign’s goal can have varied consumer consumption objectives including flashing (showing an image), informing (informational text / product info) or engaging (response or click required). Mobile campaigns have developed from the periphery of advertising to being an integral part of an effective marketing strategy. Online advertising is the second largest advertising spend at $113 billion, next to television’s $196.5 billion (2013 figures). Near the introduction of mobile campaigns, they were primarily created to boost the impact of primary campaigns. A good example of one of the first mobile campaigns is the viewer voting system employed in American Idol. Using the American Idol example, the primary campaign was television, and the engagement was mobile, “watch this show, and text to vote”. In 2012, there were over 131 million votes in a single night, setting the world mobile voting record. With over 90% of Americans having cell phones, and there being over 6.8 billion cell phones in circulation globally versus 2.4 billion with internet access, mobile campaigns are evolving to be the way of the future in advertising and consumer engagement.
As advertisers enhance existing strategies to reach potential customers, technological advances create new ways for consumers and corporations to interact. New technologies are being developed to maximize the effectiveness of one’s mobile device as a personal marketing platform including the facilitation of the GPS enabled smart-phone to provide location-based services and near by coupons. Elements of mobile campaigns can be distributed by advertisements in apps, text messages or emails and can include a combination of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9672081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672081" title="Mal Paharia language">
Mal Paharia language

Mal Paharia is a language spoken by 51,000 of 110,000 ethnic Mal Paharia in the states of Jharkhand and West Bengal in India, and possibly in Bangladesh. It has been variously regarded as a Bengali–Assamese language, a dialect of Malto, and a mixed Dravidian–Indo-Aryan language. There is a positive attitude amongst speakers of the language, and the language health is considered vigorous. Nonetheless, some speakers have shifted to Bengali.

</doc>
<doc id="9672093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672093" title="New York State School Music Association">
New York State School Music Association

The New York State School Music Association (NYSSMA) is the New York of . NYSSMA is a professional organization that evaluates student musicians in New York state from elementary school to high school. Each spring, thousands of students register through their school music programs to attend NYSSMA Evaluation Festivals where they are adjudicated. These festivals take place at local middle and high schools within the fifteen NYSSMA zones, each of which covers an area in New York State. Usually, county high schools take turns to host the festival every few years. 
At each festival, students perform scales, a solo or ensemble piece of their choice from the designated NYSSMA repertoire, and a sight reading piece. The judges score and comment on the students' performances according to defined guidelines set by NYSSMA. The grade sheets are then certified and sent to the music departments at the individual schools to be distributed to the students. 
Instruments evaluated include voice, piano, strings, woodwinds/brasses, and percussion. NYSSMA scores and evaluators' comments are often used by music teachers as diagnostics and progress monitoring. They also determine selection into orchestra, band, or choral groups depending on their instrument. Students who play saxophones, brasses or percussion or sing can choose to be evaluated in NYSSMA Jazz Festival where they have an opportunity to be selected into various jazz ensembles. Performance groups include All-County, Area All-State (part of New York State), and Conference All-State (entire New York State).
Judgment Criteria.
Participants in all categories prepare and perform a solo selected from the NYSSMA Manual, perform scales, and demonstrate sight reading from original music provided by NYSSMA at the audition. Each NYSSMA solo is preassigned a difficulty level from I (easiest) to VI (most difficult). Instrumental soloists also must play scales, the number of which are determined by difficulty level of the solo. Overall each participant is judged on seven categories, tone, intonation, technique, accuracy, interpretation, scales, and sight reading. Level I-IV solos are judged on a 28 point scale and level V-VI solos are judged on a 100 point scale. Participants may also elect to receive a "festival" rating in which written comments are given but no score. 
Vocalists (Levels I - IV) are judged on seven categories: 
Tone (Quality, Consistency, Projection) 
Intonation 
Technique (Breath Control, Flexibility, Posture, Appropriate Range) 
Diction (Vowels, Consonants, Naturalness) 
Accuracy (Accuracy of Notes, Accuracy of Rhythms, Steadiness of Rhythms, Pulse)
Interpretation (Dynamics, Style, Tempo, Phrasing, Expression, Artistry, Stage Presence) 
Sight reading (Accuracy of Dynamics, Accuracy of Notes, Accuracy of Rhythm, Correct tempo)
Woodwind/brass players are judged similarly, except "articulation" replaces "diction". String players are evaluated on their bowing techniques.
Levels and Grading System.
There are a total of six levels, each with its own level of progressively more challenging repertoire. Levels I through IV are scored on a scale of 0 to 28, while levels V and VI are scored from 0 to 100. Each of the judging categories are alloted a set points out of the total. For example, on Level V and VI String Solos, "Tone" is worth 20 points, "Intonation" 10, "Technique" 20, "Accuracy" 15, "Interpretation" 20, "Scales" 5, and "Sight reading" 10. 
NYSSMA provides sight reading passages of all six levels from a proprietary manual. Scale requirement depends on level as well. Levels I and II require knowledge of three scales, III and IV require seven, and V and VI require all major scales. In levels I-IV, the student can choose the scales they have prepared on the evaluation sheet. During the audition, the judge would choose three scales at random among the expected set for the student to perform.
Some students wish to forgo the numerical rating entirely in favor of a completely comment-based evaluation. Such students indicate this before the audition by checking the "Festival" box on the evaluation sheet. They need not perform all the required components of the audition if they wish, but the judge does not score the performance regardless.

</doc>
<doc id="9672103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672103" title="Guamal">
Guamal

Guamal is a town and municipality of the Colombian Department of Magdalena.
Politics.
El Municipio de Guamal se localiza al sur del Departamento del Magdalena dista de Santa Marta a 330 km. El territorio en general es plano y de altas temperatura, bañado al occidente por el brazo de mompós del rio Magdalena. Las tierras están comprendidas en el piso térmico cálido.
Los habitantes de Guamal son fervientes católicos y observaban los preceptos religiosos con gran respeto y devoción su principal devoción la tenián por la santisima Virgen del Carmen, quien es la patrona del pueblo.
Pueblo de gente amable, cordial y pujante. de hermosos paisajes y diversidad de sitios turisticos naturales.
Nombre del municipio: GUAMAL
NIT: 890780047-4
Código Dane: 47318
Gentilicio: Guamalero ó Guamalense
Otros nombres que ha recibido el municipio: Barranca Nueva del Carme, Nuestra Señora del Carmen de Barrancas
Administrative divisions.
The Municipality of Guanal is formed by 22 corregimientos and 31 veredas: 

</doc>
<doc id="9672118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672118" title="Robert F. Foley">
Robert F. Foley

Robert Franklin Foley (born May 30, 1941) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general who served in the Vietnam War. Born in Newton, Massachusetts, he received the Medal of Honor for leading his unit, Company A, 2d Battalion, 27th Infantry, 25th Infantry Division, in an assault on a strong enemy position on November 5, 1966. He was awarded the Medal of Honor along with Sergeant John F. Baker, Jr., who earned his own medal in the same battle.
Biography.
Foley is a 1963 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and was commissioned an infantry officer. He has held numerous command and staff positions throughout 37 years of active service. He has a Master of Business Administration from Fairleigh Dickinson University.
Foley's command positions include company commander with the 25th Infantry Division in Vietnam and battalion and brigade command with the 3rd Infantry Division in Germany. He served as chief of staff for the 7th Infantry Division (Light), Fort Ord, California; executive officer to the assistant secretary of the army for manpower and reserve affairs; assistant division commander, 2nd Infantry Division, commandant of cadets, United States Military Academy, West Point, New York; deputy commanding general, Second US Army, Fort Gillem, GA; commanding general, US Army Military District of Washington; and commanding general, Fifth US Army, Fort Sam Houston, Texas.
Foley's awards for peacetime and combat include the Medal of Honor, two Distinguished Service Medals, the Defense Superior Service Medal, six Legions of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, five Meritorious Service Medals and the Combat Infantryman's Badge. He was also awarded the Parachutist Badge and the Ranger Tab.
After his retirement, he served as president of Marion Military Institute (MMI) in Marion, Alabama. until his resignation at the end of academic year 2003-2004. During his tenure at MMI, the school saw tremendous growth and recognition in Alabama, and across the United States. On October 1, 2005 General Foley became the eighth director of Army Emergency Relief.
Medal of Honor citation.
Captain Foley's Medal of Honor citation reads:

</doc>
<doc id="9672173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672173" title="American School of Tegucigalpa">
American School of Tegucigalpa

The American School of Tegucigalpa (or AST) is a private, coeducational international school located in the neighborhood of Lomas de Guijarro, in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. Students who attend this school come from high status families in Honduras or diplomats.
AST is accredited by the Honduran Ministry of Education, the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), and the International Baccalaureate Organization. The Honduran Ministry of Education grants the national degree of Bachillerato to
students who comply with additional credits and 160 hours of community service. Most graduates continue their studies in highly regarded universities worldwide.
Facilities.
The school has 61 classrooms, including science and computer laboratories in the elementary, middle, and secondary buildings, rooms for music,and a separate preschool building. The elementary complex was renovated during the summer of 1997. The middle school was renovated during the summer of 2002. The preschool building was renovated during the summer of 2004. There is a media center, counselor offices, and a gymnasium. Also available are covered basketball courts and a soccer field.
The American School of Tegucigalpa serves its pre-school, elementary, middle, and high school populations through two libraries: one for the elementary school and one at the middle/high school. A collection is being started for the pre-school. Among the library visitors are alumni, Honduran government officials, and individuals from the community. The materials are in English and Spanish. 
Separate buildings house the preschool, elementary, middle school, and high school students. The administration offices, main library, auditorium, and gynasium are in separate buildings. Athletic facilities include a lower school playground, indoor and outdoor courts for basketball and volleyball, and playing fields for soccer and softball.
Enrollment.
and 15% of other nationalities.
Faculty.
There are 101 full-time faculty members including 25 U.S. citizens, 69 Honduran, 5 Canadian, 1 Hindu and 1 Peruvian; 70% are fully
bilingual and 45% hold at least one masters Degree.
Heads and Coordinators of the institution include:
Sports.
The school offers athletic competition in three varsity sports: basketball, soccer and volleyball. AST teams compete nationally and internationally against schools affiliated with the Association of Bilingual Schools of Honduras (ABSH) and the Association of American Schools of Central America (AASCA).
Extracurricular activities.
The co-curricular program includes:
Charity clubs such: as Relay for Life, Bencaleth, Casitas Kennedy, Operation Smile and Habitat for Humanity International

</doc>
<doc id="9672198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672198" title="Nerobergbahn">
Nerobergbahn

The Nerobergbahn is a funicular railway in the city of Wiesbaden, Germany. The line links the city with the Neroberg hill to its north, where visitors may view a panorama of the city.
The line opened in 1888, and is one of the few funiculars with water propulsion. At the upper station, tanks on the downbound car are filled with up to of water to ensure that it is heavier than the upbound car. The downbound car can then pull the upbound car uphill with a long steel cable. When the downbound carriage arrives at the lower station, the water is discharged and pumped uphill.
In 1939, it was planned to convert the line to electric propulsion and to provide larger cars, but the outbreak of World War II prevented this. The line was taken out of service in 1944 due to war damage, and service was restarted in 1948. In 1988 the line was protected as a technical monument by the State of Hesse.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:
References.
Specific
General
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9672216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672216" title="2002–03 DFB-Pokal">
2002–03 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal is the second-most important national title in German football. The DFB-Pokal 2002–03 was the 60th season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 28 August 2002 and ended on 31 May 2003. In the final Bayern Munich defeated Kaiserslautern 3–1, thereby claiming their eleventh title.

</doc>
<doc id="9672221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672221" title="Sisu RA-140 DS">
Sisu RA-140 DS

Sisu RA-140 DS "Raisu" is a flail-type demining vehicle developed and produced by the Finnish company Sisu-Auto and later produced by Patria Vehicles in 1994–2001. The production totalled 41 units.
Development.
Designing work of a new demining vehicle began in 1986 and the first prototype was ready in 1990. The basic structure was borrowed from SA-110 prototype but it was heavily modified to suit to its purpose. Technology and design of Pasi was utilised in development of the armoured cabin.
Sisu military vehicles typically have a nickname in addition to the official model name. The vehicle nearly got a too puerile nickname "Misu" which means "kitty" or "pussycat". It was derived from "Miina-Sisu" ("Mine Sisu"), and it was already printed on some brochures. However, the Engineering department quickly changed the name to "Raisu", from "Raivaus-Sisu" ("Clearance Sisu"). Raisu also means "boisterous".
Production.
Production of RA-140 DS took place in Hämeenlinna and it was the last Sisu developed there. Four vehicles were produced for Danish Defence in years 1996–1997, the rest were handed over to different brigades of Finnish Defence Forces.
Operation and characteristics.
RA-140 DS is intended for clearing of mine fields from surface placed or conventionally buried non-directional mines set against infantry and sparsely placed anti-tank mines up to 10 kg. It can clear a suitable passage for a vehicle convoy. Raisu is not meant for combat missions.
The mine clearing tool includes 82 hammers which are fastened to a rotating flail by chains. In operation the vehicle is used by reverting to ensure the best protection for the crew. The driver and passenger are protected against the pressure and mine fragments by a protection shield next to the flail. The vehicle makes a 3.4-metre wide path and the clearing depth can be controlled manually or automatically. The maximum speed in operation is 6 km/h and Raisu can eliminate mines up to 10 kg of explosive. The clearing flail is turned longitudinally and mounted on the top of the vehicle for during transportation.
The maximum gradient is 60% and side slope 30%. The highest vertical step the vehicle can climb is 0.5 metres and the trenching capability is 0.6 metres. The maximum fording depth is 0.8 metres. Raisu's cross-country mobility is good and it can be quickly moved to a new site. This is a key benefit compared to conventional, heavier tank-based applications.
Technical data.
The vehicle is powered by air-cooled six-cylinder Deutz BF 6L 913 C turbodiesel engine. The gearbox is a four-speed automatic Renk Doromat 874 AM/PTO. The front axle is portal type and sprung with coil springs. Both axles are driven and equipped with lockable differentials. The front axle has got disc brakes and the rear axle is with drum brakes.
When in service, the vehicle is driven by hydraulic transmission which is also using the flail and lifting or lowering an armoured-steel-made deflector shield between the flail and vehicle. The flail rotating speed can be infinitely adjusted between 0–500 rpm. The armoured cabin contains seats for the driver and commander and is designed with NBC protection and to withstand a 10 kg explosion under the vehicle. The armour protects against 7.62 calibre bullets. A 2061 VHF radio is for communication. The wheels are mine and bullet resistant. There is an option to mount a 12.7-calibre machine gun. A self-recovery winch is fitted as standard.
Operational history.
The four vehicles of Danish Defence were used in the former Yugoslavia. The vehicles faced severe problems in Bosnia and therefore the Danish army placed their further mine clearing vehicle orders for domestic made Hydrema 910 MCV.
Finland has used Raisu's in UN missions.

</doc>
<doc id="9672233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672233" title="El Tío Disparate">
El Tío Disparate

El Tío Disparate (English language:The Silly Uncle) is a 1978 Argentine comedy musical film directed by Palito Ortega and written Juan Carlos Mesa. It stars Palito Ortega and Carlos Balá.

</doc>
<doc id="9672245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672245" title="Outage">
Outage

Unavailability or decrease in quality of service due to unexpected behaviour of that particular service.
Outage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9672259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672259" title="Mapoyo-Yabarana language">
Mapoyo-Yabarana language

Mapoyo, or Mapoyo–Yavarana, is a Carib language spoken along the Suapure and Parguaza Rivers, Venezuela. The ethnic population of Mapoyo proper is about 365. Yabarana dialect is perhaps extinct; 20 speakers were known in 1977. An additional dialect, Pémono, was discovered in 1998. It was spoken by an 80-year-old woman and has since gone extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="9672260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672260" title="Oppenheim family">
Oppenheim family

The Oppenheim Family is a German-Jewish financial dynasty, which has been a prominent family in banking and finance in the European markets since at least the 18th century. According to Forbes Magazine's Family Dynasties, the Oppenheim Family divides control of their multi-billion dollar fortune among 46 family members.
History.
Salomon Oppenheim, Jr. founded the investment bank Sal. Oppenheim in the 18th century. Until its sale in 2009, Sal. Oppenheim was the largest privately owned investment/banking house in Europe with assets of €138 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="9672275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672275" title="Medical Cadet Corps">
Medical Cadet Corps

The Missionary Cadet Corps is an organization based on the beliefs and doctrines of the Seventh-day Adventist Church (Adventist church). At first they were intended to train people for the armed forces in the medical branch, but since the 1970s it has been working for the community by helping in disasters and rescues.
History.
In the 1860s when the American Civil War was started, the youth all over the nation started to receive a letter for the obligatory service with the army. The Adventists were not the exception, and so they faced a problem, because of biblical and religious beliefs, they wouldn't carry any type of artillery or even more, not to kill at all. The complaints went up to the United States Congress, and thanks to it, a resolution was made. People were to pay the amount of $300.00 if they wanted to be free from the war. By 1865, the Civil War ended, and all of the Congress meetings were calmed, and everyone, including the Adventist church, continued with their lives as though nothing had happened.
In the year 1918, 52 years after the Civil War, the First World War exploded, and many Adventists were jailed for refusing to the obligatory service. The church started to see some repetitive patterns throughout the past wars, every soldier that entered through the medical service, were protected by carrying the cross and also were exempted from carrying any firearm. So between 1936 and 1940, the church created a medical branch with the help of officers from the Armed Forces. In the year 1940, medical and spiritual courses were developed and in 1945, after the Second World War, the Medical Cadet Corps was created, with their motto, creed and hymn, the same they are still using today.
Philosophy.
The Adventist Medical Cadet Corps is a program under the administration of the Youth department of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. They accept people from both genders but older than 16 years. They are trained and capacitated to serve God, and the community, in order to aid at moments of necessity such as natural disasters or accidents. They organize effectively the human resources and materials in order to provide spiritual and logistic aid in a fast and secure way, maintaining their motto, “To Serve, To Serve and To Serve”. The organization provides spiritual growth for their members. They have developed programs, alongside the American Red Cross, for the modern concepts of Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), advanced rescue and preventive health and care, among others. The physical training is oriented to develop an optimal preparation of the body, maintaining a balance between mind and body.
Hymn and motto.
Motto.
To serve, To serve and To serve
Emblems.
<br>
<BR>Uniform Patches - 1950s
Desmond T. Doss.
Desmond T. Doss (January 17, 1919 – March 23, 2006) was the first conscientious objector to receive the Medal of Honor (Cpl. Thomas W. Bennett, an army medic during the Vietnam War, is the only other). He was a Private First Class (at the time of his Medal of Honor heroics) in the U.S. Army assigned to the Medical Detachment, 307th Infantry, 77th Infantry Division.
Desmond Doss wanted to serve, but refused to kill, or even carry a weapon into combat, because of his personal beliefs as a Seventh-day Adventist. He thus became a medic, and by serving in the Pacific theatre of World War II helped his country by saving the lives of his comrades, while also adhering to his religious convictions.
His Medal of Honor was earned by the extreme risks he took to save the lives of many comrades.
MCC Today-Yesterday.
Past Training.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9672292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672292" title="Vidarbha Chandika">
Vidarbha Chandika

Vidarbha Chandika is a Hindi-language weekly newspaper published from Nagpur. It was launched on May 1, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9672296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672296" title="Joyce Hoffman">
Joyce Hoffman

Joyce Hoffman (born 1946/47) is an American surfer, considered a woman's pioneer in her sport. She is often regarded as the first female international surfing star and was one the first inductees of the International Surfing Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Born in Dana Point, California, Hoffman started competing at an early age. She went on to win numerous honors including the US Surfing Championship for Women from 1965–67 and 1971, and the Makaha International Open in 1964 and 1966. In 1968, she became the first female to surf the Banzai Pipeline in Hawaii. Hoffman was also the top vote getter for Surfing Magazine International Hall of Fame Awards in 1966 and 1967. In 1969, the Los Angeles Times named her Woman of the Year, the only surfer to ever hold this distinction.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9672300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672300" title="Dear... (Sachi Tainaka album)">
Dear... (Sachi Tainaka album)

"Dear..." is an album from Sachi Tainaka that was released on March 7, 2007.
Its catalog number is GNCX-1002.

</doc>
<doc id="9672314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672314" title="Elliniki Agogi">
Elliniki Agogi

Elliniki Agogi (Greek Upbringing; Greek: Ελληνική Αγωγή) is the name of a Greek magazine founded in 1995 by Adonis Georgiades. Most texts in the magazine are in the polytonic writing system (without grave accent).
Elliniki Agogi is also the name of an educational organization, also founded in 1994 by Adonis Georgiades, which teaches the Ancient Greek language to children and adults.
Elliniki Agogi is also the name of a TV show presented by Adonis Georgiades in the Blue Sky TV station.

</doc>
<doc id="9672320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672320" title="Contextual Query Language">
Contextual Query Language

Contextual Query Language (CQL), previously known as Common Query Language, is a formal language for representing queries to information retrieval systems such as search engines, bibliographic catalogs and museum collection information. Based on the semantics of Z39.50, its design objective is that queries be human readable and writable, and that the language be intuitive while maintaining the expressiveness of more complex query languages. It is being developed and maintained by the Z39.50 Maintenance Agency, part of the Library of Congress.
Examples of query syntax.
Simple queries:
dinosaur
"complete dinosaur"
title = "complete dinosaur"
title exact "the complete dinosaur"
Queries using Boolean logic:
dinosaur or bird
Palomar assignment and "ice age"
dinosaur not reptile
dinosaur and bird or dinobird
"feathered dinosaur" and (yixian or jehol)
Queries accessing publication indexes:
publicationYear < 1980
lengthOfFemur > 2.4
bioMass >= 100
Queries based on the proximity of words to each other in a document:
ribs prox/distance<=5 chevrons
ribs prox/unit=sentence chevrons
ribs prox/distance>0/unit=paragraph chevrons
Queries across multiple dimensions:
date within "2002 2005"
dateRange encloses 2003
Queries based on relevance:
subject any/relevant "fish frog"
subject any/rel.lr "fish frog"
The latter example specifies using a specific algorithm for logistic regression.

</doc>
<doc id="9672336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672336" title="Chris Scarre">
Chris Scarre

Christopher John 'Chris' Scarre, FSA is an academic and writer in the fields of archaeology, pre-history and ancient history. He is Professor of Archaeology at the University of Durham and head of its archaeology department.
Early life.
Scarre studied at the University of Cambridge. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (BA), that was later promoted to Master of Arts (MA). He then undertook graduate study of landscape change and archaeological sites in western France, culminating in a Doctor of Philosophy degree (PhD).
Academic career.
Scarrer was Deputy Director of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research at the University of Cambridge from its foundation in 1990 to 2005. In January 2006, Scarre was appointed Professor of Prehistory at the Department of Archaeology of the University of Durham. In 2006, he was Professeur Invité at the Collège de France in Paris.
He has directed and co-directed excavations at a number of prehistoric sites. These include sites in France, Portugal, and the Channel Islands. Beginning in 2008, he led excavations exploring the prehistoric monuments of Herm. This project was Arts and Humanities Research Council-funded and a final excavation was under taken in the summer of 2011.
He was editor of the Cambridge Archaeological Journal from 1991 to 2005. He is the current editor of the international academic journal "Antiquity", having been appointed in January 2013.
In 2007, he was elected to the post of Trustee of the Council for British Archaeology.
Personal life.
His brother, Geoffrey Scarre, is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Durham.
Honours.
On 9 January 1986, Scarre was elected Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA).

</doc>
<doc id="9672339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672339" title="Myra Marx Ferree">
Myra Marx Ferree

Myra Marx Ferree (born 10 October 1949) is a professor of sociology and director of the Center for German and European Studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where she is also a member of the Women’s Studies Program. In 2005 she was a Berlin Prize Fellow at the American Academy in Berlin and in 2004 the Maria-Jahoda Visiting Professor at the Ruhr University Bochum. She has written numerous articles about feminist organizations and politics in the US, Germany and internationally, as well as about gender inequality in families, the inclusion of gender in sociological theory and practice, and the intersections of gender with race and class. She has been the recipient of the Jessie Bernard Award (sociology’s highest honor for work in gender), vice-president of the American Sociological Association and deputy editor of its leading journal, American Sociological Review, president of Sociologists for Women in Society and recipient of its mentoring and feminist scholarship awards. Her current work focuses on comparisons between US and German feminist movements and gender policy developments since the 1960s as well as the development of feminist identities in transnational women’s organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="9672354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672354" title="CQL">
CQL

As an abbreviation, CQL can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9672359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672359" title="Goi Station">
Goi Station

Lines.
Goi station is served by the Uchibō Line and the Kominato Line.
Station layout.
The station has a different address for each company. The address for JR East is 2-1-11 Goi-Chūō-Nishi, Ichihara, Chiba, and the address for the Kominato Railway is 1-1-2 Goi-Chūō-Higashi, Ichihara, Chiba. The station has four tracks with two island platforms, one for the Uchibō line and another for the Kominato line.
History.
The JNR station opened on March 28, 1912. The Kominato Railway station opened on March 7, 1925.
Passenger statistics.
In 2005, the JR East station was used by an average of 20,307 passengers daily, and the Kominato Railway station was used by 1,810 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="9672360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672360" title="List of Administrators of Chandigarh">
List of Administrators of Chandigarh

Since 1985 the Governor of Punjab has acted as the administrator of Chandigarh. His official residence is Raj Bhavan, Punjab in Chandigarh.
Administrators.
Mukesh Thakur 2013 to 2015

</doc>
<doc id="9672366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672366" title="Nicolas Sursock">
Nicolas Sursock

Nicolas Sursock was a Lebanese art collector and a prominent member of one of the aristocratic families of Beirut. 
Legacy.
Nicolas Sursock died in 1961 and is probably best known for bequeathing his 19th century private villa to the city of Beirut, to be transformed into a museum of modern art. The villa is now known as the Nicolas Sursock Museum.
— Nicolas Sursock 

</doc>
<doc id="9672369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672369" title="Gavrilovka">
Gavrilovka

Gavrilovka () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="9672383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672383" title="Jaime Martín">
Jaime Martín

Jaime Martín (born 1 September 1965) is solo flautist in the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, the Chamber Orchestra of Europe and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
He was born in Santander, Spain, and studied in Spain and the Netherlands. From 1992 he has lived in London.
He has worked with conductors such as Claudio Abbado, Lorin Maazel, Zubin Mehta and Sir Neville Marriner.
As soloist he has played with numerous orchestras, such as the Galicia and Tenerife Symphony Orchestras, Gran Canaria Philharmonic, Cadaqués Orchestra, the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, the London Mozart Players, the Chamber Orchestra of Europe, the Virtuosi of Moscow and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1991 he made his debut as soloist at the Carnegie Hall (New York) with the Flute Concerto by Nielsen. He has recorded chamber music with the Gaudier Ensemble, the Brindisi String Quartet, Pinchas Zukermman and others. He is a founder member of the Cadaqués Orchestra. From 1998 he has been a flute teacher at the Royal College of Music, London. He has recently become the principal flute of the London Philharmonic Orchestra .

</doc>
<doc id="9672411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672411" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 57">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 57

United Nations Security Council Resolution 57 was adopted unanimously on September 18, 1948. 
Shocked by the death of Count Folke Bernadotte, the United Nations Mediator in Palestine, the Council requested that the Secretary-General keep the flag of the United Nations at half-mast for three days, authorized him to meet from the Working Capital Fund all the expenses connected with the brutal death of the United Nations Mediator and to be represented at the interment by the President of the person whom he may appoint for the occasion. 

</doc>
<doc id="9672429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672429" title="Frances Mason">
Frances Mason

Frances Mason is a British musician. Studied as a child with Albert Sammons. She was a scholar at the Royal College of Music where she won many prizes. She went on to win the National Federation of Music Societies' Award for Young Concert Artists and was a prizewinner in the Carl Fleisch International Violin Competition and the BBC Violin Competition.
Frances broadcasts regularly for the BBC, including concerto performances in the BBC Promenade Concerts.
Mason is a Professor at the Royal College of Music.
Her chamber music career started in the Julian Bream Consort and Zorian String Quartet. She has performed worldwide as leader of the Music Group of London. Frances now leads the Rasumovsky String Quartet and the Tagore String Trio.

</doc>
<doc id="9672440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672440" title="Chesnokov">
Chesnokov

Chesnokov (masculine) or Chesnokova (feminine) () is the Russian last name. The surname is derived from the word Чеснок (Garlik). It is the last name of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="9672448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672448" title="A. Wyatt Tilby">
A. Wyatt Tilby

Aubrey Wyatt Tilby, known as A. Wyatt Tilby (1 April 1880 – 1 September 1948) was an author, journalist and traveller. He was born in Addiscombe, Surrey.
After his mother died in 1885, Tilby (known as Alec) was looked after by his uncle, Thomas Martin Tilby and his wife Ellen in Islington, London. Having been told that his health was such that he was unlikely to live to adulthood, his surrogate parents later sent him to live with his Aunt Harriet in Eastbourne, where she educated him herself at home.
As a young adult he spent much of his time travelling and studying in Europe, mainly in Germany, Austria and Italy. In 1905 he joined the editorial staff of the Globe, during which time he also worked on his six-volume history, "The English People Overseas". In 1915 he was appointed editor of the "Evening Standard", but presumed tuberculosis forced him to reduce his journalistic commitments the following year. The illness left him with a permanently deformed hip which also prevented the continuation of his history writing; instead he turned to writing on philosophy.
A frequent contributor to "The Edinburgh Review" and "The Nineteenth Century", he had a thirty-five year association with "The Glasgow Herald" as a reviewer, special correspondent and (from 1944) a leader-writer. He also edited "The Outlook" from 1924 to 1928 and "The Saturday Review" from 1930.
Married to Kathleen (née Brewer) for thirty-nine years, he had three children and eight grandchildren. He died in Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="9672461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672461" title="Behaviour (Saga album)">
Behaviour (Saga album)

Behaviour is the sixth studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga, and was originally released in 1985, two years after the moderately successful "Heads or Tales". "Behaviour" was itself successful, and managed to outsell its 1983 predecessor thanks to the strong performance of the single "What Do I Know?".
The album contains singer Michael Sadler's most sensitive song, "(Goodbye) Once Upon a Time", which he said was written about his late father and which still brought up strong emotions when performed years after the album's release.
Changes and band break-up.
The 1985 album was a marked departure for the band as Saga moved on from working with Rupert Hine, a successful producer famous in the 1980s who had produced the band's last two albums and helped to land the band commercial success during the early part of that decade. There was an overhaul of both the sounds and styles incorporated by the band during the development of the new album, leading Saga to produce a more pop-oriented sound than their previous progressive rock works.
Tensions during the production because of these changes eventually led lead singer Michael Sadler to inform drummer Steve Negus and Jim Gilmour after the album was released that they were no longer welcome in the band, beginning a rift in the band that lasted until 1991. Speaking in interviews during 2002, the band members stated that they regarded this division at the time as only temporary and knew that the five members would be reunited eventually.
Personnel.
Saga:
Production:

</doc>
<doc id="9672467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672467" title="Archeanassa">
Archeanassa

Archeanassa or Archaeanassa (Greek , ), a native of Colophon, was a hetaera or courtesan living in Athens in the late 5th century BC. According to biographical sources about Plato, the philosopher as a young man was deeply in love with Archeanassa and addressed a four-line epigram to her. The poem is quoted in full by Diogenes Laertius in his biography of Plato and by Athenaeus in a survey of famous courtesans. The same poem is also found, in almost identical form, in the Byzantine compilation called "Anthologia Palatina". In that source, although it is still addressed to Archeanassa, its authorship is attributed not to Plato but to Asclepiades. Modern scholars tend to accept the attribution to Plato as valid.
Notes.
The existence of Archeanassa (also known by Archaenassa or Archianassa) cannot be proven today with any direct primary sources. She is well known for being Plato's hetaera or courtesan because of the epigram he dedicated to her. Diogenes Laertius, biographer of philosophers, and Athenaeus both directly acknowledge Plato as both created and speaker of the four line epigram dedicated to Archeanassa.
In "The Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers" by Diogenes Laertius, (translated by C.D. Yonge), Laertius says:
"There is also a tradition that he had a mistress named Archianassa, on whom he wrote the following lines:
In his 13th book, "Athenaeus: The Deiosophists", Athenaeus argues:
"...and did not our admirable Plato love Archeanassa, a courtesan of Colophon? So that he even composed this song in her honor:-
The discrepancy in Archeanassa's existence, and furthermore the exact wording of Plato's epigram to her, is the work of Dikrearchus and his importance with Greek philosophers. He censured Plato's impulses and fancies because relations with Hetaerae's was seen as risky business during this time. Women like Archeanassa came with a chase, and exhaustive and expensive pursuit.
Her life is assumed to have been an extraordinary one, considering her being a woman living in Athens, Ancient Greece during the late 5th century. She was a hetara/courtesan, which entailed her to a list of astounding things. Hetaeras in Ancient Greece were viewed completely differently from the majority of women in Ancient Greece.
Archeanassa was a highly educated, independent, un-wed woman. She was well known for her intelligence and achievements, so much so that she was welcomed in the conversations and gatherings of high-ranked men of the time period. Ancient Greek society dictated her to dress apart from that of regular women and to pay taxes just as the men did.
That Archeanassa was a heater, and that hetaera's were known for their love affairs with powerful men of this time period, is true; she should not be confused for a prostitute. She had the respect of these powerful philosophers and politicians. She is quoted as being "the first (womanly) snare at the summit." In other words, she was the first to trap the highest level of government officials.

</doc>
<doc id="9672468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672468" title="Otumba de Gómez Farías">
Otumba de Gómez Farías

Otumba or Otumba de Gómez Farías is a town and municipality located in the northeast of the State of Mexico, just northeast of Mexico City. Historically, this area is best known as the site of the Battle of Otumba and as an important crossroads during the colonial period where incoming viceroys ceremoniously were handed power by their predecessors. Today, it is a rural municipality undergoing changes as urbanization arrives here from the Mexico City area. However, one element from the past that is still remembered is that of burros or donkeys. During the colonial period, Otumba was an important market for the animals, and they are still culturally important. Each year, the municipality sponsors a Feria de Burros or Donkey Fair, where the animals star in fashion shows, costume contests, and races. There is also a donkey sanctuary for unwanted animals.
The name Otumba comes from Nahuatl and means "place of otomis." The appendage "Gómez Farías" was added in honor of Valentín Gómez Farías. The Aztec glyph for the area depicts an Otomi character with the sign meaning place. The municipality is represented by this glyph and by a Spanish coat of arms. 
History.
This area was most likely settled by the Otomi although it is said that these Otomi descended from the Chichimeca. A series of villages were established in this area in the Classic period between 200 and 900 C.E. with the first known ruler being Motolina. When the chiefdom of Xaltocan fell in 1200, many other Otomis came to take refuge here, founding the town.
The area came under the rule of Azcapotzalco during the reign of Tezozomoc. Aztec rule was established here by Nezahualcoyotl from Texcoco, who made Otumba a regional capital, serving as a point of collection for tribute.
As an Aztec city, it contained a sacred plaza with a temple and perhaps a lord's palace. Outside this plaza area was the residential area for the elite called the "pipiltin", consisting of large houses occupied by extended families. There was probably also a central market. Outside of that was a second residential zone for the common population, called the "macehualtin". The organization of the city reflected that of Texcoco but at a smaller scale. There is evidence that this city produced crafts such as ceramics on a large scale.
The Battle of Otumba is part of the story of the Fall of Tenochtitlan, specifically La Noche Triste. The Spanish had to flee the Aztec capital and reach Tlaxcalan, where they would find allies. After being beleaguered on the causeway leading out of the city, Hernán Cortés fled towards Tlaxcala, and was intercepted by a group of warriors of the Tenocha, Tepaneca, Xochimilco and other peoples. However, despite the fact that they had already seen horses, seeing Spanish knights in full regalia proved to have shock value, as the warriors had never seen such in open battle. The fight lasted for four hours until Cortés attacked a warrior named Cihuacóatl Matlatzincatzin, the tallest and most adorned of the attackers. He and thirteen knights charged the army's leader and killed him. This charge broke the natives’ ranks and they fled. This battle gives Otumba the denomination of "La Heroica Otumba." Despite the poor condition and heavy losses of the Spanish army and the overwhelming number of Aztec warriors, the Spanish prevailed and were able to reach Tlaxcala to regroup. Some 20,000 Aztecs were killed. While the town lends its name to this battle, it really occurred in a place called Temalacatitlán.
After the battle, people from Otumba and other surrounding areas sent ambassadors to Cortes to ask forgiveness for fighting against him with the Aztecs. The ambassador from Tenochtitlan, however, still expressed the city's opposition to him. Cortes had the natives from Otumba capture the ambassador from Tenochtitlan for him as proof of their loyalty.
After the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire, Cortes passed through here a second time sometime later to visit mines in Pachuca. The Spanish divided Otumba into among a number of encomiendas, many of which belonged to Cortes himself. When Cortes went to Spain in 1528, the Otumba area was seized by Nuño de Guzmán who declared it a province of the crown, along with a number of other areas. When Cortes returned, he retook Otumba and installed his son Martín Cortés as tribute collector.
For the rest of the colonial period, Otumba was an important stopping point on the royal roads that connected Mexico City with Puebla, Hidalgo and especially the port of Veracruz. It was also the place where incoming viceroys would meet their predecessors and receive the scepter of rule before entering Mexico City itself. Because of the road traffic, the town grew into an important commercial center for the rest of the colonial period.
During the Mexican War of Independence, one important insurgent, Eugenio Montaño, was from Otumba. He, along with José Francisco Osorno, fought mostly in the Apan area until 1813, when the royalist forces battled his troops near Calpulalpan. Montaño lost and his body was found by the royalists at the Tepetates Hacienda. Looking for vengeance, the royalists cut off Montaño's head and cut the rest of the body into four pieces. The head was sent to his family and the body parts were hung in at the four corners of his house in Otumba. The parish priest tried to bury the body in at the church but the royalist dug it back up and rehung the pieces. A short time later, the body was permanently interred in the baptistery of the church.
Here Guadalupe Victoria proclaimed his Montano Plan in 1827. Here also, Nicolás Bravo was proclaimed the president of Mexico in 1839.
For much of its colonial history, Otumba had been a district seat of one type or another. Its current status of municipality was established in 1821. In 1861, it was officially declared a town. A rail line was constructed through here in the late 19th century and the municipal palace was constructed in 1890. A second rail line would be constructed in the mid 20th century. The train station would become the scene of some important incidents of the Mexican Revolution. In 1915, General Rodolfo Fierro, allied with Francisco Villa, seized the local telegraph station and sent orders in Álvaro Obregón's name to that General's troops to perform maneuvers that were beneficial to the Villa army. Another occurrence was an attack on a train called El Dorado, which was carrying Venustiano Carranza. The attack was carried out by forces loyal to Alvaro Obregon, but did not succeed in killing Carranza.
Ángel María Garibay K., who was a noted linguist, humanist and canon law expert, was the parish priest of Otumba from 1932 to 1941. While stationed here he wrote a number of important works.
Today.
Today, the municipality of Otumba is in transition towards a more urban area Crime rates have risen as well as the frustrations of the local populace. In 2006, police intervened to prevent the public lynching of a 15 year old who was caught trying to steal a computer and chair from a distance education center in the community of San Marcos Ahuatepec.
In 2008, Sergio Cid Arandas was kidnapped from his home in Ecatepec and found dead on the highway between Otumba and Ciudad Sahagún. The body was decapitated and mutilated. One year later, about 200 farmers confronted police, destroying a police vehicle in protest over the detention of a person in Santiago Tolman. The incident occurred when two police were arresting a local teacher. The residents detained the police for three hours, suspecting that they were kidnapping the teacher, and threatened to lynch the officers. The people were dispersed by an anti-riot squad, but a number of protesters regrouped and blocked the Mexico City-Tulancingo highway, demanding the return of the suspected kidnappers, Later, two police vehicles were torched in protest of the police intervention.
The municipality is also the home of the Topochico prison, containing more than 900 inmates. In 2009, more than twenty prisoners began a revolt in the maximum security area, claiming mistreatment. Two prison workers were taken hostage as the riot spread to other parts of the facilities. Control of the prison by authorities was achieved about eight hours later.
The town.
For several years, the government has worked on restoration and beautification projects with the aim of being included as one of the Pueblos con Encanto del Bicentenario (Bicentennial Towns with Charm). The program was initiated in 2008, with Otumba as one of the eighteen towns selected. The hope is also that the improvements and designation will attract tourists. Like most towns in Mexico, the center of Otumba is a main plaza surrounded the most important buildings of the community. The main plaza is decorated with leafy trees and a kiosk, which has a small café inside, surrounded by the Parish of the Purisima Concepción with its cloister from the 16th century, the municipal palace and the Gonzalo Carrasco Museum.
The Parish of the Purísima Concepción began as the Franciscan monastery, probably built in the 1530s. The parish was established in 1603 with important aspects of the parish church dating to the 18th century. It was one of the most important and visited constructions in the early colonial period. The church is constructed over a pre-Hispanic platform. On its saints day, the town of Otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals, dances, barbacoa and mole. A stone monument from the colonial era called La Picota is situated in the atrium of the parish church. It was broken after the Mexican War of Independence, reducing its height from four meters to two. Beside this monument is where new viceroys received their power symbolically from the outgoing viceroy. The vandalism of the column is thought to be a popular repudiation of the colonial system. The portal is in Plateresque and has an arch framed by thin columns on which wind sculpted vines and flowers. The door is surrounded by an alfiz, a design that is repeated in the choir area. The interior is covered by a barrel vault, which probably dates from the 18th century. The facade of the cloister contains an open chapel with the interior of simple design and murals.
The municipal palace is a sober Neo-colonial construction. The facade has two levels of arches with windows and ironwork balconies on the other sides. These details and the balustrade make the building appear older, but it was constructed in the 20th century. It was built this way to respect the colonial look of its predecessor.
The Gonzalo Carrasco Museum and Cultural Center is located in the house in which the painter was born, which is on one side of the main plaza on Plaza de la Constitucion 17. It has been designated as an architectural monument. The house traditionally was called the Portal El Fénix, home of the Carrasco family, who were merchants. Gonzalo Carrasco was a Jesuit, theologian and painter who was active in the late 19th century and early 20th. He studied at the Academy of San Carlos and with José María Velasco and his work adorns a number of buildings in Mexico and other countries. Portal El Fénix is a two story structure with a central courtyard. The lower floor was dedicated to businesses such as a general store, hairdressers and wine shop, with the family's residence upstairs. A number of rooms have been restored to what they were like in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. However, the most representative part of the building was called the Tienda Grande (Large Store), a term which came to be used to refer to the entire structure. It was located in the front under the balconies. Here were sold basic necessities such as bread, fabric, wax, grains and more. This house burned in 1876, but was rebuilt.
Local residents initiated the restoration of the building in the latter 20th century, which was opened in 1981 as the Casa de Cultura y Museo Gonzalo Carrasco. It contains eleven halls. Five halls are dedicated to pre-Hispanic pieces from the Aztec, Teotihuacan and Otomi cultures. There are also photographs of codices, of civil and religious constructions, of the construction of the Otumba rail line, and haciendas and of the pulque they made. A number of rooms such as the dining room, bedrooms, kitchen and living room which are left as the family lived in them, with some of the original furniture. One room is dedicated to Carrasco's work.
Outside of the main plaza area, but just as important, is the railroad station. Its establishment made Otumba a key communication interchange as well as important point of transfer for the shipment of pulque to Mexico City. The first rail concession through the Otumba area was granted in 1837, although it was cancelled later. In small sections a rail line was built through here and put into service in 1873, transporting passengers and cargo to and from Mexico City to points east and south. The current station was built in 1906 as part of the Mexico City-Veracruz line of the old Ferrocarril Mexicano. The station was abandoned shortly after 1995, when the railroad system was privatized. Today, the station serves as a museum for the municipality, the Museo del Ferrocarril en Otumba. It contains exhibits such as a copy of the first train ticket issued in Mexico along with the reconditioned telegraph office and an archive of photographs from the late 19th and early 20th century.
In the municipal market one can find tlacoyos, quesadillas made with squash flowers, mushrooms, barbacoa, mixiote, mole and pulque. In season, a number of other unusual dishes are served such as maguey larvae, chinicuiles, escamoles and snails.
Feria del Burro and the Burroland donkey shelter.
Otumba was a major center for the sale and trading of donkeys during the colonial period because it was at the crossroads of the highways into Mexico City, where many donkeys passed by carrying merchandise and riders. Donkeys were used well into the 20th century due to the poor conditions of many roads in Mexico and the inability of trucks to enter farms and haciendas producing pulque, milk and cactus fruit. Even though the municipality is transitioning to a suburb of Mexico City, the donkey is still considered a valuable part of the culture and in some places is still used for work
The Feria del Burro (Donkey Fair) was first held in 1965, and is the oldest annual fair in existence in the State of Mexico. The fair was begun as an adjunct to the celebration of the Señor de Animas, which has since been forgotten. The principal attraction, the donkeys, are presented in a number of ways. There is polo played on donkeys, costume contests where the animals are dressed as famous people, a donkey race around the main plaza, and a large parade with floats. In addition, there are traditional festival attractions such as sports events, local food, fireworks, and folk dance. There a crafts expo with more than 85 producers with 17 different types of crafts, with a Crafts Contest. Money earned from the event has gone to improving the appearance of the town, such as a burying electric and telephone cables. The annual event has drawn as many as 50,000 visitors.
Burrolandia, or the Donkey Sanctuary of Mexico, is an animal shelter that specializes in donkeys and contains about twenty animals. Burrolandia was begun by the Flores family on land next to the family's home in 2006. It is not scenic, as donkeys wander around rusting 1940s era cars. Visitors are given donkey ears and tails to wear as they visit a small museum, along with papier-mâché burros. There are puppet shows and burro rides. Burroland is sustained by donations from visitors, local companies and international groups like Donkey Sanctuary in Britain. Despite the animals’ historical importance in Mexico, pick up trucks and tractors are preferred by farmers even in the poorest areas. While the animals may still have their place culturally, the lack of work has made them more of a burden than an asset. The donkey population plummeted from one million in 1991 to about 581,000 in 2007 as many were killed by their owners or sold to slaughterhouses. Another reason farmers get rid of the animals is that they are associated with backwardness, and now the animals are not even worth 500 pesos anymore. This has spawned the Otumba effort to create the sanctuary as well as other projects such as free veterinary care for those animals still on farms.
The municipality.
As municipal seat, the town of Otumba is the local governing authority for over eighty other communities, covering a territory of 143.42 km2. The population of the municipality is 29,873 with less than a third living in the town proper. The municipality borders the municipalities of Axapusco, Tepetlaoxtoc, San Martín de las Pirámides and the states of Tlaxcala and Hidalgo to the southeast and east.
Geographically about fifteen percent of the territory is rugged terrain, forty percent is rolling hills and forty five percent is flat. Elevation varies between 2300 and 2900 meters above sea level and includes the Las Bateas, San Pedro, La Charra, Pelón and La Cruz mountains. There are no rivers here but intermittent streams which flow during the rainy season such as El Soldado, Las Bateas, Huixcoloco, Mihuaca and San Vicente. The climate is temperate to moderately cold with a dry climate with maguey and nopal cactus growing wild and less than eight percent of the land forested. High temperatures can reach 31C in the summer and -2.3C in the winter. Wild vegetation and wildlife is mostly restricted to the highest elevations and include pines, willows, mimosas, jacarandas, squirrels, armadillos, opossums, coyotes and various reptiles and insects.
About 59% of the municipality's land is used for agriculture, which depends on both seasonal rains and irrigation. Major crops are cactus fruit and nopal Livestock raised here includes domestic fowl, horses, sheep, goats, pigs and cattle. Industry consists on only small scale operations that produce locally needed products such as processed foods, textiles, furniture and bricks. Likewise, most commerce is of a local nature. Crafts are practiced on a minor scale working with fine woods, obsidian and onyx.
The municipality contains a number of tourist attractions but these not fully are not taken advantage of. One of these is the ex monastery of Oxtotipac, which was established by the Franciscans over what was a teocalli, or Aztec sacred precinct. The complex is in Plateresque style and consecrated to San Nicolas de Bari. The facade looks a bit like a reliquary with its two rose windows, with a portería, or main entryway, consists of five arches with finely carved columns. This facade dates from 1675, and breaks with the usual austerity of Franciscan monasteries decorated with vegetable motifs. The interior columns are delicately worked in stone and contain interlinked Renaissance and Romance style ornamentation as well as Otomi elements. The monastery contains two baptismal fonts, one of which is from the 16th century. It recently underwent a four year restoration projects costing approximately 700,000 pesos.Work on this monastery was sponsored by a civil association called Adopte una Obra de Arte (Adopt a Work of Art) along with the State of Mexico. One of the major causes of damage to the monastery was the theft of its religious art, so security measures were installed. Indoor and outdoor walls were repaired and three altarpieces were cleaned and restored, along with a number of other sculptures and paintings. The cloister area holds a collection of art works original to the monastery.
In some of the smaller communities of the municipality, such as Huayapan, San Antonio, San Miguel and Soapayuca, about 80% of the constructions are non-modern, many of which have had their facades renovated. A number of old haciendas in the municipality have been renovated and adapted to new uses. Haciendas in this area turned to pulque production after the cattle had overgrazed the pastures. The San Antonio Xala Haciendas was a pulque hacienda from the 19th century which now is a hotel and restaurant. The elegant rooms and main chapel are open for visits. The San Antonio Xala Hacienda has been reconditioned as a rustic vacation center with cabins, horse facilities, a pool, event hall and a car from one of the first trains to go through the region. It also has a restaurant that specialized in local cuisine including breads and cheeses made on the premises. The Soapayuca Hacienda today houses offices of the Adidas Corporation. The courtyard contains a majestic fountain and its chapel with an image of Christ in the entrance is unique. The former Santa María de Guadalupe Tepa Hacienda has a ceremonial mound with 40 meters in diameter and other constructions that date from the Teotihuacan period. In the mid 2000s, the state government granted permission to the municipality to use the land to build ball fields and a municipal cemetery, but this work was halted by INAH in order to preserve the pre-Hispanic ruins.
The San Antonio Ometuxco Hacienda is located about fifteen km outside the town of Otumba. The main house, according to some of the oldest residents here, shined in the sun which reflected off of its fine ceramic tiles. Today, Roman style statues, remains of Talavera tile and leafy trees still remain. The hacienda belonged to Ignacio Torres Adalid, who was the director of taxation during the regime of Porfirio Díaz. After that, it belonged to a foreigner, and after that it belonged to a group of ten farmers, who decided to sell it in 1910. It was sold to another foreigner in 1978, who still owns it but has abandoned it.The rooms of the house has old furniture and other things, but the most valuable possessions are the house's murals, paintings, fountains and gardens, along with religious figures in the chapel. This also used to be a pulque-producing hacienda and the tinacal, or production area, still remains, made of wood with thick beams. There are murals here as well, about the history of pulque.
The small community of Apaxco claims to have one of the most beautiful churches of the region named the Temple of San Esteban Axapusco. It has been restored, with new paint and gold leaf. The main altarpieces traces the genealogy of Jesus and the walls contain murals about the Twelve Apostles which date from the 17th century. Other attractions include caves which were occupied by the Chichimecas in Oztotipac and water parks/spas such as Los Pajaritos and El Temascal.

</doc>
<doc id="9672470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672470" title="Sadanand Bakre">
Sadanand Bakre

Sadanand Bakre (S. K. Bakre) (10 November 1920 – 18 December 2007) was an Indian painter and sculptor.
Bakre was born in Baroda, and was one of the founders of the Bombay Progressive Artists' Group, the pioneers of modern art in India. In 1951 he went to Britain, where he soon gave up sculpture and concentrated on painting. He had a one-man exhibition at the Commonwealth Institute (1951), another at Gallery One (1959), and four at the Nicholas Treadwell Gallery (1969–1975).
Bakre returned to India in 1975. In his later years he became a recluse, but he received a lifetime achievement award from the Bombay Art Society in 2004. He died from a heart attack in Murud-Harnai in the Ratnagiri district in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9672478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672478" title="Lithuanian nationality law">
Lithuanian nationality law

Lithuanian nationality law automatically grants citizenship to persons born within the current borders of Lithuania. Citizenship may also be granted by naturalization. Naturalization requires a residency period, an examination in the Lithuanian language, examination results demonstrating familiarity with the Lithuanian Constitution, a demonstrated means of support, and an oath of loyalty. A right of return clause was included in the 1991 constitution for persons who left Lithuania after its occupation by the Soviet Union in 1940 and their descendants.
In 1989, the legislature passed a nationality act granting automatic citizenship to those persons who could establish their own birth, or that of a parent or grandparent, within Lithuanian borders. Permanent residents not covered by these criteria were granted citizenship upon signing a loyalty oath. Language proficiency was not required. A 1991 treaty with Russia extended the definition of residency to those who had immigrated to Lithuania from Russia between 1989 and the ratification of the treaty. Subsequent applicants for citizenship were required to meet a set of naturalization standards, including Lithuanian language testing.
The citizenship requirements were the most liberal of those in the newly independent Baltic states. This is usually attributed to a relatively low level of immigration from other areas within the Soviet Union, resulting in a more ethnically homogenous population.
In November 2006, the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Lithuania ruled that the Law on Citizenship (wording of 17 September 2002 with subsequent amendments and supplements), was "controversial, inconsistent and confusing.". At issue was the possession of dual citizenship; the provision extended the right of citizenship, and hence the right to vote, to members of the post-Soviet Lithuanian diaspora, which was concentrated in the United States, Canada, Australia, and Argentina, and their children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. The most notable member of this diaspora was Lithuanian President Valdas Adamkus, who had become a United States citizen; he formally renounced US citizenship before taking the oath of office.
The petitioners held that basing citizenship on ethnic origin or nationality of the person violated the equality of persons and was discriminatory. The use and meaning of the term "repatriated" was especially controversial. The Lithuanian Seimas (parliament) passed a temporary law, expiring in 2010, that granted dual citizenship in exceptional cases, most notably to those who were Lithuanian citizens prior to 1940 and who fled during the Soviet occupations, as well as to their children and grandchildren. The text of the law, as of July 15, 2008, is listed at the Seimas website: Lithuanian citizenship laws (English translation).
During November 2010 the Seimas passed a law liberalizing dual citizenship requirements. President Dalia Grybauskaite vetoed it, stating that: "According to the Constitution, dual citizenship is a rare exception, not a common case."
Citizenship of the European Union.
Lithuanian citizens are also citizens of the European Union and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="9672483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672483" title="Petrovice (Prague)">
Petrovice (Prague)

Petrovice is borough of Prague, Czech Republic. Petrovice is located in the south eastern part of the city. Petrovice is an independent municipality with its own city hall and city assembly. It is part of the Prague 15 administrative district. It has about 6,151 inhabitants. Petrovice used to be a village founded in the 13th century, while today it is an integrated part of Prague. There is a chateau here as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9672500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672500" title="Otompan">
Otompan

Otompan (Nahuatl for "place of Otomis") or Otumba (the Spanish version of the name) was a pre-Columbian "altepetl" or city-state in the upper Teotihuacan Valley (now in Mexico).
According to histories written in the colonial period (16th and 17th centuries), Otompan was created around 1395 when Techotlalatzin, ruler of Texcoco, settled Otomi refugees there who were fleeing the conquest of Xaltocan by the Tepanecs under Tezozomoc.

</doc>
<doc id="9672531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672531" title="Jordan Transverse Mercator">
Jordan Transverse Mercator

Jordan Transverse Mercator (JTM) is a grid system created by the Royal Jordan Geographic Center (RJGC). This system is based on 6° belts with a Central Meridian of 37° East and a Scale Factor at Origin (mo) = 0.9998. The JTM is based on the International Hayford Ellipsoid 1924. No transformation parameters are presently offered by the government. However,Prof. Steven H. Savage of Arizona State University figured out that the JTM has a False Easting of 500 km, a False Northing of –3,000 km, and the three-parameter transformation to WGS84 is: ΔX = –86 meters, ΔY = –98 meters, and ΔZ = –119 meters.
Prof. Savage also offers software, ReprojectME!, which will convert coordinates between JTM and other systems. (See http://gaialab.asu.edu/Jordan/# for more information.)

</doc>
<doc id="9672574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672574" title="The Chemicals Between Us">
The Chemicals Between Us

"The Chemicals Between Us" is a song by alternative band Bush from their third album "The Science of Things".
Lyrics and style.
Gavin Rossdale commented on what the song was about:
""It’s all about the differences and distances between people""
The song is unique among most other singles by the band due to its numerous electronic elements as well as an almost dancey percussion. However, it also bears a prominent rock guitar riff throughout, making it akin to the electronica genre of music.
Music video.
The song's music video (directed by Stéphane Sednaoui), which was filmed in late August 1999 in Los Angeles, was played predominantly on the music channels, MTV, MTV2, and VH1.
Gavin Rossdale on the video:
""Thinking about it, the most extravagant thing was my lst video ('The Chemicals Between Us')- that was fucking extravagant. I think the next video I do I'm just going to get a pile of money and burn it, KLF style. I might as well just cut to the chase.""
The music video begins with Bush performing in an alley with a white monolith beside them, then Rossdale comes inside the monolith in a white background surrounded by a Japanese-inspired island. Later, the scene becomes interspersed with Rossdale doing karate blindfolded and Pursons doing martial arts as well. The video ends with the band entering the monolith.
Commercial performance.
It spent five non-consecutive weeks at number one on the U.S. Alternative Songs chart and peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 67 on December 4, 1999. The song closed out the entire alternative rock panel in one week, an unprecedented feat. Many saw this as proof of Bush's importance to the alternative radio format. It would eventually become Bush's last major worldwide hit before their 2002 breakup. Songs like "Warm Machine," "Letting the Cables Sleep," "The People That We Love" and "Inflatable" would become minor hits, but after "The Chemicals Between Us," Bush would not score another number one hit until 12 years later with "The Sound of Winter" (2011).
Track listing.
UK Enhanced CD Single 4972222
UK CD Single 4972232
AUS CD Single 4972132
AUS Promo CD Single 4971442 (Custom Made Printed Plastic Sleeve)

</doc>
<doc id="9672582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672582" title="Bird control spike">
Bird control spike

A bird control spike, also known as an anti-roosting spike or roost modification, is a device consisting of long, needle-like rods used for bird control. They can be attached to building ledges, street lighting, and commercial signage to prevent wild or feral birds from perching or roosting. Birds can produce large quantities of unsightly and unhygienic feces, and some birds have very loud calls that can be inconvenient for nearby residents, especially at night. As a result, bird control spikes are used to deter these birds without causing them harm or killing them.
Styles and usage.
Bird control deterrent spikes are normally around long, and work by reducing the area available for birds to land on. This forces larger varieties of birds, such as seagulls, pigeons, crows and vultures, to land elsewhere. As the birds do not come into contact with the spikes, the birds go unharmed. As a result, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) recommends bird control spikes for deterring pigeons from gardens.
Described as "the most effective (type of) stand-alone bird deterrent", bird control spikes can be placed along ledges, walls, on top of commercial signage, closed circuit television cameras and in rain gutters, in order to prevent birds from perching on the surfaces. Bird control spikes are most common in city centres and coastal areas, where feral birds are more common and more likely to come into conflict with humans. In addition, killing or harming birds without a valid reason is illegal in some areas; for example the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 in the United Kingdom forbids killing wild birds that are not causing serious damage to property or posing a serious risk to human health, which puts pressure on authorities and landowners to find non-lethal bird control methods.
As well as being used to control wild birds, bird control spikes see limited use in preventing larger climbing animals such as squirrels, raccoons and snakes from crossing an area.
Some bird control deterrent spikes are electrified, using the same principle as an electric fence to increase effectiveness, and the distress call of the shocked bird can frighten others in the area. However, such devices cause unnecessary harm to birds, and are therefore illegal in some areas, such as the United Kingdom. Sharp-tipped bird control spikes are illegal in much of the rest of the world, and are unsuitable for areas which are regularly accessible for humans. As a result, some companies manufacture special blunted spikes for use where sharp spikes are dangerous or illegal. However, the blunt spikes are less effective at deterring birds, and cannot block climbing animals.
Alternatives.
The spikes can become clogged by leaves, debris and bird feathers. If left unchecked, this can allow birds to perch easily on top. In addition, spikes can make buildings appear less attractive or untidy, especially landmark buildings. In these cases, other methods of control must be used, such as bird scarers playing bird distress calls or shining bright flashing lights at the required areas. Walls and ledges can also be modified to include a sloped surface, as birds cannot stand on the slanted surface and seek other perches. Other methods include netting, wire, mesh, gel, and scaring devices such as scarecrows.

</doc>
<doc id="9672583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672583" title="Rajendra Srivastava">
Rajendra Srivastava

Rajendra K. Srivastava, Ph.D. is Provost at Singapore Management University. He previously held a named professorship at Emory University.
Academic career.
He was born in India and studied at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur and the University of Rhode Island, and got himself a Ph.D. in business administration at the University of Pittsburgh. Upon completing his degree he took a position at the University of Texas at Austin.
After twenty years at the University of Texas he left to accepted the position of Roberto C. Goizueta Professor of Marketing at the Goizueta Business School at Emory University. In 2008, was appointed Provost of Singapore Management University.
Professional activities.
Srivastava has published articles in journals including the "Journal of Marketing" and "Journal of Market Research". His fields of interest include marketing strategy, brand management, management of market-based assets, customer management, and the financial impact of marketing activities.
Honors.
Srivastava received the American Marketing Association's Maynard Award, Paul Root Award, Sheth Award (all for "Journal of Marketing" articles), Vijay Mahajan Award and Alpha Kappa Psi Award, and the University of Texas CBA Foundation Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9672594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672594" title="Al-Zawraa TV">
Al-Zawraa TV

Al-Zawraa (or Al-Zawra) TV was an Iraqi satellite television channel that was known for airing video footage of insurgent attacks on US-led coalition forces.
Broadcasts.
In January 2007, the station was noted broadcasting on the Eutelsat-owned Eurobird satellite and on the Arabsat/Badr satellite, both at the 26 degrees east orbital position. The Eurobird outlet was closed after only a few days' operation. The station's transmission was closed on the Nilesat 101 satellite in February 2007 for "interference with other channels". It became available again on the 7W position via Atlantic Bird 4.
Programming.
Typical programming for the channel included footage of insurgent snipers killing American soldiers in Iraq, and video of Improvised Explosive Device attacks on coalition military vehicles. In many cases, these videos appear with patriotic or anti-US songs in the background, with the network asking viewers to comment on these videos by E-mail.
Other programmes have included commentaries against the US-led operation in Iraq, and, for a short time, news bulletins read by presenters wearing Ba'ath Party army fatigues.
The station was also known to show Hidden Camera Jihad, a video compilation of insurgent attacks on US forces with slapstick-style soundtrack and video effects.
The programmes were in Arabic, with occasional English subtitles.
Closure.
The station appeared to close down in July 2007 after its transmissions via the Arabsat satellite were jammed.

</doc>
<doc id="9672600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672600" title="Worlds Apart (Saga album)">
Worlds Apart (Saga album)

Worlds Apart is the fourth studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in 1981. The album has been released with several different covers. The album was produced by Rupert Hine. Frontman Michael Sadler stated in the band's video DVD "Silhouette" that Hine told him to stop "singing like a choir boy" and actually had him climb up to the roof of a barn located on the farm in England where the recording was done in order to get the proper passion out of Sadler for the song "On The Loose". Sadler's vocal style was noticeably different on "Worlds Apart" than on the first three Saga albums—a style that he kept in successive performances with the band.
Success.
Widely considered Saga's best album (and certainly their most commercially successful), the album has become the band's most recognizable work to date. The first song on the album, "On the Loose" was a single that hit #26 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #3 on Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks in 1981, landing Saga their best chart performance. The single was helped with a music video which appeared on MTV during the station's inaugural year on the air. Videos were also made for the singles "Wind Him Up" and "Amnesia". The success of the album was also largely credited to an expanded tour roster which saw the band enter new territories and venues, particularly in the United States, to expand their musical presence. "Worlds Apart" has been certified Platinum in Canada and Gold in Germany, Denmark, the United States and Norway.
The Chapters.
Two of the songs, "No Regrets (Chapter V)," and "No Stranger (Chapter VIII)," were part of a series of eight (but later sixteen) songs that Saga included within their first four albums called "The Chapters," which told the story of a young Albert Einstein. The release of these
two chapters completed the original set of eight. These songs were also later included on "The Chapters LIVE," an album that the band recorded in 2005. To date, there's been no official compilation of the chapters in their studio incarnation.
Worlds Apart Revisited.
In 2007, Saga released "Worlds Apart Revisited", a live album in a 2-CD package that included all the songs from the original "Worlds Apart" album recorded as they were played in a recent concert by the band along with other popular works that the band played for fans in their set.
Track listing.
Composed by Ian Crichton, Jim Crichton, Jim Gilmour, Steve Negus, and Michael Sadler except as indicated.
Side two.
The track order shown above is for the original vinyl LP release. Later CD releases and the Canadian vinyl pressing on Maze Records have "Time's Up" as track #2, with "Wind Him Up", "Amnesia", and "Framed" in positions #3, #4, and #5 respectively. Some of these listed the tracks in the order shown above, meaning tracks #2 through #5 were mislabeled.
Personnel.
Saga:
Production:

</doc>
<doc id="9672606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672606" title="École/Collège régional Gabrielle-Roy">
École/Collège régional Gabrielle-Roy

École/Collège régional Gabrielle-Roy, built in 1984, is a French-language high school in Île-des-Chênes, Manitoba, Canada. It gathers pupils from the communities of Île-des-Chênes, Lorette, Saint-Norbert, La Salle, Saint-Adolphe, Ste-Agathe, Dufresne, Niverville, Grande-Point and Ste-Genevieve. The CRGR forces itself to be the prolongation of the Franco-Manitoban family by making French language first, therefore immersing the students in their culture and making it an active part of their daily lives. 
The school is named after Gabrielle Roy, a Canadian author.

</doc>
<doc id="9672634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672634" title="Sir Francis Blake, 1st Baronet, of Twizell Castle">
Sir Francis Blake, 1st Baronet, of Twizell Castle

Sir Francis Blake FRS (27 April 1709 – 29 March 1780) was a Northumbrian landowner who was created 1st Baronet of Twizell in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 25 May 1774.
Life.
He was the grandson of Sir Francis Blake, Knt., of Cogges, Oxfordshire, who acquired Ford Castle, Northumberland on his marriage to Elizabeth née Carr, and who purchased Twizell Castle, Northumberland, in about 1685; and was the son of Sarah, daughter of Sir Francis of Cogges and her cousin Robert Blake of Menlough (1697–1734). 
He was educated at Lincoln College, Oxford.
He inherited the Twizell Castle estate (subject to his fathers life interest) on the death of his grandfather in 1717. (Ford Castle passed to his cousin Francis Delaval).
He supported the government during the Jacobite rising of 1745. 
Described as an 'experimental philosopher', he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1746.
After his father's death in 1734 he moved out of Twizell Castle and settled at Tillmouth House nearby. 
He and his son embarked on a costly and ambitious project to build a new castle on the Twizell site. 
The design, five-storey Gothick, was by architect James Nesbitt. After some forty years the project, still unfinished was abandoned.
He served as High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1772.
Blake acquired other estates including Fowberry Tower in 1776 and Seghill in 1777.
On 29 March 1780, he died at Tilmouth, and is buried at Houghton-le-Spring.
Family.
He married Isabella née Ayton in 1732. His first son Robert died aged 21 in 1754. In his will Blake left £60 for the creation of a monument to his son in the West Cloister of Westminster Abbey.
He was succeeded by his second son Francis

</doc>
<doc id="9672652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672652" title="Tony Mordente">
Tony Mordente

Tony Mordente (born December 3, 1935) is an American dancer, choreographer, actor and television director.
Born in New York City, Mordente attended the High School of Performing Arts and made his professional dance debut at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival in Massachusetts. Soon after he joined the ballet company at Radio City Music Hall, where he was discovered by Michael Kidd, who cast him in the 1956 Broadway musical adaptation of the Al Capp comic strip "Li'l Abner".
Mordente then was featured in the Broadway and West End productions and film version of "West Side Story", albeit playing different roles (in the stage version he played A-Rab and in the film he played Action). Tony was the voice of Oliver Cool on the 45 rpm single recording, "Oliver Cool" b/w "I Like Girls" by Oliver Cool (Roulette R-4292). The record did not chart nationally in the US but was a big hit in Australia in 1961.
He understudied the title role and served as assistant to Gower Champion in "Bye Bye Birdie" (1960) before teaming again with Kidd for "Ben Franklin in Paris" (1964) and the ill-fated "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1966), which closed during previews. He received his first credit as sole choreographer for "Here's Where I Belong" (1968), which never made it past opening night.
As an actor, Mordente appeared in the film "Love with the Proper Stranger" and had guest shots on the series "Combat!" and "The Outer Limits". He began to choreograph for television variety shows, including "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour".
In the mid-1970s, Mordente switched gears and began to direct for television. His credits include twenty-nine episodes of "Rhoda", ten episodes of "Matlock", thirty-seven episodes of "Walker, Texas Ranger", five episodes of "The A-Team", four episodes of "The Love Boat", and thirty-three episodes of "7th Heaven", in addition to episodes of "Busting Loose", "Love, Sidney", "Family Ties", "Day by Day", and "Burke's Law", among other television shows.
Family.
Mordente was married to Chita Rivera from 1957 to 1966. They are the parents of actress Lisa Mordente. He is also the father of screenwriter Adriana Mordente by a prior relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="9672694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672694" title="MKS X/Server">
MKS X/Server

MKS X/Server is for a commercial X server for accessing Unix/Linux systems from a PC, developed by MKS Inc.. The product offers both a full 32-bit X server and a native 64-bit X server (for x64 based systems) that operates on various versions of Microsoft Windows.
History.
Since 1995 MKS has distributed the SCO/Tarantella XVision Eclipse PC X server product to its customer base as part of its MKS Toolkit product line. In 2006 MKS acquired the source code rights XVision giving the company the ability to maintain and enhance the product as needed by the market and its customers. 
MKS X/Server is available as a standalone product, bundled with various versions of the MKS Toolkit product and available as a runtime option to UNIX/Linux applications ported to Windows using the MKS Toolkit for Enterprise Developers application.

</doc>
<doc id="9672721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672721" title="Rue Sursock">
Rue Sursock

Rue Sursock is a historic street in the Achrafieh district of Beirut in Lebanon. Named after one Beirut's most prominent families, the street is home to many of Beirut's beautiful historic mansions that were built in the 18th and 19th century by aristocratic families such as the Sursock and the Bustros. A large gate used to close down Rue Sursock at 10 pm, and this tradition remained until 1945.
There used to be more than 30 mansions and villas on Rue Sursock, but most of them were replaced with modern apartment buildings. "Palais de Bustros" or Bustros Palace is one of the largest of the palaces on Rue Sursock and now houses the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants. The street is also home to the Sursock House and the Nicolas Sursock Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9672739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672739" title="Polish Ecumenical Council">
Polish Ecumenical Council

Polish Ecumenical Council () founded in 1946 to promote interchurch cooperation includes nearly all churches except the Polish Catholic Church. In 1989 member churches included the Orthodox, Lutheran, Methodist, Baptist, Reformed, and Old Catholic. Cooperation with the Polish Catholic Church began in 1974 when the council established a Combined Ecumenical Commission to deal with the analogous ecumenical commission of the Polish Catholic Bishops' Conference. In 1977 the council named a subcommittee for discussion of individual theological questions; by 1980 bilateral dialogs had begun among members sharing similar doctrine. Given Poland's history of religious tolerance, the restoration of religious freedom in 1989 was expected to expand the tentative ecumenical contacts achieved during the communist era.

</doc>
<doc id="9672766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672766" title="It's Goin' Down (album)">
It's Goin' Down (album)

"It's Goin' Down" is the second studio album released by Ralph Tresvant. The album was released in late 1993 by MCA Records. Tresvant's sophomore set had him take on more of a hands-on role as opposed to his debut. This time around, he wrote and produced the majority of the album, save for three songs written and produced by his longtime producers Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis. Two songs were released from the album: "Who's The Mack" and "When I Need Somebody". The album was met with lukewarm reviews, as the album was noticeably different as opposed to its predecessor. 

</doc>
<doc id="9672773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672773" title="National Auctioneers Association">
National Auctioneers Association

The National Auctioneers Association (NAA), founded in 1949, is an advocacy group representing auctioneers, auction businesses and related companies that seeks to promote the auction method of marketing and the practice of auctioneering in the United States. Its headquarters is located at 8880 Ballentine, Overland Park, Kansas, 66214, USA.
Membership.
The NAA states that membership is at or around 4000 members from the United States, Canada, Australia, China, Czech Slovak, Great Britain, India, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, the Virgin Islands South, and West Africa. Membership is open to anyone worldwide who is involved in marketing through competitive bidding or the auction method of marketing. Members pay dues and follow the NAA Code of Ethics.
The NAA is primarily an educational group. Members of NAA Educational Trustees work with NAA staff, Board of Directors, and Executive Committee to produce educational opportunities for the membership. NAA classes and designations include Accredited Auctioneer of Real Estate (AARE), Graduate Personal Property Appraiser (GPPA), Master Personal Property Appraiser (MPPA), Certified Estate Specialist (CES), Auction Technology Specialist (ATS), and the Certified Auctioneer Institute (CAI) the most revered professional designation an Auctioneer can acquire. The NAA offers these designation classes to its members and non-members alike at designation academies, and at its annual Conference and Show. The NAA also conducts seminars, and summits to educate its members. 
The NAA conducts various contests at the Conference and Show including a marketing competition, and the International Auctioneer Championship (IAC). The NAA makes speakers available to state associations to educate their members on auction topics.

</doc>
<doc id="9672777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672777" title="Wookey Hole">
Wookey Hole

Wookey Hole is a village close to Wells in Somerset, England. It is within the parish of St Cuthbert Out.
One possible origin for the name Wookey is from the Old English "wocig" (an animal trap)., although it is also a possible alteration from a Celtic word "ogo" (cave) referring to Wookey Hole Caves. 
The village of Wookey Hole is dominated by the Wookey Hole Caves tourist site which has show caves and a controversial crazy golf course which was built on the site of the village bowling green.
The village has shops, a pub, restaurants, hotels and a campsite. 
The former paper mill building, whose water wheel is powered by a small canal from the river, dates from around 1860 and is a Grade II-listed building. The production of handmade paper ceased in February 2008 after the owner Gerry Cottle concluded there was no longer a market for the product, and therefore sold most of the historic machinery. 
Glencot House is a Grade II listed country house dating from 1887, by Ernest George and Harold Peto, for W. S. Hodgkinson. A report of the building appeared in "The Building News", 13 May 1887; the architect's drawing was exhibited at the Royal Academy, and is now at RIBA.
The 18th-century Bubwith farmhouse is also a Grade II listed building, as is the post office in the High Street.
The Monarch's Way and Mendip Way long-distance footpaths both pass through the village. Ebbor Gorge National Nature Reserve is just outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9672794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672794" title="Greengate School">
Greengate School

Greengate School for Dyslexia is a private, non-profit school located in Huntsville, Madison County, Alabama. Established in 2002, Greengate School provides a full-time elementary program for children with dyslexia in Huntsville Alabama. Starting with three students in a church, Greengate had 32 students in 2006 and 19 teachers. The school has a 4:1 student teacher ratio and is a member of the International Dyslexia Association.
In 2010 Greengate School received accreditation from the Southern Association of Independent Schools (SAIS), the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) and the Academy of Orton-Gillingham Practitioners and Educators (see Orton-Gillingham.

</doc>
<doc id="9672822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672822" title="List of Arizona Cardinals seasons">
List of Arizona Cardinals seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the Arizona Cardinals American football franchise of the National Football League (NFL). The list documents the season-by-season records of the Cardinals' franchise from to present, including postseason records, and league awards for individual players or head coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="9672835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672835" title="Split tunneling">
Split tunneling

Split tunneling is a computer networking concept which allows a VPN user to access a public network (e.g., the Internet) and a local LAN or WAN at the same time, using the same physical network connection. This connection service is usually facilitated through a program such as a VPN client software application.
For example, suppose a user utilizes a remote access VPN software client connecting to a corporate network using a hotel wireless network. The user with split tunneling enabled is able to connect to file servers, database servers, mail servers and other servers on the corporate network through the VPN connection. When the user connects to Internet resources (Web sites, FTP sites, etc.), the connection request goes directly out the gateway provided by the hotel network.
Advantages.
One advantage of using split tunneling is that it alleviates bottlenecks and conserves bandwidth as Internet traffic does not have to pass through the VPN server.
Another advantage is in the case where a user works at a supplier or partner site and needs access to network resources on both networks throughout the day. Split tunneling prevents the user from having to continually connect and disconnect.
Disadvantages.
A disadvantage is that when split tunneling is enabled, users bypass gateway level security that might be in place within the company infrastructure. For example, if web or content filtering is in place, this is something usually controlled at a gateway level, not the client PC.
ISPs that implement DNS hijacking break name resolution of private addresses with a split tunnel.
Variants and related technology.
Inverse split tunneling.
A variant of this split tunneling is called "inverse" split tunneling. By default all datagrams enter the tunnel except those destination IPs explicitly allowed by VPN gateway. The criteria for allowing datagrams to exit the local network interface (outside the tunnel) may vary from vendor to vendor (i.e.: port, service, etc.) This keeps control of network gateways to a centralized policy device such as the VPN terminator. This can be augmented by endpoint policy enforcement technologies such as an interface firewall on the endpoint device's network interface driver, group policy object or anti-malware agent. This is related in many ways to network access control (NAC).
IPv6 dual-stack networking.
Internal IPv6 content can be hosted and presented to sites via a unique local address range at the VPN level, while external IPv4 & IPv6 content can be accessed via site routers.

</doc>
<doc id="9672853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672853" title="Artomatic">
Artomatic

Artomatic is a multi-week, multimedia arts event held in the Washington, D.C. area. It has been held in 1999, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2012. The non-juried event provides a forum for artists of all types (visual artists, musical groups, dancers, poets, film crews, theatrical groups, fashion designers, fire play, and more) and abilities (from novice to professional).
An independently organized and licensed Artomatic event was also held in Frederick, Maryland for 2011. From Sept. 28th to Nov. 6th, 2011, the former FCPS Central Office building at 115 E. Church Street, Frederick, Maryland hosted Artomatic@Frederick featuring over 350 visual artists, plus musical groups, dancers, theatrical productions, aerialists, and a fashion show.
Structure.
A steering committee comprising local artists, arts administrators, and community activists develops outreach procedures and participation guidelines to ensure the broadest possible artistic representation from the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Each participant pays a nominal fee and commits to volunteering for 15 hours. Most participants, however, give much more of their time; volunteers execute every task, from hauling trash and building exhibit structures to maintaining the website. As a result, the show draws artists and visitors of different races, cultural backgrounds, ages and experience levels.
Artomatic provides a mechanism for emerging and established artists to have the chance to work with and learn from one another. The diversity of artwork and performances attract a broad range of people, providing a forum to build institutional connections; linking public and private schools, universities, community development organizations, human service organizations, corporations, foundations, and cultural organizations.
Artomatic has a website Artomatic.org which is updated for each event. Additional networking occurs during and between events on a dedicated section of the artdc.org forum.
History.
The first Art-O-Matic, as it was spelled then, ran from May 21 to June 19, 1999. It started as a fairly spontaneous event in the Manhattan Laundry buildings on Florida Avenue in Northwest Washington. The location, in an old laundromat, accounts for the name.
The second Art-O-Matic was held from September 29 to October 28, 2000. This time, it was held in the Tenleytown neighborhood of Northwest Washington, in a then-vacant building that had at various times been a Sears and a Hechinger (the building now houses a Container Store and a Best Buy).
October 31 to November 30, 2002 saw the third Art-O-Matic, in a former EPA building at 401 M Street, Southwest Washington, adjacent to Waterside Mall (the EPA building and the mall were both later demolished). At this Art-O-Matic, for the first time, the Figure Models Guild of the Washington, DC area sponsored open life drawing events. There would be live, often nude, models posing, and artists drawing. The art-going public – duly warned by signs as to the presence of live nude models – were welcome to come in and try their hand at drawing, or just observe.
The fourth Artomatic, as it was now spelled and has been spelled since, was held from November 12 through December 5, 2004 at the old Capital Children's Museum in Northeast Washington, a little north of Union Station. Though some of the newer sections of the complex were subsequently demolished as the building transitioned to its next phase, the older parts of the building remain intact, now divided into condominiums. 
There was a short hiatus after the fourth Artomatic. When Artomatic did not happen in 2006, two years after the fourth, a group of art galleries in Bethesda, Maryland put on a coordinated show of artists who might have taken part in Artomatic. The galleries mounted the art for their monthly Bethesda Art Walk (held on the second Friday of each month) of January 12, 2007. Whereas every other Artomatic has been open basically to any artist who has art to hang or mount and the $60 fee, this is the only time an Artomatic event was in any way curated.
Soon after this small Artomatic event, the fifth Artomatic was held from April 13 to May 20, 2007. This was the first time Artomatic was held outside the District of Columbia. It occupied two floors of a vacated office building in Crystal City in Arlington, Virginia. The space had previously been occupied by the Patent and Trademark Office.
Artomatic returned to the District of Columbia with the sixth, held from May 9 through June 15, 2008. This time, they occupied 10 floors of Capitol Plaza I, a new – not yet completed – office building in the (North of Massachusetts Avenue) neighborhood of Northeast Washington, a block from the NoMa – Gallaudet University Metro Station (at the time, called New York Ave. - Florida Ave. - Gallaudet U). 
In February 2009, Artomatic collaborated with the Pink Line Project for "Luck of the Draw: An Art and Music Experience". This event attracted over 1,500 people and was held at the Capitol Riverfront Neighborhood. 
The seventh Artomatic was also the tenth anniversary event. It ran from May 29 to July 5, 2009 in Southeast Washington. Again, it occupied a brand new building, 55 M St. SE, in a development near the new Washington Nationals ballpark located right over an entrance of the Navy Yard – Ballpark Metro Station. Over 76,000 visitors attended.
The eighth Artomatic was held from May 18, 2012 through June 23 at the event's largest venue to date, 1851 S Bell Street, Arlington, VA. 
The Artomatic concept has been licensed out to other places, including Ohio and Frederick MD (Fall 2011). Smaller events and partnerships have also happened over the years, including a small display in the oldest wing of Reagan National Airport in 2011 and select Artomatic artists were featured with poetry by BRASH at Studio Gallery on R St NW in 2010. Artomatic has also partnered with art groups from other cities and countries (specifically glass studios in England for the 2009 iteration) in order to bring work from elsewhere into the DC art scene.

</doc>
<doc id="9672854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672854" title="Dampfnudel">
Dampfnudel

Dampfnudel (pl: "Dampfnudeln", lit. "steam-noodle") is a sort of white bread roll or sweet roll eaten as a meal or as a dessert in Germany and in France (Alsace). It is a typical dish in southern Germany.
Ingredients and preparation.
Dampfnudeln are made from a dough composed of white flour, water, yeast, salt, butter or margarine, and sometimes also eggs and a little sugar. The dough is formed into balls about the size of an egg or a fist, left to rise and then cooked in a closed pot, preferably a high-rimmed iron pan with a lid, with milk and butter (or salt water and fat) until a golden brown crust forms at the bottom after the liquid has evaporated. The tops remain white.
Serving.
Dampfnudels are typically served as a main dish with savoury accompaniment such as cabbage, salad, gherkins, potato soup, lentil soup, or mushrooms in white sauce. They can also be served as a dessert with vanilla custard, jam, or boiled fruit. In Bavaria and the Palatinate, however, Dampfnudels are traditionally served as the main dish even when sweet.
Literature.
Helga Rosemann, "Dampfnudeln: Eine pfälzisch-bayerische Spezialität" (Offenbach: Höma-Verlag, 2012), ISBN 978-3-937329-65-9.

</doc>
<doc id="9672855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672855" title="Procol Harum discography">
Procol Harum discography

This article presents the discography of Procol Harum.

</doc>
<doc id="9672865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672865" title="M1938">
M1938

M1938 or M-1938 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9672891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672891" title="Oliver Lozano">
Oliver Lozano

Atty. Oliver "Oli" Ocol Lozano - (born May 13, 1940), was the legal counsel of the late Ferdinand Marcos. He was born in Ilocos Norte and currently married to Norma Junio, with daughter, Atty. Evangeline Lozano, and 3 other children.
Education and career.
Lozano, 66, graduated elementary and high school at Dingras Elementary and High School, respectively. He earned his Law and Bachelor of Arts degrees at the University of the Philippines .
As 40 years practicing lawyer, he was legal counsel for: Philippine Consumers’ Foundation, Unification Movement, World Unification Church, Apostolic Catholic Church, Jesus is Lord Crusaders, The Lord Jesus Christ, The Great Commission World Ministry Inc., Active Civilian Force, Inc., Economic Recovery Action Program, Inc., Motherland International Foundation, Inc., National Organization of Women Agenda, Poverty, Inc., Muslim League of Welfare Development, Inc., Trade Union of the Philippines, Action Bayan, Inc. and Quezon City Federation of Women Civic Organizations.
Philippine general election, 2004 and 2007.
Lozano was the first senatorial candidate to file his certificate of candidacy, under the Kilusang Bagong Lipunan, the ruling party during the Marcos regime. Lozano was later joined by radio announcer and KBL candidate Melchor Chavez. Both Lozano and Chavez lost in previous senatorial derbies. In the Philippine general election, 2004 and Philippine general election, 2007, (Independent) Lozano landed on the 36th and 32nd place, with measly 238,272 and 305,637 votes, respectively.
Impeachment complaints.
Lozano filed an impeachment complaint against President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in June 2005 in connection with the President’s supposedly wiretapped conversations with former COMELEC commissioner Virgilio Garcillano. He also filed the 2006, September 2007, February and August, 2008 impeachment complaints.
The 2005 Lozano impeachment was defeated principally due to technical deficiency rather than on merit. All the other complaints were dismissed for insufficiency in substance. On October 13, 2008, Lozano, together with his daughter Atty. Evangeline Lozano and Atty. Elly Pamatong, attempted but failed to file their 4-pages mailed impeachment complaint against President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, due to tardiness, since the opposition and civil society groups led by Jose de Venecia III, filed ahead their own 97-page complaint. The House secretariat accepted the Lozano complaint at 10:02 a.m., while the duly verified and endorsed De Venecia complaints, inter alia were received at 7:40 a.m.
Dispute over the KBL.
There has been confusion recently in the 2007 election campaign within the party. This confusion stems from the recent endorsement (allegedly by the KBL) of Marcos loyalist lawyer Oliver Lozano to dubious senatorial candidate Joselito Pepito "Peter" Cayetano, who has the namesake of Rep. Alan Peter Cayetano, an opposition stalwart. Rep. Cayetano said that Gov. Bongbong Marcos, who is the president of the KBL, has certified that Joselito Cayetano has no party affiliation whatsoever with the KBL and that no endorsement was called for his namesake's candidacy. More recently, Marcos has denounced loyalist lawyer and senatorial candidate Oliver Lozano along with his candidates for turning the KBL into an "embarrassment". Marcos said that the party leadership will deal with the "renegade members" of the KBL after the elections. However, Lozano has repeatedly contended on television and radio that Marcos is an "honorary" president, and the real power within the party lies with Atty. Vicente Millora, who is the duly noted party chairman.
Quotes.
On not being allowed to attend a COMELEC meeting:
“They locked me out from the meeting. They did not even give me that courtesy to inform me whether I was invited or not. They made me wait.”
On his impeachment complaint when asked the reaction of Senator Francis Escudero
“He was silent. He did not give me the go signal to file it but implied the fact that he did not also stop me.”
On the reaction of Opposition congressmen to his impeachment complaint
“I feel insulted. But in fighting for my principle, I should never involve my personal emotion so I contained my pride, held my anger and gracefully exited. Very impliedly, they don't want to talk to me.”
Controversy.
Criminal lawsuits Nos. 86-49007 and 86-49008 were filed against Lozano, Benjamin Nuega and Annie Ferrer as accomplices to the July 27, 1986 murder of Stephen Salcedo, a known "Coryista." On December 16, 1988, the trial court acquitted Lozano for failure of the prosecution to prove his guilt beyond reasonable doubt.

</doc>
<doc id="9672896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672896" title="Comparison of open-source configuration management software">
Comparison of open-source configuration management software

This is a comparison of notable free and open source configuration management software, suitable for tasks typically performed by a system administrator.
Basic properties.
"Verify mode" refers to having an ability to determine whether a node is conformant with a guarantee of not modifying it, and typically involves the exclusive use of an internal language supporting read-only mode for all potentially system-modifying operations. "Mutual auth" refers to the client verifying the server and vice-versa.
Platform support.
Note: This means platforms on which a recent version of the tool has actually been used successfully, not platforms where it should theoretically work since it's written in good portable C/C++ or an interpreted language. It should also be listed as a supported platform on the project's web site.
Short descriptions.
Not all tools have the same goal and the same feature set. To help distinguish between all of these software packages, here is a short description of each one.

</doc>
<doc id="9672897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672897" title="List of cruiser classes of the Imperial Japanese Navy">
List of cruiser classes of the Imperial Japanese Navy

This is a list of cruisers of the Imperial Japanese Navy. There are currently no active ships.

</doc>
<doc id="9672907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672907" title="Flange (disambiguation)">
Flange (disambiguation)

A flange is a ridge, a rib or rim.
Flange may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9672920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672920" title="Lady Cochrane Sursock">
Lady Cochrane Sursock

Yvonne, "Lady" Cochrane Sursock, is a philanthropist, a prominent public figure, and an advocate of the arts in Lebanon. 
Family.
She was born the only daughter of Alfred-"Bey" Sursock, a Lebanese aristocrat and "Donna" Maria Theresa Serra di Cassano, the daughter of Francesco Serra, 7th Duke of Cassano. In 1946, she married "Sir" Desmond Cochrane, Bt. 
Philanthropy.
Lady Cochrane Sursock was president of the committee and general manager of the Nicolas Sursock Museum in Beirut from 1960 until 1966. She founded the Association for the Protection of the Natural Sites and Ancient Buildings (APSAD; "Association pour la protection des sites et anciennes demeures") in Lebanon and was its president from 1960 until 2002. 
Her work today focuses on projects that seek to reduce Lebanese emigration and to support people in their villages of origin, by creating jobs for them in the fields of: agriculture, textiles, and handcrafts.
Lady Cochrane is also involved in the protection of the natural environment in Lebanon and in the preservation of the country's unique architectural and cultural heritage.
She is owner of the Sursock House, plus a broad swath of property along Rue Sursock, up to the trendy Rue Gouraud.
Further reading.
William Dalrymple (1997): From the Holy Mountain (interview with Lady Cochrane Sursock, p. 238-42)

</doc>
<doc id="9672923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672923" title="National Benzole">
National Benzole

National Benzole was a petroleum brand used in the United Kingdom from 1919 to the 1960s. In 1934 the company acquired Power Petroleum. In the early 1960s it was renamed as simply National.
Foundation.
The company was founded in February 1919 in a room next to the boiler house of the Gas Light and Coke Company in London’s Horseferry Road. In the early years of the century, benzole production had been small scale. But, because it was as good at propelling shells as motor cars, production was expanded massively during World War One. And this led to something of a post-war “benzole-lake”.
A group of men, including Samuel Henshaw, then the chairman of the Staffordshire Chemical Company, reckoned there was money to be made from these surplus-to-requirements stocks. Henshaw became the first chairman of the National Benzole Company. Although the idea of using benzole to power automobiles was not new, cars fueled on neat benzole needed altered carburetter settings which was inconvenient for owners who had previously used petrol (gasoline), and the effectiveness of neat benzole as a paint stripper raised concern about the possible effect on carburettor floats made of varnished cork - a common feature in US vehicles which at the time were being imported in greater numbers. There was also concern about the variable quality and specification of the benzole. It was in the need to address these concerns, especially regarding consistency of fuel quality, that Henshaw and his colleagues recognized their commercial opportunity.
A distribution network was established consisting of a few (initially) storage depots round the country, supplied by a small fleet of used lorries with solid tyres (tires), acquired from the War Disposals Board. These transported the fuel in war-surplus drums and cans of 2, 4 or 50 gallons.
The 1920s: Rapid growth.
The young company received a boost in 1920 with the award of the RAC Dewar Trophy to a Rolls-Royce 40/50 hp that successfully completed a 10,000 mile reliability trial fueled exclusively by National Benzole.
Problems arose in the same year from a coal strike which restricted benzole availability, and increased demand in the ensuing years led to frequent shortages of coal shale from which the benzole was made. At the same time, some reckoned neat benzole was a little strong for the average engine and started to mix it with petrol. This led in 1922 to the replacement of benzole fuel with a "fifty-fifty mixture" of benzole and petroleum (gasoline), which addressed the supply issue and could be seen as an early example of customer responsiveness. Neat benzole continued to be marketed as an effective anti-knocking performance enhancing additive.
Military service in the First World War introduced many British men to motoring for the first time: returning survivors began, where funds permitted, to purchase small motor cars or motor bikes, while others set up in business to maintain and repair the motor cars of the wealthy. Before the war motor fuel suppliers in the UK had typically included pharmacies, cycle shops or even blacksmiths, but after the war commercial roadside garages began to appear, slowly at first. Because garages were initially sparse the (British) AA itself set up twelve strategically located filling stations, supplying fuel only to its own members and making no profit from the transactions. Initially the AA fuel stations supplied only National Benzole which was seen a particularly patriotic fuel choice because the coal shale which was the principal ingredient of benzole was domestically produced. In 1927 the AA dismantled its small chain of service stations as the growth of a commercially motivated service station network rendered them unnecessary, but by this time National Benzole was a nationally established fuel brand in the UK.
During this period the company consciously "smartened up" its public face. Initially the enthusiastic driver/ salesmen delivery drivers had also been the company's sales force, touting relentlessly for new business as they made deliveries to existing customers. Ten years later the head office had relocated to an upmarket location in London's Grosvenor Gardens and a sales force was recruited, equipped with Morris Cowleys painted yellow, which had become the company's colour.
Mr Mercury.
The now famous 50/50 blend became a resounding success. To sustain the success, an imaginative advertising campaign was developed, and in 1928, Mr Mercury – startlingly naked – leapt for the first time from the pages of the national newspapers.
Mr Mercury, in National Benzole’s black and chrome gold corporate colours, became one of the most powerful marketing images of this age. Almost every service station in the 1930s had a National Benzole pump, for single-brand solus sites were unknown in those days. Eventually Mr Mercury's head was used as the brand's logo. At the outbreak of the Second World War, all petrol brands gave way to pooled petrol. Mr Mercury would return in 1953, now more modestly attired in the advertisements, though he retained his winged helmet, and National Benzole quickly re-established itself as a market leader.
The 1930s: Competitor issues.
Switching from neat benzole to the fifty-fifty mixture was not a complete solution to the supply issue. It reduced but did not eliminate the company's dependence on the UK coal mining cartel, while it introduced an inherent tension in the relationship with the petroleum (gasoline) suppliers who were also major competitors for road fuel sales. The petroleum supply issue was to some extent addressed by "buying on the high seas" whereby the company, having no oil refining capacity of its own, contracted to buy from shippers full tanker loads of refined fuel.
As motoring passed from being a recreation for the leisure hours of a leisured class to a mainstream means of transport, the National Benzole business continued its growth path. A partial solution to the supply concerns was a long term petroleum contract with the Anglo-Persian Oil Company which adumbrated still closer links with the future British Petroleum company: in the meantime National Benzole acquired ocean going tankers of its own.
Benzole phase out.
Effectively promoted and distributed into the second half of the twentieth century, National Benzole continued to be very popular with British motorists and the National Benzole brand remained a common sight at the roadside. However the proportion of benzole in the mixture was reduced progressively after the Second World War as the number of more lucrative specialist applications for the chemical grew with the development of the UK's chemical industry. During the late 1950s Benzole was determined to be hazardous to health: its anti-knocking properties as a fuel ingredient were no longer so important for the smooth running of engines, since various additives including, ironically, tetraethyllead were now routinely included in refined petroleum (gasoline). Therefore from the early 1960s onwards National sold only petrol.
Shell-Mex and BP.
National Benzole joined the Shell-Mex and BP Ltd family in 1957 but continued to trade separately.
In 1959, responding to the growing importance of benzole as a specialist chemical, it was decided to concentrate on this market by means of a new company named Benzole Producers Limited. At the same time the motor fuel marketing business was now fully merged with Shell-Mex and BP Ltd. Benzole (no longer part of the mixture) was dropped from the fuel's name and Mr Mercury’s black and chrome gave way to sparkling new yellow, blue and white. Following the de-merger of Shell-Mex and British Petroleum (BP) in 1976, the National brand continued to be distinctively marketed by BP for over a decade.
Decline.
During the 1970s and 1980s the company's petrol stations sold figurines of The Smurfs comic characters whose blue and white colouring matched the national colours, however during the 1980s, the National brand declined as BP focussed on the strength of the BP brand.
By the early 1990s the brand name was phased out in favour of BP. There was a brief re-appearance of the National Brand from 2000 when Scottish Fuels branded its retail outlets as 'National'. These outlets have since been re-branded into the colours of Scottish Fuels. A number of outlets in Shetland are still branded as National as are a few outlets on the Isle of Wight.

</doc>
<doc id="9672933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672933" title="Madlaine Traverse">
Madlaine Traverse

Madlaine Traverse (August 1, 1875 - January 7, 1964) was an American stage and screen actress from Cleveland, Ohio. Mary was her birth name. In the course of her career she is alternately billed as "Madaline Traverse", "Madeline Traverse" and "Madeline Travers".
Silent movie actress.
Traverse was a leading lady of the Fox Film Corporation in the second decade of the twentieth century. In 1917 she played the mother of Mary Pickford in "The Poor Little Rich Girl" (1917). In "What Would You Do?" (1920) director Edmund Lawrence required Traverse to wear the clothes of a Boer woman of South Africa. Lawrence stressed realism to the point of insisting that Traverse not wash her face for several days before her scenes were shot.
Her most successful films are "The Caillaux Case" (1918) and "Three Weeks" (1914). In 1920 she made her first movie for Madlaine Traverse Productions, "Snares of Paris" (1919), in New York. Her wardrobe for the motion picture was purchased in Paris and she stayed in Fort Lee, New Jersey while on location.
Traverse was rescued from drowning while she was bathing at high tide in the Pacific Ocean in October 1918. A man who was swimming nearby noticed Traverse did not come to the surface after struggling with strong waves. He pulled her by her skirt and took her to safety from the water off the coast of Ocean Park, California.
She became an avid duck hunter in southern California after settling there to make motion pictures.
Madlaine Traverse died in Cleveland in 1964.
Additional information.
Madlaine Traverse's birth name was Mary Businsky. She was born August 1, 1875. Madlaine began her acting career on the stage in England. She married Max Traverse, who died in 1906. The lights from filming permanently damaged her eyes, forcing her into retirement. Mary Pickford, who starred with her in "Poor Little Rich Girl", visited her in 1962, which was the highlight of her retirement years. She was 88 when she died January 7, 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9672950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672950" title="William Barrington-Coupe">
William Barrington-Coupe

William H. Barrington-Coupe (also known as William H. B. Coupe) (born 1931) is a British record producer. Married in 1956 to concert pianist Joyce Hatto, he was jailed for a year in 1966 for "blatant and impertinent frauds". He attained further notoriety in 2007 when he confessed that a large number of piano CDs that he had sold on his Concert Artist/Fidelio Recordings label were not in fact performed by his wife but were copies, in some cases digitally manipulated, of commercially available recordings by other pianists.
Biography.
In the early 1950s Barrington-Coupe worked in London as a classical musicians' agent. A directory from 1953–1954 showed him with two exclusive artists on his books. A 1955 article in "Billboard" magazine refers to Barrington-Coupe, as President of Concert Artists, licensing Mozart recordings by the "London Mozart Ensemble".
The Saga Films and Records Company, of which he was an employee, collapsed in 1960, with the Official Receiver declaring that Barrington-Coupe was chiefly responsible for the company's demise.
Following the Saga collapse in late 1960, he created the Lyrique record label with Marcel Rodd, who had a record-pressing factory, and began to release records by artists under different pseudonyms, a not uncommon practice of the era. "The repertoire was from the variety of master tapes now in Rodd's tape library," wrote Ted Perry, one of Barrington-Coupe's former colleagues in an unpublished autobiography. "It was also, possibly, from some of Coupe's own tapes since he always seemed to have a lot of recorded material of unknown, not to say dubious, provenance."
Recordings of classical works issued on his Delta label were believed to have been copied from radio broadcasts from behind the Iron Curtain, mixed to disguise the sources. "Private Eye" has claimed that on one recording of Tchaikovsky's 4th Symphony, he made the mistake of inserting a number of bars backwards. A recording issued featuring the Danzig Philharmonic was in stereo, when it was known that that orchestra had ceased to exist a decade or more before stereo recording was common. He also made up artists' names: "Wilhelm Havagesse" was the falsely-named conductor of the "Zurich Municipal Orchestra" in a recording of "Scheherazade" released on Barrington-Coupe's Fidelio label in 1962 (ATL 4006). Charles Haynes, who worked with Barrington-Coupe at Delta, recounted that "quite often they used to 'monkey around', hence conductors Havagesse and Homer Lott and the soprano Herda Wobbel", lamenting that the practice stopped when "the Trades Descriptions Act threatened the continuing existence of these fine artists: 'End of the Road for Musician Havagesse' proclaimed the "Daily Telegraph"'s headline."
Barrington-Coupe set up a further label, on 25 February 1960, with Major Wilfred Alonzo Banks's financial backing: Triumph Records. This time his collaborator was Joe Meek, a record producer who became best known for "Telstar", the 1962 hit by The Tornados. The two men later fell out and Meek left the company, which subsequently went into liquidation. Meek was followed by David Gooch who produced a number of extended-play and long-playing records on a new label, Dial Records. This association was terminated when Barrington-Coupe had obvious financial difficulties. Desperate to make ends meet, he began importing radios from Hong Kong, which he sold in London markets and by mail order, but became the subject of legal action when he failed to pay purchase tax. 
On 17 May 1966, after what was then the longest-running and most expensive trial at the Old Bailey, costing the British taxpayer £150,000, Barrington-Coupe and four other defendants were found guilty of failing to pay £84,000 in purchase tax (over £1 million in 2007 currency). Barrington-Coupe was fined £3,600 and jailed for 12 months. His company, W.H. Barrington-Coupe Ltd, was fined £4,000 and finally wound up in 1971. Summing up, Judge Alan King-Hamilton said: "These were blatant and impertinent frauds, carried out in my opinion rather clumsily. But such was your conceit that you thought yourself smart enough to get away with it."
After he was released from prison, Barrington-Coupe was reunited with Hatto. While she began to earn a modest reputation for her recitals of Liszt and Chopin, Barrington-Coupe maintained a lower profile. In the 1970s, the couple disappeared from the public eye, becoming virtual recluses in their detached modern home in Royston, Hertfordshire 
The great piano swindle.
It was not until 2002 that they were heard of again. During the previous 13 years they had apparently recorded another 103 CDs of Hatto's playing, which Barrington-Coupe began issuing on his Concert Artist label. In 2007, these CDs were found to be fraudulent copies of recordings of other artists issued by other labels. Barrington-Coupe initially denied any wrongdoing but subsequently admitted the fraud in a letter to Robert von Bahr, the head of the Swedish BIS record label that had originally issued some of the recordings plagiarised by Concert Artist.
Bahr immediately shared the contents of the letter with "Gramophone" magazine, telling journalist Jessica Duchen afterwards that he "had given a lot of thought" to suing Barrington-Coupe for damages, but was inclined not to do so, on the assumption that the hoax recordings were "a desperate attempt to build a shrine to a dying wife".

</doc>
<doc id="9672952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672952" title="Lagaria">
Lagaria

Lagaria (Greek: ), was an ancient town of Lucania, situated between Thurii and the river Siris (modern Sinni). 
According to a legend, it was founded by a colony of Phocians under the command of Epeius, the architect of the Trojan Horse. Strabo, the only geographical writer who mentions Lagaria, calls it only a fortress (), and it was probably never a place of any importance; though deriving some celebrity in later times from the excellence of its wine, which was esteemed one of the best in Italy. The statement of Strabo, above quoted, is the only clue to its position, which cannot therefore be determined with any certainty. Cluverius placed it at Nocara, about 16 km from the sea, and this conjecture (for it is nothing more) has been adopted by Romanelli. The editors of the "Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World", along with most modern scholars, place the ruins of Lagaria at Monte Coppolo, in the "comune" of Valsinni, Matera Province, Basilicata. The wines of this neighborhood are said still to preserve their ancient reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="9672964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672964" title="Obelisk (disambiguation)">
Obelisk (disambiguation)

An obelisk is a tall, four-side monument. "Obelisk" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9672985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672985" title="World Cup Soccer (pinball)">
World Cup Soccer (pinball)

World Cup Soccer is a 1994 pinball machine released by Midway. It is based on the 1994 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9672986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672986" title="Myosin ATPase">
Myosin ATPase

Myosin ATPase () is an enzyme with system name "ATP phosphohydrolase (actin-translocating)". This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
ATP hydrolysis provides energy for actomyosin contraction.

</doc>
<doc id="9672987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672987" title="Ada Dietz">
Ada Dietz

Ada K. Dietz (June 16, 1882 - May 13, 1950) was an American weaver best known for her 1949 monograph "Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles", which defines a novel method for generating weaving patterns based on algebraic patterns. Her method employs the expansion of multivariate polynomials to devise a weaving scheme. Dietz' work is still well-regarded today, by both weavers and mathematicians. Along with the references listed below, Griswold (2001) cites several additional articles on her work.
History.
Ada Dietz developed her algebraic method in 1946 while living in Long Beach, California. An avid weaver, Dietz drew upon her experience as a former math teacher to devise a threading pattern based on a cubic binomial expansion. She describes her idea as follows:
A piece based on the formula ("a" + "b" + "c" + "d" + "e" + "f")2, submitted to the Little Loomhouse Country Fair in Louisville, Kentucky received such a positive response, which prompted a collaboration between Dietz and Little Loomhouse's founder, Lou Tate. The fruits of the collaboration included the booklet "Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles" and a traveling exhibit which continued throughout the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="9672993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672993" title="List of Administrators of Dadra and Nagar Haveli">
List of Administrators of Dadra and Nagar Haveli

Dadra and Nagar Haveli were both liberated in 1954 by Indian Nationalists but the Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli was not declared till 1961. Technically speaking, it is only after that, that Dadra and Nagar Haveli came inside the Indian Union.He is also acts as an administrator of Daman and Diu.

</doc>
<doc id="9672995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9672995" title="Diemut Poppen">
Diemut Poppen

Diemut Poppen (born in Münster, Germany) began violin lessons at the age of seven, but changed to the viola having been exposed to it through playing chamber music. She has been taught by leading players such as Kim Kashkashian, Bruno Giuranna, Yuri Bashmet, Hariolf Schlichtig, Georges Janzer and the Amadeus Quartet.
She has also studied with Frans Brüggen, Heinz Holliger and Claudio Abbado.
Poppen has been a member of the Chamber Orchestra of Europe, the Lucerne Festival Orchestra and the Orchestra Mozart.
She succeeded Nobuko Imai in her position at the Detmold School of Music. She has been a member of the jury at several international competitions such as the ARD International Music Competition in Munich. She is also director of the Chamber Music Summer Academy in Turingen and she founded the Osnabrück Chamber Music Series.
Poppen has recorded for different labels such as Deutsche Grammophon, Live Classics, Cappricio, Ondine, Ars Musici, Tudor and EMI. Her wide repertory includes the new Mijail Pletnev and Kancheli Styx concertos for viola and orchestra.
She currently teaches at the Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía (Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía) in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="9673008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673008" title="Lake Pohjalampi">
Lake Pohjalampi

Lake Pohjalampi is a lake in eastern Finland. The lake has a surface area of 61 hectares, and the mean and maximum depth are 3.2 meters and 5.3 meters, respectively. 
The lake was used to study the effects of biomanipulation on a small, mesotrophic lake. From 1993 to 1997, over 200 kilograms per hectare of fish, mainly roach ("Rutilus rutilus") and bream ("Abramis brama") were caught and removed. This resulted in a reduction of nearly 80% of fish biomass. The effects on the benthic invertebrates were investigated using biomass and density, during the years of fish removal and for the following three years. The decrease in benthivorous fish stock led to higher biomass and density in all the major benthic invertebrate groups. 
Three years after fish removal had been discontinued, the fish biomass had recovered to almost its initial value; the community structure, however, was different because of much greater abundance of perch. The biomasses of the benthic invertebrates in many groups was seen to drop in the years 1999-2000, apparently due to the increased predation. The relationship between the two trophic levels is thought to be as a consequence of the open and sparsely vegetated bottom, which offers minimal shelter to invertebrate prey. 
An additional factor in the reduced invertebrate biomasses was a fall in both phosphorus and chlorophyll "a" concentrations, which led to a drop in primary production. The phosphorus and chlorophyll "a" decreases occurred after the three years of fishing and have remained low since. This could be related to the loss of waste products and detritus the fish would have produced over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="9673020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673020" title="Ania (singer)">
Ania (singer)

Ania (), sometimes referred to as Ania Dąbrowska (; born January 7, 1981 in Chełm, Poland) is a Polish singer, songwriter, and composer who performs pop music.
Ania rose to stardom in 2004 with the release of "Samotność po zmierzchu" which met with positive critical and commercial reception. Her second album, "Kilka historii na ten sam temat", was her first to incorporate 1960s-inspired retro style in both music and public image, what would become the trademark of her output for the next five years. She is one of the most nominated singers to Fryderyk, the most respected music award in Poland, and has been awarded eight times. Ania has released five studio albums, with four of them reaching number one position in Polish albums chart and four going Platinum. As of early 2011, the singer has sold more than 200,000 albums in Poland.
Biography.
Dąbrowska started her musical education as a teenager. When in high school, Ania also attended music school where she learned to play contrabass and participated in numerous vocal competitions. She later studied in Warsaw School of Social Sciences and Humanities. Dąbrowska first appeared publicly in 2002, as a participant of the vocal talent show "Idol" which was the first Polish edition of "Pop Idol". She managed to reach the final top 10, but was eliminated while in eighth place. In the same year, she collaborated with Polish singer Krzysztof Krawczyk on his hit album "...bo marzę i śnię". In 2003 Ania released her first solo single, "I See", which was a very modest success.
In February 2004, Dąbrowska released her debut album, "Samotność po zmierzchu", which was a blend of pop, soul and jazz. The record, preceded by a hit single "Tego chciałam", was a commercial and critical success. The singer took part in National Festival of Polish Song in Opole with "Glory", followed by even more successful singles, "Charlie, Charlie", which was a cover of an A Camp song, and "Inna", a song about an alienated girl. In the fall of 2004 "Samotność po zmierzchu" achieved Gold certification in Poland for the overall sales exceeding 40,000 copies. Dąbrowska earned the status of one of the most popular Polish singers and was awarded with three Fryderyks and one Eska Award.
Having contributed vocals and written songs for such artists as Maryla Rodowicz and Monika Brodka, Dąbrowska released her second album "Kilka historii na ten sam temat" in autumn 2006. The album referenced 1960s both musically and visually, with Ania introducing her retro-inspired image on the cover of the record as well as in the music video for the first single "Trudno mi się przyznać". The song became a major radio hit in Poland and was followed by an equally successful "Czekam...". The album matched the success of the debut record and was praised by both the critics and the public. It became Platinum by shifting more than 50,000 copies and earned the singer four Fryderyks and one Eska Award.
Ania's third album, "W spodniach czy w sukience?", was released in June 2008. "Nigdy więcej nie tańcz ze mną" was chosen as the first single, with the music video directed by Dąbrowska herself, and enjoyed considerable success in Poland. The album reached number one in Polish albums chart and eventually went Platinum. The title song and "Smutek mam we krwi" were released as singles and met with minor success. In 2009, Ania collaborated with a French band Nouvelle Vague and contributed vocals for their cover of Robert Palmer's classic song "Johnny and Mary". The song was a radio single in Poland and was included on the Polish edition of Nouvelle Vague's album "3". In the fall her next solo single was released, "Nigdy nie mów nigdy", from the movie of the same name, and became a radio hit.
In April 2010 Dąbrowska released her fourth studio album, "Ania Movie", which included interpretations of her favourite movie and TV series tracks, and declared it her last retro-inspired album. "Ania Movie" debuted at number one in Polish albums chart and remained atop for seven weeks. The first music video was shot for Cher's "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)" and second for Badly Drawn Boy's "Silent Sigh". The promotional Ania Movie tour was postponed due to a number of reasons, including pregnancy and health problems, but eventually turned out a great success later in 2010. In July her first child, Stanisław, was born. In 2011 Ania became a judge in "The Voice of Poland".
Autumn 2012 saw the release of Ania's fifth studio album, "Bawię się świetnie". It received positive reviews and a Platinum certification, although was her first not to reach the top of the chart. The first single became "Bawię się świetnie" which met with success on Polish radio and in March 2013 second official single was released, "Jeszcze ten jeden raz". Ania is currently on a one-year hiatus due to her second pregnancy.

</doc>
<doc id="9673024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673024" title="Jason Mittell">
Jason Mittell

Jason Mittell is a professor of American studies and film and media culture at Middlebury College whose research interests include the history of television, media, culture, and new media. He is author of two books, "Genre and Television" (2004) and "Television and American Culture" (2009).
Career.
Education.
Mittell received his Ph.D. in Communication Arts from the University of Wisconsin–Madison's Media & Cultural Studies Program (part of the Department of Communication Arts) in August 2000. In the spring of 1996, Mittell obtained an M.A. in the same concentration and program. Mittell completed his undergraduate studies at Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio in 1992, graduating with a B.A. and majoring in English and Theater.
Academic positions.
Mittell taught Communication at Georgia State University from 2000 to 2002. Currently, he is an associate professor at Middlebury College, where he teaches a number of courses related to television, culture, and media, such as "Television and American Culture, Theories of Popular Culture, Media Technology and Cultural Change, American Media Industries, Animated Film & TV, Narration Across Media", "Media and Childhood in American Culture", and "Urban American and Serial Television: Watching" The Wire. 
His research interests include pop culture topics such as television history and criticism, media and cultural history, genre theory, narratology, animation and children's media, cultural historiography, and new media studies and technological convergence. He lists questions of race and gender (but not social class) among his areas of study. He is currently writing a book on contemporary American television narrative. Mittell also writes a blog entitled JustTV.
Use of Wikipedia for college research.
In an interview in the "New York Times" on February 21, 2007, Mittell defended the use of Wikipedia as a citeable resource for college-level research. Mittell responded to critics that questioned the accuracy and reliability of an online document that anyone in the world can edit at any time by arguing that “The message that is being sent is that ultimately they see it as a threat to traditional knowledge...[;] I see it as an opportunity. What does that mean for traditional scholarship? Does traditional scholarship lose value?”

</doc>
<doc id="9673027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673027" title="Sociologists for Women in Society">
Sociologists for Women in Society

Sociologists for Women in Society (SWS) is an international organization of social scientists--students, faculty, practitioners, and researchers--working together to improve the position of women within sociology and society in general.
History.
In 1969, several hundred women gathered at a "counter-convention" at Glide Memorial Church rather than attend the ASA meetings at the Hilton Hotel. Sharing feelings of insecurity and stories of initially mystifying experiences as graduate students and faculty, and encouraging each other with applause, they came to see that some of the stresses in being sociologists were not idiosyncratic, but part of the experience of being women. Later that year, some 20 founding women met to build an organization and network. Although SWS was created to redress the plight of women sociologists, SWS has become an organization that also focuses on improving the social position of women in society through feminist sociological research and writing.
SWS holds annual meetings and publishes the academic journal "Gender & Society".

</doc>
<doc id="9673039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673039" title="Ulises Dumont">
Ulises Dumont

Ulises Dumont (April 7, 1937 – November 29, 2008) was a prolific Argentine film actor, credited with over 80 appearances in film and countless others in theatre and television from 1964 until his death in 2008.
Life and work.
Born in 1937 in Buenos Aires, Dumont first worked in Bunge y Born, Argentina's largest grain wholesaler and one of the principal grain conglomerates in the World. Later that year (1956), he made his first appearance on the stage, developing an affinity for the art that, for economic reasons, he postponed pursuing for several more years. After a modest career in sales, Dumont was given his first film role, a bit part in a 1964 comedy. The otherwise forgettable experience opened doors for him in Buenos Aires' vibrant theatre scene, and he returned to film only in 1971. Eschewing classical theatre, he contributed mostly to locally-written productions, soon becoming a fixture in works by noted Argentine dramatists such as Villanueva Cosse, Carlos Gorostiza and Griselda Gambaro. Receiving his first starring film role in Sergio Renán's 1976 film adaptation of an Haroldo Conti play, "Crecer de golpe" ("Maturing Suddenly") secured Dumont's reputation in Argentine drama. He was offered numerous leading theatre roles in 1977, the most memorable of which were probably Carlos Gorostiza's "El puente" ("The Bridge") and what would become his signature role, that of a crusty, ravenous Italian-Argentine grandmother in Roberto Cossa's "La nona".
The following year, Dumont lent his talent to a young, hitherto unknown Argentine director, Adolfo Aristarain. The 1978 thriller, "La Parte del león" ("The Lion's Share") began a successful string of similar collaborations between the two and an actor already well-established as a leading man since the 1960s, Federico Luppi. The three collaborated similarly in the muck-raking "Tiempo de revancha" ("Time for Revenge," 1981) and the thriller "Últimos días de la víctima" ("The Victim's Last Days," 1982). True to Dumont's understated style, the three acclaimed and commercially successful films criticized the pravailing climate of fear (during a regime in which doing so was often perilous) with metaphor and veiled references to current events.
Developing a close friendship with Federico Luppi, he and Dumont co-starred with various other directors over the following years and, in the interim, Dumont married Marcela Luppi, Federico's daughter. The two starred in Hector Olivera's "No habrá más penas ni olvido" ("Little Dirty War," 1983), a tragic comedy set during the 1974 conflict between left and right-wing Peronists; 1983 also saw Dumont star in Eduardo Calcagno's "Los Enemigos" ("The Enemies"). The dark thriller, released months before Argentina's return to democracy, focused on the use the well-connected had made during the dictatorship of their ties to the military in ridding themselves of enemies, with impunity. Working prolifically following the advent of democracy, Dumont played, among others, an opinionated hobo in Lautaro Murúa's "Cuarteles de invierno" ("Winter Barracks," 1984) and a no-nonsense producer faced with an unpredictable film maker in "La película del rey" ("A King and His Movie," 1985), a title which has enjoyed international exposure since its VHS release the following year. His role in "Winter Barracks" remained, by his own admission, his favorite. He was reunited with Luppi in 1987, cast in a supporting role in "El Año del conejo" ("The Year of the Rabbit") a divorce comedy made during Luppi's own contentious separation from wife and former co-star Haydée Padilla.
During an era in which Argentine cinema often revisited the traumas lived during the 1976-83 dictatorship, Dumont was cast in a leading role as an aging, targeted intellectual in Fernando Solanas' "Sur" ("South," 1987), one of the defining films on the subject. Working in varied genres, he also starred in a crime caper, Juan Carlos Desanzo's "Al filo de la ley" ("On the Edge of the Law," 1992) and was reunited with director Eduardo Calcagno in "El Censor" ("The Censor," 1995), a surreal historical drama loosely based on Miguel Paulino Tato's notorious tenure as National Film Rater (censor) during the 1970s.
Turning to more sentimental work in his later years, Dumont traveled to Cuba to play an aging businessman in the throes of hopelessness in Diego Musiak's "Historias clandestinas en la Habana" ("Hidden Stories in Havana," 1996). Continuing to be active in the theatre, he performed in the title role of an alienated professor in Roberto Cossa's "Yepeto" ("Gepetto"), a play that enjoyed an approximately 5,000-performance run during the 1990s. "Yepeto" was adapted for the screen by director Eduardo Calcagno in 1999. A heavy smoker, Dumont suffered from worsening cardiovascular health subsequently and, yet, his work in film remained as vigorous as ever, playing a socially conscious priest in "Cerca de la frontera" ("Near the Border," 1999), an ex convict in a bind in "Rosarigasinos" ("Rosario Boys," 2001), a widower lost without his better half in "La esperanza" ("Hope," 2003), an elderly woman's inopportune lover in "Conversaciones con mamá" (2004), and a railroad worker laid off by the sector's mass 1992 privatizations in "Próxima salida" ("Next Stop," 2004), to name only a few of his recent film, theatre and television roles. Dumont earned three Silver Condor Awards and three awards at the Havana Film Festival, among numerous other recognitions. 
A victim of heart disease, Dumont died in a Buenos Aires clinic at the age of 71. Dumont's remains were buried in Chacarita Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9673040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673040" title="Mighty Garvey!">
Mighty Garvey!

Mighty Garvey! is an album released in 1968 by Manfred Mann. It was the second and last recorded by the band (not including compilations and the soundtrack album to the film "Up The Junction") after the change of direction and personnel of the previous "As Is". It continued a transition away from jazz and blues and towards self-composed art-pop. Despite including two UK 'Top 5' hit singles (Bob Dylan's "Mighty Quinn" and Tony Hazzard's "Ha! Ha! Said The Clown"), the album did not chart and the band split up the year after.
Overview.
The group's continued pop success with material by established songwriters such as Dylan and Hazzard made its handlers averse to the risk of releasing self-written singles, a state of affairs that had prevailed ever since the success of "Do Wah Diddy Diddy", even though the group's first hits had been self-composed, at least one example of drummer Mike Hugg's new-found productivity had been seen as potentially chart-worthy and singer Mike d'Abo was able to provide other artists with hits such as "Build Me Up Buttercup" and "Handbags and Gladrags". The resultant pop image did not encourage album sales to "serious" listeners, particularly when trends were turning from baroque pop to hard rock. So, like contemporary releases by The Kinks and The Zombies, "Mighty Garvey" became a record esteemed more in retrospect than at the time. It was later re-issued in 2003, with bonus tracks. 
The group's commercial compromises also led to "self-knocking", and its recordings developed an ironic distance that on "Mighty Garvey" sometimes invites comparison with The Kinks, Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich, Frank Zappa or The Bonzo Dog Band. Even on Hugg's intricate and sentimental "Harry the One Man Band" the vocal track finally dissolves into schoolboy mirth and silly noises. The three different versions of d'Abo's song "Happy Families", credited as; (Track 1) Performed by Eddie 'Fingers' Garvey, (Track 6) Performed by Ed Garvey and The Trio and (Track 14) Performed by Edwin O'Garvey and His Showband, are outright parodies of "the pompous big rock band style, the sleazy lounge jazz style, and then the semi-drunk family entertainment "country-shape Christmas" style" that appropriate and poke fun at the Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band concept ("Edwin Garvey" being an invented character introduced on the similarly flippant flip side of "Mighty Quinn").
These three parodies and two hit singles take up over a third of a relatively short L.P. and of the remainder, d'Abo's "Country Dancing" and "The Vicar's Daughter" are likewise somewhat arch, besides strengthening an impression of "chameleonism" and lack of sincere direction. "Big Betty" is also non-original, a treatment of Huddie Ledbetter's song "Black Betty" in a manner reminiscent of The Spencer Davis Group's hits, providing the only real point of contact with the band's rhythm and blues past. Yet this still leaves a core of worthwhile, intelligent and melodic songs, also by Hugg and d'Abo apart from "Cubist Town", written by guitarist Tom McGuinness in a one-off collaboration. The group made full use of the new possibilities of multi-tracking, overlaying complex and inventive textures of flutes, keyboards and vibraphones, while the group's backing vocals, originally limited to a tribal unison, began to take on an almost Pet Sounds complexity.
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="9673055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673055" title="Soviet submarine K-11">
Soviet submarine K-11

K-11 was a Soviet November-class (Project 627A) nuclear-powered attack submarine that had two reactor accidents during loading of the nuclear reactor core in Severodvinsk on 7 and 12 February 1965. Reasons for the accidents included nonobservance of operating instructions by those participating in the lift of the reactor cover and the mistaken decision to continue refueling after the first accident. There were no fatalities but those accidents (ejection of radioactive steam and inappropriate fire extinguishing methods on 12 February) caused an unsafe release of radiation into the environment and nearby shipyard area. Seven men were treated for exposure to radiation. The reactor compartment holding the two damaged reactors was removed, partially decontaminated and sunk in Abrosimov Bay (east coast of Novaya Zemlya) in the Kara Sea in 1966. A new reactor compartment was installed and the submarine continued to perform her duties from August 1968 (performed 5 long-range cruises in 1968–1970 including patrol missions in the Mediterranean Sea, 4 long-range cruises in 1975–1977, 5 long-range cruises in 1982–1985) until decommissioning on 19 April 1990. K-11 passed the milestone of 220,179 miles traveled in 1988. The submarine has been laid up in Gremikha Bay since of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9673068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673068" title="Pronya River (Russia)">
Pronya River (Russia)

Pronya River () is a river in Ryazan and Tula Oblasts in Russia, a right tributary of the Oka River. The length of the river is 336 km. The area of its basin is 10,200 km². The river freezes up in late November and stays icebound until early March. The Pronya is navigable in its lower reaches. The town of Mikhailov is located on the Pronya River.

</doc>
<doc id="9673070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673070" title="Lost Canyons Golf Club">
Lost Canyons Golf Club

Lost Canyons Golf Club is a public golf facility located in Simi Valley, California, USA. It has two 18-hole golf courses named Sky and Shadow. 
Both courses were designed by Pete Dye with consulting help from Fred Couples, and were named "Top 10 Best New Courses" by "Golf Magazine" (2001 Sky and 2002 Shadow). The golf club was developed by Landmark Land Co. Inc, a leading developer of golf resort and residential communities.
Lost Canyons Golf Club has suffered from several natural disasters over the years because of its topography and proximity to natural dry-brush. It was the victim of a wild fire that caused the destruction of many wood bridges and floods from heavy-rains that also took out the very same bridges that had been replaced. 
The club survived and even flourished during this attack from mother-nature and while the course was under-construction re-opened with a modified 18-holes by combining both the Sky and Shadow courses from those holes that were both playable and accessible via pathway and bridge. Today, both the Sky and Shadow courses are open and fully operational. 
Lost Canyons LLC has filed a planned "conversion" proposal to replace one course with up to 364 upscale homes and turn the other course into a members-only private course.[http://www.simivalleyacorn.com/news/2007/0824/Community/013.html] This continues a recent trend among developers who have converted public courses into private development including Aliso Viejo Golf Club and Cypress Golf Club in California and the proposed Royal Links Golf Club in Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="9673079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673079" title="Nikola Bošković">
Nikola Bošković

Nikola Bošković (1642 – 18 September 1721) was a trader for the Republic of Ragusa who is best known as the father of Ruđer Bošković.
Life.
Franjo Rački wrote, based on a manuscript from the Franciscan library in Dubrovnik, that Nikola was the son of a Boško from Orahovo (Orahov Do, near Popovo polje, then Bosnia Eyalet, Ottoman Empire, present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina), and that the family had adopted the surname Bošković after his father.
Šime Ljubić, and later Milenko S. Filipović and Ljubo Mićević, wrote that his father's name was actually Matijaš (or Matija) which could be seen from marital permission which he gave to Nikola.
He had a brother, Petar (d. 1724).
Nikola came to Dubrovnik as a boy and his parents sent him to become a trader's apprentice for a wealthy trader called Rad Gleđević, who then dispatched him to Novi Pazar in the Ottoman Empire (today Sandžak, Serbia) to learn from the local traders. Bošković returned to Dubrovnik as a very wealthy man. His father then also moved to Dubrovnik.
His travels through Rascia were written down by a Jesuit priest Riggeputti as "Relazione della Provincia della Rassia", who was collecting material for his work Illyricum Sacrum, a history of Christianity in the Balkans. Bošković describes the historical and sacral monuments of Rascia including several Orthodox monasteries and royal palaces, and also comments on the sad state of Roman Catholic Church in these lands under the Turkish rule.
After settling down in Dubrovnik, Nikola married a daughter of a local notable of Italian origin, Paola Bettera (Pavica Betera). The two had eight children, the second youngest, Ruđer Bošković (Roger Boscovich), being the most famous.
Origin debate.
There is a debate on the ethnicity and origin of Nikola Bošković.
In 1910 Branislav Petronijević reviewed an article by Vladimir Varićak about Ruđer Bošković and stated that Ruđer Bošković's descent is "at least as much Serb as it is Croat" and that the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (in Belgrade) should collaborate with the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts (in Zagreb) to publish a reprint of all of Bošković's works to celebrate the 200th anniversary of his birth.
An English translation of Bošković's "Theory of Natural Philosophy" was published by the Open Court Publishing Company in 1922, prefaced by Branislav Petronijević's biography of Bošković. In 1925, Vladimir Varićak published a review of 
it, and criticized it extensively for various factual errors, among other things for asserting without references that the Bošković family was "of purely Servian origin", that Boško was "an orthodox Serbian peasant" and that Nikola became "a Roman Catholic" in Dubrovnik.
In 1995 a Montenegrin author named Slobodan Šćepanović published an article in the journal of the Institute of History of Montenegro where he claimed, based partly on "oral history", that Nikola Bošković converted to the Catholic faith from Orthodoxy, and that he was a descended from a Montenegrin clan.
In 2000, Serbian historian Marko Atlagić published a paper in a Univerzitet u Prištini journal in which he claimed numerous noble families from the Republic of Ragusa to be Serbian, including the Bošković's.
In 2012, the Serbian newspaper "Press" published an article claiming Nikola Bošković was a Serb, based partly on Serbian president Boris Tadić's claims that Ruđer Bošković was a "Serb Catholic". Croatian academics lambasted such claims, with Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts members saying Tadić "needed to learn something", and another saying it was beneath him to even comment on such a statement.

</doc>
<doc id="9673094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673094" title="Jean-Guihen Queyras">
Jean-Guihen Queyras

Jean-Guihen Queyras is a French cellist. He was born in Montreal, Canada on 11 March, 1967, and moved with his parents to Algeria when he was 5 years old; the family moved to France 3 years later. He is a professor at the Musikhochschule Freiburg and artistic co-director of the Rencontres Musicales de Haute-Provence. He won the Glenn Gould Protégé Prize in Toronto in 2002. 
Queyras has recorded for Harmonia Mundi, including the Dvorak cello concerto and 'Dumky' piano trio, and the complete cello suites of both Johann Sebastian Bach and Benjamin Britten. He recorded Haydn's and Monn's cello concertos on a period instrument with the Freiburger Barockorchester. He has also recorded the complete Vivaldi cello concertos with the Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin. His recordings have won distinctions such as Top CD - "BBC Music Magazine," "Diapason d'Or", CHOC du Monde de la Musique, 10 de Classica/Répertoire, and Editor's Choice from "Gramophone". 
His repertoire also encompasses more recent works, which he performs internationally: he gave the world premieres of Ivan Fedele's cello concerto (Orchestre National de France, Leonard Slatkin) and Gilbert Amy's concerto (Tokyo Symphony Orchestra at Suntory Hall in Tokyo). In September 2005, he premiered Bruno Mantovani's concerto with the Saarbrücken Radio Sinfonie Orchestra and Phillippe Schoeller's Wind's Eyes with the SWR Sinfonieorchester Baden-Baden and Freiburg.
Queyras is part of the Arcanto Quartet with Antje Weithaas, Daniel Sepec and Tabea Zimmermann. He plays a cello made in 1696 by Goffredo Cappa.

</doc>
<doc id="9673106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673106" title="Isotonic (exercise physiology)">
Isotonic (exercise physiology)

In an isotonic contraction, tension remains unchanged and the muscle's length changes. Lifting an object at a constant speed is an example of isotonic contractions. A near isotonic contraction is known as Auxotonic contraction.
There are two types of isotonic contractions: (1) concentric and (2) eccentric. In a concentric contraction, the muscle tension rises to meet the resistance, then remains the same as the muscle shortens. In eccentric, the muscle lengthens due to the resistance being greater than the force the muscle is producing. 
Concentric.
This type is typical of most exercise. The external force on the muscle is less than the force the muscle is generating - a "shortening" contraction. The effect is not visible during the classic biceps curl, which is in fact auxotonic because the resistance (the weight being lifted) does not remain the same through the exercise. Tension is highest at a parallel to the floor level, and eases off above and below this point. Therefore tension changes as well as muscle length
Eccentric.
There are two main features to note regarding eccentric contractions. First, the absolute tensions achieved can be very high relative to the muscle's maximum tetanic tension generating capacity (you can set down a much heavier object than you can lift). Second, the absolute tension is relatively independent of lengthening velocity. This suggests that skeletal muscles are very resistant to lengthening, thereby allowing very high levels of tension to develop as can occur in isometric exercise.
Muscle injury and soreness are selectively associated with eccentric contraction (Fridén et al. 1984; Evans et al. 1985; Fridén and Lieber, 1992). However, muscle strengthening may be greatest using exercises that involve eccentric contractions because high levels of tension generate the signals for muscle strengthening.
Auxotonic contraction.
This is almost an isotonic contraction because there is some fluctuation towards the end of the contraction. For example, the heart's ventricles contract to expel blood into the pulmonary artery and aorta. As the blood flows out, the previous built-up load is decreased and hence less force is required to expel the rest of the blood. Thus the tension is reduced.

</doc>
<doc id="9673119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673119" title="BBC Radio Sessions">
BBC Radio Sessions

BBC Radio Sessions is a compilation of live performances by British band The Bluetones on BBC Radio 1 between the years of 1994 and 2000.
The first thousand editions sold included a lyric sheet signed by Mark Morriss.
Morriss also penned the liner notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9673121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673121" title="Angelo Puppolo">
Angelo Puppolo

Angelo Puppolo is a politician from Springfield, Massachusetts. A Democrat, he currently serves as the 12 Hampden District Representative in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. 
He was elected to his first term in office in November 2006, defeating Wilbraham, Massachusetts Planning Board member Christopher Leisey, a Republican, in the general election. Prior to being elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives, Puppolo served as a City Councilor in Springfield, MA. Puppolo is an attorney who graduated from Western New England College School of Law in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9673124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673124" title="Para River (Russia)">
Para River (Russia)

Para River () is a river in Ryazan Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Oka River. The length of the river is 192 km. The area of its basin is 3,590 km². The Para freezes up in November and stays icebound until April.

</doc>
<doc id="9673125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673125" title="Steven S. Wildman">
Steven S. Wildman

Education.
Professor Steven Wildman holds a B.A. in economics from Wabash College, as well as a MA and PhD in the same field from Stanford University. Wildman joined Michigan State University in 1999. He is also a graduate from Warsaw Community High School in Warsaw, Indiana.
Current Position.
In August 1999, Steven S. Wildman became the Quello Center's first director, holding the endowed James H. Quello Chair for Telecommunication Studies, joined by Barbara A. Cherry as associate director and associate professor in the Department of Telecommunication. In 2001, Johannes M. Bauer joined the Center and is now its co-director.
Before coming to MSU and the Quello Center, Professor Wildman was associate professor of communication studies and Director of the Program in Telecommunications Science, Management and Policy, Northwestern University, assistant professor of economics at UCLA and senior economist, at Economists Incorporated. 
Wildman's research fields include media economics and policy (which also covers the internet and other new media), institutional underpinnings of law and regulation for communication industries, and universal service policy and formal models of communication processes. He is co-editor of The Journal of Media Economics.
Steve Wildman is the co-author or co-editor of five books, including Video Economics and Making Universal Service Policy, and numerous articles on economics and policy for communication industries. 
Wildman currently serves as Chief Economist at the Federal Communications Commission, a position he has held since December 2012. He holds this position while on leave from his position at Michigan State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9673127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673127" title="Frøydis Ree Wekre">
Frøydis Ree Wekre

Frøydis Ree Wekre (born 1941 in Oslo) is a Norwegian musician. She studied in Oslo, Sweden, Russia, and the United States. Originally a piano and violin player, Wekre did not take up the horn until age 17, having become fascinated with its sound. Her choice for the horn was also partly inspired by her having heard that it was a particularly difficult instrument to play. After only two years of studying horn with Wilhelm Lanzky-Otto and Vitaly Bujanovsky, she was invited to join the Norwegian Opera Orchestra. She obtained a post with the Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra in 1961, where she became co-principal horn in 1965. Wekre stayed with the orchestra until her retirement in 1991.
Wekre is horn and wind chamber music professor at the Norwegian Academy of Music. She is an active lecturer and participates in juries at international competitions. Her book "Thoughts on Playing the Horn Well" has been translated into several languages. Frøydis Ree Wekre has been an honorary member of the International Horn Society since 1994, where she served as president for two years.
Renowned as a teacher and performer, Wekre has given masterclasses and workshops throughout Europe and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="9673136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673136" title="Fidelio (disambiguation)">
Fidelio (disambiguation)

Fidelio is an opera by Beethoven.
Fidelio may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9673143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673143" title="Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum">
Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum

The Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum (ACAM) is a Canadian aerospace museum located in the Halifax Regional Municipality in the province of Nova Scotia.
It is the only museum devoted to preserving all aspects of Atlantic Canada's aviation heritage.
History.
The museum was established in 1975 by a volunteer organization named the Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum Society. ACAM was granted "Local Museum" status by the Government of Nova Scotia in 1989. The museum is currently the largest civilian and military aviation museum east of Ottawa, Ontario.
Location.
ACAM is located at 20, Sky Boulevard in Goffs, Nova Scotia, across Highway 102 from the Halifax - Robert L. Stanfield International Airport. It can be accessed from Exit 6 on Highway 102.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
Collection.
ACAM's collection contains exhibits of civilian and military aircraft, as well as engines, weapons, uniforms, and photos.
The museum volunteers perform all restoration work for aircraft on site.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9673148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673148" title="Silvina Bosco">
Silvina Bosco

Silvina Bosco is an Argentine actress.
Although she has worked more in television in series such as "Chiquititas" she has appeared in a number of popular Argentine films such as "Buenos Aires me mata" (1998), "La Fuga", "Animalada" and "Arregui, la noticia del día" (2001), and "Apasionados" in 2002.
In 2004 she appeared in the acclaimed films: "Conversaciones con mamá" and "Whisky Romeo Zulu."

</doc>
<doc id="9673150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673150" title="Rick Walker">
Rick Walker

Richard "Doc" Walker (born May 28, 1955) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League, who played for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Washington Redskins. He is currently a radio sports commentator.
Playing career.
Rick the "Doc" Walker played college football at UCLA and won the 1975 Rose Bowl Game with them.
He was drafted in the 4th round by the Bengals. He moved to the Redskins in 1980 and contributed to the team winning Super Bowl XVII.
Broadcasting career.
Walker currently covers sports during radio broadcasts in the Washington Metro Area. He co-hosts "Inside The Locker Room" with former Redskin Brian Mitchell and broadcaster Scott Jackson on ESPN 980. He hosts a weekly television show called "Doc Walker's ProView," which airs Sunday mornings on ESPN 980 and Tuesday evenings at 11pm on MASN. In 2011, he moved into the color analyst’s seat for radio broadcasts of Redskins games on ESPN 980 after previously serving as the sideline reporter.
Previously he had been a co-host on "The John Thompson Show" and "The Locker room with Doc Walker and Kevin Sheehan." He also appears in D.C. Lottery and BMW of Sterling commercials.
He previously worked for Westwood One as a color commentator for college football broadcasts and a sideline reporter and occasional color commentator for the NFL on Westwood One.
Up until the 2010 college football season, he was also the main color analyst for ACC football games for Raycom Sports with Steve Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="9673161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673161" title="Curetis siva">
Curetis siva

The Shiva's Sunbeam, "Curetis siva" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9673164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673164" title="Pythagoreion">
Pythagoreion

The Pythagoreion is an ancient fortified port in Samos, Greece. A nice and tranquil city with charter and yacht tourism as its main industry today. It has three ports with a new marina and a dock for ferries and passenger boats to other islands like Pathmos and to mainland Greece and Turkey. It contains ancient Greek and Roman monuments and a famous ancient tunnel, the Tunnel of Eupalinos or Eupalinian aqueduct. Along with the Heraion of Samos, the Pythagoreion was registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1992.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9673169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673169" title="Green Grass of Wyoming">
Green Grass of Wyoming

Green Grass of Wyoming is a 1948 American western drama film, directed by Louis King, starring Peggy Cummins and Charles Coburn. 
The screenplay, written by Martin Berkeley, is based on the third book in the popular, "My Friend Flicka" trilogy, written by Mary O'Hara. The movie follows the further adventures of the McLaughlin family who live on a horse ranch in Wyoming. 
The original cast from the first two films did not reprise their roles in the third.
Plot.
Beaver Greenway, a longtime horse owner with a drinking problem, is upset because one of his mares has been lured away by Thunderhead, the wild stallion that previously belonged to Rob and Nell McLaughlin. He goes to Goose Bar Ranch to complain, but the McLaughlins no longer have any control of the horse.
Ken McLaughlin returns home to his parents from a horse-buying trip with Crown Jewel, a trotter. Rob is skeptical about the purchase, more so when Crown Jewel develops altitude sickness in the Wyoming hills.
Ken goes on a date with Greenway's granddaughter Carey. A veterinarian advises Crown Jewel be put down due to its congested lungs, but Beaver Greenway, a former sulky driver, recommends a treatment that works.
Thunderhead returns and lifts the mare's spirits. Crown Jewel is taken to Ohio to compete in the Governor's Cup sweepstakes, where a newly sober Beaver has entered his own horse, Sundown. The rivals split the first two races. Carey is concerned that her grandfather will begin drinking again if he should lose the third and deciding race.
Sundown wins. But all of the McLaughlins are proud of Crown Jewel's effort, particularly when they learn she is pregnant.

</doc>
<doc id="9673188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673188" title="William R. Cotter (politician)">
William R. Cotter (politician)

William Ross (Bill) Cotter (July 18, 1926 – September 8, 1981) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut.
He was born in Hartford, Connecticut and graduated from Trinity College in 1949.
In 1953, he was elected to the city's court of common council and from 1955–1957 served as an aide to Governor Abraham Ribicoff. 
He then served as Connecticut's deputy insurance commissioner from 1957 to 1964 and as insurance commissioner from 1964 through 1970. 
He was elected as a Democrat to the Ninety-second and to the five succeeding Congresses and served from January 3, 1971, until his death in East Lyme, Connecticut on September 8, 1981. In 1982, the William R. Cotter Federal Building at Hartford was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9673215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673215" title="List of Administrators of Daman and Diu">
List of Administrators of Daman and Diu

The Union Territory of Daman and Diu has shared its administrator with Dadra and Nagar Haveli since its inception on 30 May 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9673216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673216" title="Curetis dentata">
Curetis dentata

The Toothed Sunbeam, "Curetis dentata" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9673217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673217" title="Sakurai's Object">
Sakurai's Object

Sakurai's Object (V4334 Sgr) is a star in the constellation of Sagittarius named after Yukio Sakurai, a Japanese amateur astronomer, who discovered it in 1996. It is a star which has undergone a Very Late Thermal Pulse.
Sakurai's Object is thought to be a red giant star that was previously a white dwarf; a Very Late Thermal Pulse occurred during the white dwarf phase and caused it to swell back to a giant configuration. These types of objects, of which only a handful have been observed, become hydrogen deficient and enriched in helium and other metals. It is expected that these stars will end up as helium rich white dwarves after retracing their evolution track from the "born-again" giant phase back to the white dwarf cooling track.
Sakurai's Object is one of only two stars observed during the high luminosity phase of a Very Late Thermal Pulse, the other being V605 Aquilae which was discovered in 1919. There are few other suspected "born-again" objects; one example being FG Sagittae.
Observation history.
An International Astronomical Union Circular sent on February 23, 1996 announced the discovery of a “possible ’slow’ nova” of magnitude 11.4 by Yukio Sakurai, an amateur astronomer. Japanese astronomer Syuichi Nakano reported the discovery, drawing attention to the fact that the object had not been visible in images from 1993 nor in Harvard–Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics records for the years 1930-1951 despite it appearing to slowly brighten over the previous year. Nakano wrote that “While the outburst a slow or symbiotic nova, the lack of obvious emission lines one year after brightening is very unusual.”
Following the initial announcement, Hilmar Duerbeck et al. published a study investigating the ‘possible final helium flash’ seen by Sakurai. In it, they noted that the location of Sakurai’s Object corresponded to a faint object detected in 1976 of magnitude 21, and discussed other observations in the years 1994-1996, by which time the magnitude had increased to around 11-15. By investigating the measured fluxes, angular diameter, and mass of the nebula, a distance of 5.5kpc and luminosity of 38L☉ was determined. The researchers noted that this was in agreement with appearance and model predictions and that the outburst luminosity was in the area of 3100 solar luminosities; lower than predicted by a factor of 3.
The first infrared observations were published in 1998, in which both near and far infrared spectroscopy was presented. The collected data showed Sakurai's Object brightening over the year of observations as expected and the researchers found that circumstellar dust was present at a temperature of ~680K. Further infrared data, taken using the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope, was published in 2000 in which findings of the changing absorption lines were discussed.
Properties.
Sakurai's Object is classed as a post-asymptotic giant branch star which has, following a brief period on the white dwarf cooling track, undergone a helium shell flash (also known as a very late thermal pulse). The star is thought to have a mass of around 0.6M☉.
Dust cloud.
During the second half of 1998 an optically thick dust shell obscured Sakurai's Object, causing a rapid decrease in visibility of the star, until in 1999 it disappeared from optical wavelength observations altogether. Infrared observations showed that the dust cloud around the star is primarily carbon in an amorphous form. In 2009 it was discovered that the dust shell is strongly asymmetrical, as a disc with a major axis oriented at an angle of 134°, and inclination of around 75°. The disc is thought to be growing more opaque due to the fast spectral evolution of the source towards lower temperatures.
Planetary nebula.
Sakurai's Object is surrounded by a planetary nebula created following the star's red giant phase around 8300 years ago. It has been determined that the nebula has a diameter of 44 arcseconds and expansion velocity of roughly 32 km/s.

</doc>
<doc id="9673219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673219" title="University Professorship (University of California)">
University Professorship (University of California)

The title of University Professor at the University of California is "reserved for scholars of international distinction who are recognized and respected as teachers of exceptional ability Unlike Distinguished Professorships, which are campus specific, recommendations for the appointment of a University Professor at the University of California are made by the President of the University of California, and all such appointments must be confirmed by the Regents of the University of California. Since 1960, there have been 38 faculty given the title of University Professor [http://www.universityofcalifornia.edu/facultystaff/universityprofessors.html.

</doc>
<doc id="9673220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673220" title="Carausius morosus">
Carausius morosus

Carausius morosus (the 'common', 'Indian' or 'laboratory' stick insect) is a species of Phasmatodea (phasmid) that is often kept by schools and individuals as pets. Culture stocks originate from an original collection from Tamil Nadu, India. Like the majority of the Phasmatodea, they are nocturnal. Culture stocks are parthenogenetic females that can reproduce without mating. There are no reports of males, although in captivity, gynandromorphs (individuals with both female and male characteristics) are sometimes reared.
Description.
Females are elongated and about 80–100 mm in length, ranging from a light green to a darkish brown in colour. The front legs have red patches at the base of the forelegs, and similar but yellow patches on the mid-legs. Eggs are ovoid and brown, with a beige plug at one end. When the eggs hatch, the plug opens and dark, tiny, string-like young crawl out of the opening. The eggs are haploid.
Behaviour.
When disturbed, the major defence method is feigning death, the body becoming rigid, and the legs held along the line of the body. Other times, they may be found swaying to mimick the movement of foliage in wind.
Feeding occurs at night, when the insects are active. During the day, they rest (often with legs in line with the body) on their food plants.
Care in captivity.
This is an easy species to rear, feeding on fresh privet, ivy or bramble. They need to be kept in a cage around 25 cm in height to allow for successful moulting. Females will lay eggs shortly after reaching adulthood, at the rate of several per night. These can be hatched by keeping them on dry paper towel, or in a dry dish. Eggs can take four months to hatch, depending on many factors, including temperature. This is species number one on the Phasmid Study Group Culture List.
Accidental introductions.
Accidental introductions have been recorded around the world, including South Africa, Great Britain and the USA; where in some cases they have become a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="9673241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673241" title="World Trade Center in popular culture">
World Trade Center in popular culture

Music.
The towers can also be seen in The Statler Brother's music video "You've been like a mother to me.

</doc>
<doc id="9673249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673249" title="Tyosha River">
Tyosha River

Tyosha () is a river in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Oka River. The length of the river is 311 km. The area of its basin is 7,800 km². The Tyosha freezes up in November - first half of December and stays icebound until the second half of March - first half of April. Its biggest tributary is the Seryozha River. The city of Arzamas is located on the Tyosha River.

</doc>
<doc id="9673252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673252" title="United States Court for China">
United States Court for China

The United States Court for China was a United States district court that had extraterritorial jurisdiction over U.S. citizens in China. It existed from 1906 to 1943 and had jurisdiction in civil and criminal matters, with appeals taken to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco. 
History.
Before the establishment of the United States Court for China, U.S. citizens were tried in the U.S. Consular Courts in China. The United States Court for China was similar in structure to the British Supreme Court for China that had been established in Shanghai in 1865.
Establishment of Court.
The court was established in 1906 and located in the Shanghai International Settlement. The District had only one judge, and those on trial sometimes had to wait months for proceedings. 
The Court was supposed to apply United States law in China. This led to severe difficulties because U.S. federal law did not cover many criminal offenses or civil matters (which were normally provided for by U.S. state law). Even worse, U.S. civil procedure in actions at law (i.e., most lawsuits for monetary damages) in U.S. federal courts was also normally provided for by state law from the enactment of the Conformity Act of 1872 to the promulgation of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in 1938. Although the "state" (i.e., China) in which the court sat did have its own legal system, there was never any serious consideration given to applying traditional Chinese law in the Court. 
The solution that was found to this conundrum was to apply Alaskan law or District of Columbia law, which were deemed to be United States law. Judge Lobingier gave detailed evidence on the workings of, and application of law by, the court and extraterritoriality in China to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs in 1917. 
Because the court was based outside of the United States, the United States Constitution did not apply; there was no right to a jury trial nor to constitutional due process.
Closing of Court.
The United States Consulate and Court in Shanghai were occupied by the Japanese on 8 December 1941 at the beginning of the Pacific War. The Judge and other staff were interned for 6 months before being repatriated. Americans continued to enjoy extraterritorial rights in those parts of China not occupied by the Japanese. 
On 11 January 1943, the US and China signed a Treaty Relinquishing Extraterritorial Rights. The treaty was ratified in May 1943 and came into force then.
Final Case.
The very last case before the court was heard in Chungking (Chongqing) starting on 14 January 1943. Boatner Carney of the Flying Tigers was prosecuted for manslaughter before Special Judge Bertrand E Johnson. Carney was convicted of unlawful killing and sentenced to two years imprisonment. He was pardoned 6 months later by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Judges of the United States Court for China.
Two individuals were also appointed Special Judges of the Court to try cases when the Judge was not available. They were:

</doc>
<doc id="9673253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673253" title="Ringwood–Belgrave Rail Trail">
Ringwood–Belgrave Rail Trail

__NOTOC__
The Ringwood - Belgrave Rail Trail is a shared-use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Belgrave railway line from the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail in Ringwood to Belgrave railway station in Belgrave, in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
This trail is known to be a convenient and popular trail as it connects with various other trails in the area as well as being directly serviced by eight railway stations on the Belgrave railway line along its 19.2 km route.
Following the trail.
Despite the trail being marked in several publications and on cycle route websites, the trail has minimal directional signage, so it is best to have a map of the trail on hand if they are unfamiliar.
Ringwood - Bayswater.
Starting in Ringwood and ending in Belgrave, the trail begins as a turn-off from the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail near the Ringwood Bypass underpass in Ringwood, before the trail travels on a short 250 m section of local streets before a short path goes to the Maroondah Highway / Ringwood Bypass / Mount Dandenong Road intersection. The trail resumes at the south-east corner of this intersection before travelling through Ringwood Lake and crossing the Lilydale railway line before travelling through Bedford Reserve on a sealed access road.
The trail now follows Bedford Road east for 170 m, which can be traversed either on-road or via the roadside footpaths and the pedestrian traffic lights outside Ringwood Secondary College. The trail takes a right and runs south down Lena Grove for 360 m before the off-road shared path resumes at the cul-de-sac. The trail now follows the Belgrave railway line on the eastern side until Heathmont railway station, before the trail swaps to the western side of the railway at Canterbury Road. The trail now goes downhill to H.E. Parker reserve in Heathmont. Using the reserve access road heading south, a left turn at the footbridge over the Dandenong Creek takes you to the Dandenong Creek Trail. At this point, the Ringwood - Belgrave Rail Trail and the Dandenong Creek Trail share the same path for 835m east before the trails branch off from each other. A right turn immediately after the tunnel under the railway then takes you south along the eastern side of the railway line towards Mountain Highway and Bayswater railway station.
Bayswater - Upper Ferntree Gully.
Around Bayswater railway station, the trail runs past the bus stops and the station car park, which usually creates a congested environment with many pedestrian and vehicular movements, so care needs to be taken when traversing this section. The Department of Transport is currently (2008) working with Knox City Council on an alternative route through the station car park. The trail then continues on the western side of the railway until Bayswater Road, where the trail then switches back to the eastern side. The trail then travels uninterrupted to Boronia railway station where the user has to cautiously navigate through the Boronia Junction Shopping Centre car park to reach the Boronia Road / Dorset road intersection. The trail resumes on the south-east corner of the intersection, where it once again follows the railway on the eastern side. The turn-off for the Blind Creek Trail is encountered halfway between Boronia and Ferntree Gully. Once reaching Ferntree Gully railway station, the trail travels through the station car park to the level crossing, where the trail resumes. After crossing at the Alpine Street / Station Street / The Avenue intersection, the trail contuinues south on the western side of the railway, with a scenic footbridge over Forest Road before the trail arrives at pedestrian traffic lights at Burwood Highway in Upper Ferntree Gully. A short 400 m shared use path takes the user to the entrance to Upper Ferntree Gully railway station while crossing at the traffic lights takes you further along the trail.
Upper Ferntree Gully - Belgrave.
The trail now travels south on a shared use path alongside Forest Oak Drive before arriving at the turn-off for the Ferny Creek Trail. A left turn then takes you east through the area immediately south of Victoria. Most of this section runs along shared-use paths alongside local streets. Upon reaching the railway bridge over Burwood Highway, the trail runs east alongside native trees and shrubs between the northern side of the railway and the southern side of Burwood Highway. This takes the user to Upwey and Upwey railway station. Staying on the northern side of the railway, the trail continues to run alongside Burwood Highway until Glenfern Road, where the trail leaves the highway and follows the railway once again until arriving at the end of Campbell street in Tecoma. A 130 m trip along Campbell Street and a right turn down McNicol Road leads to an immediate right turn to Tecoma railway station while an immediate left turn is where the trail continues. A short trip down this final section of shared use path leads to the back of the Belgrave strip shops where a short 220 m on-road trip down Blacksmiths Way east leads to the entrance to Belgrave railway station, where the trail finishes.
Connections.
Travelling downhill, from south to north, the Ferny Creek Trail is encountered first, then the Blind Creek Trail, then the Dandenong Creek Trail and finally the upper Mullum Mullum Creek Trail.
The start of the Birds Land Reserve to Lysterfield Park Trail starts near the Belgrave Rail Trail. Leave the trail at Tecoma railway station and head south down McNicol Road, arriving at the reserve 2.5 km later. Alternatively leave from Belgrave railway station and head south, down the Belgrave-Hallam Road. Turn right (west) at Kaola Street 600 m later cross the very small reserve to Apsley Rd. Continue down Apsley Rd and turn left at McNicol Road, cross the bridge and arrive at Birds Land reserve, 3 km all up.
The south end of the Birds Land Reserve to Lysterfield Park Trail starts at the very south end of Lysterfield Park, just 4.5 km by quiet roads from the Hallam Bypass Trail. Leave the Hallam Bypass Trail using the freeway underpass 400 m west of Ernst Wanke Road. Follow the shared path, than travel along Drysdale Road and Heathdale Road. At the small roundabout turn left (north) up Glenwood Road. Cross Belgrave-Hallam Road and continue north up Jacques Road. Turn left (west) at Heatherton Road and then right (north) up Reservoir Road.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9673269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673269" title="Hama Photo">
Hama Photo

With 18,000 products, the Hama GmbH & Co KG is one of the world’s leading accessory manufacturers specialising in a number of areas including photo, video, audio, multimedia, computer and telecommunications. The company also acts as a distributor of various product ranges. Hama employs around 2500 people all over the world, 1500 employees work at the headquarters in Monheim, Bavaria/Germany. Hama is represented by 17 subsidiaries and numerous commercial agencies in Europe and beyond.
Among the products Hama manufacture are:
along with various computer accessories including peripherals and USB, Firewire, and Ethernet cables and other miscellaneous items.
History.
In 1923, the 18-year-old photographer Martin Hanke founded the Hamaphot KG (limited partnership) in Dresden which was specialized in photo accessories. When Dresden was bombarded in the Second World War, the company was destroyed. It was rebuilt in Monheim in 1945. In 1958, the first synchronized flash powder device was presented, in 1972 the world’s first automatic film splicer. Three years later, the “Hamafix” slide mounting system came onto the market. In 1990, Hama established their UK branch Hama PVAC Ltd. (Hama Photo, Video, Audio, Communications) and are UK distributor for Celestron, Tasco, Sandisk, Vivitar and Koss products. In 1991, Hama launched the “Videocut 200” which - according to company representatives – was the most frequently sold video editing device in Europe at that time. In 1993, the company name changed from Hamaphot to Hama. Two years later, the “MobileSafe” mobile phone holder was put on the market. In 1998, the company celebrated its seventy-fifth anniversary.
Today, the product range does not only comprise articles for photo and video applications, but also accessories from the areas of audiovisual, multimedia, game console, telecommunications and from a number of more areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9673272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673272" title="Erica Shaffer">
Erica Shaffer

Erica Shaffer (born March 6) is an American actress who has worked in independent films and television.
Some of the films include "A Family Affair", "The Truth is Always Complicated", "The Fall", "Catalina Trust", "The Socratic Method", "Three on a Match" and "West Coast".
A few of Shaffer's television credits include guest star and recurring roles on "Days of Our Lives", "Valentine", "Eleventh Hour", "The Secret Life of the American Teenager", "CSI Miami", "Las Vegas", "The King of Queens", "Windfall", "Young and the Restless", "Charmed", "Mind of Mencia", "Clubhouse", "Fight for Fame", "Silk Stalkings", "Veronica's Closet", "Nightman" and "Pensacola". She has been host of shows such as "Vacation Challenge" on The Travel Channel and "Cafe Sound" on Access Entertainment Network.
Shaffer has been in over 200 commercials in the last seven years and has also been the host of the web series Personal Injury Network.
Shaffer is a voice over artist for animation and has an array of "characters" to her credit including the lead heroines and villains in Pioneer LDC's "Nazca", "I My Me Strawberry Eggs", "Paranoia Agent" and "The Amazing Nurse Nanako". She has also done voice overs for radio commercials as well as documentaries for The Learning Channel and The History Channel.
Shaffer received a BFA in Acting from the University of Arizona. Roles from her theater career at The Laguna Playhouse include, "Ruth" from Harvey - starring Charles Durning. Other favorite roles in theater include "Portia" from the Merchant of Venice, "Myrhhine", from Lysistrata, "Joanne" from Come Back to the 5 and Dime Jimmy Dean and "Rose of Sharon" from The Grapes of Wrath. In San Diego Shaffer played "Hyacinth" in "Scapan" directed by William Ball.
She is a member of the Screen Actors Guild, American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, and Actors' Equity Association.
Shaffer is a private speech and acting coach with her own practice on the Westside of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9673279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673279" title="Animals (film)">
Animals (film)

Animals is the title of a performance by British comedian Ricky Gervais. It was filmed at the Bloomsbury Theatre, London, United Kingdom in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9673296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673296" title="Karin Roten Meier">
Karin Roten Meier

Karin Roten Meier (born January 27, 1976 in Leukerbad) is a retired Swiss alpine skier. She won two FIS Alpine Ski World Cup races in her career.

</doc>
<doc id="9673308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673308" title="Subspace Encounter">
Subspace Encounter

Subspace Encounter is a 1983 science fiction novel by E. E. Smith, a posthumously published sequel to his "Subspace Explorers".
Synopsis.
The book describes two "spaces" that exist simultaneously in the universe, each of three spatial dimensions, and each occupied by human beings of roughly equal technological standing. The people in the two "spaces" have no awareness of each other, but each has developed faster-than-light transportation that relies on navigation through a fourth dimension that the two spaces share. Through their joint use of the fourth dimension, psychics (called "psiontists") in the two spaces become aware of each other, and meet to exchange technologies. The residents of one of the spaces use their superior weaponry and psychic abilities to help the residents of the other defeat a Hitler-like leader who plans to kill or enslave all those who do not belong to his "Garshan" race.
The book was published almost twenty years after Smith's death, and edited by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach.

</doc>
<doc id="9673324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673324" title="Electron beam-induced deposition">
Electron beam-induced deposition

Electron beam-induced deposition (EBID) is a process of decomposing gaseous molecules by electron beam leading to deposition of non-volatile fragments onto a nearby substrate. The electron beam is usually provided by a scanning electron microscope that results in high spatial accuracy (below one nanometer) and possibility to produce free-standing, three-dimensional structures.
Process.
Focused electron beam of scanning electron microscope (SEM) or scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM) is commonly used. Focused ion beam can be applied instead, but then the process is called ion beam-induced deposition (IBID). The precursor material is gas, liquid or solid. Liquid or solids are gasified prior to deposition, usually through vaporization or sublimation, and introduced, at accurately controlled rate, into the high-vacuum chamber of electron microscope. Alternatively, solid precursor is sublimated by the electron beam itself. 
When deposition occurs at high temperature or involves corrosive gases, specially designed deposition chamber is used; it is isolated from the microscope, and the beam is introduced into it through a micrometre-sized orifice. Small orifice size maintains differential pressure in the microscope (vacuum) and deposition chamber (no vacuum). Such deposition mode has been used for EBID of diamond.
The electron beam is scanned over desired shape resulting in deposition of material. The scanning is usually computer controlled. The deposition rate depends on the partial pressure and is of the order 10 nm/s.
Deposition mechanism.
SEM or STEM electrons have energy too high (typically between 10 and 300 keV) to efficiently break molecular bonds. Therefore decomposition occurs via a two-step process: any materials (substrate, holders or the material that has already been deposited) near the deposition spot absorb primary electrons and re-emit secondary electrons having a wide spectrum of energies (of the order 1 keV) and angles. Secondary electrons decompose the precursor molecules.
Spatial resolution.
Primary STEM electrons can be focused into spots as small as ~0.045 nm. However, the smallest structures deposited so far by EBID are dots of ~0.7 nm diameter. The reason for reduced resolution is wide angular range of secondary electrons, and there is no straightforward way to overcome this problem.
Materials and precursors.
The range of materials deposited by EBID currently (sept. 2008) includes Al, Au, amorphous carbon, diamond, Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, GaAs, GaN, Ge, Mo, Nb, Ni, Os, Pd, Pt, Rh, Ru, Re, Si, Si3N4, SiOx, TiOx, W, and is being expanded. The limiting factor is availability of appropriate precursors, gaseous or having low sublimation temperature. 
The most popular precursors for deposition of elemental solids are metal carbonyls of Me(CO)x structure or metallocenes. They are easily available, but produce carbon contamination. Metal-halogen complexes (WF6, etc.) result in cleaner deposition, but they are toxic and corrosive. Compound materials are deposited from specially crafted, exotic gases, e.g. D2GaN3 for GaN.
Ion beam-induced deposition.
Ion beam-induced deposition (IBID) is very similar to EBID with the major difference that focused ion beam, usually 30 keV Ga+, is used instead of the electron beam. In both techniques, it is not the primary beam, but secondary electrons which cause the deposition. IBID has the following disadvantages as compared to EBID:
The advantages of IBID are:
Shapes.
Nanostructures of virtually any 3-dimensional shape can be deposited using computer-controlled scanning of electron beam. Only the starting point has to be attached to the substrate, the rest of the structure can be free standing. The achieved shapes and devices are remarkable: 

</doc>
<doc id="9673326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673326" title="Rip Curl Pro">
Rip Curl Pro

Formerly the Bells Beach Surf Classic, The Rip Curl Pro is an ASP World Tour surfing competition held in and around Torquay, Victoria. The event is based at Bells Beach, Victoria, Australia. The event winner is awarded the prestigious 'Bell' trophy.
The song "Hells Bells" by AC/DC is played every morning before the first competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9673339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673339" title="Old Perlican Island">
Old Perlican Island

Old Perlican Island is an island in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, lying off the coast from the community of Old Perlican. It is the nesting ground of many Atlantic sea birds such as the Leach's Storm-Petrel and Black-legged Kittiwake.
The island and surrounding bathymetry is a navigation barrier to ships with a draft over 2 fathoms entering the port of Old Perlican. Residents of Old Perlican use the island as a grazing ground for sheep in the spring and summer seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="9673350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673350" title="Gerald Freedman">
Gerald Freedman

Gerald Freedman (born June 25, 1927) was an American theatre director, librettist, and lyricist, and a college dean.
Life and career.
Freedman was born in Lorain, Ohio and educated at Northwestern University under Alvina Krause and others. He earned both BA and MA degrees there. He began his career as assistant director of such projects as "Bells Are Ringing", "West Side Story", and "". His first credit as a Broadway director was the 1961 musical "The Gay Life". Additional Broadway credits include the 1964 and 1980 revivals of "West Side Story", "The Incomparable Max" (1971), Arthur Miller's "The Creation of the World and Other Business" (1972), the 1975 and 1976 productions of "The Robber Bridegroom", both of which garnered him Drama Desk Award nominations as Outstanding Director of a Musical, "The Grand Tour" (1979) with Joel Grey, and "The School for Scandal" (1995) with Tony Randall. He was also the off-Broadway director of the rock musical "Hair" when it premiered at the Public Theater.
Freedman also wrote the book and lyrics for, as well as directed, the Broadway production of "A Time for Singing", the short-lived 1966 musical adaptation of "How Green Was My Valley".
Freedman was leading artistic director (1960-1967) and artistic director (1967-1971) of Joseph Papp's New York Shakespeare Festival, artistic director of the Great Lakes Theater Festival in Cleveland, Ohio (1985-1997), and co-artistic director of John Houseman’s The Acting Company (1974-1977). He taught at Yale School of Drama and the Juilliard School. He was Dean of the Drama School at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts (1991-2012). He was the first American ever invited to direct at the Globe Theatre in London.
He is a member of the Kennedy Center New Play Committee and the College of Fellows of the American Theatre. He participates in the Oomoto Institute, Kameoka, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9673363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673363" title="McLaughlin Award">
McLaughlin Award

The Lt. Donald McLaughlin Jr. Award — also known as the "Don McLaughlin Award" — has been given annually since 1973 by the United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (USILA) to the NCAA's most outstanding college lacrosse midfielder. The award is presented to the best midfielder in Division I, Division II, and — until recently — Division III. The outstanding midfielder in Division III now receives the new "Fran McCall Award". Also, the new "Long Pole Midfielder of the Year" award is given in Divisions II and III.
The award is named after LTJG Donald Clay MacLaughlin, Jr, USN, United States Naval Academy (USNA), Class of 1963, an All-American midfielder for Navy, who died on a combat mission in South Vietnam in 1966. MacLaughlin was a leading midfielder and scorer on three consecutive Division 1 National Championship Navy Lacrosse Teams ('61, '62, '63), and First Team All-American. He was also an All-American and Captain of the 1963 Navy Soccer team, leading Navy to its first appearance in the final NCAA Division-1 championship game. As USNA's best athlete, "Mac" was awarded the U.S. Naval Academy's most prestigious, athletic award, "The Sword", presented by the Naval Academy Athletic Association (NAAA).

</doc>
<doc id="9673370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673370" title="Lara Magoni">
Lara Magoni

Lara Magoni (born January 29, 1969 in Selvino) is a retired Italian alpine skier. 
Biography.
She was the silver medal winner at the 1997 Alpine World Ski Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9673386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673386" title="Huff Run">
Huff Run

Huff Run is a 9.9 mile (15.9 km) long tributary of the Conotton Creek in eastern Ohio within Sandy Township (Tuscarawas County) and Rose Township (Carroll County). Conotton Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River via the Tuscarawas River and the Muskingum River. Mineral City is the only incorporated town within the Huff Run Watershed.
The mouth of the stream is at 875 feet altitude.
Dover Dam , downstream on the Tuscarawas River, is normally dry, but can inundate this waterway to a pool elevation of 916 feet for downstream flood control by the Corp of Engineers. This can cause flooding and closure of Route 800 south of Mineral City and other roads out of the village. The stream gauge south of Mineral City is at 886.98 feet, and is rendered inoperable when reservoir elevation exceeds that.
History.
The first recognized settler of Sandy Township was Godfrey Huff who Huff Run was named after. Records show that he was from Bedford County, Pennsylvania. In May 1805 he purchased a tract of 1,000 acres (4 km²) in the southwest corner of the third quarter of Township 10, Range 1, or the southwest corner of Sandy Township, embracing also the corner of Lawrence across the river from Godfrey Haga, for $1,062.50. Old settlers have assigned the year 1803 as the date of his emigration to this tract, but historical societies have found evidence that he was here in 1801. Mr. Huff was a man of large frame, and wore the broad-brimmed hat and the garb of the Dunkard Brethren church, of which he was a member. He is said to have raised many hogs on the river bottoms, driven them to Detroit, Michigan for sale, and used the proceeds to pay for his land. He had five sons—Michael, Henry, Samuel, Frederick and Andrew. Most of the boys subsequently emigrated to Iowa. Godfrey Huff died in Sandy Township about 1825.
See Native American History and additional early settlement history at the Tuscarawas County Wikipedia entry.
Pollution.
Huff Run has been badly affected by acid mine drainage (AMD) as well as illegal open dumping, raw sewage entering the stream due to improperly maintained septic systems and sewer systems, poor riparian buffer zones, some poor agriculture land management practices and over extraction of oil and gas within the watershed.
The Huff Run Watershed Restoration Partnership sponsored by Rural Action [http://ruralaction.org, has been working since 1996 to address water quality issues in the Huff Run watershed. As of 2009, the partnership had received and spent about 6.2 million dollars in state and federal grant money to reduce the impact of acid mine drainage on the watershed. They currently oversee the development and management of over 16 major acid mine drainage reclamation projects.
See also.
List of Ohio rivers

</doc>
<doc id="9673397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673397" title="Trinity Road (police station)">
Trinity Road (police station)

Trinity Road Police Station is the headquarters of the "Trinity Sector", or just "Trinity", of the Avon and Somerset Constabulary in Lawrence Hill, Bristol.
It was formed out of two previous sectors: "Ashley Sector" (St Pauls, Montpelier, Kingsdown, Cotham & Eastville) and "Lawrence Hill/Easton Sector" (Lawrence Hill, Easton, St Phillips, Redfield, Whitehall, Barton Hill, St Judes, Eastville & Redcliffe).
It was announced in April 2014 that the station is to be closed. 

</doc>
<doc id="9673398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673398" title="Eddie Edwards (American football)">
Eddie Edwards (American football)

Eddie Edwards (born April 25, 1954) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League.
Edwards was born in Sumter, South Carolina and raised in Fort Pierce, Florida. He played high school football at Fort Pierce Central High School. He attended the University of Miami, where he was a consensus All-American defensive end. In 1976, he was awwarded the Jack Harding Memorial Award as the most valuable player for the Hurricanes, as selected by coaches vote.
Edwards was drafted in the first round of the 1977 NFL Draft, the third overall selection, by the Cincinnati Bengals. He played for the Bengals for 12 seasons from 1977 until his retirement in 1988. During that time, he recovered 17 fumbles and set a franchise record with 83.5 sacks. However, only 47.5 of those sacks are "official", as the NFL did not consider sacks an official statistic until 1982. His 47.5 official sacks are still a Bengals franchise record to this day.
Edwards was inducted into the University of Miami Sports Hall of Fame in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9673413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673413" title="Juan José Jusid">
Juan José Jusid

Juan José Jusid (born September 28, 1941) is an Argentine film director and screenwriter.
Jusid was born in Buenos Aires. He started his professional career as an actor, puppeteer and stage photographer in the 1960s then switched to film studies at the Association of Short Film Directors.
He turned director and screenwriter in 1968 and has directed acclaimed films such as "Bajo Bandera" (1997), "Un Argentino en New York" (1998) and "Apasionados" (2002).
His films starring actor Miguel Ángel Solá have won a number of Silver Condor awards such as "Asesinato en el senado de la nación" (1984) and "Bajo Bandera" (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="9673419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673419" title="SK postcode area">
SK postcode area

The SK postcode area, also known as the Stockport postcode area, is a group of postcode districts covering the post towns of Alderley Edge, Buxton, Cheadle, Dukinfield, Glossop, High Peak, Hyde, Macclesfield, Stalybridge, Stockport and Wilmslow in England.
The majority of the area lies in the Stockport and Cheshire East districts.
__TOC__
Coverage.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:
! SK1
! SK2
! SK3
! SK4
! SK5
! SK6
! SK7
! SK8
! SK9
! SK9
! SK10
! SK11
! SK12
! SK13
! SK14
! SK15
! SK16
! SK17
! SK22
! SK23
The HIGH PEAK post town (SK22 and SK23 districts) was created in 1996 from part of the STOCKPORT post town (SK12 district).

</doc>
<doc id="9673447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673447" title="Jenő Rejtő">
Jenő Rejtő

Jenő Rejtő (born Jenő Reich 1905, died 1943; pseudonyms: P. Howard, Gibson Lavery) was a Hungarian journalist, pulp fiction writer and playwright who died as a forced labourer during World War II. He was born in Budapest, Austria-Hungary, on March 29, 1905, and died in Evdakovo, Voronezh Oblast, Soviet Union (then under Axis occupation) on January 1, 1943.Despite the "pulp" nature of his writings, he is not only widely read in Hungary, but is also much appreciated by literary critics. It is a prevalent opinion that he lifted the genre to the level of serious art, and his works will long outlive him.[2
Biography.
Jenő Rejtő completed his studies in a drama school in 1924, after which he travelled extensively throughout Europe. Returning to Hungary, he made his living as a playwright, often with great success, such as with his operetta, Aki mer, az nyer (Who Dares Wins, 1934).
Later, he started to write adventure novels based on his trips and experiences abroad. His novels were raised above mediocrity by his inimitable and bizarre sense of humour. His novels parodying the French Foreign Legion, written under the pseudonym P. Howard, reaped the greatest success. He also wrote a large number of cabaret farces and edited a newspaper, Nagykörút, which, however, was published just once. His most appreciated novels are stories unifying elements from detective novels and romance, always including a unique sense of humour. He also wrote novels in the tradition of American Westerns.
Starting in 1939, he could not publish his novels any more under his own name because of his Jewish origins needed. On October 9, 1942, an article in the Nazi Arrow Cross Party’s newspaper (Egyedül Vagyunk Are Alone) exposed Rejtő as a Jew and reported that he was seen writing calmly in Budapest cafés while evading the labour service draft that was compulsory for Jewish men of military age (they were forbidden to perform arm-bearing service in the military)He was seriously ill by this time but was taken by force from hospital to do his labour service on the eastern front, into the Soviet Union, where he shortly died of typhus.[1,4
Legacy.
In the early years of communism his works were only available on the black market as pre-war editions, but from the 1960s on, his novels were republished, and they gained instant popularity in Hungary (then still under communist rule). They elicit a cult following to this day. Some of his works have been made into films and comic books. Rejtő’s comic book adaptations by Pál Korcsmáros (1916-1975) are regarded as classics in their own right in Hungary.While a writer, he was a regular customer at the Cafe Japan (Japán kávéház) in Budapest, which was near Nova, his publisher. He paid for his coffee with lines written on napkins, which in turn were taken to Nova, where they were purchased and collated.[6
Rejtő's memory is kept alive in Budapest in various ways: in 2001 a street was named after him,while in 2003 there was an exhibition dedicated to him in the The Petőfi Museum of Literature (Petőfi Irodalmi Múzeum).[8 In 2005 his picture appeared on a Hungarian postage stamp, part of the series "Great Hungarians", and there is an initiative to erect his statue in Budapest.
Works.
The original Hungarian editions of Rejtő's numerous works—the most famous of which are his Foreign Legion books and his "Dirty Fred" series—were already in the public domain in the 1990s. However, since Hungary implemented the EU copyright extension retroactively in 1999, Rejtő's works became again subject to copyright when sold in EU countries (but not in other countries); they entered the public domain everywhere on 1 January 2014 (70 years after the next 1 January following the author's death).
English translations of some of his works are available online:
Other works (selection)

</doc>
<doc id="9673462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673462" title="Marianne Kjørstad">
Marianne Kjørstad

Marianne Kjørstad (born March 27, 1970 in Oslo) is a retired Norwegian alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9673468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673468" title="Finerribbon">
Finerribbon

FinerRibbon, A division of Multicolor Enr., is a Canadian based ribbon manufacturer and wholesaler of satin, grosgrain, and organza ribbon and ribbon related merchandise.
History.
FinerRibbon was established as a division of Multicolor Enr. in January 2000. Initially, it was located in the city of Laval, QC, Canada, however as its market share increased due to the success of its business model, the division moved to larger premises in downtown Montreal on 4225 Saint Dominique street.
Business model.
Originally wholesalers to the national garment manufacturing industry, with the outsourcing of garment manufacturing to more competitive markets, FinerRibbon changed their business model and pioneered a new model where the same ribbon resources once available to corporate manufacturers, were now available to the retail sector of the market. Resources such as upcoming color trends, new designs as well as new material were now instantly available to the retail sector as soon as successfully prototyped or established as upcoming trends in both the garment as well as decoration industries.
This strategy coincided with the upsurge of scrapbooking hobbyists and professionals embracing the internet's vast resources to create better and varied projects and this placed FinerRibbon in the unique position of providing quality merchandise to this once emerging and presently booming market as well.
Contributions.
FinerRibbon has contributed ribbon for numerous awareness ribbon campaigns both in Canada and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9673500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673500" title="Winternats">
Winternats

The Winternats is a competitive on-road gas powered radio controlled car race attended by racers from around the world. It is held annually in Fort Myers, Florida at the Lee County Civic Center, usually in the month of February. The Winternats is one of the oldest major R/C car racing events.
This event is sanctioned by the Radio Operated Auto Racing, or ROAR of North America and Canada. ROAR rules are followed. On-road gas (nitro) powered classes are 1/8 scale open, 1/8 scale masters and 1/10 scale sedan.
History.
The first Winternats.
The first Winternats was held in Miami, Florida in 1972. It was organized 
and put on by the South Florida R/C Car Club. The club had a temporary track that was striped and sealed on the side of a Levitz Furniture store parking lot. Two of the local hobby shops supported the club. Crown Hobbies paid for the site insurance and Orange Blossom Hobbies furnished the trophies. A few of the members came up with the idea of putting on a "BIG" race. From that idea of a "BIG" race the club started a monthly newsletter that was mailed out nationally. The ‘local’ club became known on a National level. Not knowing when to have this "BIG" race or what to call it, somewhere the idea came up to have a Winternationals. The club decided to capitalize on the great weather and the Annual King Orange Jamboree, a long standing Miami tradition at that time. The club checked with the King Orange Committee, they had no problems with the club using their name and the "BIG" race was on. January, 1972 the 1st Annual King Orange Winternationals was to be held in sunny South Florida! The club put this in their Newsletter with the entry applications, and entries literally poured in from all over the country. This was the "first" R/C Winternationals in the country. The first winner was John Thorpe of Pomona California, driving a belt driven car that he manufactured, called the Thorpe Car. Other attendees were Art Carbonell and the Campbells of Delta and Dick Dobson of Marker. The trophies were silver bowls filled with oranges.
Early years.
The South Florida R/C Car Club in Miami held the first races from 1972 to 1975. At that time there were no nitro sedans, impacts, or 4WD pivot ball cars. It was all 2WD 1/8 scale pan cars (made by Delta, Associated, Marker Machine) powered by K&B or OPS .21 engines. 
In 1976, the event was moved to the parking lot of a Howard Johnson’s in Orlando, Florida. This coincided with the starting of the Florida On-Road Gas State Series. In the early 80s, the race took place at the first permanent track in Florida, located at the Orlando airport. Kim Davis was the race director.
The race really started to become well known around the world when top European drivers and IFMAR representatives began to attend.
Fort Myers.
Bob Rule of Bolink asked Jim Rice, the President of the Fort Myers R/C Car Club, to take over running the race and the race was moved to Fort Myers. In 1988 and 1989 the event took place at a semi-permanent location at the Edison Mall in downtown Ft. Myers. Since 1990 the race has been held at the Lee County Civic Center. The warm Florida weather during the middle of the winter helped to increase the popularity, since most nitro R/C racers couldn't race during the winter months. With drivers from around the world attending and manufacturers competing with their latest innovations, the race used the slogan 'Test Track to the World'.
Race name.
The race was first called the ‘King Orange Winternationals’. In a few years, the race was promoted as the ‘Winter Nationals’. In the 1980s, the race was briefly known as ‘The Miller’ because of a sponsorship from the Miller Brewing Company. ROAR did not sanction the race in 1988 due to a disagreement over the naming of the race. Private insurance for the race was purchased by the Fort Myers R/C Car Club (FMRC) and a new name, the ‘Southern Gas Championship Race’ was used. Next year (1989) ROAR and FMRC came to an agreement on naming the race the ‘Winternats’. ROAR was again the insurer and sanctioning body. The race was promoted under both the Winternats and Southern Gas Championship Race names. Finally, in recent years the race is known simply as the Winternats.
Track features.
This track is considered to be one of the most unforgiving R/C tracks in the world with a very fast and narrow driving line. The track's nickname, 'The Fort', has been earned over many years of battle with drivers. The 30-year-old galvanized steel 'boards' make a loud bang exaggerating every hit, but yielding little. In the late 90s, plastic guards were added to many of the most destructive corners in an effort to tame the track. If a car is on line through the large sweeper onto the straight your car will disappear briefly because of the concrete curbs that create the island. The chicane in front of the driver stand, 'aka Dead Mans Curve', is one of the toughest spots on the track as drivers try to negotiate this tight area without lifting. The dots (plow disks) on the carousel were recently tamed in 2005, when they were covered by a plastic loop. The start–finish lap timing loop is located just before the pits, requiring drivers to make almost a whole lap before starting their qualifying run. This makes the 5-minute qualifiers a battle between power and fuel mileage. Some drivers will make a pit stop during qualifying. Before the 2005 event new asphalt was laid, due to damage by Hurricane Charley, and for the first time Mike Swauger and Michael Salven were able to complete 26 laps during qualifying. In 2008, live scoring over the internet was added, to allow people from around the world to view the races in real time. In 2009, live video coverage and audio of the race announcers was added to the site without a fee. Thanks to good weather and lots of traction compound testing during the summer, DJ Apolaro was able to set the first 24 lap qualifier in a sedan and Mike Swauger turned the first 27 lap qualifier with a 1/8 scale car. Paolo Morganti would set a new track record for the sedan at 24 laps in 5:11.71 and Mike Swauger 27 laps in 5:10.97 with a 1/8 scale car.
Practice.
Practice days are on Sunday and Monday from 8:00 AM till 5:00 PM. In the middle of the day, practice sessions are sorted into 1/8 and sedan classes. No fuel bottles or refueling is allowed inside the fenced-in track area to allow all drivers the chance to get practice. Severe penalties from the officials for breaking this rule include reprimands, loss of fuel bottle or being sent home.
Qualifying.
Takes place from Tuesday through Thursday. Qualifiers are five minutes long using the IFMAR start with up to ten drivers racing on their own clock. A maximum of six qualifiers are run over a three-day period. Practice is allowed in the mornings from 8:00 AM till 9:00 AM and in the evenings from the end of qualifying till 5:00 PM. Drivers are required to turn marshal after their qualifier or they will be docked one lap from their best qualifier.
Mains.
The mains are run over a two-day period. The lower mains, D-mains and below, are run on Friday. The upper mains, C-mains and above are run on Saturday. Mains are run from the lowest to the highest (A-main). The winner and runner-up of all mains below the A-main, are allowed the option to bump-up to the next main. Trophies are awarded to all A-main participants and the top three places in all mains. Bump-up drivers give up their trophy for the chance to race in the next main.
Traditions.
A free barbecue prepared by Jim on Friday night after the lower mains, consisting of smoked pork and chicken as well as all the fixins, is a unique feature only provided at this event. A raffle including car kits, engines, radios, tires, tools, etc., donated by the race sponsors, contributes to the appeal of this race. Silver bullets and the Red Cup racing team can trace its origins to the long days and nights of a Winternats week. In recent years, this race has been held in mid-February. The attendance of pro drivers, manufacturers and race teams make this race a great learning experience for racers.

</doc>
<doc id="9673514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673514" title="Sandy Bonsib">
Sandy Bonsib

Sandy Bonsib is an American quilter and quilting instructor who resides in Issaquah, Washington. She is a frequent quilting teacher, has been featured on PBS, and is the author of multiple books on quilting technique, including Quilting Your Memories, Quilting More Memories, Folk Art Quilts, etc., primarily for Martingale and Company.
Bibliography.
"Memory Quilts: 21 Heartwarming Projects with Special Techniques"
"Sweet Treats: 12 Delectable Quilts from 2 Easy Blocks"
"Quilting Your Memories: Inspirations for Designing With Image Transfers" 
"Quilting More Memories: Creating Projects With Image Transfers"
"Tried And True: New Quilts From Favorite Blocks" 
"Folk Art Quilts: A Fresh Look" 
"Flannel Quilts" 
"Americana Quilts"

</doc>
<doc id="9673521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673521" title="Oryzaephilus surinamensis">
Oryzaephilus surinamensis

The sawtoothed grain beetle, Oryzaephilus surinamensis, is a slender, dark brown beetle 2.4–3 mm in size, with characteristic "teeth" running down the side of the prothorax. The sawtoothed grain beetle is a primary pest, in the UK, that attacks damaged grain. Carolus Linnaeus, the Swedish naturalist who defined taxonomic arrangements for the animal, plant, and mineral kingdoms acquired samples of the sawtoothed grain beetle from Suriname (Dutch Guiana) and named the species ""Oryzaephilus surinamensis"" because of this. (It is Latin for "rice-lover from Surinam".)
A relative of the sawtoothed grain beetle of the same genus, the merchant grain beetle, is more likely to be found in domestic dwellings since it requires higher more stable temperatures and can be found infesting biscuits and fruit and nut products. The adults can fly but rarely do. They can be differentiated by looking at the distance of the eye to the prothorax: with the merchant grain beetle it is less than half the vertical diameter of the eye. 
The sawtoothed grain beetle lays its eggs loosely on foodstuffs at the rate of 6–10 per day, with total being 370 per female. The larvae are to be found within the mass of the foodstuff in the top centimetre or two. As mentioned above damaged cereal is entered through broken kernels, and the larvae feed on the germ, causing damage by reducing the percentage of grains which will germinate.
The total life cycle is 20–80 days at .
The sawtoothed grain beetle can survive in unheated warehouses in the UK, and is considered the most important pest of home grown grain in the UK. The beetles survive the winter hiding in cracks and infest new stocks of grain the following year. Both insects are distributed throughout the world and regularly imported into the UK in unprocessed cereals, oil cakes, and from grains from other stores. 
Treatment in bulk storage situations normally is carried out by fumigation, and in domestic situations finding the infested material, disposing of it and carrying out a residual spray to kill off stragglers.

</doc>
<doc id="9673523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673523" title="Carausius (Phasmatodea)">
Carausius (Phasmatodea)

Carausius is a genus of the tribe Lonchodini, in the order Phasmatodea (stick and leaf insects). The genus is in many ways typical of the Phasmatodea in that all species are twig-like in appearance.
"Carausius morosus" is the most commonly kept stick insect in captivity.

</doc>
<doc id="9673529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673529" title="Contraction alkalosis">
Contraction alkalosis

Contraction alkalosis refers to the increase in blood pH that occurs as a result of fluid losses (volume contraction). The change in pH is especially pronounced with acidic fluid losses caused by problems like vomiting.
Pathophysiology.
There are several possible explanations for the process of alkalosis observed after volume contraction.
One popular theory is that alkalosis is simply the loss of solvent volume without a proportional loss in bicarbonate concentration or increase in carbon dioxide concentration. This explanation may be especially appropriate for the very short term after volume loss.
Another suggests that the alkalosis is due to renal compensatory mechanisms used to correct volume loss. Extracellular fluid (ECF) volume contraction is associated with decreased blood volume and decreased renal perfusion pressure. Three compensation mechanisms engage as a result:
Increases in angiotensin II cause increased Na+-H+ exchange in the proximal tubule and increased HCO3- (bicarbonate) reabsorption in the proximal tubule due to increased luminal H+. Increased aldosterone secretion stimulates the H-ATPase of alpha-intercalated cells of the collecting duct, which causes 1) increased distal tubule H+ secretion, worsening the metabolic alkalosis, and 2) increased generation of "new" bicarbonate within these same cells, which will be reabsorbed.
Additionally, increased aldosterone secretion causes increased distal tubule K+ secretion, in turn causing the hypokalemia seen with contraction alkalosis.
Alkalosis also induces H+-efflux from cells through the K+-H+ exchanger, leading to hypokalemia.
Finally, it has been suggested that the term "contraction alkalosis" is actually a misnomer, and that the alkalosis observed during volume contraction is actually attributable entirely to chloride depletion, which leads to a failure of pendrin, a chloride/bicarbonate exchanger in the collecting duct.
Treatment.
Treatment consists of NaCl infusion to correct ECF volume contraction and administration of K+ to replace urinary losses.

</doc>
<doc id="9673545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673545" title="Soná District">
Soná District

The district of Soná is a district within the Province of Veraguas, situated in the Republic of Panama. The capital town of the district is also named Soná. It also hosts the Sona Football Club 1835.
The mayor of the city is Aristides Ortiz Arosemena.
The city is referenced in Prison Break based on a local urban legend of an "underground prison".

</doc>
<doc id="9673552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673552" title="Rainer Salzgeber">
Rainer Salzgeber

Rainer Salzgeber (born April 26, 1967 in Schruns) is a retired Austrian alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9673564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673564" title="Gary Hirshberg">
Gary Hirshberg

Gary Hirshberg is chairman and former president and CEO of Stonyfield Farm, an organic yogurt producer, based in Londonderry, New Hampshire. He has been with the company since 1983. 
He was mentioned at the time as a possible 2008 Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate against New Hampshire's junior U.S. Senator John E. Sununu.
Education.
Gary Hirshberg was one of the first graduates of Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts.
Work history.
In the early 1980s Hirshberg joined the Board of The Rural Education Center (TREC), the small organic farming school from which Stonyfield was spawned. Previously, in addition to serving as a trustee of the farming school, he had served as executive director of the New Alchemy Institute, a research and education center dedicated to organic farming, aquaculture and renewable energy.
In 2005, Hirshberg was named managing director of Stonyfield Europe, a joint venture between Groupe Danone and Stonyfield Farm, with brands in Ireland, the UK and France.
A New Hampshire native, Hirshberg has received six honorary doctorates and won numerous awards for corporate and environmental leadership. He serves on several corporate and non-profit boards including Honest Tea, Sambazon, Peak Organic Brewing Company, Solera Capital, RAMP Sports, and Climate Counts. He is also the chairman and co-founder of O’Naturals, a chain of natural fast food restaurants.
On January 12, 2012, Hirshberg stepped down from his position as CEO of Stonyfield Farm, naming former Ben & Jerry's CEO Walt Freese as his successor. Hirshberg remains Chairman of the board of directors at Stonyfield.
Publications.
Published in January 2008, "Stirring it Up" is a book about socially minded business that calls on individuals to realize their power to make a difference in the marketplace, while doing business in ways that adhere to a multiple bottom line - one that takes into consideration not only finance, but the environment and health as well.
Personal life.
Hirshberg was born in Manchester, New Hampshire in 1954, attended The Derryfield School for high school and graduated from Hampshire College in 1976. He currently lives with his wife, Meg Hirshberg, and three children in Concord, New Hampshire.
Other Ventures.
Hirshberg "conceived of and co-created" O'Natural's, an organic restaurant chain

</doc>
<doc id="9673578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673578" title="Ray Seggern">
Ray Seggern

Ray Seggern is a radio personality who has worked at radio stations in Texas and Oklahoma. His "Chillville" show, which airs on alternative rock radio station 101-X (KROX-FM) was voted "Best Radio Music Program" in 2008 by readers of the Austin Chronicle. His on-air handle is "Raydog." 
The National Association of Broadcasters selected him a spokesperson for its "Radio Heard Here" campaign.
As a member of the Wizard Of Ads group, he also works as a marketing lecturer, conducting his "One Man Brand Bootcamp" seminars for owner-operated businesses in the United States, Canada and Latin America. 
He is also a contributing editor at www.americansmallbusiness.com.

</doc>
<doc id="9673583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673583" title="MYL9">
MYL9

Myosin regulatory light polypeptide 9 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MYL9" gene.
Function.
Myosin, a structural component of muscle, consists of two heavy chains and four light chains. The protein encoded by this gene is a myosin light chain that may regulate muscle contraction by modulating the ATPase activity of myosin heads. The encoded protein binds calcium and is activated by myosin light chain kinase. Two transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been found for this gene.

</doc>
<doc id="9673584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673584" title="GM Ultra Engine">
GM Ultra Engine

Ultra was the codename for General Motors' next-generation family of DOHC V8 engines that was being developed to replace the Northstar as the V8 engine of choice for GM's premium vehicles. There is very little information on the engine's specifications currently available, however its lowest displacement would presumably have been similar to the Northstar's, (with higher-displacement versions probable as well), and it would very likely have incorporated technologies from the High Feature V6 family, including continuously variable valve timing on both intake and exhaust ports, as well as provision for gasoline direct injection. These engines would probably have been adaptable for both longitudinal and transverse applications (the latter would have been used by the rumored V8-powered versions of the Lambda crossover SUVs). 
Despite previously revealing plans to allocate production to the Tonawanda Engine plant, as of January 2008 GM has cancelled development of this engine. 
New concept Cadillac El Miraj however has been confirmed to be powered by the bi turbo 4.5 V8 based on bi turbo 3.6 V6 engine.

</doc>
<doc id="9673597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673597" title="Believe (Yolanda Adams album)">
Believe (Yolanda Adams album)

Believe is a 2001 gospel album released by Yolanda Adams, featuring the singles "Never Give Up," and "I'm Gonna Be Ready." This was Adams' final release on Elektra Records before the company folded. The track "Fo' Sho'" was done with labelmate Karen Clark-Sheard and was Sheard's first release after her near death experience. The first track, "Never Give Up", is said to be a response to the September 11th attacks. The album sold 67,000 copies at first week, and total sales is near platinum sales with over 700,000 units only to be certified Gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="9673601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673601" title="Soná">
Soná

Soná may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9673616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673616" title="Open Source Physics">
Open Source Physics

Open Source Physics, or OSP, is a project sponsored by the National Science Foundation and Davidson College, whose mission is to spread the use of open source code libraries that take care of a lot of the heavy lifting for physics: drawing and plotting, differential equation solvers, exporting to animated GIFs and movies, etc., tools, and compiled simulations for physics and other numerical simulations . The OSP collection provides curriculum resources that engage students in physics, computation, and computer modeling. The code library is in the Java programming language and licensed with GNU General Public License (GNU GPL or simply GPL) licenses. The site now serves over 10,000 visitors per month. The Open Source Physics Project is an extension of the Physlet Project.
Sub-projects.
They have four projects with this purpose.
Awards.
The project has recently received an important award of Science Prize for Online Resources in Education, or SPORE from Science magazine

</doc>
<doc id="9673621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673621" title="Mountain High... Valley Low">
Mountain High... Valley Low

Mountain High... Valley Low is an album by the gospel singer Yolanda Adams released by Elektra Records. Several singles were released from "Mountain High". The set leads with the Warryn Campbell-produced "Yeah", which was co-written by gospel duo Mary Mary who springboarded from the song to gain their own fame. The most notable single was the second release, "Open My Heart", which became a massive crossover fixture on R&B radio. Both of the singles had accompanying music videos. Remixers like Maurice Joshua, Digital Black-N-Groove, Pound Boys, and Junior Vasquez were brought in to turn both of these songs into dance club-friendly material. "The Things We Do" and "Fragile Heart" were also serviced to radio and fared well on adult contemporary stations. The album stands as Adams's best-selling to date, having sold more than 2,374,000 copies and being certified double-platinum by the RIAA. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Soul Gospel Album.

</doc>
<doc id="9673623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673623" title="The Review of Litigation">
The Review of Litigation

The Review of Litigation, established in 1980, at the University of Texas School of Law, is a student-managed publication dedicated to the process of litigation. "The Review" balances the interests of academia with pragmatic issues important to practicing attorneys and judges. We publish on topics related to procedure, evidence, trial, and appellate advocacy, alternative dispute resolution, and often-litigated substantive law. Published articles not only address issues pertinent to litigation practice, but also comment on substantive and theoretical aspects of the law. 
"The Review" annually publishes three to four issues including articles written by lawyers, judges or practitioners and student notes written by staff members on "The Review". Our articles are routinely cited in published court opinions. In fact, "The Review" is the fourth most cited specialty journal in the country according to a Washington & Lee Law School Survey of published court decisions (check specialized and cases on the referenced link). Our subscription base includes judges, academics, corporations, firms, libraries, and sole-practitioners – more form outside of Texas, than within the state.
2007 marks the 26th year of publication of "The Review". Past authors reflect both the diversity of our readership and the subject areas covered. Recently, we have published articles by professors, federal judges, and practitioners covering topics from fiduciary duty to homeland security. 
"The Review" organizes and hosts a symposium every year on an emerging legal topic or a changing aspect of the law. These symposia are attended by practitioners, judges, academics, and students. Past symposium topics include products liability, ethics and mass torts, conflicts of interest, medical and health care litigation, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the modern jury trial. Past speakers include The Honorable Edward C. Prado (Judge, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit), The Honorable Patrick E. Higginbotham (Judge, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit), and The Honorable Scott A. Brister (Justice, The Supreme Court of Texas).
"The Review" solicits articles for publication year-round, especially articles that focus on arguments, issues, and points of view that have not yet received national attention, but would be helpful to attorneys throughout the country.
The full text of the articles and notes is available in many law libraries, on HeinOnline, on Westlaw and on LexisNexis.

</doc>
<doc id="9673638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673638" title="Year book">
Year book

Year book may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9673653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673653" title="Nahari language">
Nahari language

Nahari is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the states of Chhattisgarh and Orissa in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9673660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673660" title="List of All England Men's Singles champions">
List of All England Men's Singles champions

Below is the list of the winners at the All England Open Badminton Championships. Between 1915-1919 the All England was cancelled because of World War I. Between 1940-1946 the All England was cancelled because of World War II.
Number of titles by country.
In 1913 & 1914 Guy Sautter competed under the alias of U.N.Lappin and in 1920 George Thomas played under the alias of George Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="9673662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673662" title="Elfi Eder">
Elfi Eder

Elfriede "Elfi" Eder (born January 5, 1970 in Leogang) is a former alpine skier from Austria.
She represented the Caribbean island of Grenada from 1998 to 1999, having previously competed for Austria.
The alpine skier Sylvia Eder is her elder sister.

</doc>
<doc id="9673663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673663" title="Puffin Island (Baccalieu Tickle), Newfoundland and Labrador">
Puffin Island (Baccalieu Tickle), Newfoundland and Labrador

Puffin Island is a small island in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, in a navigation channel called Baccalieu Tickle and just off the coast of Baccalieu Island. The island is an ecological reserve for its population of Atlantic Puffin. The island is inaccessible from the water and provides ideal protection for the breeding colonies of Atlantic Puffin that makes Puffin Island their home.

</doc>
<doc id="9673665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673665" title="Kenkichi Yoshizawa">
Kenkichi Yoshizawa

Biography.
Yoshizawa was a native of what is now part of Joetsu city, Niigata prefecture. He was a graduate of the English literature department of Tokyo University and entered the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1899. He was assigned to the Japanese consulate in Amoy, China in 1902, and later to the consulate in Shanghai. 
In 1905, Yoshizawa married the eldest daughter of politician (and future Prime Minister) Tsuyoshi Inukai, and moved to London. He continued to live in England for the next several years, eventually becoming First Secretary to the Japanese embassy. He was given the post of Consul-General in Hankou, China in 1912.
Diplomatic career.
Yoshizawa served as Minister to China from 1923-1929, and was stationed at the Japanese consulates at Beijing and Tianjin. He met with Soviet Foreign Minister Lev Karakhan in Beijing in 1925 for talks which led to the formal establishment of diplomatic relations between Japan and the Soviet Union per the Soviet-Japanese Basic Convention. 
Yoshizawa later served as Japanese ambassador to France and official representative to the League of Nations.
He was appointed to the cabinet of Prime Minister Inukai Tsuyoshi as Foreign Minister from January 14, 1932 to May 26, 1932. On receiving word of his appointment, Yoshizawa traveled from Europe back to Japan via the Trans-Siberian Railway and Manchuria to see conditions first-hand. Following the assassination of Inukai in the May 15 Incident, the Inukai cabinet was dissolved. However, Yoshizawa received an appointment to the House of Peers by command of Emperor Hirohito, and joined the Rikken Seiyūkai political party. 
In the period immediately prior to the start of the Pacific War, Yoshizawa was appointed as a special envoy by Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe to the Netherlands East Indies following the diplomatic mission of Ichizo Kobayashi. Yoshizawa was assigned to present a new set of demands on the Dutch government in Batavia, which were deliberately intended to be unacceptable. 
In December 1940, Yoshizawa was met by Hubertus Johannes van Mook, deputy minister of Economic Affairs, K. L. J. Enthoven, director of Justice, and Hoessein Djajadiningrat, director of Education and Religion. The negotiations dragged on unsuccessfully, and on June 11 1941, the Liaison Meeting of the Imperial General Headquarters and Government decided to recall Yoshizawa and terminate the talks. Yoshizawa suddenly announced to the Dutch his plan to depart and asked to be received by the Dutch Governor-General A. W. L. Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer on June 17, 1941. The latter was worried that he might receive a declaration of war, but to his relief Yoshizawa only handed him a draft declaration stating that the negotiations had ended without an agreement.
From 1941-1944, Yoshizawa served as Japanese ambassador to French Indochina. The posting was mostly symbolic, as by then mostly under Japanese military occupation. In August 1945, he became a member of the Privy Council.
After the end of World War II,Yoshizawa was purged from public office by the American occupation authorities. In post-war Japan, he was appointed as Japanese ambassador to the Republic of China on Taiwan in 1952. He retired from public life in December 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="9673678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9673678" title="1947 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">
1947 New York Film Critics Circle Awards

13th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 19, 1948<br/>(announced December 28, 1947)
Gentleman's Agreement
The 13th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, announced on 19 January 1947, honored the best filmmaking of 1947.

</doc>
