<doc id="9683575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683575" title="Henri Rouvière">
Henri Rouvière

Henri Rouvière (December 23, 1876 – 1952) was a professor of anatomy born in Le Bleymard, France.
He studied in Montpellier, receiving his medical doctorate in 1903. He later became a professor of anatomy and embryology at the University of Paris. Collège Henri Rouvière in his hometown of Le Bleymard is named in his honour. 
Rouvière is remembered for his 1932 publication of ""Anatomie des Lymphatiques de l'Homme"" (translated into English in 1938 as "Anatomy of the Human Lymphatic System"), an exhaustive study involving the delineation and classification of human lymph nodes and their associated drainage regions. Rouvière's work was a continuation of the seminal research of the lymphatic system done by anatomist Marie Sappey (1810-1896). 
Other significant writings by Rouvière are ""Anatomie humaine descriptive, topographique et fonctionnelle"", ""Atlas aide-mémoire d'anatomie"" and ""L'anatomie humaine"". Many of his anatomical works are preserved in the Musée d'Anatomie Delmas-Orfila-Rouvière in Paris.
The eponymous "node of Rouvière" (sometimes called "Rouvière node") features his name; this node is the most superior of the lateral group of the retropharyngeal lymph nodes, and is found at the base of the skull.

</doc>
<doc id="9683581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683581" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Idaho">
List of law enforcement agencies in Idaho

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="9683600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683600" title="Krigsman (Warrior)">
Krigsman (Warrior)

Krigsman (Warrior) is the third album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1981. The Swedish version was released on Prim Records. The English version was released 1982 on Lamb & Lion Records in the United States and on Word Records in the UK. 
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson.

</doc>
<doc id="9683659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683659" title="Tanager Expedition">
Tanager Expedition

The Tanager Expedition was a series of five biological surveys of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands conducted in partnership between the Bureau of Biological Survey and the Bishop Museum, with the assistance of the U.S. Navy. Four expeditions occurred from April to August 1923, and a fifth in July 1924. Led by Lieutenant Commander Samuel Wilder King on the minesweeper , and Alexander Wetmore directing the team of scientists, the expedition studied the plant animal life, and geology of the central Pacific islands. Noted members of the team include archaeologist Kenneth Emory and herpetologist Chapman Grant.
The expedition began with the goal of exterminating domestic rabbits that had been introduced to Laysan island by the guano industry in 1902. Since that time, the rabbits had devoured Laysan's vegetation and led to the extinction of several endemic species. The rabbits were eventually eliminated on Laysan, and the crew witnessed the extinction of the Laysan Honeycreeper (Apapane). Throughout the expedition, new species were discovered and named, and unique specimens were captured and returned to laboratories for further study. Over 100 archaeological sites were found, including ancient religious sites and prehistoric settlements on Nihoa and Necker Island.
First expedition.
The first expedition departed Honolulu on April 4, 1923 and returned on May 4. The team visited the island of Laysan, Pearl and Hermes Atoll, Midway Atoll, and Kure Atoll. When they spent a month on Laysan studying the endemic Laysan Honeycreeper, a violent and sudden storm ravaged the island. After the storm, the crew concluded that the last three specimens of the Honeycreeper had been killed.
Second expedition.
The second expedition departed Honolulu on May 10. The team visited the island of Laysan, the French Frigate Shoals and the Pearl and Hermes Atoll.
Third expedition.
The third expedition departed Honolulu on June 9. The team visited the islands of Necker, Nihoa, and the French Frigate Shoals. An attempt was also made to visit Kaula. "Tanager" arrived at Nihoa on June 10 and dropped off scientists for a ten-day visit and moved on to Necker the following day to drop off a second team. Both teams used radio to keep in constant communication between the two islands. On Nihoa, botanist Edward Leonard Caum collected the first specimen of "Amaranthus brownii" and Alexander Wetmore discovered the Nihoa Millerbird and named it "Acrocephalus familiaris kingi", in honor of Captain Samuel Wilder King. Evidence of an ancient settlement on Nihoa was discovered, along with platforms, terraces, and human remains.
On June 22, the "Tanager" arrived in the French Frigate Shoals and remained for six days, completing the first comprehensive survey of the atoll. The expedition returned to Honolulu on July 1.
Fourth expedition.
The fourth expedition consisted of two teams, with the first departing Honolulu on July 7. Destinations included Johnston Atoll and Wake Island. The first team left on the "Whippoorwill" (AM-35), which made the first survey of Johnston Island in the 20th century. Aerial survey and mapping flights over Johnston were conducted with a Douglas DT-2 floatplane carried on her fantail, which was hoisted into the water for take off. Two destroyer convoys accompanied the expedition from Honolulu. The "Tanager" (AM-5) left Honolulu on July 16 and joined up with the "Whippoorwill" to complete the survey. From July 27 to August 5, the expedition surveyed Wake Island and named its islets: The southwest islet was named after Charles Wilkes who had led the United States Exploring Expedition in 1841 and determined the location of Wake Island. The northwest islet was named after Titian Peale, the chief naturalist for the 1841 expedition.
Fifth expedition.
The fifth expedition visited Nihoa and Necker Island in 1924. Archaeologist Kenneth P. Emory of the Bishop Museum cleared out 60 sites on Nihoa and collected and cataloged artifacts. The expedition visited Necker from July 14–17.
Crew.
"This list is incomplete"
Repatriation.
In 1990, the U.S. congress passed the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act which requires federal agencies and institutions that receive federal funding to return Native American cultural items and human remains to their people. In the 1990s, Hui Mālama (Hui Mālama I Na Kūpuna O Hawaii Nei), a Native Hawaiian group, spent two years petitioning the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the release of the bones ("iwi") from seven Hawaiian skeletons originally taken from Nihoa and Necker Island by the Tanager Expedition in 1924. Although the bones were owned by the USFWS, the Bishop Museum acted as custodian. The bones were finally released to the group, and in November, 1997, Hui Mālama chartered a yacht and travelled to Nihoa and Necker to rebury the remains.

</doc>
<doc id="9683674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683674" title="Hillsborough Street">
Hillsborough Street

Hillsborough Street is a business and cultural thoroughfare through Raleigh, North Carolina, USA. The street serves as a center for social life among North Carolina State University and Meredith College students. 
Bars, restaurants, coffee shops, convenience stores and banks are located along a strip of Hillsborough Street that borders the university. The road is also a busy transport corridor, linking the town of Cary with downtown Raleigh. Additionally, the road passes by the North Carolina State Veterinarian School, North Carolina State University Centennial Biomedical Campus, the North Carolina State Fairgrounds, Sacred Heart Cathedral, and Raleigh's Pullen Park.
Geography and history.
The Hillsborough Street is one of the four streets that radiate outward in the cardinal directions from Capital Square, each leading to one of the former State Capital cities. A modern alternate route to Hillsborough Street in Raleigh is Western Boulevard, which parallels the street to the south. Wade Avenue is an alternate route to Hillsborough Street to the north. Hillsborough Street terminates in the east at the North Carolina State Capitol at Salisbury Street. The street's western terminus is at the Cary town limits, where the roadway continues as East Chatham Street after crossing Interstate 40. North Carolina Highway 54 begins on Hillsborough Street at the Interstate 440 Beltline interchange and travels west for one mile (1.6 km) before forking onto Chapel Hill Road. 
NCSU's Bell Tower is visible at the street's intersection with Pullen Road. Hillsborough Street takes its name from the city Hillsborough, a former capital city of North Carolina. Like many downtown Raleigh streets, the street's name is derived from a city of the same name in the state; though, initially the street was named Hillsboro Road and was a country road many people used to drive to Hillsborough. The street was first constructed in 1792 as part of the capital city's initial layout.
The land comprising Hillsborough Street was once the site of the plantation of David Cameron. Cameron established St. Mary's College on Hillsborough Street; the school later became a private girls' school, St. Mary's School. A streetcar traversing Hillsborough Street connected North Carolina State University to Raleigh shortly after the college was built.
The street was the site of North Carolina's largest anti-Vietnam War marches, with 10,000 people, including UNC and Duke students, protesting the war.
Places of worship.
Hillsborough Street historic churches include:
Special events.
Basketball and football victories.
Following every football and basketball win the NCSU Bell Tower is illuminated red and students are encouraged to "Storm the Bell Tower" and show their WolfPack pride. After the NC State basketball team won the national championship in 1983, students converged on Hillsborough Street to celebrate, with at least one injury to a police officer. Subsequently, the police department cracked down on problem bars on Hillsborough Street, which resulted in many bar closures. The closures included seven bars located at Hillsborough Square.
Paint the Town Red and NCSU Homecoming.
As part of NCSU's homecoming week since 2006, many businesses along Hillsborough Street agree to have groups of NCSU students paint their windows red, the main athletic color of the NC State Wolfpack. The spectacle was deemed "Paint the Town Red". Each year, alumni, students, faculty and staff as well as Wolfpack faithful fill the NC State Campus and surrounding areas painting the town red. Onlookers congregate on Hillsborough Street for the annual Homecoming Parade and watch as dozens of school floats make their way towards the Bell Tower.
WRAL-TV Raleigh Christmas Parade.
A Christmas parade is held along Hillsborough Street among other Raleigh streets every November. The event, sponsored by WRAL-TV attracts Raleighites, NCSU students, and visitors.
Krispy Kreme Challenge.
The Krispy Kreme Challenge, a race invented and organized by NC State Park Scholars with a majority of runners attending NC State, is a new NC State tradition which attracted over 7,500 runners in 2010. Part of Hillsborough Street is closed in order for runners to make their way from the NC State Bell Tower to the Krispy Kreme on Peace Street. The objective is to run to the Krispy Kreme, eat three boxes of doughnuts and run back to the Bell Tower in under one hour. The event raises money to support the North Carolina Children's Hospital, and in 2010 raised $122,000,000.
City of Oaks Marathon.
The Raleigh City of Oaks Marathon and Rex Healthcare Half Marathon annually attracts thousands of athletes to the capital city. The course is revered for the diversity of the landscape, showcasing the Triangle’s natural areas and the capital’s history.
Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure.
The Komen NC Triangle Race for the Cure, hosted at Meredith College, raises funds and awareness for the fight against breast cancer, celebrates breast cancer survivorship, and honors those who have lost their battle with the disease. All net funds from the Komen Race for the Cure go to research, education, screening and treatment programs.
9/11 Memorial Service.
On the tenth anniversary of September 11, 2001 NC State Chancellor Randy Woodson lead the campus and community in a memorial service at the Bell Tower honoring all those who perished in the events of 9/11. The service paid tribute to all NCSU alumni who have served in the military. To coincide with this event, the Hillsborough Street Community Service Corporation enlisted the help of over 35 NCSU student groups and organizations to decorate the store-fronts on Hillsborough Street with patriotic imagery. These groups volunteered their time to show their support for, and appreciation of, all the first responders and citizens who lost their lives on that day in 2001. They also thanked all the troops who have served and continue to serve the USA in the armed services.
Hillsborough Hikes.
A long standing tradition for NCSU students are the Hillsborough Street Hikes. Four hikes a year attract students to the street early in the evening till the early morning hours after the bars and restaurants close to walk with their friends from one end of the street to the other on the sidewalks flooding the street with Wolfpack Pride. 
Art to Wear.
Art to Wear is an annual fashion show featuring the creations of NC State students. The NCSU College of Design and College of Textiles team together to showcase the young talent that can be found at NC State as well as its connectivity to the clothing design merchants found around Raleigh, NC. The event is normally followed by an after event which fills the local establishments with customers long into the night.
Notable businesses.
On the three miles from the Capital Building to the beltway, Hillsborough Street offers the citizens of Raleigh over 60 restaurants, eateries, and food on the go establishments, with bars, clubs, and nightlife venues. Businesses include banks, technology services, and health and body care businesses. The street also offers health and beauty care, salons, convenience stores, auto repair and tattoo shops, and book stores selling WolfPack gear. 
One notable business on Hillsborough Street is Players' Retreat, a saloon that opened more than 50 years ago. The bar encompasses a former restaurant, the Morning Room, which served as the unofficial headquarters of Hargrove Bowles' 1972 gubernatorial campaign against Jim Holshauser. It was also a hangout of the Wolfpack basketball players, of Norman Sloan, in the 1970s. Mitch's Tavern was used for scenes in the film "Bull Durham" in the 1980s. The publishing company Lulu is headquartered on Hillsborough Street.
Education institutions.
There are four major education institutions located on Hillsborough Street. The first, and largest, of these is North Carolina State University, with over 34,000 students, and 6,000 faculty and staff. Meredith College is located on the street, with approximately 2,200 female students and 138 faculty members, Meredith College has grown to become one of the largest independent private women’s college in the United States. The third education institution is the all-girls boarding and day school St. Mary’s School for grades 9-12. Campbell University Law School is on the street.
Hillsborough Street Community Service Corporation.
The Hillsborough Street Community Service Corporation is an independent, not for profit, business improvement district created by a partnership between the City of Raleigh, NC State University and the property owners and businesses on Hillsborough Street in the fall of 2009. The HSCSC territory is about 2.5 miles long running on both sides of Hillsborough Street from St. Mary’s School to the beltline (including Morgan St. and a few side streets) and includes a collection of businesses, organizations, institutions and residential options. 
The corporation’s mission is to make the Hillsborough Street community a destination in Raleigh by providing services and programs that improve the economic sustainability of the businesses, and increases the market value of the properties.
Redesign.
After a study in 2002, the city of Raleigh proceeded with efforts to revitalize and redesign Hillsborough Street and the surrounding area. The project was intended to rejuvenate the area, improve traffic flow, and increase pedestrian safety. City council members, however, were unable to come to a consensus on how best to accomplish this project until early 2007, when a plan to replace two traffic signals with roundabouts was approved. Construction was to be completed in 2008, but $9.9 million in funding was not approved until March 2009. NC State student Joseph Carnevale gained international attention after his arrest, in June 2009, for creating a monster out of construction barrels at the Hillsborough Street construction site. Meanwhile, officials and planners continue to disagree on where to designate customer parking, so that local businesses can increase their sales revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="9683681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683681" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Illinois">
List of law enforcement agencies in Illinois

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Illinois.
Overview.
At the state level, there are at least 11 law enforcement agencies. At the county level, there are sheriffs, forest preserve police and other specialized police forces. At the local level, most cities and many towns and villages have municipal police forces, park district police forces and even local specialized police forces. Many colleges and universities as well as community colleges also have their own campus police that are often sworn police officers.
In 2000, Illinois was ranked fourth in the U.S. in the number of full-time sworn officers with 321 per 100,000 persons, behind Louisiana (415), New York (384) and New Jersey (345). In this ranking, only New York had a higher total population than Illinois. Illinois is also near the top of most law enforcement numbers lists, such as number of agencies per state, number of agencies with special jurisdictions and number of local police agencies. Even taking into account that Illinois is the fifth most populous state, many of the ratios are higher than more populated states.

</doc>
<doc id="9683755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683755" title="Yorkeys Knob, Queensland">
Yorkeys Knob, Queensland

Yorkeys Knob is one of the beach suburbs of Cairns, the principal city of Far North Queensland, Australia. It is approximately north of the centre of Cairns, and is the third beach suburb after Machans Beach and Holloways Beach.
History.
Yorkeys Knob got its name from George Lawson, a Yorkshire-born, Cairns-based beche-de-mer fisherman. On 10 June 1886 Yorkey Lawson reported the loss of a man and his wife from Green Island. They had left to visit the wreck of the "Upolu", intending to return the same day. Lawson made a search for them, but was unable to find any trace of them, not even an accident. The pilot currer was sent to search for the couple.
Lawson built a homestead adjoining the Mount Buchan estate near what is now Yorkeys Knob. During the off-fishing season he and his sons farmed pumpkins, sweet potatoes and paddy melons, but not successfully; whatever the bandicots and pigs didn't eat, the crocodiles did. Lawson used the mangroves near his homestead for the firewood and water needed for his beche-de-mer smoking station on Green Island.
Locals are attached to the name, despite the reaction it sometimes gets, and recently successfully prevented a developer from advertising a development as being at "Yorkeys Beach".
Facilities.
Yorkeys Knob has a supermarket, post office, bottleshop, bakery, and a variety of other shops. A newsagent and a small store are on the beachfront, near the main swimming area.
Yorkeys Knob has three restaurants. One at the Half Moon Bay marina has an over-the-water deck looking across Half Moon Bay to Double Island and Haycock Island (also known as "Scout's Hat" due to its shape).
Recreation.
The swimming area is at the northern end of Sims Esplanade. It is patrolled for 6 months of the year by Surf Lifesaving Queensland, and has a stinger net to protect swimmers from box jellyfish ("Chironex fleckeri"). Trust the lifesavers and swim between the flags; there have been drownings around the rocks a short distance away. There are barbecue and picnic facilities, plus public toilets and showers. The beach is lined with she-oak casuarinas, beach almonds, ballnuts and coconut palms. At its southern end the beach meets Thomatis Creek, which lies between Yorkeys Knob and Holloways Beach.
The beach is a popular for kitesurfing and windsurfing.
Half Moon Bay Golf Club is located at the western end of Wattle Street, and is a short but challenging layout which features a number of water hazards. It is 5,129 metres long and par is 70. Most of the course is sand-based, and it dries rapidly after heavy rains. A 9-hole course is generally open even if all the other Cairns courses are closed due to flooding, although cyclones can force its closure for a couple of days.
Wildlife.
The golf club is a very good bird-watching location, with masked lapwings, bush stone-curlews, a range of kingfishers, rainbow lorikeets and sea eagles fairly easy to find. Between the 12th and 13th holes lies Ray Howarth Park, which is home to a huge colony of flying foxes, which you can see heading out searching for food in the early evenings. During the day they hang upside down from the mangrove's trees, and make an almighty din. When the melaleucas are in flower you will find them gorging on nectar in the trees at the northern end of Sim's Esplanade.
A small bush track near the State school offers a chance to see a variety of birdlife, monitor lizards, and lots of skinks. Along the beach you will find pied oyster catchers, bush stone-curlews, ghost fiddler crabs and sand-bubbler crabs. At the rocks at the end of the beach keep an eye out of the beach tree skink scampering around the rocks looking for lunch, while you also watching for a pod of bottlenose dolphins that sometimes visit the small bay on the northern side of the groyne.
Public transport.
Yorkeys Knob is serviced by Sunbus seven days a week. Yorkeys Knob Sunbus Service The normal service, the 1C, runs hourly Monday to Saturday, and every second hour on Sundays. This service also runs to the Smithfield shopping centre, the nearest large shopping complex. A direct service, the 1D, is available during the peak periods, travelling to Cairns in the mornings and back to Yorkeys in the late afternoon.
Heritage listings.
Yorkeys Knob has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9683757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683757" title="Spoon River Valley High School">
Spoon River Valley High School

Spoon River Valley High School, also known as Spoon River Valley Senior High School, or SRVHS, is a public four-year high school located at 35265 North IL Route 97 east of London Mills, Illinois, a village in Fulton and Knox Counties, in the Midwestern United States, at the intersection of Illinois Routes 97 and 116. SRVHS is part of Spoon River Valley Community Unit School District 4, which serves the communities of Ellisville, Fairview, London Mills, Maquon, and Rapatee, and includes Spoon River Valley Junior High School, and Spoon River Valley Elementary School The campus is located northwest of Canton, southeast of Galesburg, and serves a mixed village and rural residential community. The school districts lies within both the Canton and Galesburg micropolitan statistical areas.
Enrollment.
Spoon River Valley is a small school with an enrollment right at 145 students annually that commute daily from the neighboring villages and rural areas. The neighboring communities include: Maquon, Fairview, London Mills, Ellisville, and Rapatee.
Location.
Built in its current location, 35265 North IL Route 97, in 1973, the district has been around as early as 1949. The first school was located in Fairview.
Spoon River Valley High School is located north of Fairview, Illinois, east of London Mills and south of Maquon. It is nestled neatly at the southeast junction of Illinois Route 97 and Illinois Route 116.
Academics.
In 2009 Spoon River Valley High School did not make Adequate Yearly Progress, with 41% of students meeting/exceeding state standards, on the Prairie State Achievement Examination, a state test that is part of the No Child Left Behind Act. In 2010 Spoon River Valley saw the largest increase on the PSAE (with 52% meeting/exceeding) for the entire Peoria Journal Star Area. The school's average high school graduation rate between 1999-2009 was 94%.
Sports.
Spoon River Valley High School competes in the Prairieland Conference and is a member school of the Illinois High School Association. The SRVHS mascot is the Vikings with colors of black and orange; however, they coop with neighboring Cuba High School for most athletics. Their combined name and mascot is the North Fulton Wildcats, with colors of red and black. The school has no state championships on record in team athletics and activities. The varsity football team, the North Fulton Wildcats, qualified for state tournament in 2007 and 2008, and reached the semi-finals in 2007.
History.
The history of Spoon River Valley High School is also the history of its component schools: Ellisville High School, Fairview High School, London Mills High School, and Maquon High School. SRVHS formed in 1948 when the Ellisville, Fairview, and London Mills schools consolidated, and Maquon joined in 1949 after a year consolidated with Knoxville High School. The high school was first located in Fairview, but later moved to a centralized rural setting east of London Mills when a new school building complex was completed in 1973.
Ellisville High School.
The Pleasant Hill Academy is the first recorded school in Ellisville, Illinois. It opened in 1840. A community high school was later established in 1920 and served at the high school until the 1948 consolidation. The Ellisville high school mascot was the Eagles, with school colors of blue and silver. It is believed that the remaining Ellisville High School building continued to serve as an elementary school in the district until 1973, when a new school complex was built east of London Mills which served all grades, K-12, in the district. The Ellisville school building was razed in the late 1980s.
Fairview High School.
School are recorded in Fairview, Illinois as early as 1839, and a school named the Fairview Academy was established in 1863. A formal three year high school curriculum is known to have existed since 1897, and Fairview's first graduating class occurred in 1900. The four year curriculum was not adopted until 1908. The year 1900 also marked the completion of the village's new school building. Fairview High School's mascot was the Foxes, with school colors of orange and black. After outgrowing the 1900 building a parcel of land was purchased and new high school building was opened in the fall of 1922. When the consolidation of area schools occurred in 1948 Fairview High School was chosen to be the site of the consolidated Spoon River Valley High School. The building served as Spoon River Valley High School, sometimes called Valley High School, until 1973 when a modern and centralized school complex was completed east of London Mills. The 1922 Fairview High School building has been torn down.
London Mills High School.
London Mills' schools originated in 1835. New buildings were completed in 1875 and 1912, with a gym addition occurring in 1936, and a final addition in 1939. The London High School mascot was the Lions, with school colors of orange and black. The school consolidated into the Spoon River Valley district in 1948. The 1912 building has since been torn down.
Maquon High School.
Maquon first began building schools in the mid-to-late 19th century, with its first high school graduating class occurring in 1891. The first known building was completed in 1866, a simple two-story frame building. In 1904 a larger brick school building was completed adjacent to the original building, with a gym addition occurring in 1934. When the Spoon River Valley consolidation occurred in 1948 Maquon was originally part of the plan. However, in July before the 1948 school year began Maquon petition to detach from the newly formed Spoon River Valley in order to attend Knoxville schools. The petition was short-lived, as irregularies were found and Maqon reverted into the Spoon River Valley district under the original planned. Therefore, in 1949 the full Spoon River Valley High School was realized and students from Maquon were bused to Fairview, the location of the district's high school.
Because Spoon River Valley's villages continued to maintain separate grade and junior high schools, the remaining Maquon High School building continued to be used as a junior high school for grades 7, 8 and 9 until 1973 when the present Spoon River Valley High, Junior High and Grade School complex was completed east of London Mills. The 1904 building still stands today.

</doc>
<doc id="9683769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683769" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Indiana">
List of law enforcement agencies in Indiana

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Indiana.
Since 2012, the Indiana Law Enforcement Training Board (ILETB) has instituted a three-tier system of training for the state's various law enforcement agencies.
Tier I: Full Basic Recruit Academy at one of the state's ILETB certified academies.
Tier II: Eight-week program held at the Indiana Law Enforcement Academy (ILEA) in Plainfield
Tier III: Three-week program held at the ILEA in Plainfield

</doc>
<doc id="9683784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683784" title="Sidney Dancoff">
Sidney Dancoff

Sidney Michael Dancoff (September 27, 1913, Philadelphia – August 15, 1951, Urbana, Illinois) was an American theoretical physicist best known for the Tamm–Dancoff approximation method and for nearly developing a renormalization method for solving quantum electrodynamics (QED).
Dancoff was raised in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh. He attended Carnegie Tech on a private scholarship and received his B.S. in physics in 1934, followed by a master's degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1936. He then went to the University of California at Berkeley where he earned his PhD in 1939 under Robert Oppenheimer.
While Dancoff was at Berkeley, Oppenheimer suggested that he work on the calculation of the scattering of a relativistic electron by an electric field. Such QED calculations typically gave infinite answers. Following earlier perturbation-theory work by Oppenheimer and Felix Bloch, he found that he could deal in various ways with the infinities that arose, sometimes by canceling a positive infinity with a negative one. However, some infinities remained uncanceled and the method (later called renormalization) did not give finite results. He published a general description of this work in 1939.
In 1948, Sin-Itiro Tomonaga and his students revisited this paper. Using improved calculational methods, they found that Dancoff had omitted one term or two terms. Once they repaired this omission, Dancoff's method worked, and they built on it to produce a theory of QED, for which Tomonaga shared the Nobel Prize in 1965. (At the same time, American physicists discovered Dancoff's error and solved QED, relying less directly on Dancoff.)
During the Second World War, Dancoff worked on the theory of the newly invented nuclear reactors. To take into account how fuel rods could "shadow" other rods by absorbing neutrons headed toward the other rods, he and M. Gainsburg developed the Dancoff factor, still used in reactor calculations.
After the war, Dancoff was on the faculty of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In 1950 he published an approximation method for many-body theory that has been used in nuclear and solid-state physics. Igor Tamm had found it in 1945, and the method is now named after both.
In the late 1940s, Dancoff began a collaboration with the Viennese-refugee physician and radiologist Henry Quastler in the new field of cybernetics and information theory. Their work led to the publication of what is now commonly called Dancoff's Law. A non-mathematical statement of this law is, "the greatest growth occurs when the greatest number of mistakes are made consistent with survival".
Dancoff died of lymphoma in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="9683806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683806" title="Dave Stapleton (infielder)">
Dave Stapleton (infielder)

David Leslie Stapleton (born January 16, 1954 in Fairhope Alabama) is a former Major League Baseball player for the Boston Red Sox from 1980 to 1986. Stapleton attended University of South Alabama.
Professional career.
Stapleton was selected by Boston Red Sox in 10th Round (231st overall) of 1975 amateur baseball draft and over the next five years worked his way up the Red Sox minor league system playing for Winter Haven, Bristol and Pawtucket.
He made his first appearance for the Red Sox on May 30, 1980. During his time with the Red Sox, he primarily served as a utility player, covering first base, second base, shortstop and third base as well as playing in the outfield and serving as designated hitter.
In and he served as the team's first basemen, losing the job to Bill Buckner in . Between 1984 and 1986, Stapleton only played 82 games for the Red Sox.
Stapleton is most remembered in Boston by Red Sox fans in relation to the 1986 World Series. During the year, Stapleton was frequently called in as a late inning defensive replacement for the ailing Bill Buckner. During Game 6 of the World Series, Red Sox manager John McNamara left Buckner in the game, leading to the infamous Mookie Wilson ground ball that went through Buckner's legs giving the New York Mets a come-from-behind win in the tenth inning. The Mets went on to win the Series four games to three.
After the 1986 season, Stapleton became a free agent and signed with the Seattle Mariners, but was released on March 31, 1987 prior to the start of the regular season.
In his career with the Red Sox, Stapleton batted .271 (550-2028), with 41 home runs, 224 RBI, 238 runs, 118 doubles, eight triple, six stolen bases, a .310 on-base percentage, and 807 total bases for .398 of slugging average. Among major leaguers who played at least seven seasons, Stapleton is the only hitter in history whose batting average dropped in each successive season over his career.

</doc>
<doc id="9683808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683808" title="University Charter School (Lemoore, California)">
University Charter School (Lemoore, California)

University Charter School, sometimes referred to as "Charter" or "UCS", is a middle school in Lemoore, California. It serves students in grades 5th through 8th. It is on the West Hills Community College Lemoore campus. Its dean, or principal, is Chris Camarena.
Teachers.
The school has 2 teachers for every grade from 5th to 8th grade.
Student council.
There are 7 student council positions:
In addition to these offices, every classroom has a representative.
Electives.
Currently, there are seven electives for 7th and 8th graders: AVID, Art, Band, Knitting, Technology, Animation and Graphic Design. Each elective session is 9 weeks. A student may be pulled out of their elective for IIT (Individual Instructional Time) in 3 3-week periods. This is usually to help them with a certain subject, but can also be for enrichment.
Sports.
Because University Charter School is such a small school, there are no official sports teams for the school. But the students can participate in the sports teams of a nearby school, Liberty Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="9683809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683809" title="William Gilly">
William Gilly

William F. Gilly is a biologist specializing in the study of cephalopods. He was involved with the television special "The Future is Wild".
Gilly received a BSE (Electrical Engineering, 1972) from Princeton University and a Ph.D. (Physiology and Biophysics, 1978) from Washington University in St. Louis. He had additional training at Yale University, University of Pennsylvania and the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole. Over the last 30 years he has contributed to the basic understanding of electrical excitability in nerve and muscle cells in a wide range of organisms ranging from brittle-stars to mammals. Much of this work employed the giant axon system of the squid as an experimental model system for molecular and biophysical approaches. Additional physiological studies made in the living squid revealed unexpected complexities in how the giant axon system controls escape responses, and how mechanisms governing that control are subject to modification by environmental factors like temperature and during normal development.
Gilly's current research program on squid concentrates on the behavior and physiology of "Dosidicus gigas", the jumbo or Humboldt squid. Fieldwork in the Gulf of California and off Monterey Bay employs a variety of tagging methodologies in order to track short-term vertical migrations as well as long-distance migrations. Laboratory studies at Hopkins Marine Station and onboard research vessel are focused on the physiology of hypoxia tolerance and on control of chromatophores, the color-changing organs in the skin.
Research on venomous cone snails (genus "Conus") is also currently being carried out. This work is exploring the biological factors that lead to toxin diversity within an individual species and mechanisms by which toxins are produced, selected for use and delivered. Tropical species as well as a temperate, local species ("Conus californicus") are studied.
Members of Professor Gilly's laboratory have gone on to faculty positions at the University of Washington, University of Utah, University of Pennsylvania, Albert Einstein Medical College and University of Puerto Rico.
Dr. Gilly was nominated by Stanford University to be one of the USA Science and Engineering Festival's Nifty Fifty Speakers who will speak about his work and career to middle and high school students in October 2010. He is also an adviser to the Microbes Mind Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="9683821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683821" title="Laforin">
Laforin

Laforin, encoded by the "EPM2A" gene, is a glucan phosphate, and an adaptor protein which is mutated in patients with Lafora disease. It contains a dual specificity phosphatase domain (DSP) and a carbohydrate binding module subtype 20 [http://www.cazy.org/fam/acc_CBM.html] (CBM20). Its physiological substrate has yet to be identified and the molecular mechanisms in which mutated laforin causes Lafora disease is unknown, though there has been progress made in the study by Ortolano et al.

</doc>
<doc id="9683829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683829" title="List of Canada Games">
List of Canada Games

The Canada Games are a strictly amateur multi-sport event held in Canada biannually, alternating between Summer and Winter editions. Athletes enter the Games representing each of their respective 13 provinces or territories. The first Games were held as part of Canada's Centennial Year Celebrations in 1967. Ontario and Quebec remain the only two provinces to win the Canada Winter Games thus far, with British Columbia and Alberta constantly secured in the third and fourth positions.
Host Cities.
1 "These provinces/territories have yet to choose the city."
2 "Held across the entire province."
Canada Games Editions.
1967 Canada Winter Games.
The 1967 Canada Winter Games were held in Quebec City, Quebec. These were the first Canada Games held, and were part of the celebrations for Canada's Centennial Year.
1969 Canada Summer Games.
The 1969 Canada Summer Games were held in Halifax/Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
1971 Canada Winter Games.
The 1971 Canada Winter Games were held in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
1973 Canada Summer Games.
The 1973 Canada Summer Games were held in New Westminster/Burnaby, British Columbia
1975 Canada Winter Games.
The 1975 Canada Winter Games were held in Lethbridge, Alberta
1977 Canada Summer Games.
The 1977 Canada Summer Games were held in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
1979 Canada Winter Games.
The 1979 Canada Winter Games were held in McCreary, Manitoba.
1981 Canada Summer Games.
The 1981 Canada Summer Games were held in Thunder Bay, Ontario
1983 Canada Winter Games.
The 1983 Canada Winter Games were held in Saguenay/Lac Saint-Jean, Quebec
1985 Canada Summer Games.
The 1985 Canada Summer Games were held in Saint John, New Brunswick
1987 Canada Winter Games.
The 1987 Canada Winter Games were held in Cape Breton County, Nova Scotia
1989 Canada Summer Games.
The 1989 Canada Summer Games were held in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan
1991 Canada Winter Games.
The 1991 Canada Winter Games were held in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island
1993 Canada Summer Games.
The 1993 Canada Summer Games were held in Kamloops, British Columbia
1995 Canada Winter Games.
The 1995 Canada Winter Games were held in Grande Prairie, Alberta
1997 Canada Summer Games.
The 1997 Canada Summer Games were held in Brandon, Manitoba
1999 Canada Winter Games.
The 1999 Canada Winter Games were held in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
2001 Canada Summer Games.
The 2001 Canada Summer Games were held in London, Ontario
"ordered by total medals, ranked by medal type"
2003 Canada Winter Games.
The 2003 Canada Winter Games were held in Bathurst/Campbellton, New Brunswick
"ordered by total medals, ranked by medal type"
2005 Canada Summer Games.
The 2005 Canada Summer Games were held in Regina, Saskatchewan
2007 Canada Winter Games.
The 2007 Canada Winter Games were held in Whitehorse, Yukon.
These were the first Canada Games held "North of 60" (in the polar regions). The games were held concurrent with the Inuit Games and Dene Games.
2009 Canada Summer Games.
The 2009 Canada Summer Games were held in many communities in Prince Edward Island
2011 Canada Winter Games.
The 2011 Canada Winter Games were held in Halifax, Nova Scotia
2013 Canada Summer Games.
The 2013 Canada Summer Games were held in Sherbrooke, Quebec

</doc>
<doc id="9683846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683846" title="Roadside Romeo">
Roadside Romeo

Roadside Romeo is a 2008 Hindi-American computer animated musical comedy film written and directed by Jugal Hansraj and produced by Aditya Chopra and Yash Chopra of Yash Raj Films and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures in United States, India, and all around the world. It was released on 24 October 2008 in the United States and India.
This was the second Bollywood movie to receive a North American release by a Hollywood studio, following Sony Pictures' "Saawariya" (2007).
The title character is a dog living in Mumbai, as voiced by Saif Ali Khan; his girlfriend, Laila, is voiced by Kareena Kapoor. This was the first voiceover in an animated production for both actors. "Roadside Romeo" was also Hansraj's first animated directorial debut. "Roadside Romeo" received generally negative reviews from critics upon its release. However, it was a box office success.
Plot.
Romeo is a dog who once lived in luxurious surroundings. One day his owners decide to migrate to London and he is left at the mercy of the servant of the house, who dumps him on the street. Left to fend for himself, he is soon cornered by the local gang – Guru, Interval, Hero English and a dog-wannabe-cat, Mini, who tell him that this is their domain. Romeo does not know the street lingo and is at a loss for words at first, but he manages to win the gang over with the idea of setting up a business.
Together, they set up a successful dog-grooming business until Chhainu (voiced by Sanjai Mishra), the right-hand of gangster-dog Charlie Anna (Javed Jaffrey), arrives to collect "hafta" (weekly protection money) in the form of bones. Romeo throws Chhainu out, and the others, terrified, go to Charlie to plead their case. Charlie threatens them with his trio of ninja dogs, whom he calls his Angels, but Romeo tricks Charlie into allowing his friends to leave unhurt.
Romeo then meets Laila, who is singing from a rooftop, they dance and he falls in love. To win her over, Laila tells Romeo he must dance with her in front of everyone at the "Moonlight Club" where she performs. Romeo says yes, unaware that Charlie has long wanted her, and anyone who dares go near her is punished. However, Romeo braves the odds and dances with Laila to win her heart. As love blossoms between the two, Charlie, in a fit of rage, captures and terrorises Romeo. Romeo then promises that he would make Laila fall in love with Charlie.
Romeo does not intend to lose Laila, but plans to deflate Charlie's ego by having a disguised Mini pretend to be Laila and make it clear she's not interested. This only ends up exacerbating Charlie's ire, forcing Romeo to promise him a second meeting with Laila. The night of the appointment, however, Chhainu catches Romeo kissing Laila, who then shouts at Romeo telling Laila of Romeo's deal with Charlie and she angrily says she never wants to see him again. Charlie's Angels are then wooed by Guru, Interval and Hero English, and Charlie is chased and caught by the city dog catchers. But just before Charlie is caught with a net, Romeo pushes him under the dog-catchers van to escape while Romeo goes, Charlie then convinces Guru, Hero English, Interval and Mini to create a distraction to get the guard away from the van, they succeed and Charlie jumps on the van and says he will free Romeo using a pin in his chain to pick to lock, but the van begins to drive and he falls off, after which Charlie races after the van, losing the pin in the progress, but they improvise with one of Charlie's ear hairs. They escape but Romeo feels there no point staying as Laila said she never wanted to see him again. The next morning, Romeo throws his sack onto an open train boxcar about to leave the station but Charlie arrives with Laila and the others. Charlie tells Romeo that he is a fool for leaving Laila when she still loves him, that he explained everything to her and says she is Romeo's and no one elses. He lets go of her hand and Laila begins to run after the train, while Romeo holds his hand out for her, Charlie remarks "where have I seen this before?". She reaches for his hand and grabs it but the handle Romeo was holding had lost its top screws, making him fall off with Laila, after which they raise their heads to each other and say "I love you" in sync. It then goes to the "Moonlight Club" where everyone is back singing a remix version of "Main Hoon Romeo".
Production.
Development.
As a fan of animation, Jugal Hansraj teamed up with Aditya Chopra to write their first cartoon. Nothing came of the collaboration, the writer/director recalls, "till this one day, I was waiting at the traffic signal and saw these dogs playing in the dirt...uncared for, scruffy looking gang, totally "mast" in a garbage pile, and I instantly knew the characters of my story."
The alliance by producer Yash Chopra and Disney chairman Dick Cook is a first in the field of animation. This also is the first mainstream CGI feature film to come out of India.
Animation.
Visual Computing Labs (VCL), a division of Tata Elxsi Ltd., another computer animation studio, similar to Walt Disney Animation Studios, was involved with everything from visual conceptualisation, character design to animation and final output. Production commenced in January 2007, continuing for two and a half years and involved 150 crew members; twenty-one months were spent on the animation. It also benefited from the use of Tata Elxsi's EKA, one of the world's fastest supercomputers.
Though the company did not publicly release the film's budget, Britain's "Guardian" reported it to be about US$7 million.
Promotion.
The first trailer, shown on 12 October 2007 with the release of the film "Laaga Chunari Mein Daag", shows the film's crew holding an audition for Romeo; another trailer was later shown with Laila's audition
. Though the release was originally scheduled for the summer of 2008, the release was put off to Diwali.
The costumes for the lead characters were made at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida for the film's Indian promotion. Yash Raj Films worked with "Hot Muggs" for producing licensed merchandise for the film. Hot Muggs integrated an inaugural concept of incorporating one-liners from the movie like "Tension Not," "Stay Cool" and "I'm Good Na" on coffee mugs.
Though many Bollywood actors promoted the film, the two main stars of "Romeo", Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor did not do much promotion. Kapoor told the producers she would be busy promoting her other Diwali release, "Golmaal Returns". Khan simply made himself inaccessible.
Release.
Box office.
Yash Raj Films, for the first time ever, held a pre-release screening for film exhibitors on 18 October 2008. It was then released exclusively across local multiplexes on 24 October 2008.
During the weekend of its release, the film faced competition from "Heroes", hence it opened to a poor response of 20–25%, which improved two days later to 30–40%. Its first-week gross of Rs. 45 million (US$912,316) made it an Indian record for a Disney production.
In the United States and Canada, the film debuted in as many as 40 theatres on the same day. On the first weekend, it made US$41,770 (Rs. 2080,000) and placed 49th. The following week, its gross income came to US$55,202.
The film opened with similar results in 23 British theatres, grossing £31,576 (Rs. 2470,000). The movie fared poorly in Australia with an income of only US$13,233 (Rs. 652,000) from 9 venues; and in New Zealand it brought in US$604 (Rs. 29,792) from 2 venues.
In Kuwait, the film opened on 23 October 2008 and grossed US$14,549 in the first week.
Critical reception.
"Roadside Romeo" received mainly negative reviews, with a 16% rating in "Rotten Tomatoes". While some critics praised the film's animation, others criticised its poor script, predictable plot, weak comedy and a too-familiar storyline. Taran Adarsh gave the film three stars out of five, citing its borrowing from the masala films of 1980s and a predictable story. Another factor he said went against the film was its lack of good music. Though the title track and ""Chhoo Le Na"" were publicised, they lacked impact. Though the film was targeted at children, he said Charlie Anna's south Indian accent was hard to decipher and comprehend even for adults. Despite the drawbacks, he cited the animation's good quality which could even be compared to international standards.
"The New York Times" criticised the movie saying, "The animated dogs in "Romeo" aren’t particularly appealing. They mostly walk on two legs and, unlike Disney characters, don’t wear anything beyond neck gear. They look oddly naked and move awkwardly, which flattens the dance sequences and keeps the film earthbound."
Music.
The film's soundtrack was released on 1 October 2008 by director Jugal Hansraj and actor Jaaved Jaffrey at "The Club" in Andheri, Mumbai. The music was composed by Salim-Sulaiman, and lyrics have been penned by Jaideep Sahni.
Joginder Tuteja from "indiaFM" gave the film's soundtrack 2 out of 5 stars and noted, "The songs in themselves are no great shakes and, except for a track or two, the remaining just passes muster. Delayed release of the album would take a further toll on the sales of "Roadside Romeo". Overall, "Roadside Romeo" is a barely an okay album where one's hope only rests on the state of art animation (as promised by the makers)."

</doc>
<doc id="9683850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683850" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Iowa">
List of law enforcement agencies in Iowa

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Iowa.
Notes of Interest.
All Iowa Sheriff's Departments use the same markings and graphics on their patrol vehicles aside from each county having its respective name on the patrol vehicle before the word "County" under the "SHERIFF" door markings. All road deputies in the state also wear the same brown uniforms. All counties have the same shoulder patches with the county name at the top, a 7 point gold star with "IOWA" in the middle, and "SHERIFF" at the bottom. Polk County Deputies may sometimes be seen with Silver 7-point stars on their uniforms. Many years ago they were sent the wrong color patches due to a shipping or order mistake and haven't bothered to fix the 'tradition' in the years since.

</doc>
<doc id="9683857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683857" title="Germany's Next Topmodel (cycle 1)">
Germany's Next Topmodel (cycle 1)

Germany's Next Topmodel Cycle 1 is the first season of "Germany's Next Topmodel" (often abbreviated to GNTM) that aired on German television network ProSieben. The show started airing on January 25, 2006 with twelve girls in the competition. 18-year-old Lena Gercke came off as this season's winner. IMG Models manages the winner and also managed first runner-up and second runner-up for one year.
The first season copied many photo shoot ideas from "America's Next Top Model", especially from the first season. It has also gone with almost three episodes with a double-elimination for the models. The show was hosted by top model Heidi Klum.
International Destinations.
The international destinations for this cycle were New York City & Los Angeles, USA and Paris, France.
Episode Summaries.
Episode 1: Der Sprung ins kalte Wasser.
Out of over 11,000 applicants, 32 girls aged 16 to 22 had come to see if they had what it takes to be Germany's Next Topmodel. For their first challenge, the young women had to prove themselves by presenting their favourite outfit out of everything they had packed in their own suitcase. Drama ensued when 19-year-old Andrea discovered that she did not know the combination to her suitcase and had to make a frantic call to her mother. In the end she had to borrow an outfit from another competitor. Many of the girls fudged their measurements on their application forms. The judges narrowed down the competition to twenty girls.
In the next challenge, the 20 prospective models were taken by bus to a mine in the Walsum region of Duisburg. They had to put on a fashionshow in front of an audience of miners. The girls were shocked by the setting (and the outfits) but eventually would do what it took to succeed. Bruce Darnell, their catwalk coach, cried with joy at their success. Eight more girls were eliminated, leaving twelve to continue in the competition. Heidi then announced that they would be going to New York.
Episode 2: New York.
Luise Mikulla created a lot of drama because of her fear of flying. Once in New York the girls had their first runway training with Bruce on a skyscraper. The girls met up with Heidi at the Victoria's Secret show and got to try out the most famous catwalk in the world.
The first photoshoot took place at night on a rooftop in the freezing cold. Russell James shot the models in Victoria's Secret's lingerie with a view of the New York Skyline and the Brooklyn Bridge. For their first challenge, the girls were given $100 each to find a second-hand outfit for themselves to wear to the Victoria's Secret Show. Jennifer Wanderer was chosen as the winner by Gisele Bündchen. Wanderer and her friend Mikulla got to watch the big show.
Andrea Lichtenberg was eliminated because of lack of expression in her photos. Anne Mühlmeier also failed to impress the judges.
Episode 3: Trau dich.
The contestants returned to Germany and were installed in a new accommodation. Unfortunately, there were only eight beds for the ten girls and the girls had to make compromises. Celine Roschek was unhappy about the conditions which resulted in her complaining to Heidi. In the end she decided to leave the show.
The judges discovered that Micaela Schäfer had lied to them about her modelling history. It turned out that she had done nude photos in the past. Heidi decided to give her a second chance.
During the make-over session the stylist tried to give each of the girls a new look. Lena Gercke got a dramatic new short cut, but Janina Ordmann refused to let her hair cut the way the stylist proposed. As a big surprise Heidi's husband Seal came to the salon and met the girls who were absolutely amazed and thought that Heidi and Seal were very cute together.
Back at the loft the girls had runway training with Bruce. They had to complete their walk with a book on top of their head which was not supposed to fall down. Jennifer who had always been criticized for her lack of emotion and excitement seemed again very lost and sad. She always gave the impression of being unimpressed and not really interested in becoming a model. Bruce talked her into being a little more outgoing and to smile more. Jennifer was still reserved and held herself back too much. Bruce then talked to her and asked her to look into the mirror and scream really, really loud. Jennifer tried and eventually she screamed at the top of her lungs and it brings her such relief that she cries and hugs Bruce and says that this really meant a lot to her and gave her more confidence.
The theme of the photo shoot was iconic styles of the 1930s and 1940s. Joachim Baldauf shot the girls with spiders and snakes which caused a lot of shock and excitement. Charlotte Offeney refused to touch the snake but agreed to have a spider put on her shoulder.
Micaela Schäfer just barely stayed in the competition but Rahel Krüger was sent home. Although she showed a lot of potential, her look wasn't what the judges are looking for.
Episode 4: Zwischen den Welten.
It was now down to Jennifer Wanderer, Lena Meier, Luise Mikulla, Lena Gercke, Yvonne Schröder, Janina Ordmann, Charlotte Offeney and Micaela Schäfer. Their next challenge is to model at a subway station in Düsseldorf, where the girls have to do a runway walk on a waiting platform for the passengers waiting on their train. The girls are asked to put on a sexy outfit without knowing where they are going. They are a little bit shocked but also excited when they find out what they have to do. Heidi watches them over the security cameras at the platform. She talks to them over the megaphone at the station. It is very funny and the walk looks really cool. Afterwards all the girls are excited and say they loved this challenge. Luise got lucky because she choose a bright yellow summer dress and simply looked gorgeous with her long blond hair. Her and Charlotte completed the task best and as a grand price they were invited to the "Night of the Proms" in Rotterdam by Heidi Klum's husband Seal, whom they also got to meet backstage and who was very kind to the girls. The other contestants spent the evening in the loft with food and gossip with Heidi Klum.
The next day professional press training waited for the candidates. However, the girls did not know it was a fake interview. They were filmed while talking to a reporter who told them that the interview would be featured in a magazine. The girls did badly at the interview, they answered really private questions and even asked back what exactly the reporter was asking about their love life and sex life. Heidi later revealed to the girls that it was only a fake interview and showed the girls their biggest mistakes on tape and explained to them the rules to giving a good interview without revealing too much. They were all relieved that it was only training.
Later photographer Antoine Verglas made a so-called "Beauty Shot" of the contestants which showed them unflattering and unretouched in a strapless black dress with only moisturizer on their face. The contestants had to do different facial expressions such as great joy, laughter, anger or sadness. Later the images were altered with photoshop to cover up bad skin and other flaws. During elimination the girls were shown their photo with and without being altered and they were shocked to see how much actually had to be done to the photo in order to look good. Heidi told that it was important to take good care of their skin and to look their best always, because having to touch up photos after a shoot takes time and costs money and the less they have to change the better. Again. the girls had to go on the catwalk, this time wearing ugly yellow jump suits and shoes that did not fit.
Schäfer did not convince the judges and was eliminated for her lack of personality and her inability to convince in different modelling styles.
Episode 5: Und Bitte!
The contestants complete acting training with an acting coach. Luise shows great talent and completes the task very well. The girls are having an interesting morning. Even though a model does not always have to be an actress at the same time, the task showed who had difficulty to take on a different role easily. And according to the judges this is exactly what a topmodel needs to be able to do. In the theatre: The girls act out a love/fight scene with renowned German actor Erol Sander. The challenge is to accuse him of cheating on them after they found a ring of another woman in his pocket. He then has to convince them it isn't true and they have to make up. Charlotte actually tried to kiss the actor in the end, which caused embarrassment in the group.
The next morning one of most difficult photo shoots is coming up for the girls. There is a bulletproof glass basin filled with 12.000 liters of water which weighs 30 tons, in which the girls have to submerge completely wearing a beautiful evening gown and float gracefully under water in front of the camera. The effect of weightlessness in the water and the floating of their long evening dresses create a wonderful image. For the models it is a genuine challenge. They have to be able to stop breathing for as long a time as possible, control their body movement, hands and feet and make sure that they don't make strange faces under water. Right from the start Luise has problems over and over again. She always finds something which she cannot do or she feels sick or unwell. In the evening the girls have a fun time: Karaoke with Heidi in the LOFT.
Before she is called before the judges, Janina faces a difficult, personal decision: after she refused to cut her hair short (similar to Lena's style) during their make-over, she finally agrees to have her hair shortened the way the stylist recommended it. Once she sees the result however she is completely devastated and thinks she looks ugly. Once again right before the elimination the girls have to do a brief runway show for the judges. This time the challenge is to walk with raw eggs taped to their bare feet without breaking the eggs. This means the girls have to balance on their toes. Lena breaks her egg and slips on the runway. In the end however it is certain: Luise has to go - the judges don't think she is ready yet for the demanding life of a topmodel, she constantly has some kind of phobia (she fainted right before the flight to New York out of fear of flying) or illnesses and has been complaining way too much.
Episode 6: Sexy Moves.
The girls have dance training with Choreographer Georgia from London. They learn a dance sequence from a musical. They will need that dance for their upcoming photoshoot which is going to be a very sexy and rock-star style shoot. Yvonne cannot really follow the routine and cries. Surprise at the LOFT: the parents visit the girls - lots of tears and laughter!
Later the girls have their first go-see at Escada where chief designer Brian Rennie invites them to a Casting for the Escada look book. The Casting is only a test which the girls however do not know and Heidi pushes them to be absolutely pitch perfect with their walk and their presentation. She watches the casting from a nearby trailer. The purpose is to determine which one of the six girls would be able and ready to be cast by a world famous fashion label and actually be considered for the job. The girls are asked to put on different Escada outfits and accessories and have to strike a pose as well as do a short runway walk for Brian Rennie. Lena G. simply looks amazing and very natural at the same time. Her and Janina are the best and may for one evening and one night go to Paris where they meet Peyman Amin from IMG models who takes them out clubbing.
While Lena and Janina are still travelling back to Germany from Paris the other girls are already on location for their photo shoot in a theatre in Cologne. The girls get crazy hair, big make-up and some Musical Star/Rock Star style outfit. Their task is to use the moves they have learned from Georgia in order to deliver a really cool photo with a lot of movement and expression. Jennifer has a terrible stomach ache, but she does not let her bad health get in the way with her performance. She is very cool and convincing and the judges are amazed. Charlotte however is not doing so well with her shoot, she is too shy and cannot present herself in a sexy way. She clearly feels uncomfortable with the whole setting and the task. The judges criticise her badly. Lena G. and Janina are tired after only one hour of sleep, however they pull themselves together and after a short "warming up" they take good photos.
This week the elimination is especially hard on Bruce: Lena M. and Charlotte must go. Bruce is speechless and cries, because Lena M. was his favourite and he is heartbroken and cannot stop crying. After the dismissal Heidi joins the girls backstage and she tells them they are going to get a full body waxing for their next shoot - Body painting with Joanne Gair. The girls are excited.
Episode 7: Bodypainting.
Swedish model Marcus Schenkenberg is arriving and makes the girls very nervous. He will assist the judges this week in evaluating the girls. They are taken to a nearby shopping mall. Yvonne has to announce a runway show to all the people at the mall using a megaphone. The other girls do not yet know what to expect. They are given wigs and big sunglasses and have a very tight schedule to do their runway. Four outfits for each of the four girls. They have one minute to change in a room and run back up the escalator to do their runway, otherwise the show is interrupted. Styling and accessories is completely up to the girls. Will they be able to complete such a hectic and stressful task? How do they react, if there are problems? This is exactly what the judges want to find out with this task. The girls are running around like crazy but the show goes well and later the girls take it easy during a game of Pool Billiard with Marcus.
The next morning body painting artist Joanne Gair arrives from New Zealand and wants to get to know the girls before the shooting in person. It becomes a difficult day for all of them. Joanne will paint and will photograph two girls per day. The body painting will be an animal print winding around the shoulders, legs, breasts and stomach with long hair extensions and a dark but warm background and lighting. For the body painting of one models she needs between six and seven hours. Lena has problems with the fact that she will be completely naked in front of the camera and asks for more time to consider this. She is aware of the importance of the photoshoot for the next decision, but at the same time she feels very uncomfortable being naked in front of other people and in a photo. She calls home and talks it through with her parents. Joanne shows the girls photos of her work from her book. She has done the famous cover of "Vanity Fair" with a pregnant Demi Moore and she did some amazing Body Painting shoots with Heidi for "Sports Illustrated". The girls appreciate this and admire her work.
The body painting is in full course. Jennifer poses second and Joanne is very respectful and kind and creates an atmosphere so the girls forget they have nothing on except color on their body. Jennifer gets really cold and her feet and legs go numb. After the shoot she can barely stand up and walk, that's how bad her legs hurt. Bruce has to hold her so she can stand. Nobody noticed this during the shoot and Heidi is absolutely impressed and praises Jennifer for being so professional and not complaining at all. While Joanne is applying color to Yvonne's body, Lena arrives at the Studio. She took all night to make her decision and eventually agrees to do it. Heidi respects Lena for not taking her clothes off immediately, but thinking it through and making sure that she feels comfortable with the people on the set.
This week the judges find it extremely difficult to pick one girl to send home, because they all had a good week, but still they must decide, which of the four girls has the most and the least potential to become "Germany's Next Topmodel". After much consideration they decide not to eliminate any of the girls so all four are moving on to the next challenge.
Episode 8: Sunny California.
After taking a vacation at home for one week the girls meet at Munich airport without knowing their destination. At the check-in counter they receive the new "Heidi-Mail" and she announces that the girls are flying to Los Angeles! After a 12 hours flight the girls arrive at California and are taken to their hotel. On the next morning they are waiting for their next challenged - slightly jet-lagged. When Heidi arrives she tells them that they are going to visit the star coiffeur Giuseppe Franco. But the girls are not there in order to get spoiled.
They have to address complete strangers in the street and persuade them to do a make-over. The four girls are given 30 minutes to do this and prove to Heidi and Armin that they have a feeling for make-up and hair styling. The girls are panicking and pick anyone of the street instead of choosing for a few minutes to see how could easily be styled. The results very from very bad to acceptable and the winners are announced Lena and Jennifer.
Next runway training takes place at the Santa Monica Pier, one of the most famous beach promenades in the world. Bruce taught the girls all the basics. Now he prepares them for different styles, which are required on the international runways depending on the outfits they are presenting. The girls are wearing extremely high heels and walking is difficult. Lots of onlookers take photos and many Americans state for the camera that the girls are more beautiful than the American contestants on the show and they would all make them topmodels.
On the next day: the main photo shoot, which will considerably influence the decision of the judges. At 6.30 the preparations start at famous Malibu Beach. The girls are photographed in a Bikini jumping on a trampolining. Again precision and body-control are essential. Heidi joins the fun and jumps on the trampolin too. Funny and sexy pictures are the result!
The last task is a runway show in front of the judges: first up the sporty, natural look. Then sexy and elegant. With a lot of time pressure they must match their make-up to the outfit and express their style on the runway using one of the different walking techniques taught by Bruce.
Before the elimination the judges consider yet again everything they have seen from the girls so far including pictures and runway style. Minutes pass which will decide about the future of the girls. Eventually Janinas dream is ending. She worked very hard, but the jury is of the opinion that the other girls still have more potential. Janina takes it very hard and she talks badly about Jennifer who she feels does not even want to be a model and she would have deserved to stay on the show instead of her.
Episode 9: Paris wir kommen!
A double examination is approaching for the girls. They must convince the Casting Director AND prove Heidi thereby that they would be as top models able, to slip before the camera into a strange role. Jennifer makes itself thereby at the best one. Hard days in LA: Lena, Jennifer and Yvonne must fight against their tiredness. The show for the Jeans label YMI in club Basque Hollywood is an important test. In the small framework the girls are to get accustomed to it for a designer before public to run. Top model candidate inside must shine with the show in the club, otherwise they go down on really important gangways.
The test in the club was a full success. But on the next morning Heidi organized already again a date. It is on the way to Christian Audigier, the designer of the Street ware label Ed Hardy. The cool Look is particularly announced with Hollywood of star extremely. With the Ed Hardy Shooting is responsible the girls for everything. Now they can show whether they watched out with Amin well.
LA has to offer much. But the largest attraction for the girls was it not to think for a few hours of its achievements and have with Heidi fun. To the daily strolls it ended together over the Santa Monica jetty.
Still do not know Lena, Jennifer and Yvonne that morning will become a completely special day for it: at 7 o'clock of morning starts the photo Shooting with the chief talking document urine of the German "Cosmopolitan", Petra Gessulat and star photographer Pavel Havlicek.
While Heidi remains because of dates in LA, the girls travel to Paris. Here it expects its largest challenge. The small show in the club in LA, training with Bruce - everything served the preparation on a completely special moment! John Ribbe, an internationally successful designer invites the girls to the Casting. There the girls will compete for the first time with professional Models.
All girls have their strengths, in addition, their weaknesses. And only one of them can become Germany's Next Topmodel. This time however each still continued to come.
Episode 10: Das Finale.
no text
Contestants.
Ages and measurements stated are at time of contest.
References.
Model Interview mit Micaela Schäfer

</doc>
<doc id="9683858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683858" title="Vi Kan Inte Stoppas (Can't Stop Us Now)">
Vi Kan Inte Stoppas (Can't Stop Us Now)

"Vi Kan Inte Stoppas (Can't Stop Us Now)" is the fourth album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1983. The Swedish version was released on Royal Music. The English version was released in 1984 on Refuge Records in the United States. 
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson.

</doc>
<doc id="9683901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683901" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Kansas">
List of law enforcement agencies in Kansas

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="9683905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683905" title="List of bus routes in Westchester County">
List of bus routes in Westchester County

The Bee-Line Bus System, the bus system for Westchester County, operates a network of bus routes throughout Westchester County, serving destinations throughout much of the county and parts of The Bronx in New York City. Even though not used officially by Bee-Line, routes tend to be identified with a "W" prefix (ex: W60), akin to the routing system in New York City. The process is most evident at bus stops in the Bronx and usage by the MTA and New York City government in various media. These routes are listed below.
This table gives details for the Bee-Line routes. For details on non-Bee-Line routes, see the following articles:
Routes.
The Bee-Line's routes can be classified in several categories, as shown below.
Local.
These lines provide local bus transit throughout Westchester County. Routes operating into the Bronx are closed-door except where noted.
Destinations shown are for the full route except for route branching. Some trips may only serve a portion of the route.
Limited-stop and express.
Routes run during peak hours only. The local bus fare is charged on these routes, and all types of MetroCard are accepted (except for AirTrain MetroCards).
Westchester-Manhattan Express.
This route, the BxM4C, charges the premium express bus fare of $7.50.
Commuter.
These shuttle routes run between served communities and the indicated railroad station during weekday rush hours only unless otherwise noted.
Shuttle Loops.
These shuttle loop routes operate rush hours only, and operate from the White Plains Railroad Station during the AM peak hours, and to it in the PM peak hours (except Loop A which operates in both directions to/from White Plains in the mid afternoons and PM rush hours).

</doc>
<doc id="9683914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683914" title="Confederation of Independent Poland">
Confederation of Independent Poland

Confederation of Independent Poland (KPN, ) was a Polish nationalist political party founded on 1 September 1979 by Leszek Moczulski and others declaring support for the pre-war traditions of Sanacja and Józef Piłsudski. It was the first independent political party that was publicly proclaimed in the Eastern Bloc, it was however unrecognized by the People's Republic of Poland government and its chief activists were arrested several times. It didn't participate in the Polish Roundtable Negotiations. 
After the fall of communism, Leszek Moczulski was a candidate in the elections for Polish president, but got only 2.5% of votes in the 1990 presidential election and withdrew during the following one. In the 1991 parliamentary election the party got 7.5% of the vote, while in the 1993 parliamentary election it received 5.7%. In 1996 it suffered a split, with the Konfederacja Polski Niepodległej - Ojczyzna faction under Adam Słomka leaving KPN. KPN then joined Solidarity Electoral Action, but left it in 1997, before the 1997 parliamentary election, in which it didn't participate. For the 2001 parliamentary elections, it allied itself with Solidarity Electoral Action of the Right (AWSP), but its candidates got 0.08% and the AWSP (which got 5.6%) failed to elect a single representative (the threshold was 8%). In 2004 Leszek Moczulski dissolved KPN, while Słomka declared his KPN-O the main KPN and gathered some members of the now-disbanded Moczulski's KPN. The party has been re-registered with the Polish authorities and took part in the 2009 European parliament elections.

</doc>
<doc id="9683922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683922" title="Ontario Highway 77">
Ontario Highway 77

King's Highway 77, commonly referred to as Highway 77, is a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. One of three highways within Essex County, Highway 77 serves to interconnect Highway 3 near Leamington with Highway 401 near Tilbury. Prior to 1998, the highway extended south into Leamington, ending at the former routing of Highway 3 and Highway 18. This section was turned over to Essex County and renamed Erie Street. The speed limit on Highway 77 is in most places, dropping to 50 km/h in built-up areas. It is patrolled by the Ontario Provincial Police.
Route description.
Due to the flat topography of Essex County, the land use surrounding Highway 77 is almost entirely agricultural. Soil conditions in Essex are ideal for farming, and as a result very few natural areas can be found in the county. Many streams have been diverted to irrigate the endless farmland to either side of the highway. Relief from the plain is provided only by the few hamlets along the route. In addition, Lake Erie and Lake Huron are both a short distance from Highway 77.
Highway 77 begins at the "Leamington Bypass", north of the city of the same name. The western section of Highway 3 shares its eastern terminus with Highway 77;
from there it travels west towards Windsor. Several greenhouses are visible near the southern end of the highway, a small percentage of the of land occupied by them in the Leamington area.
Point Pelee National Park, the southernmost point in Canada, is also nearby.
The highway runs north through Mount Carmel and Blytheswood to the village of Staples before turning to the east. It continues in this direction for before returning to its northward orientation. North of there, the highway passes to the east of the Comber and District Historical Society Museum. The museum, which focuses on the history of agriculture, was established in the former Maple Grove Schoolhouse, which was built in 1894.
Pressing north to Highway 401, it passes Middle Road (once Highway 98) in the centre of Comber.
Highway 401 provides access to Windsor and the United States to the west, and to the town of Tilbury and city of Chatham–Kent to the east. To the north, the road continues as Essex County Road 35 to Stoney Point on the shores of Lake Huron.
Traffic levels along Highway 77 vary, but are generally low. The busiest section of the highway lies at the southern end between Leamington and Blythesville, with an average of 6,000 vehicles travelling it per day. North of that, traffic drops considerably to 3,000 vehicles, but increases approaching Comber and Highway 401 to around 4,500.
History.
The Highway 77 designation was first applied on August 5, 1936 to a road running southeast from Rodney, Ontario to Highway 3 at New Glasgow. On December 5, 1957, the highway was transferred to Elgin County and is now known as Elgin County Road 103.
The current Highway 77 was designated between Leamington and Highway 401 on April 1, 1963. The southern end followed present-day Erie Street south through the city to Talbot Road. At the time, Highway 3 travelled along that road; Highway 77 continued south of Talbot Road as Highway 18.
In early December 1999, the "Leamington Bypass" of Highway 3 opened.
The southern terminus of Highway 77 was subsequently truncated by to end at the new bypass.

</doc>
<doc id="9683942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683942" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Kentucky">
List of law enforcement agencies in Kentucky

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="9683943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683943" title="Summit Bancorp">
Summit Bancorp

Summit Bancorp was a Princeton, New Jersey based bank, which also had offices in Summit, New Jersey. The bank was established in 1899, as the Commercial Trust Company of New Jersey.
The Summit company slowly began expanding in the 1990s, acquiring many regional banks in northern and central and New Jersey. Then, in 1996, Summit was bought out by its Hackensack-based rival United Jersey Bank, which assumed the Summit name. UJB's predecessors included Third National Bank in Central and South Jersey, and Valley Bank and Trevose Federal in Pennsylvania.
Summit ceased to exist in the early 2000s. Some of its branches were sold to Commerce Bank, while the company itself was bought by FleetBoston in 2000 and assumed Fleet's name after a transition period in 2001. The branches now either operate as TD Bank or Bank of America, which bought Fleet in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9683947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683947" title="Stone sculpture">
Stone sculpture

Stone sculpture is the result of forming 3-dimensional visually interesting objects from stone. It is an ancient activity where pieces of rough natural stone are shaped by the controlled removal of stone. Owing to the permanence of the material, evidence can be found that even the earliest societies indulged in some form of stone work, though not all areas of the world have such abundance of good stone for carving as Egypt, Greece, India and most of Europe. Petroglyphs (also called rock engravings) are perhaps the earliest form: images created by removing part of a rock surface which remains "in situ", by incising, pecking, carving, and abrading. Monumental sculpture covers large works, and architectural sculpture, which is attached to buildings. Hardstone carving is the carving for artistic purposes of semi-precious stones such as jade, agate, onyx, rock crystal, sard or carnelian, and a general term for an object made in this way. Alabaster or mineral gypsum is a soft mineral that is easy to carve for smaller works and still relatively durable. Engraved gems are small carved gems, including cameos, originally used as seal rings.
Carving stone into sculpture is an activity older than civilization itself, beginning perhaps with incised images on cave walls. Prehistoric sculptures were usually human forms, such as the Venus of Willendorf and the faceless statues of the Cycladic cultures of ancient Greece. Later cultures devised animal, human-animal and abstract forms in stone. The earliest cultures used abrasive techniques, and modern technology employs pneumatic hammers and other devices. But for most of human history, sculptors used hammer and chisel as the basic tools for carving stone.
The process of stone sculpture.
In the direct method of stone carving, the work usually begins with the selection of a stone for carving, the qualities of which will influence the artist's choices in the design process. The artist using the direct method may use sketches but eschews the use of a physical model. The fully dimensional form or figure is created for the first time in the stone itself, as the artist removes material, sketches on the block of stone, and develops the work along the way.
On the other hand is the indirect method, when the sculptor begins with a clearly defined model to be copied in stone. The models, usually made of plaster or modeling clay, may be fully the size of the intended sculpture and fully detailed. Once the model is complete, a suitable stone must be found to fit the intended design. The model is then copied in stone by measuring with calipers or a pointing machine. This method is frequently used when the carving is done by other sculptors, such as artisans or employees of the sculptor. 
Some artists use the stone itself as inspiration; the Renaissance artist Michelangelo claimed that his job was to free the human form hidden inside the block.
Roughing out.
When he or she is ready to carve, the carver usually begins by knocking off, or ""pitching"", large portions of unwanted stone. For this task he may select a point chisel, which is a long, hefty piece of steel with a point at one end and a broad striking surface at the other. A pitching tool may also be used at this early stage; which is a wedge-shaped chisel with a broad, flat edge. The pitching tool is useful for splitting the stone and removing large, unwanted chunks. The sculptor also selects a mallet, which is often a hammer with a broad, barrel-shaped head. The carver places the point of the chisel or the edge of the pitching tool against a selected part of the stone, then swings the mallet at it with a controlled stroke. He must be careful to strike the end of the tool accurately; the smallest miscalculation can damage the stone, not to mention the sculptor’s hand. When the mallet connects to the tool, energy is transferred along the tool, shattering the stone. Most sculptors work rhythmically, turning the tool with each blow so that the stone is removed quickly and evenly. This is the “roughing out” stage of the sculpting process.
Refining.
Once the general shape of the statue has been determined, the sculptor uses other tools to refine the figure. A toothed chisel or claw chisel has multiple gouging surfaces which create parallel lines in the stone. These tools are generally used to add texture to the figure. An artist might mark out specific lines by using calipers to measure an area of stone to be addressed, and marking the removal area with pencil, charcoal or chalk. The stone carver generally uses a shallower stroke at this point in the process.
Final stages.
Eventually the sculptor has changed the stone from a rough block into the general shape of the finished statue. Tools called rasps and rifflers are then used to enhance the shape into its final form. A rasp is a flat, steel tool with a coarse surface. The sculptor uses broad, sweeping strokes to remove excess stone as small chips or dust. A riffler is a smaller variation of the rasp, which can be used to create details such as folds of clothing or locks of hair.
The final stage of the carving process is polishing. Sandpaper can be used as a first step in the polishing process, or sand cloth. Emery, a stone that is harder and rougher than the sculpture media, is also used in the finishing process. This abrading, or wearing away, brings out the color of the stone, reveals patterns in the surface and adds a sheen. Tin and iron oxides are often used to give the stone a highly reflective exterior.
Copying by "pointing".
The copying of an original statue in stone, which was very important for Ancient Greek statues, which are nearly all known from copies, was traditionally achieved by "pointing", along with more freehand methods. Pointing involved setting up a grid of string squares on a wooden frame surrounding the original, and then measuring the position on the grid and the distance between grid and statue of a series of individual points, and then using this information to carve into the block from which the copy is made. Robert Manuel Cook notes that Ancient Greek copyists seem to have used many fewer points than some later ones, and copies often vary considerably in the composition as well as the finish.
Types of stone used in carving.
Soapstone, with a Mohs hardness of about 2, is an easily worked stone, commonly used by beginning students of stone carving.
Alabaster, African wonderstone, alberene, and softer kinds of serpentine, all about 3 on the Mohs scale, are more durable than soapstone. Alabaster, in particular, has long been cherished for its translucence.
Limestone and sandstone, at about 4 on the Mohs scale, are the only sedimentary stones commonly carved. Limestone comes in a popular oolitic variety, about twice as hard as alabaster, that is excellent for carving. The harder serpentines can also reach 4 on the Mohs scale.
Marble, travertine, and onyx are at about 6 on the Mohs scale. Marble has been the preferred stone for sculptors in the European tradition ever since the time of classical Greece. It is available in a wide variety of colors, from white through pink and red to grey and black.
The hardest stone frequently carved is granite, at about 8 on the Mohs scale. It is the most durable of sculptural stones and, correspondingly, an extremely difficult stone to work.
Basalt columns, being even harder than the granite, are less frequently carved. This stone takes on a beautiful black appearance when polished.

</doc>
<doc id="9683961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683961" title="Gunsan Airport">
Gunsan Airport

Gunsan Airport (, ) is an airport serving Gunsan, a city in the North Jeolla province in South Korea. In 2011, 172,327 passengers utilized the airport. It shares the runway with Kunsan Air Base, which also utilizes the same IATA and ICAO location identifiers.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with a concrete surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9683967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683967" title="Robert J. Gorman">
Robert J. Gorman

Robert James Gorman (April 22, 1915 – February 17, 2007) was a Chicago attorney who served at Normandy and was in the Jeep that General Dwight D. Eisenhower rode into Paris. 
Gorman was born in Chicago and died at his Chicago home. Admitted to the Illinois Bar in 1940 after graduation from Chicago-Kent College of Law, Gorman was a conscientious objector in the early years of World War II until the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, at which time he joined American forces, served as an interpreter with the allied army in France, and rose to the rank of lieutenant. After the war he practiced probate and civil rights law and was counsel for Roosevelt University in Chicago.
Legal career.
While at the Northwestern University Law School, Gorman was elected Justice (President) Of Phi Alpha Delta, the country's largest co-ed legal fraternity. Later, he became Justice of the Chicago Alumni Chapter and was also elected District Justice which covered a four state area. Gorman received his law degree in 1940 from Chicago-Kent College of Law.
After graduation from law school, he was admitted to the Illinois State Bar Association on October 10, 1940 and immediately entered private practice. Shortly after war was declared, Gorman served four years as a lieutenant in the U.S. Army, being honorably discharged in January 1946.
After serving in World War II, he practiced probate and civil rights law and was counsel for Roosevelt University in Chicago from the time of the school’s inception during the 1940s until his retirement four decades later. He also successfully defended many conscientious objectors to the Vietnam War on a pro bono basis, winning 19 out of 20 such cases that he took on.
Other clients included Roy E. Eaton, who was wrongly imprisoned for 16 years for robbery before another man confessed to the crime. The story caught the attention of the national media, including the Saturday Evening Post. Eaton's case was later documented in an episode of NBC's "Armstrong Circle Theatre" entitled "Error in Judgement" that featured an interview with Gorman in the closing segment. Subsequently, Gorman then won the first payment for a wrongful conviction case in Illinois when the State Legislature awarded Eaton a "personal injury" payment.
Personal life.
Gorman's paternal ancestry originates in County Tyrone in Ireland. More recent generations lived in Canada. His parents, James Gorman and Isabel O’Brien, married in Chicago. Gorman and his wife, Helen J. Gorman (1920–2002), had three children: Robert, Gregory and Candace.

</doc>
<doc id="9683978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683978" title="Hooded tinamou">
Hooded tinamou

The hooded tinamou ("Nothocercus nigrocapillus") is a type of ground bird found in forests of Bolivia and Peru.
Taxonomy.
Tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. Ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
The hooded tinamou has two subspecies:
Habitat and range.
The hooded tinamou is found in montane moist forest up to altitude. This species is native to the Andes in Bolivia and Peru.
Description.
Hooded tinamou is light brown above and narrowly freckled with black in color. It is paler below with dusky bars, belly pale-spotted, and averages long.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the hooded tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Conservation.
This species has an estimated global extent of occurrence of .

</doc>
<doc id="9683985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683985" title="OFS">
OFS

OFS may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9683986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683986" title="Alexander de Kininmund (died 1344)">
Alexander de Kininmund (died 1344)

Alexander de Kininmund (died 1344) was a 14th-century Scottish churchman. The first mention of Alexander occurs when, as a canon of Dunkeld he is one of three ambassadors sent by King Robert I of Scotland to Avignon in 1320. The purpose of this embassy was to present a letter to Pope John XXII known as the Declaration of Arbroath. As a papal chaplain and lawyer, he was well qualified to argue the Scottish cause, and Barrow makes a strong case that he was, in fact the author of the document. He became Archdeacon of Lothian in 1327, and by 1329 held a prebend in the diocese of Brechin; he is also a papal chaplain and an auditor of the papal palace at Avignon. 
In that year, after the death of Henry le Chen, Walter Herok was elected Bishop of Aberdeen and travelled to Avignon to receive consecration from Pope John XXII. However, Walter died there, apparently before receiving consecration and Alexander, a papal servant from Scotland, was provided to the now vacant see without any consultation of the chapter of Aberdeen. 
Alexander was back in Scotland by 29 March 1330, when he attended a parliament of King David I of Scotland. Four years later, on 12 February 1334, he was present at the parliament of the usurper-king Edward Balliol. In 1335 he was one of the envoys sent to make peace with England. According to Hector Boece, Alexander was a distinguished scholar and began work on building four new episcopal residences, at Mortlach, Aberdeen, Fetternear and Rayne; Aberdeen and Fetterneir were said to have been completed. He died sometime before 13 September 1344.

</doc>
<doc id="9684023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684023" title="In His Majesty's Service – Live in USA">
In His Majesty's Service – Live in USA

"In His Majesty's Service – Live in USA" is the first live album, and the fifth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. It was released simultaneously in Scandinavia by Royal Music/World Record Music and worldwide by Refuge Records. There is no Swedish version.
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson.
Tracks 1, 2, 5 & 8 previously unreleased
Tracks 3, 4 & 7 from "Can't Stop Us Now"
Tracks 6 & 9 from "Warrior"

</doc>
<doc id="9684027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684027" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Louisiana">
List of law enforcement agencies in Louisiana

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="9684033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684033" title="Han Hong (singer)">
Han Hong (singer)

Han Hong (; Tibetan name: དབྱངས་ཅན་སྒྲོལ་མ་, Ingdzin Droma, ) is a Chinese singer and songwriter of ethnic Tibetan and Han Chinese origin.
Biography.
She is one of the most famous female singers in China, and has maintained her diva status since 2003. She is also a songwriter who specializes in a variety of Chinese folk music. Her signature works are "Tibetan Plateau" (青藏高原) and "Heaven's road" (天路). She was born in Shigatse, the second largest city of Tibetan Autonomous Region. Like her mother, who's also a singer and who is of Tibetan ethnicity, Han Hong is able to shift quite easily from piercing high pitches to soft low tones. She performed in a Chinese television gala broadcast after the Olympic closing ceremony on August 24, 2008. She also performed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony on September 5, 2008.
Career.
In 1971, she was born in Shigatse happily with a big family. However, at the age of six, her father died. "My father has left us, our life has been going worse and worse since his death. Because my mother was extremely busy working as an actor, I did not have a happy childhood at all."
In 1997, CCTV "Half Sky" crew has made a series of talk show and this show made a big change to her fate. At that time, the director of the show thought that Han Hong looks like Zhang Yue who was a very talented TV presenter at CCTV. The director introduced many songs made by Han Hong to Zhang Yue and then Han Hong was invited to be a guest of Zhang Yue's show called " Do not worry about how you looks". Although Han Hong was fat and common-looking, she presented herself in a confident and unique way at the show. After the show, Han Hong got a huge response online.
Popularity in the late 2000s.
In the 1990s, she was considered a frontline singer in the Beijing music scene. She came to prominence after 2002.
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Top Chinese Music Chart Awards

</doc>
<doc id="9684039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684039" title="Niedzica">
Niedzica

Niedzica , () is a resort town in Nowy Targ County of Lesser Poland province, Poland, located on the banks of Czorsztyn lake. It is famous for Niedzica Castle, also known as Dunajec Castle, an important centre of Polish-Hungarian relations built between the years 1320 and 1326 on foundations of a prehistoric roost. The town lies approximately north-east of Łapsze Niżne, east of Nowy Targ, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
Niedzica developed into a popular tourist destination as a result of the construction of the dam on Dunajec river between 1975-1997. Facilities close to the town centre include: the border crossing with Slovakia (2 km distance), the Pieniny hotel, the tourist apartment complex "Pod Taborem", Exhibition Hall, and the boat station for the raft ride down Dunajec River Gorge to Szczawnica resort town.

</doc>
<doc id="9684046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684046" title="Tarana (Madhya Pradesh)">
Tarana (Madhya Pradesh)

Tarana is a town and a nagar panchayat in Ujjain district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Geography.
Tarana is located at . It has an average elevation of 490 metres (1607 feet).
Climate.
Tarana experiences typical climate conditions of the interior Indian subcontinent. The summer months (April–June) are harsh with temperatures reaching up to 45°C. In addition, hot winds (called loo) may blow in the afternoons, worsening the heat. The winter months (Nov.–Feb.) are pleasant and cool with daytime temperatures typically 20°C. The monsoon typically arrives in late June and the months of June till September receive moderate to heavy rainfall. There are periods of rainfall followed by long periods of bright sunshine and high humidity. The month of October generally is very warm and with high humidity.

</doc>
<doc id="9684062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684062" title="List of poisonous flowers">
List of poisonous flowers


</doc>
<doc id="9684073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684073" title="Sigurd Hoel">
Sigurd Hoel

Sigurd Hoel (14 December 1890 - 14 October 1960) was a Norwegian author and publishing consultant, born in Nord-Odal. He debuted with the collection of short stories "Veien vi gaar" ("The way we go") in 1922. His breakthrough came with "Syndere i sommersol" ("Sinners in Summertime", 1927), which was made into a film in 1932 and in 2002.
Life.
He was the son of teacher Lars Anton and Elisa Dorothea Hoel, and grew up in Odalen. He was admitted into Ragna Nielsens school in Kristiania, but when he finished school in 1909, he could not afford to begin college right away. He worked for a while as an insurance salesman before he could begin his studies in 1910, during which time he supported himself with teaching jobs. In 1913 he was an employee at Ragna Nielsens school.
In his time at college he was the editor of the periodical Minerva. His literary career began with the short story "Idioten" ("the Idiot") from 1918, when he won a writing contest. The same year he became an employee of "Socialdemokraten" as a literature and theater critic. In 1920 he wrote the comedy "Den Enes Død" together with his friend Finn Bø. Harald Grieg got him a job as a consultant for Gyldendal Norsk Forlag and Erling Falk made him the editor of "Mot Dag".
In 1924 he traveled to Berlin to study socialism, and there he wrote his first novel, "Syvstjernen" ("The Seven Star"). He continued on to Paris, where he met Nic Waal (died 1960), whom he married in Norway in 1927. They separated in 1936, and the same year he married again, this time to Ada Ivan. From 1934 to 1939 Hoel was a co-worker of Wilhelm Reich who then had chosen Oslo as his exile. Since January 1934 he had received training analysis from Reich but the extent of his own practice as a therapist was limited to four patients. Hoel contributed to Reich's German language periodical "Zeitschrift für Politische Psychologie und Sexualökonomie" (Journal for Political Psychology and Sex Economy) and was the editor-in-chief of the issues No. 13 to 15. One of his major essays deals with the Moscow Trials.
During the war Hoel and his wife went back to Odalen. He participated in the Resistance, and wrote articles for the Resistance press. In 1943 he was forced to flee to Sweden.
Hoel had a short connection to the "landsmål" movement, but later played an active part in the "riksmål" campaign. He was among the founders of the Author's Association of 1952 and was the chairman of the Riksmålsforbundet from 1956 to 1959. He died of a heart attack at 69 years of age.
Body of Work.
"Veien til verdens ende" ("Road to the World's End", 1933) is a child's portrayal from a farm environment and is considered one of his key works, together with, among other things, the novel "Møte ved Milepelen" ("Meeting at the Milestone", 1947). In this novel he both distances himself from Nazism and portrays the confrontation of war as a problem. The last novel, "Trollringen" (The Troll Circle, 1958), is also among his best-known works.
As the main consultant for Norwegian and translated literature for Gyldendal publishing, Hoel made an impression on a whole generation of Norwegian literature. From 1929-1959 Hoel was the editor of the publisher's "Gold Series", where he introduced a number of foreign authors, often with an astounding foresight for which works would remain. The series comprised 101 books—among others, works from authors such as Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald and Franz Kafka. Hoel wrote prefaces for all of the books, and the preferences are collected in the books "50 gold" (1939) and "The last 51 gold" (1959).
Awards and distinctions.
r

</doc>
<doc id="9684085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684085" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Ana">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Ana

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Ana (erected 11 February 1913) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of San Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="9684088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684088" title="Mokpo Airport">
Mokpo Airport

Mokpo Airport was an airport in Mokpo, South Korea . In 2006, 16,909 passengers utilized the airport. This airport was closed when the nearby Muan International Airport opened in November 2007.
Overview.
Mokpo Airport opened as a stopover between Seoul-Jeju in 1969 but closed in 1972. Twenty years later, Mokpo Airport opened again and several airplanes took off and landed. There were six daily flights to Seoul, two to Jeju, and one to Busan. 
Problems associated with this airport include a narrow runway as well as frequent misty weather. Additionally, there were fewer customers after the opening of the Seohaean Expressway. These were among the reasons that the airport was closed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9684089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684089" title="Pratt Fine Arts Center">
Pratt Fine Arts Center

Pratt Fine Arts Center is a non-profit arts education and resource center in the Squire Park area of Seattle's Central District. The school now serves 3,200 students and 500 working artists.
Pratt was founded in 1976 by the Seattle Department of Parks and Recreation and named in honor of slain civil rights leader Edwin T. Pratt. In 1982 it was turned over to a newly created 501(c)(3) non-profit, City Art Works.
Pratt includes facilities for glassblowing, lampworking, glass beadmaking, flameworked glass, metal sculpture, bronze casting, stone carving, jewelry and metalsmithing, woodworking, printmaking, painting and drawing. The Center has three buildings: the main building in Pratt Park (also named after Edwin Pratt) and two additional buildings in the block immediately south of the park. The latter two were originally part of the adjacent now empty Wonder Bread bakery.
Programs include adult and youth education (including free Saturday programs for youth), master artist intensives and visiting artist programs, and studio access programs for working artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9684100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684100" title="Tanda, Ambedkar Nagar">
Tanda, Ambedkar Nagar

Tanda is a city in the Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 census of India, Tanda had a population of 83,079. Power Looms are main business of Tanda and also famous in the world. Men constitute 52% of the population, and women 48%. Tanda has an average literacy rate of 61%, slightly higher than India's national average of 59.5%. Male literacy is 67%, while female literacy is 54%. Approximately 16% of the population is under 6 years of age.
History.
Tanda has a rich historic background. It used to be a barren land, but Mughal Emperor Farrukhsiar, asked Raja Syed Mohammad Hayat, to make a civilization on the bank of Ghagra river in 1714 A.D. reference imperial gazette. The Royal Estate of Tanda stretches from the borders of old Awadh to the borders of Bihar.
Before the famous 1857 mutiny, Tanda's then Raja Syed Hussain Ali, with his brother Raja Syed Abbas Ali, stood against the British army troops, which were moving towards Delhi, and fought a fierce battle in which many of the Estate's soldiers died. It was Raja Syed Mohammad Raza who by his virtue of intelligence was able to hold on the legacy. Raja Syed Mohammad Abbas and Raja Syed Hussain Abbas continued with the legacy. Raja Syed Mohammad Abbas's son Syed Nabi Mehdi was a crowned prince who then moved to Pakistan. Today Raja Syed Kazim Raza & Raja Syed Jafar Raza together holds the heritage.
Economy.
Tanda is an industrial city famous for its Terricot clothes. The "Tanda Tericot" is now manufactured by power looms; however, the town has a long history of weaving using hand looms. Things changed with the introduction of electricity in the early 1960s. Clothes manufactured include lungi, gamcha, arabi roomal, sari etc.
Other important industrial establishments in the region include a power plant run by the National Thermal Power Corporation and the Jaypee cement factory. National Thermal Power Corporation has an installed capacity of 440 MW (4 x 110 MW). The power plant also houses a residential colony along with a hospital and the educational facilities: (Rajkiya Vidyut Parishad Intermediate College, Bal Bharti Public School, Vivekananda Shishu Kunj (UP Board & CBSE Board) and recreational clubs (Navrang and Saptrang) having various sports facilities and gymnasium. The colony is located beside the Sarayu river. Jaypee has its own Township and Hospital/Dispensary. This hospital provides free treatment and medicines to nearby villagers.
Transportation.
Tanda is connected by rail and road with the rest of the country. The rail connectivity is used primarily for goods transportation for NTPC and Jaypee Cement Factory. For passenger transportation, Akbarpur Railway Station is the main option. It is located about 18 km from in south of the town. Tanda is around 155 km from Varanasi, 200 km from Lucknow,And Rajesultanpur 51Km, 55 km from Faizabad and around 80 km from Gorakhpur.
Frequent government bus services are not available to nearby towns and cities.Rajesultanpur , many private travel agencies run frequent bus services to Lucknow and Faizabad. For short journeys, Jeeps and Autos are the common means of transportation. For internal transport, the rickshaw is common.
The nearest Airport is Babatpur near Varanasi, and Amausi in Lucknow.
Administration.
As of 2013, Azimul Haq Pahelwan is the MLA of Tanda Constituency.
Culture.
Many festivals are celebrated here (by Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs), such as Durga Pooja and Eid. Some local events like Datikandhava festival that celebrates Lord Shri Krishna, Ramleela and Haroon Rasheed Mela and the Muharram are also celebrated here.
Education.
Mahamaya Rajkiya Allopathic Medical College and Trilok Nath Postgraduate College are the two degree colleges in the city. Trilok Nath Postgraduate College offers B.A. in a few subjects including Hindi and Urdu. There are many intermediate-level colleges such as Arya Kanya Inter College, Lalta Prasad Kanya Inter College, Muslim Niswan Inter College, Fatima Girls Inter College, Adarsh Janta Inter College, Qaumi Inter College and Hobart Triloknath Inter College.
C. English Academy, Bal Shiksha Niketan, Madarsa Manzar-e-Haq, Noor-e-Haq Islamia, Kanz-Ul-Uloom, Adars Janta Inter College, National Public School, Cosmopolitan School,Crescent English Academy, Modern Anglo, Bal Bharti and DAV are few of the schools in the area. While the majority of the schools have Hindi-medium education, there are several English medium schools including Cosmopolitan School, Vivekanand Shishukunj N.T.P.C. etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9684107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684107" title="Berlepsch's tinamou">
Berlepsch's tinamou

The Berlepsch's tinamou ("Crypturellus berlepschi") is a type of ground bird found in moist forest in northwestern Colombia and northwestern Ecuador.
Taxonomy.
The Berlepsch's tinamou is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds. Until the mid 20th century, this species was considered a sub-species of the cinereous tinamou, but due to its bill size, its ratio of toe and tarsus length and the fact that its plumage has conspicuous differences from that of the cinereous tinamou created enough of a question for the new species to be named.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail. "berlepschi" comes from the Latin form of Berlepsch to commemorate the German ornithologist and collector Hans von Berlepsch.
Description.
Berlepsch's tinamou is a medium-sized bird, about , with the male weighing and the female weighing . The plumage of this bird varies somewhat; however there are some features that can be quantified, such as, in general the color is a brownish black to a deep sooty brown. Also, the head and throat tend to be darker than the rest of the body, with a reddish tinge to its crown and nape. The legs and feet are pink and the bill has a dark upper mandible and a pinkish lower mandible. Its bill is longer and heavier than that of the cinereous tinamou. Finally, its iris is red.
The juvenile form of the bird is similar in coloring to the adult; however it does have barring on its under-parts and also on its wings with a cinnamon tinge to them.
Range and habitat.
Its range is extreme northern coastal Ecuador north into coastal Colombia, as far north as Utria National Park (Bahia de Capica). This tinamou lives in lowland moist forest in sub-tropical to tropical regions, and will also choose to live in a mature secondary forest. It has also proven that it can survive in forests that have been logged. In Colombia it will choose the coastal lowlands and hills up to , although it has been found as high as .
The only 2 documented sightings are at Playa de oro reserva de los tigrillos, which is in Ecuador about north of Cotacachi Cayapas Ecological Reserve and at Milipe Bird Sanctuary about west of Maquipucuna, also in Ecuador.
Behavior.
The Berlepsch's tinamou is considered a sedentary bird.
Feeding.
There is little species specific information on Berlepsch's tinamou, so scientists believe that like other members of "Crypturellus" its diet focus is on fleshy fruit, which it prefers to eat off the ground, but will pick it off lower hanging branches. Like other tinamous, the Berlepsch's also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots.
Breeding.
They breed in February in Colombia. As a forest species, they would choose the months of plentiful food and that would mean the summer.
The male, like other tinamou, incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies the Berlepshch's tinamou as Least Concern, and it has an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9684117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684117" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Maine">
List of law enforcement agencies in Maine

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="9684119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684119" title="Aleph Producciones">
Aleph Producciones

Aleph Producciones S.A. is a film production company in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9684131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684131" title="Fur-Fish-Game">
Fur-Fish-Game

Fur-Fish-Game (often called Fur, Fish and Game or FFG) is an American outdoors magazine. FFG features how-to articles and tips, descriptions of outdoor sporting products, and first-person stories of outdoor adventure and survival. Subtitled "The magazine for practical outdoorsman", FFG focuses on hunting, fishing, and other outdoor activities more as a part of rural life than as a hobby or sport. Unlike most outdoor magazine, FFG also includes updates about fur prices and advice for outdoorsman who run traplines and sell furs.
History.
Founder Arthur R. Harding began "Hunter-Trader-Trapper" magazine in 1900, primarily as a report on fur prices for trappers, traders, and exporters. As the only magazine to provide this information, it was an immediate success. In 1914, Harding sold the magazine due to poor health. When he recovered in 1925, his offer to repurchase the magazine was rebuffed, so Harding bought another magazine, "Fur News and Outdoor World", and changed the name to "Fur-Fish-Game".
Harding outlined his philosophy for the new magazine:
"FUR-FISH-GAME wants articles from subscribers telling of their actual experiences-whether hunting, trapping, fur buying, fishing, camping, fur farming, medicinal root growing, etc.-with photographs if possible. The editor believes that such material is often of more interest and value than much that is written in flowing language by those who follow writing as a business. F-F-G will be of practical pleasure and profit- edited and published for those who wish to read in plain, everyday language about fur, fish, game and allied interests."
FFG today.
FFG is still published monthly by Harding's descendants. Although there is less emphasis on fur and trapping than in decades past, the magazine maintains its pragmatic approach to outdoor life. The current BPA audited average paid circulation is 121,162.

</doc>
<doc id="9684136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684136" title="Lake Bryde-East Lake Bryde">
Lake Bryde-East Lake Bryde

Lake Bryde-East Lake Bryde is a DIWA-listed freshwater wetland system in Western Australia. It is located at , in the Shire of Kent, 34 kilometres south-west of Newdegate. It in part of the Western Mallee biogeographic subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province.
The system consists of two lakes: Lake Bryde, with an area of 0.5 square kilometres; and East Lake Bryde, with an article of about 1.4 square kilometres. They are located at the head of a chain of lakes that extend to Lake Magenta, and ultimately form part of the Swan-Avon drainage system.
The Lake Bryde-East Lake Bryde system contains the only shrub-dominated lake bed vegetation community in the province. This community, which consists mainly of the critically endangered "Muehlenbeckia horrida" subsp. "abdita" (Remote Thorny Lignum) and "Tecticornia verrucosa", has been declared a critically endangered threatened ecological community under the name "Bryde".
The lakes experience a regular cycle of freshwater flooding followed by gradual drying, and their vegetation depends upon that cycle for its survival. Since the 1980s, rises in the water table caused by extensive land clearing for agriculture has resulted in greatly increased salinity of the area, increasing the lakes' salt load from 160 tons to around 1200 tons. Furthermore, changes to the area's hydrology have greatly increased the frequency of flooding. These factors have caused a severe decline in the extent and condition of the shrub beds. Because of the threat to "M. h." subsp. "abdita" and the ecological community as a whole, the lakes are protected by the Lake Bryde Nature Reserve.
The lake system has been identified as important to bird life, with sixteen bird species recorded there. It has also been found to support a substantially greater diversity of aquatic invertebrates than surrounding lake systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9684184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684184" title="Heinz Macher">
Heinz Macher

Heinz Macher (December 31, 1919 – December 21, 2001) was an SS-"Sturmbannführer" (major) and Nazi official during the Second World War. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Macher was born in Chemnitz, Germany and joined the Nazi Party in the early 1940s. He served as the second personal assistant to "Reichsführer-SS" Heinrich Himmler during the Second World War.
Career.
Macher was born in the town of Chemnitz in 1919. He joined the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) in 1940 and was attached to the "3rd SS-Panzergrenadier-Regiment "Deutschland"". He earned the Iron Cross First Class in March 1942. In 1943, he received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for valor in combat on the Eastern Front. In 1944, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and promoted to "Sturmbannführer" (major).
Macher was appointed the second assistant to Heinrich Himmler in 1944, followed by Werner Grothmann. In 1945, Macher led a group of 15 SS specialists who were ordered by Himmler to blow up the SS castle Wewelsburg near Paderborn in order to ensure that the devotional objects and important files should not fall into the hands of the Allies. The demolition command arrived on March 31, 1945. The same day, after Macher had informed the local fire brigade, the south-east tower, the least important tower of the large castle, was blown up. Because of lack of explosives they could not blow up the rest of the complex. Macher ordered the firemen not to extinguish the fire so that most of the complex was nevertheless destroyed. Macher was also charged with the task of burying the castle's treasures, including over 9,000 Death's Head rings held in a shrine to commemorate SS men killed in action. These treasures have never been found.
During the last few days of the war, Himmler, Macher and Grothmann traveled from Lübeck to Flensburg, where Himmler offered his services as second-in-command to the new interim government led by Karl Dönitz, who had been appointed a successor to Adolf Hitler. Dönitz repeatedly rejected Himmler's overtures and initiated peace negotiations with the Allies.
Dismissed from his posts and unwanted by his former colleagues, Himmler attempted to go into hiding in order to avoid capture. Himmler equipped himself with a forged paybook under the name of Sergeant Heinrich Hitzinger of the Geheime Feldpolizei (Secret Field Police), which was a mistake since members of this organization were sought after by the liberation forces. Macher and Grothmann were both dressed as army privates. Macher, Himmler and Grothmann were stopped at a checkpoint, which had been set up by former Soviet POWs, on May 21 and detained. The three men were taken to an Allied barracks in Lüneburg on May 23. During a routine interrogation, Himmler admitted who he was; thereafter, at the headquarters of the Second British Army, during an attempted medical examination Himmler bit into a hidden cyanide pill and died. After Himmler's suicide, Macher and Grothmann were arrested.
Macher appeared publicly in April 1966, along with other former SS officers, at the funeral of Josef Dietrich, displaying the medals of the late SS leader.
Macher died on December 21, 2001 in Schenefeld, Pinneberg, 10 days before his 82nd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="9684187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684187" title="Nepean Hospital">
Nepean Hospital

Nepean Hospital is a 520-bed teaching hospital in Kingswood. Nepean Hospital is located at the base of the Blue Mountains in Penrith, New South Wales, Australia.
Nepean Emergency Department is one of the busiest in Australia, treating over 54,000 patients annually. The Emergency Department is a modern, well-equipped, purpose built facility with an adjacent short stay unit. Providing world standard emergency care for a diverse case mix including paediatric patients, it is well supported by multi-speciality services including 24/7 Interventional Cardiology, Haematology, Trauma Services, Neurosurgery, Thoracic surgery, Urology, Plastic surgery, Paediatrics and Obstetrics & Gynaecology.
Also on the Nepean Hospital campus are a Neonatal ICU, Tresillian Family Care Centre, Menopause Service, Nepean Cancer Care Centre, Diabetes Service, Rehabilitation medicine and the Wentworth Centre for Drug and Alcohol Medicine. There is 24 hrs access to a state-of-the-art 64-slice CT scanner and MRI services. Nepean hospital boasts a 14 Theatre operating suite, with 6 new operating theatres which were opened in March 2012. Nepean hospital's operating suite is a 24 hour service covering urology; gynae & obstetrics; colo-rectal; upper GIT; Facio-maxillary; plastics; thoracic; pain team; dental; orthopaedics; vascular; neuro; ENT; general; Some Paediatric; some endoscopic and Emergency/Trauma surgical specialties.
In the department, friendly and considerate staff members provide excellent emergency care. As a teaching hospital, there is an interesting mix of experience among the staffs, and there is excellent senior cover for supervision and advice in the department by consultants who have considerable experience in emergency medicine and nursing care.
The Nepean Hospital Surgical Wing was opened on 12 March 2012. 
The hospital hosts a clinical school of Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney.
The first Penrith hospital was opened in 1860, containing 6 beds and was located on the modern day Cox Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9684191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684191" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Maryland">
List of law enforcement agencies in Maryland

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Maryland.
University agencies.
Breakthrough Bible College Police Office of Law Enforcement & Public Safety
See also.
Crime:
General:

</doc>
<doc id="9684197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684197" title="Philippine Senate election, 1955">
Philippine Senate election, 1955

A senatorial election in the Philippines was held on November 8, 1955. The 1955 elections were known as a midterm election as the date when the winners take office falls halfway through President Ramon Magsaysay's four-year term. 
Summary.
Since Magsaysay was very popular midway through his term, there were 10 candidates who ran under the Nacionalista banner. T His adoptive Nacionalista Party continued to grow in strength with the absorption of their erstwhile coalition partner, the Democratic Party; but a pillar of the NP could not hide his opposition to the president. Senator Claro M. Recto, one of those who actively sought the adoption of the former Defense Secretary into the NP fold in 1953, had grown critical of Magsaysay, calling him a “banana dictator” and “American puppet,” among other unflattering names. In retaliation, Magsaysay refused the inclusion of Recto into the NP Senate slate of 1955, prompting the Batangueño leader to seek support for his candidacy with the Liberals. 
Though Lorenzo Tañada of the NCP had cooperated with the NP in 1953, Recto became the first “guest candidate” in Philippine electoral history, when he was included in the Liberal Party lineup but did not resign his membership as a Nacionalista. 
Special elections.
There was a special election held for the vacant seat of Senator Carlos P. Garcia after he won as Vice President in 1953. Roseller T. Lim won and served the unexpired term of Garcia from 1955 to 1957.
Results.
Special election.
For Garcia's vacated senate seat when he was elected vice president on 1953. Unlike the regular election, this is held under the first past the post system.

</doc>
<doc id="9684205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684205" title="WANM">
WANM

WANM (90.5 FM) is an American radio station broadcasting a college radio (urban contemporary) format. Licensed to Tallahassee, Florida, the station serves the greater Tallahassee area. The radio station is owned by Florida A&M University. WANM was formerly an AM station at 1070 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="9684212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684212" title="Pohang Airport">
Pohang Airport

Pohang Airport is an airport in Pohang, South Korea . In 2011, 255,227 passengers used the airport.
History.
Pohang Airfield was originally developed during the Japanese Imperial period.
Korean war.
In early July 1950 Pohang airfield was identified as a potential base for USAF operations. On 7 July, Brigadier-General Timberlake deputy-commander of the Fifth Air Force ordered the development of the base. Company A 802nd Engineer Aviation Battalion landed at Pohang and began improving the airfield on 12 July by added a PSP extension and building hardstands for 27 F-51 Mustangs. The airfield was designated by the USAF as K-3.
Troops of the Korean People's Army (KPA) 12th Division infiltrated the Pohang area in early August and made guerilla attacks against the airfield. By 12 August KPA troops entered Pohang and so on 13 August the 35th Fighter-Interceptor Group evacuated to Tsuiki Air Field in Japan. ROK and U.S. forces routed the KPA several days later, but the continued presence of guerilla units mitigated against an early return to the base.
USAF units based there from July–August 1950 included:
The 802nd Battalion returned to Pohang on 27 September finding the airfield relatively undamaged. The 35th Fighter-Interceptor Group returned to Pohang on 3 October. On 12 October No. 77 Squadron RAAF operating F-51s arrived at Pohang.
In July, 1953 the United States Navy deployed two AJ (A-2) Savage aircraft to K-3 as a nuclear deterrent in the final days of the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="9684214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684214" title="2007 Canada Games">
2007 Canada Games

The 2007 Canada Winter Games were held in Whitehorse, Yukon, from Friday 23 February 2007 to Saturday 10 March 2007. These were the first Canada Games held "North of 60" (in the northern territories). The games were held concurrent with the Inuit Games and Dene Games. The Games were televised by CBC, SRC, TSN, RDS, and APTN.
The 2007 Canada Winter Games Pan Northern Torch Relay.
Prior to each Canada Games, a Torch Relay is conducted to herald the beginning of the competition and knit the country in common purpose. As the Olympic Torch is lit from the sun in great Olympia, the Canada Games Torch is lit from the Eternal Flame, burning upon Parliament Hill in the nation's capital. A truly staggering 100,000 km relay spanning the entire Canadian North was undertaken as a lead up to the start of the 2007 Canada Winter Games. After being lit in Ottawa, the Canada Games Torch was flown to CFB Alert, Nunavut, located on the north coast of Ellesmere Island - the "most northern permanently inhabited settlement in the world" where it was joined by the three 2007 Canada Winter Games Pan Northern Torches, each representing one of the Host Territories: Nunavut, Yukon Territory, Northwest Territories. The Canada Games Torch lit the three Pan Northern Torches which were then taken by three northern athletes who began the Torch Relay trek for their respective Territory. Together, the Canada Winter Games pan northern torches visited over 83 communities, partook in 13 Torch Challenges spotlighting unique places in the North, and travelled by all forms of northern transportation. Through the torch relay the spirit of the 2007 Whitehorse Canada Winter Games spread to every corner of Canada's North and engaged all its people. On 22 February 2007, the three 2007 Canada Winter Games Pan Northern Torches reunited in Whitehorse, Yukon and on 23 February relit the Canada Games Torch, following which, all four torches lit the Canada Games Cauldron, signalling the ceremonial start of the 2007 Canada Winter Games.
The Roly McLenahan Torch.
The Canada Games Torch was renamed the Roly McLenahan Torch in 1985, in honour of the late Roly McLenahan, who was an original member of the Canada Games Council and demonstrated a lifelong commitment to youth and their participation in sport. Roly McLenahan, himself, achieved notable records in both amateur and professional sport. He became the first Director of Sport in New Brunswick in 1961, and remained in that position for 23 years. He was inducted into the New Brunswick Sports Hall of Fame in 1982 for his athletic prowess as a hockey player. He was instrumental in New Brunswick's support for and participation in the Games. The Roly McLenahan Torch is used to commence each Canada Games Torch Relay and must be used to ignite the official Games Flame during the Opening Ceremonies. There are two Roly McLenahan Torches: the original torch and a newer version. Both are metal, the former has a stitched leather handle (worn and somewhat loose) and the later has a wrapped leather handle (similar to that used on a bat or raquet). Both share a similar flared top with a receptical for a solid fuel source.
The Three 2007 Canada Winter Games Pan Northern Torches.
The three 2007 2007 Canada Winter Games Pan Northern Torches were commissioned by Touch the North, Inc. for donation to the 2007 Whitehorse Canada Winter Games Society. Each torch is unique, with a carved handle fashioned from caribou antler by artist Shane Wilson. Caribou antler was chosen because of its unique handle-like shaft, as well as the fact that caribou are universally present in all three of Canada's Territories. The palm and tine portion of the antlers, which normally point upward in their natural state, were reversed to point downward and host the signature carvings. Each carving contains three elements: an animal significant to the respective Territory, the Canada Games Maple Leaf logo with an addition of three veins to represent the three territories who have joined together to host the Games, and an element containing 13 parts to signify the Provinces and Territories that make up Canada. The Yukon Torch features a raven overlooking 13 mountain tops of the northern boreal forest; the Northwest Territories Torch sports a polar bear clambering onto secure footing from an ice pan breaking up into 13 pieces; the Nunavut Torch displays the narwhal with tusk passing through the Canada Games Maple Leaf logo, swimming amongst 13 ocean waves. The torch tops are fashioned from stainless steel and copper and hold a solid fuel source - a 'cupcake' of wax and woodchips that has a burn time of about 1/2 hour. Following the 2007 Canada Winter Games, the three Pan Northern Torches were presented to their respective Territories for permanent display.
Opening Ceremonies.
The opening ceremonies were held on Friday 23 February 2007, at ATCO Place, a temporary tent structure built adjacent to the Yukon River for the Games. The ceremonies were aired on CBC and the First Nations Channel, broadcast in English, French, and Inuktituk. The national anthem was sung twice, first in T'chone and then in the usual mixed-language English and French (starting in English, then changing language verse by verse). The premiers of Yukon, Nunavut, Northwest Territories and Prime Minister Stephen Harper officially opened the games.
Closing Ceremonies.
The closing ceremonies were conducted 10 March 2007 at ATCO Place with 3500 in attendance to watch entertainment and hear closing speeches. Jennifer Knight, a skier from the Yukon, handed a torch to Hilary Hansen, an athlete from Prince Edward Island, host province of the 2009 Canada Games.
Sports Contested & Venues.
Demonstration sport
Inuit games and Dene games
Records.
No province or territory was denied a medal in the final standings, an unprecedented occurrence for the Canada Games.
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background:#78FF78;" | Canada Games

</doc>
<doc id="9684223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684223" title="Julie Reuben">
Julie Reuben

Julie A. Reuben (born August 2, 1960) is a historian interested in the role of education in American society and culture. Her teaching and research address broad questions about the purposes of education; the relation between educational institutions and political and social concerns; and the forces that shape educational change.
Biography.
Reuben is Professor of Education on the faculty of the Harvard University Graduate School of Education. She received her BA in history from Brandeis University and her MA and PhD in history from Stanford University. She has been selected as a fellow for the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences and received a Major Research Grant from the Spencer Foundation.
She is the author of "Making of the Modern University: Intellectual Transformation and the Marginalization of Morality", selected as a Choice Outstanding Academic Book. This book examines the relation between changing conceptions of knowledge, standards of scholarship, and the position of religion and morality in the American university during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The book draws on examples from eight universities: Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Johns Hopkins, Chicago, Stanford, Michigan, and Berkeley. A review by Landy compares Reuben's work to that of George Marsden, who is more directly concerned with the role of religion and Christianity.
She has written a number of articles related to campus activism, access to higher education, curriculum changes, and citizenship education in the public schools. She is currently working on a book, tentatively entitled "Campus Revolts: Politics and the American University in the 1960s", which will be the first serious historical study of campus protests and their impact on American higher education.

</doc>
<doc id="9684260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684260" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Massachusetts">
List of law enforcement agencies in Massachusetts

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="9684270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684270" title="Laguna Lake Development Authority">
Laguna Lake Development Authority

The Philippines' Laguna Lake Development Authority abbreviated as LLDA is one of the attached agencies of the Philippines' Department of Environment and Natural Resources responsible in the preservation, development and sustainability of the Laguna de Bay and its 21 major tributary rivers.
History.
The Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA) was established in 1966 as a quasi-government agency that leads, promotes, and accelerates sustainable development in the Laguna de Bay Region. Regulatory and law-enforcement functions are carried out with provisions on environmental management, particularly on water quality monitoring, conservation of natural resources, and community-based natural resource management.
Its mission is to catalyze Integrated Water Resource Management in the Laguna de Bay Region, showcasing the symbiosis of man and nature for sustainability, with focus on preserving ecological integrity and promoting economic growth with equitable access to resources.
While water levels in Angat and La Mesa reservoirs remain at alert level, Laguna de Bay boasts of its abundant water that is now tapped by Maynilad Water Services, Inc. to supply the water needs of the communities in Muntinlupa, Las Pinas and nearby areas.
The LLDA, as early as August 7, 2009, approved the water permit application of Maynilad to allow the West Zone concessionaire to abstract 100 million liters per day of lake water to be made available for domestic consumption. Maynilad started the production of 50 MLD last June 2010 and expects to produce 100 MLD in September this year using surface raw water from Laguna de Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="9684294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684294" title="Everett Bacon">
Everett Bacon

C. Everett "Ev" Bacon (August 18, 1890 – February 1, 1989) was an American football quarterback in college. He was also a star athlete in baseball, basketball, tennis, and golf.
Bacon was twice an All-American in football (1910 and 1912). He was "one of only two players not from an Ivy League institution on the 1912 team. One of the other All-Americans on the 1912 team was Jim Thorpe." As an undergraduate at Wesleyan University (class of 1913), Bacon helped pioneer the use of the forward pass.
In 1966, Bacon was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. Since 1936, Wesleyan has awarded the C. Everett Bacon Award to the institution's Most Valuable Football Player.
Wesleyan’s Bacon Field House, a field house, was named to honor him.

</doc>
<doc id="9684299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684299" title="Shakespeare Tavern">
Shakespeare Tavern

The Shakespeare Tavern is an Elizabethan playhouse located in the SoNo district of Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The Tavern is home to the Atlanta Shakespeare Company and Chef for a Night catering, which offers British pub food and beverages before each performance. The Tavern has been located at 499 Peachtree Street since 1990.
History of the Atlanta Shakespeare Company (1984 to 1990).
The Atlanta Shakespeare Company was started on May 16, 1984 by Jeffrey Watkins, who continues to serve as president of the company, which performed its first production of "As You Like It" at Manuel's Tavern on North Highland Avenue. Over a period of six years, The Atlanta Shakespeare Company produced "Romeo and Juliet", "Much Ado about Nothing", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "The Merchant of Venice", "Twelfth Night", "The Two Gentlemen of Verona", and "The Taming of the Shrew" in the back room at Manuel's, and at the nearby Excelsior Mill, attracting national attention with articles in "The Wall Street Journal", "The New York Times", and coverage by CBS and CNN.
Opening of the Tavern (1990 to 1999).
In 1990, The Atlanta Shakespeare Company opened the Shakespeare Tavern at 499 Peachtree Street. Since the Tavern opened, The Atlanta Shakespeare Company has produced over 73 plays, presenting 1,600 plus performances, including more than 30 Shakespeare titles and over 18 period classics by the likes of Aristophanes, Shaw, Aphra Behn, Jean Racine, Christopher Marlowe, Jean Anouilh, Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Niccolò Machiavelli, Albert Camus, Jean Genet, Tennessee Williams, Molière, Bertolt Brecht, Jean Cocteau, and Thornton Wilder. In 1995, The Atlanta Shakespeare Company was the first American company to perform on the stage of Shakespeare's Globe in London, England.
The New American Shakespeare Tavern (1999 to present).
After a $1.6 million renovation and expansion, The Atlanta Shakespeare Company opened the New American Shakespeare Tavern on October 15, 1999. Complete with a Globe-inspired balcony, the renovated Tavern created an even more active Elizabethan actor/audience dynamic. In spring 2006, after completing a $500,000 renovation, The Atlanta Shakespeare Company revealed a Globe-inspired façade, further adding to the Elizabethan feel of the Tavern.
In 2004, The Shakespeare Tavern was listed as a Major Festival in the book "Shakespeare Festivals Around the World" by Marcus D. Gregio (Editor).
In spring 2011, the Atlanta Shakespeare Company became the first American company to complete the Shakespearean Canon with a production of "Edward III", though the play's authorship is disputed. Following the completion of the canon, they put on a satirical production of "Double Falsehood".

</doc>
<doc id="9684305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684305" title="Bob Rogers (disc jockey)">
Bob Rogers (disc jockey)

Bob Rogers OAM (born 3 December 1926) is an Australian disc jockey and radio broadcaster. He currently presents "The Bob Rogers Show", Monday to Friday between 9 am – 1 pm and the 6-hour Saturday evening "Reminiscing" program on Sydney radio station 2CH.
Early life.
Rogers was born to British parents and raised in Donald, Victoria. His father had been a junior butcher before becoming a farmer. He used to help his father round up the sheep and catch the lambs before slaughter.
Career.
Rogers began his career as a panel operator for 3XY in Melbourne in 1942. Moving onto a Hobart station on a weekly wage of £8, he worked six days a week as a radio announcer, including presenting racing on Saturdays. Soon, Rogers was given permission to start a Sunday afternoon music program, playing new records given to him by American sailors coming off ships from America. Sponsors came in but when he asked for either a pay rise or Saturdays off, he was rejected. Rogers resigned and started a similar music program on Brisbane's 4BH in 1950. In 1957, Rogers discovered the Slim Dusty song "Pub With No Beer" and was the first DJ in Australia to play the song and catapult it to number one on the charts. He became successful and subsequently presented Australia's first Top 40 show on 2UE from 1958 to 1962. He was Australia's top radio DJ for the next 8 years.
In 1962 he joined 2SM which jumped to number 1. In 1964 Rogers was chosen to represent 2SM on The Beatles' tour through Europe, Asia and Australia. Consequently Rogers became known as "the fifth Beatle". He returned to 2UE and presented his morning radio show with a new format of provocative commentary, gossip and music. His programme became popular amongst interview-hungry artists. In 1976, Rogers wrote "Rock And Roll Australia", a book about the birth of the Australian rock industry. In 1982, he started a chain of Women's dress shops, called "Saucy Froots".
Due to his overwhelming popularity amongst the audience, Rogers ventured into television. "The Bob Rogers Show", a late night TV variety show, ran for five years on the Seven Network.
In 1994 Rogers returned to 2UE to present a Sunday morning show.
2CH radio.
In November 1995, Rogers accepted John Singleton's offer and joined Sydney radio station 2CH. On 21 February 2007, according to the Nielsen radio ratings survey, Bob Rogers' Morning show became the fourth most heard radio programme in Sydney in that particular timeslot by beating John Laws of 2UE into fifth place. This is no mean feat as it is generally much more difficult for an easy listening station in Sydney to achieve a greater audience share than a talkback station. Overall, 2CH has overtaken 2UE to claim sixth place.
Rivalry.
On 5 December 2007, Rogers was verbally abused with obscenities by long-time professional rival John Laws in unprovoked circumstances whilst dining at lunch with 3AW personality Derryn Hinch in a Woolloomooloo restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="9684358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684358" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Michigan">
List of law enforcement agencies in Michigan

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="9684376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684376" title="Wisconsin Air National Guard">
Wisconsin Air National Guard

The Wisconsin Air National Guard (WI ANG) is the air force militia of the State of Wisconsin, United States of America. It is, along with the Wisconsin Army National Guard, an element of the Wisconsin National Guard.
As state militia units, the units in the Wisconsin Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command. They are under the jurisdiction of the Governor of Wisconsin though the office of the Wisconsin Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the President of the United States. The Wisconsin Air National Guard is headquartered in Madison, and its commander is Brigadier General John E. McCoy.
Overview.
Under the "Total Force" concept, Wisconsin Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). Wisconsin ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the Wisconsin Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as state militia units the elements of the Wisconsin ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. State missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The Wisconsin Air National Guard consists of the following major units:
Support Unit Functions and Capabilities:
History.
The Militia Act of 1903 established the present National Guard system, units raised by the states but paid for by the Federal Government, liable for immediate state service. If federalized by Presidential order, they fall under the regular military chain of command. On 1 June 1920, the Militia Bureau issued Circular No.1 on organization of National Guard air units. 
The Wisconsin Air National Guard origins date to 30 July 1940 with the establishment of the 126th Observation Squadron and is oldest unit of the Wisconsin Air National Guard. It is one of the 29 original National Guard Observation Squadrons of the United States Army National Guard formed before World War II. The 126th Observation Squadron was ordered into active service on 2 June 1941 as part of the buildup of the Army Air Corps prior to the United States entry into World War II.
On 24 May 1946, the United States Army Air Forces, in response to dramatic postwar military budget cuts imposed by President Harry S. Truman, allocated inactive unit designations to the National Guard Bureau for the formation of an Air Force National Guard. These unit designations were allotted and transferred to various State National Guard bureaus to provide them unit designations to re-establish them as Air National Guard units.
The modern Wisconsin ANG received federal recognition on 25 June 1947 as the 126th Fighter Squadron at General Mitchell Field, Milwaukee. It was equipped with F-51D Mustangs and its mission was the air defense of the state. On 6 October 1948 the 176th Fighter Squadron was formed at Truax Field, Madison, also equipped with F-51D Mustangs with an air defense mission. 18 September 1947, however, is considered the Wisconsin Air National Guard's official birth concurrent with the establishment of the United States Air Force as a separate branch of the United States military under the National Security Act.
On 23 June 1948, the 126th Fighter Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level and the 128th Fighter Group was federally recognized at Milwaukee. The 115th Fighter-Interceptor Group was federally recognized at Madison on 15 April 1956 when the 176th Fighter Squadron was expanded to a Group.
Today, the 128th Air Refueling Wing (128th ARW) provides aerial refueling support to Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps and allied nation aircraft. The 115th Fighter Wing (115 FW) files the Block 30 F-16C/D Fighting Falcon fighter and is part of the USAF Air Combat Command attack forces performing air-interdiction and close air support (CAS).
After the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, elements of every Air National Guard unit in Wisconsin has been activated in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Flight crews, aircraft maintenance personnel, communications technicians, air controllers and air security personnel were engaged in Operation Noble Eagle air defense overflights of major United States cities. Also, Wisconsin ANG units have been deployed overseas as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as well as other locations as directed.

</doc>
<doc id="9684445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684445" title="Villa Sainte-Marcelline">
Villa Sainte-Marcelline

Villa Sainte-Marcelline is a private French school located in Westmount, Quebec. It is an all-girl school from kindergarten up to grade 11. There is also a cegep, named CIM, for girls and boys.
History.
In September 1959, the Marcelline nuns opened the doors of the school to 66 students in the "Aimé Geoffrion" mansion on Upper Belmont Avenue in Westmount. Six years later, the school bought the next door house but it would only be in 1988 that the school would experience its first big constructions. These works made it possible to join both houses to create a bigger school. The students now benefitted from a new gym, auditorium and several science labs. With the expansion of the school, it increased its student population and diversified its extracurriculars. It became a first choice school for elite French families and for wealthy English families wanting to integrate their children in a French environment to improve their command of the French language. 
Nowadays the school is known to be the only French private school in Westmount and the one located at the very top of the Hill. Often, the acronym 'VSM' is used to replace the school's full name.
In 2005, the school expanded yet again, building an adjacent building containing a gym, a new cafeteria, a computer lab, a library and class spaces for the cegep. 
The school is also one of the few in Montreal that offers a trilingual program (English, French, Spanish) throughout the whole secondary. 
I think this is the same link: http://www2.college.marcelline.qc.ca/
Address: 9155 Gouin Boul O, Montreal, Quebec,Canada

</doc>
<doc id="9684474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684474" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Minnesota">
List of law enforcement agencies in Minnesota

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="9684477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684477" title="Ulsan Airport">
Ulsan Airport

Ulsan Airport is an airport in Ulsan, South Korea. In 2011, 587,834 passengers used the airport.
Ground Transportations.
Bus.
● 102, 111, 122, 203, 205, 216, 225, 235, 236, 256, 266, 402, 412, 422, 432, 442, 453, 702, 722, 732, 5003(to KTX Ulsan Station)

</doc>
<doc id="9684497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684497" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kingstown">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kingstown

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kingstown () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The diocese comprises the entirety of the nation of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The diocese is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The Diocese of Kingstown was erected on 23 October 1989 by Pope John Paul II. It was formed by splitting the Diocese of Bridgetown-Kingstown into the dioceses of Kingstown and Bridgetown.
The cathedral of the diocese is the Cathedral of the Assumption in Kingstown. The diocese includes about 10,000 faithful, served by six parishes, five pre-schools, three primary schools, and two secondary schools.
The founding bishop was Robert Rivas, who served since the inception of the diocese to 2007 when he was appointed Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Castries. As of 19 July 2007 the See of Kingstown had been vacant until a new bishop, Charles Jason Gordon, was named by the Vatican on the 8 July 2011 at 6 a.m. St. Vincent & the Grenadines time. Archbishop Rivas had been appointed Apostolic Administrator until the appointment of a new bishop. He has appointed as his apostolic delegate Fr. Pio Atonio M.F., who oversaw the everyday running of the diocese. On July 8, 2011 Pope Benedict XVI appointed Charles Jason Gordon as Bishop of Kingstown (and at the same time as Bishop of Bridgetown, Barbados). In addition it was decreed that Kingstown switched its Metropolitan from the Archdiocese of Castries, Saint Lucia to the Archdiocese of Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="9684498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684498" title="Philippine Senate election, 1951">
Philippine Senate election, 1951

A senatorial election was held in the Philippines on November 13, 1951. The election was known as a midterm election as the date when elected candidates take office falls halfway through President Elpidio Quirino's four-year term.
Summary.
As the Hukbalahap insurgency raged in Central Luzon, Filipinos trooped to the polling booths for the 1951 midterm elections—a referendum on President Quirino, who had won the presidency in his own right two years prior. Despite the political remarriage of the two factions of the Liberal Party, the Quirinistas and Avelinistas, the Quirino administration was still far from popular and had gained notoriety for its inability to rein in corruption and its ineffectual attempts to police lawlessness in the countryside. The Nacionalistas took advantage of the situation and mounted an active campaign to wrest back the Senate from the LP. Led by former President Jose P. Laurel, Quirino’s chief adversary in the 1949 presidential polls, the NP swept all eight Senate seats in contention, the first total victory of the opposition in the Senate. So strong was the rejection of the Quirino administration in 1951 that even LP top honcho, Senate President Mariano Jesus Cuenco, lost his seat. Laurel received the highest number of votes, which was seen as his political rehabilitation and which made him the first and only president, thus far, to have served in the Senate after his presidency.
Felisberto Verano, also a Nacionalista, won the special elections held on the same day to fill the Senate seat vacated by Vice-President Fernando Lopez.
Block voting, established in 1941, was abolished in 1951 with Republic Act No. 599. This would later lead to more fragmented results in most national elections. 
Results.
Special election.
To serve the unexpired term of Fernando Lopez until December 30, 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="9684500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684500" title="IROC XVI">
IROC XVI

The sixteenth year of IROC competition took place in 1992. IROC XVI was the third year the Dodge Daytona was used in competition, and continued the format introduced in IROC VIII. Race one took place on the Daytona International Speedway, race two took place at Talladega Superspeedway, and races three and four ran at Michigan International Speedway. Ricky Rudd won the series championship, and took home $175,000 for his efforts.
The roster of drivers and final points standings were as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="9684527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684527" title="Wonju Airport">
Wonju Airport

Wonju Airport is an airport in Wonju, South Korea . During the Korean War it was designated K-46 by the United States Air Force. The airport is mainly for military use. In 2011, 70,943 passengers utilized the airport. 
Only one parking space is capable of handling a Boeing 737-900. The airport has a single daily scheduled flight, operated by Korean Air with a 737-900, to Jeju.

</doc>
<doc id="9684541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684541" title="Bobby Martinez">
Bobby Martinez

Bobby Martinez (born May 26, 1982) is a professional surfer from Santa Barbara, California.
Career.
Martinez began surfing at age 6. When he was old enough, he joined the National Scholastic Surfing Association (NSSA) where he went on to win a record seven national titles. After several injury prone years he joined the Association of Surfing Professionals in 2005. His first major title as a professional was the "O'Neill Coldwater Classic" in 2005. He joined the World Championship Tour in 2006, finishing the year with No. 5 ranking which earned him Rookie of the Year honors with wins in Teahupoo and Mundaka. He also won in Mundaka in 2007 and In May 2009, Bobby won the Billabong Pro Tahiti.
On September 7, 2011 Bobby Martinez was suspended from the ASP. Disillusioned with a World No. 22 ranking that left him in danger of being relegated to surfing's second tier after this event, Martinez had already announced New York would be his swansong. While being interviewed after his heat he blasted officials during a publicly broadcast interview on Long Beach at the Quiksilver New York Pro. The outspoken Santa Barbara Surfer has been a long-time critic of the ASP's controversial rankings system, but his profane rant – streamed on beachside big screens and over the Internet live – left event organisers and ASP officials furious.
On June 7, 2012, Bobby signed on with local Ventura Shop, Homegrown Surf Shop, after finding out that the owner was his long lost cousin.
Personal life.
Bobby Martinez is of Mexican American descent. He married his wife Cleo in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9684572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684572" title="Viggo Hansteen">
Viggo Hansteen

Harald Viggo Hansteen (13 September 1900 – 10 September 1941) was a Norwegian lawyer who was executed by the Nazis during the five-year Occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany. 
Biography.
Harald Viggo Hansteen was born in Oslo, Norway. As a student he was a part of the establishment of Mot Dag. When cooperation between Mot Dag and the Norwegian Communist Party came to an end in 1929, he stayed in the Communist Party. He became a Supreme Court advocate in 1933 and judicial consultant for the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions in 1936. In 1940 he went with the government in exile to London, but came back to Oslo in June. He contributed strongly to the prevention of the Nasjonal Samling's attempt to gain control of the Confederation of Trade Unions. 
Hansteen was executed on 10 September 1941 during the state of martial law which followed the so-called Milk Strike ("Melkestreiken"). The reason for the strike was that food supplies had become increasingly worse by September 1941. Also executed at that same time was labour activist Rolf Wickstrøm, who was the union steward and chairman for the union workers at the Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk in Oslo. Hansteen and Wickstrøm were the first two Norwegian citizens executed by the Nazis during the five-year occupation of Norway. Hansteen and Rolf Wickstrøm are buried in Vår Frelsers gravlund.
Viggo Hansteen and Rolf Wickstrøm were honored by the naming of a section of road around Oslo which bears their names. Hansteen's widow Kirsten Hansteen became a part of Einar Gerhardsen's coalition government in 1945 and was Norway's first female cabinet member.
In 1948, a memorial was erected in granite with a bronze relief at the site of Hansteen's execution at Årvoll in the Bjerke district of Oslo. The memorial was directed by Norwegian sculptor Nic Schiøll (1901–1984). It bears the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9684589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684589" title="David L. Clark">
David L. Clark

David Lytle Clark (26 September 1864 – 3 February 1939) was an American entrepreneur who came to the U.S. with his family when he was 8 years old, and who founded the D. L. Clark Company in 1886 in Allegheny, Pennsylvania now part of Pittsburgh.
Its creations include the Clark bar and the Zagnut. Over the years the Clark Company has been bought and sold several times and is currently a holding of Necco (New England Confectionery Company).

</doc>
<doc id="9684593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684593" title="Ammi majus">
Ammi majus

Ammi majus, commonly known as bishop's flower, bishop’s weed, false bishop’s weed, bullwort, greater ammi, lady’s lace, False Queen Anne's lace or laceflower, originates in the Nile River Valley and has white lace-like flower clusters. "Ammi majus" fruits can be distinguished by the presence of four prominent secondary ridges and by the absence of lacunae outside the vascular bundles, as seen in the transverse section of fruit. It contains large amounts of furanocoumarin, xanthotoxin, and bergapten. The furanocoumarin in the plant can cause phytophotodermatitis and hyperpigmentation. "Ammi majus" is used in the treatment of vitiligo and psoriasis.
Medicinal uses.
In ancient Egypt, this plant was used to treat skin diseases. "Ammi majus" is being studied for potential cancer and AIDS treatments.

</doc>
<doc id="9684609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684609" title="Virgin Islands National Guard">
Virgin Islands National Guard

The U.S. Virgin Islands National Guard consists of the:

</doc>
<doc id="9684619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684619" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Mississippi">
List of law enforcement agencies in Mississippi

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="9684626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684626" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Basse-Terre">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Basse-Terre

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Basse-Terre () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The diocese comprises the entirety of the former French dependency of Guadeloupe. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Fort-de-France, and is a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
Erected in 1850 from the Archdiocese of Fort-de-France, as the Diocese of Guadeloupe and Basse-Terre, the diocese was renamed in 1951 to the Diocese of Basse-Terre. 

</doc>
<doc id="9684644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684644" title="Sacheon Airport">
Sacheon Airport

Sacheon Airport is an airport in Sacheon, South Korea . It also serves the city of Jinju. The airport passenger service began in 1977 after years of delays. The airport has a small single storey terminal building for domestic flights within South Korea. In 2011, 143,483 passengers utilized the airport.[http://kac.airport.co.kr/eng/airnat/airstat/act_airport_view.jsp]
Airlines & destinations.
Sacheon is a domestic airport with only two airlines serving to and from this airport. Direct flights are from Jeju and Seoul (Gimpo) only. Korean Airlines has two flights daily and Asiana has two flights (Friday and Sunday each) at the airport.
Transportation.
Besides private cars and taxi, the airport is connected by buses(No.75 and No.95) to Jinju and Sacheon. The airport is accessed via Gonghangdero Expressway.
Tenants.
Korea Express Air began chartered flights from Jeju to Jinju in 2011.
The airport is also home to a Korea Aerospace Industries, which manufactures military aircraft, satellites and aircraft engines. The T-50 trainers used by the Sacheon Air Base are manufactured by the company on the north side of the airport.
Air Base.
Korean War.
During the Korean War the USAF designated the base K-4.
The Base was used as part of the USAF's Bout One project to train South Korean pilots to fly the F-51 in 1950.
The ROKAF 10th Fighter Wing was formed at the base in 1951.
Postwar.
The Republic of Korea Air Force operates from Sacheon using trainers and test aircraft at Jinju, which is home to the Republic of Korea Air Force Education and Training Command since 1998. Hangars for the trainers are found on the north and south sides of the airport.
On 13 November 2003 a KAI KT-1 crashed shortly after takeoff from the base, the instructor ekjected safely while the trainee was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="9684664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684664" title="Hiroshima Museum of Art">
Hiroshima Museum of Art

The is an art museum founded in 1978. It is located in the Hiroshima Central Park in Hiroshima City, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9684672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684672" title="Yeosu Airport">
Yeosu Airport

Yeosu Airport is an airport in Yeosu, South Korea . In 2011, 618,970 passengers used the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9684692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684692" title="District of Columbia National Guard">
District of Columbia National Guard

The District of Columbia National Guard is the branch of the United States National Guard based in Washington, D.C.. It comprises both Army National Guard and Air National Guard components.
The President of the United States is the Commander in Chief of the National Guard of the District of Columbia at all times. Command is exercised through the Secretary of Defense and the Commanding General, Joint Force Headquarters, District of Columbia National Guard. The Secretary of Defense has delegated his command authority to the Secretary of the Army for the District of Columbia Army National Guard and the Secretary of the Air Force for the District of Columbia Air National Guard. The District of Columbia National Guard is commanded by a Major General with a Brigadier General as his or her adjutant. The Mayor of the District of Columbia, or the United States Marshal for the District of Columbia, or the National Capital Service Director, may request the Commander in Chief to aid them in suppressing insurrection and enforcement of the law.
History.
It descends from the 25th Battalion of the Maryland Militia, Headquartered in Georgetown, Maryland, formed 1776 to fight in the American Revolutionary War. After Congress established the Federal District in District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801, local Militia units were reorganized again, to form what would become the District of Columbia National Guard. 
Francis Scott Key, a Georgetown lawyer, was an artillery officer in this local militia. During the War of 1812, Key went on a mission of mercy to Baltimore, Maryland after the invasion and burning of Washington, D.C., seeking the release of a local doctor who had been arrested for arresting British Army looters. Key watched the bombardment of Fort McHenry, and wrote a poem that became the United States National Anthem.
The Headquarters and Headquarters Company/372nd Military Police Battalion (ARNG DC), which traces its lineage to the Columbian Division, is one of only nineteen Army National Guard units with campaign credit for the War of 1812.
Supervision and control of District of Columbia National Guard was delegated by the President of the United States to the Secretary of Defense pursuant to Executive Order 10030, 26 January 1949 with authority given to the Secretary to designate officials of the National Military Establishment to administer affairs of the District of Columbia National Guard. The Secretary of the Army was directed to act for the Secretary of Defense in all matters pertaining to the ground component, and the Secretary of the Air Force was directed to act in all matters pertaining to the air component of the District of Columbia National Guard by Secretary of Defense memorandum, 2 February 1949.
Unique law.
Normally American federal law specifically charges the U.S. National Guard with dual federal and state missions. As the U.S. federal government abolished the jurisdiction of the state of Maryland and states rights in Washington, D.C. to establish a federal district, there is no elected governor to command this guard unit. This is the only national guard unit that reports only to the U.S. president.
The U.S. National Guard is the only United States military force empowered to function in a state or in this case a district status. Those functions range from limited actions during non-emergency situations to full scale law enforcement of martial law when local law enforcement officials can no longer maintain civil control. The National Guard may be called into federal service in response to a call by the President or Congress.
When the U.S. National Guard is called to federal service, the U.S. President serves as Commander-in-Chief. The federal mission assigned to the U.S. National Guard is: "To provide properly trained and equipped units for prompt mobilization for war, National emergency or as otherwise needed."

</doc>
<doc id="9684701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684701" title="Edouard Masengo">
Edouard Masengo

Edouard (Katiti) Masengo (born 1933 in Kafubu, Haut-Katanga District, Democratic Republic of the Congo - 27 March, 2003) was a Congolese guitarist. 
In 1950 Masengo helped train JECOKE, a comedic troop of Kenyan youths. The JECOKE troop went on tour through Kenya, Uganda, Congo Brazzaville, Belgian Congo, and Cameroon, with great success, due to their "kalinchelincheli" dance. A music contest was organized in Leopoldville in 1956. The winner was JECOKE, who beat out famed local artists such as Wendo Kolosoy, Grand Kalle and Franco to win.
The day before the Independence of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Masengo decided to go to Nairobi, Kenya, where he was to make several productions with such great stars as Miriam Makeba of South Africa. 
Donat Muya, chief of the Lubumbashi National Museum, says that Masengo went to meet Harry Belafonte in Kingston, Jamaica . They sang Masengo's compositions as a duet, and this new fame opened the door for Masengo to get contracts to endorse the products of such firms as Coca-Cola, Ford, and Shell. However, Edouard Masengo did not forget his roots in Katanga. He returned there often to visit fellow musicians Losla Abelo and Mwenda wa Bayeke (Jean-Bosco Mwenda).
In 1972 Masengo returned for good to Lubumbashi, but was stripped of his wealth by the government in Zaire.
He died in poverty on March 27, 2003, but his musical influence lives on in such artists as Watoto Wawili, Kabwebu Kitambala, Victorina, Ndoa, Bibi Theresa, Jadotville, and others. 

</doc>
<doc id="9684711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684711" title="You'll Think of Me">
You'll Think of Me

"You'll Think of Me" is a song recorded by Australian country music artist Keith Urban. The song was written by hit songwriters Darrell Brown, Ty Lacy and Dennis Matkosky. It was released in January 2004 as the fourth single from his album "Golden Road". The song reached number-one with a 2 week stay on the Hot Country Songs chart, as well as number 24 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also peaked at number 2 on the Adult Contemporary charts.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Sam Erickson and premiered in early 2004.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Awards.
In 2006, this song became Keith Urban's first to win the Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance. 

</doc>
<doc id="9684735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684735" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Missouri">
List of law enforcement agencies in Missouri

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="9684748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684748" title="National Scholastic Surfing Association">
National Scholastic Surfing Association

The National Scholastic Surfing Association (NSSA) is a surfing association in the United States. It is a member organization of Surfing America, the National Governing Body of Surfing in the United States. Founded in 1978 by Chuck Allen, John Rothrock and Tom Gibbons, the association was formed with the purpose of uniting amateur surfers from around the country under one competitive association. Since much of the membership consists of students, one of the prerequisites in joining the association is the maintenance of good grades. 
The NSSA is divided into nine conferences nationwide. The Hawaii conference covers the island chain of Oahu, Kauai, Maui and the Big Island. The Southwest conference, Gold Coast conference, Northwest Conference and the NSSA Junior novice program are based in California. The east coast is represented by the Northeast, Southeast, Southeast/North and Florida Gulf conferences. Surfers from the various conferences compete for slots in regional championships to earn a slot into the NSSA National Championships. Top surfers then earn slots into the Surfing America USA Championships which has competitors from all major organizations competing for USA Championship titles and a spot on the USA Surf Team. Although it has a special emphasis on student surfers, the NSSA membership is open to anyone who wants to surf competitively as an amateur. 
Many well known surfers have competed in the association before turning professional. These include Kelly Slater, Andy Irons, Carissa Moore, Kalani Robb, Cheyne Magnusson, Bethany Hamilton and Bobby Martinez. Carissa Moore currently holds the most NSSA Nationals titles with 11 overall while Kolohe Andino holds the most titles won by a male competitor (9). The association once fielded a national team which competed against a Townend/Cairns team from Australia.
The Southwest Conference Explorer Division added kneeboarding in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="9684763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684763" title="Irondequoit High School">
Irondequoit High School

Irondequoit High School (IHS) is a public high school in the town of Irondequoit, New York, a major suburb of Rochester, New York.
History.
Irondequoit District Number 3 renamed their original "Irondequoit Union Free School" as Irondequoit High School in 1924. A larger property, the Williams farm, was bought on Cooper Road in 1927 for $72,000. By 1931 a middle school - Reuben A. Dake School - had been built on the Cooper Road site. A new high school was built just to the south in 1949-1950 for $1,000,000. The building was dedicated on October 26, 1950.
The high school building was erected in 1924, as the Irondequoit Free Union School, District Number 3. This district was joined to District Number 4 in 1953 to become the West Irondequoit Central School District.
First Addition
The high school was enlarged in 1957 at a cost of $1,750,000: 25 regular classrooms were added; music rooms for band, chorus and orchestra; a library; two art rooms; a cafeteria for 500 students; a pool (and locker room); and enlarged offices.
Second Addition
In 1961 another $28,000 was spent to connect the cafeteria with the south end of the 1957 wing.
Third Addition
As the town continued to grow, more classrooms were needed. Twenty-six more were added, as well as a 300-student cafeteria, rooms for shop classes, and more locker rooms and shower rooms for athletics. To match this expansion in school attendance, the kitchen, library, chemistry and biology labs, and offices were expanded. All of this cost $1,602,650. The new space was occupied at the start of the 1964-1965 school year.
Demographics.
The following figures are taken from a New York State "District Report Card" for 2002
Some statistics for lower grades in the same district are included for comparison.
<br>
<br>
Statistics from the Department of Education:
Athletics.
The Irondequoit lacrosse team has earned a reputation as one of the premier programs in the country. In November 2006, it was the subject of a documentary film called "Irondequoit: Lacrosse Town USA". From its founding in 1957 through the 2007 season, the lacrosse team has never finished a season with a losing record. Irondequoit lacrosse teams have won 28 championship titles and have produced 30 High School All-Americans, plus a long list of college lacrosse coaches.
The Irondequoit High School mascot is the Eagles. It was formerly the "Indians" but was changed in the early 2000s.
Noted alumni.
The following notable people attended Irondequoit High School:

</doc>
<doc id="9684797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684797" title="Cinereous tinamou">
Cinereous tinamou

The cinereous tinamou ("Crypturellus cinereus"), also known as brushland tinamou, is a type of ground bird found in swamp and lowland forests in northern South America. They have some localized names that have been used by the indigenous people such as in Amazonas where they are called "inambu-pixuna", and in Pará, Brazil where they are called "nambu-sujo". Also, throughout their range they are called "inhambu-preto". Cinereous tinamous have been around for many centuries. They are part of the oldest families of the world today and have fossils discovered dating back tens of millions of years. Their quick reflexes play a role in their ability to survive.
Taxonomy.
The cinereous tinamou is a monotypic species. All tinamous are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds. Gmelin originally placed this bird in the Tetrao genus, as "Tetrao cinereus", which is indicative of its apparent, but incorrect, closeness to the other game birds.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "Kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail. The term "cinereous" describes its colouration.
Description.
The cinereous tinamou is a shy and secretive Tinamou. It is approximately in length, and the male bird weighs around and the female of the species weighs .
It is colored similar to the Berlepsch's tinamou in that it is dark brown to sooty brown or brownish black in coloration. It tends to be a tad more brown than the Berlepsch's tinamou. It is recognized by its smoky-grey with reddish-brown crown and nape. The feather shafts on side of its head are white, which shows through on occasion. Their color helps them blend with the environment making it harder for predators to detect them. The under parts of the bird are only slightly paler than the body, and the legs appear a dull orange to yellow. They have a light-colored eye ring. Their bill has a dark upper mandible and a yellow lower mandible. In general, their bill is very similar to the Berlpesch's tinamou's except it trends smaller and thinner. The females are generally slightly larger in size then the males.
Behavior.
The cinereous tinamou is diurnal. When they are frightened or surprised they usually run off very quickly. Their instincts have adapted to act quickly since they live their lives on the ground and have to flee quickly to avoid predators so they are rarely seen by humans. They have a tendency to walk or run rather than to fly. They are capable of flight, but it is unusual and short. While the cinereous tinamou may only be in flight for a short duration, their flight is strong and direct. They tend to occur either alone or in pairs, and generally do not travel in groups.
Voice.
The cinereous tinamou is specially known to be easy to hear, but very difficult to see. It has a loud distinctive whistle heard mainly at dawn and dusk. Their whistles have a unique pitch and last almost two seconds between each whistle. Their whistles are mostly heard at dawn and dusk, and are monosyllabic. The bird is very capable of projecting its voice to seem like it came from another direction so hearing them and finding their exact location is very difficult. The call between the males and females are similar but not identical to the human ear. Their space between calls shortens as time progresses, so as to appear as to be speeding up in frequency.
Breeding.
The breeding season of the cinereous tinamou is year-round due to the perfect climate that they live in; however there is a period of preferred mating, which is August through October, except in Colombia, where it is in June. Like the majority of the tinamou family, the males practice simultaneous polygyny and the females practice successive polyandry. To initiate courtship, the males will usually call out to attract the females. It is believed that the courtship ritual is similar to that of others in their family. This courtship ritual involves the male lowering their chest to the ground. While doing this, they will stretch their neck forward and raise their posterior. It is believed that this serves a dual purpose, in that it appears that they are larger and thus more attractive to the females, and that they are larger and more dangerous to other males.
The cinereous tinamou nest is less a nest and more just a location on the forest floor, sometimes made of some leaves laid on the ground. They do choose a sheltered location, usually near a tree. The female will lay about two eggs in season. These eggs appear salmon violet colored, and are considered very colorful. Over time, the eggs will change color to a dark or sometimes milk chocolate color.
The young of cinereous tinamous are capable of moving around when they are hatched to the point that they can almost run as soon as they’re hatched. They are dark brown with a reddish speckling.
Food and feeding.
The food habits of the cinereous tinamou depend on the season and habitat although they are mostly herbivorous, with a heavy focus on fruit, similar to other members of "Crypturellus". In the summer their diet consists of small fruits, seeds, and small invertebrates. The majority of the invertebrates that they eat are ants, mole-crickets, and pentatomids. In the winter time they usually eat a wide variety of seeds or berries collected on the ground, with a focus on the acai berry. They are considered a benefit to the nature for insect pest because of their large insect consumption. When the cinereous tinamou is young it is more dependent on insects than when they become adults. The cinereous tinamou does not scratch for food, but instead looks under leaves or uses its bill to dig.
Movement.
The cinereous tinamou is a sedentary species.
Habitat.
The cinereous tinamou lives in a lowland rainforest or swamp forest, up to altitude. They also live in second growth forest, along with bushy areas with scattered trees.They have been known to take advantage of coffee and cocoa plantations and, on occasion, will utilize savanna. They prefer to live near streams or thick swamp woods. Their preferred habitat is thick, dark, and dense. They are abundant, within the upper Amazon, in the varzea.
Range.
This species is native to southern Colombia, southern Venezuela, Suriname, Guyana, French Guiana, northern and western Brazil, eastern Ecuador, eastern Peru, and northern Bolivia. Within Brazil, it occupies the Amazon Basin south to Mato Grosso and east to Pará.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies this tinamou as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of . It is considered the most common tinamou in Suriname, and is considered uncommon in Peru. The threat to its existence is similar to that of all forest birds, and that is deforestation and fragmentation of the remaining habitat. It is believed that it loses 14.1-17% of its habitat over 3 generations.

</doc>
<doc id="9684799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684799" title="Reds Bagnell">
Reds Bagnell

Francis "Reds" Bagnell (September 15, 1928 – July 10, 1995) was an American football halfback in college. He was an All-American tailback for the University of Pennsylvania, from which he graduated in 1951. He won the Maxwell Award, was runner-up for Heisman Trophy, and was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame. Inducted in 1970 to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9684810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684810" title="The Children's Place">
The Children's Place

The Children’s Place (TCP) is an American specialty retailer of children’s apparel and accessories founded in 1989. They became publicly traded on the NASDAQ exchange in 1997 under the ticker symbol PLCE. The Children’s Place is headquartered in Secaucus, New Jersey, and currently has 4,100 employees.
Children’s Place stores are divided into four specific size ranges sections: Big Girls and Big Boys (4-14), Baby Girls and Baby Boys (6 months-4T). Most of The Children’s Place stores are located in and around regional malls, but also include some strip centers, outlets, and street stores. The majority of their stores are small, traditional mall stores, although some Children's Place outlets are in a big box format.
The company owns and operates The Children’s Place stores, as well as owning and operating Disney Stores between 2004 and 2007 through a subsidiary Hoop Holdings/Hoop Retail Stores LLC. Fiscal 2005 marked the first full year The Children's Place had managed the Disney Store. As of June 2007, the company owned and operated 872 The Children's Place stores and previously 328 Disney Stores before The Walt Disney Company moved to regain these rights. On March 26, 2008, Hoop Holdings/Hoop Retail Stores LLC and related subsidiaries of TCP that operated Disney Store retail locations filed a voluntarily petition for relief under Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. The Children's Place stores were not affected in any way by the bankruptcy filing for Hoop Retail. As of February 2, 2013, the company owned and operated 1,095 TCP stores and an online store at www.childrensplace.com.
On December 11, 2009, The Children's Place Retail Stores announced the appointment of former Lord & Taylor CEO Jane T. Elfers as President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the company, effective January 4, 2010. She has also been named to the company's Board of Directors.
On April 24, 2013 a building collapsed outside Dhaka, Bangladesh, which housed one of the factories where The Children's Place clothing was manufactured, resulting in 1,129 deaths. 
In the summer of 2013, the store pulled a t-shirt from the stores with four options for "My best subjects" including "Shopping, Music, Dance and Math.” While shopping, music, and dance were checked, math was left unchecked because as the t-shirt stated “Nobody’s perfect!”  
References.
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/26/world/asia/bangladeshi-collapse-kills-many-garment-workers.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0

</doc>
<doc id="9684822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684822" title="Cryptoblepharus litoralis">
Cryptoblepharus litoralis

Cryptoblepharus litoralis is a small skink found in North Queensland, Australia
The "Coastal tree skink" or "Supralitoral shinning-skink" are generally found darting around the rocky outcrops on beaches and headlands, not far from the water, hunting for small insects. Its genus name means "hidden eyelid", and its species name "intertidal". It is commonly known as the coastal tree skink.
"Cryptoblepharus litoralis" is around 55 mm snout to vent, and dark-brown to black in colour with white to beige spots. The lower surface of the feet are shiny black. Cryptoblepharus plagiocephalus is a very similar species, but has brownish lower surfaces on the feet.

</doc>
<doc id="9684824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684824" title="LIBO rate (reserve adjusted)">
LIBO rate (reserve adjusted)

The LIBO rate means, relative to any interest period for LIBO rate loans, the rate of interest equal to the average of the rates per annum at which dollar deposits in immediately available funds are offered to the administrative agent’s LIBOR office in the London interbank market as at or about 11:00 a.m. London, England time two business days prior to the beginning of such interest period for delivery on the first day of such interest period, and in an amount approximately equal to the amount of the administrative agent’s LIBO rate loan and for a period approximately equal to such interest period.

</doc>
<doc id="9684841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684841" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Montana">
List of law enforcement agencies in Montana

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Montana. As of 2010, there were 126 law enforcement agencies in Montana, which employed a grand total of 3,158 full-time law-enforcement personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="9684853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684853" title="Archaefructus">
Archaefructus

Archaefructus is an extinct genus of herbaceous aquatic seed plants with 3 known species. Fossil material assigned to this genus originates from the Yixian Formation in northeastern China, originally dated as late Jurassic but now thought to be approximately 125 million years old, or early Cretaceous in age. Even with its revised age, "Archaefructus" has been proposed to be one of the earliest known genera of flowering plants.
Because of its age, and because it lacks sepals and petals and its reproductive organs, interpreted as carpels and stamens, are produced on an elongate stem rather than condensed into a flower as in modern angiosperms, Archaefructaceae has been proposed as a new basal angiosperm family. An alternate interpretation of the same fossil, however, interprets the elongate stem as an inflorescence rather than a flower, with staminate (male) flowers below and pistillate (female) flower above. The discovery of "Archaefructus eoflora" supports this interpretation, because a bisexual flower is present in the region between staminate and pistillate organs. If this interpretation is correct, "Archaefructus" may not be basal within angiosperms, rather it may be close to the Nymphaeales or the basal eudicots.

</doc>
<doc id="9684862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684862" title="Forest Clark Johnson, III">
Forest Clark Johnson, III

Forrest Clark Johnson, III is a retired high school teacher at Troup High School. Johnson is the author of several volumes on the history of Troup County, including "Histories of LaGrange and Troup County", "Genealogical and Historical Register of Troup County", "Hill View and Hill View Annex Cemeteries", and "People of LaGrange and Troup County". He has also co-authored two books, ' and ', which is currently nearing completion and will be going to print shortly.
Johnson has three children and two grandchildren: Jessica Leigh Johnson Moorhead and her two children of Franklin Springs, Georgia; Forrest Clark Johnson, IV and Christian Johnson of LaGrange, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9684870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684870" title="Bentota River Airport">
Bentota River Airport

Bentota River Airport is an airport in Bentota, Sri Lanka .

</doc>
<doc id="9684911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684911" title="John Charles Priscu">
John Charles Priscu

John C. Priscu (born 20 September 1952) is a Romanian-American scientist who is the current Professor of Ecology in the Department of Land Resources and Environmental Sciences at Montana State University. He is a principal investigator in the McMurdo Dry Valleys Long Term Ecological Research (LTER) project.
Filmography/TV appearances.
He appeared on documentary program "Horizon" in the episode "The Lost World of Lake Vostok".

</doc>
<doc id="9684948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684948" title="Mahur">
Mahur

Mahur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9684952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684952" title="Hiroshima Prefectural Art Museum">
Hiroshima Prefectural Art Museum

The is an art museum founded in 1968. It was reconstructed in 1996. It is located near Shukkei-en in the Hiroshima City, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9684961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684961" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Nebraska">
List of law enforcement agencies in Nebraska

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Nebraska.
Sources.
Nebraska Criminal Justice Directory - April 2010 Edition

</doc>
<doc id="9684975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684975" title="Biko (book)">
Biko (book)

Biko is a biography about Black Consciousness Movement leader and anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko. It was written by the liberal white South African journalist Donald Woods, a personal friend of Biko. Donald Woods was forced into exile for attempting to expose the truth surrounding Biko’s death. It was the inspiration for the 1987 film "Cry Freedom".
Summary.
Biko covers the life of South African anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko from the view of his friend Donald Woods. The book is also critical of the white government of South Africa and the Apartheid system. It attacks the mistreatment of blacks and the brutality commonly used by the police.
History.
Biko died on September 12, 1977 while in Police custody. The official police report stated that he had died as the result of a hunger strike. But South African journalist Woods, after first seeing the body, was convinced that Biko was beaten to death. Woods had photographs of Biko's body taken and published in his newspaper the "Daily Dispatch". Woods was forced to flee for his life after he became targeted by the government for attempting to investigate Biko's death. He fled to the United Kingdom, where he campaigned against apartheid and publicized articles about Biko.
Cry Freedom.
Richard Attenborough's movie "Cry Freedom" was based on Biko and other articles written by Woods. It stars Denzel Washington as Biko and Kevin Kline as Woods. The movie was not banned in South Africa, but the police confiscated copies of it, and theaters showing it were bombed.

</doc>
<doc id="9684981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684981" title="Mawella Lagoon Airport">
Mawella Lagoon Airport

Mawella Lagoon Airport is an airport in Dickwella, Sri Lanka .

</doc>
<doc id="9684987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684987" title="Cornwall Centre">
Cornwall Centre


</doc>
<doc id="9684993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9684993" title="Lamar County School District">
Lamar County School District

The Lamar County School District is a public school district based in Purvis, Mississippi (USA).
In addition to Purvis, the district also serves the town of Sumrall, the communities of West Hattiesburg (Oak Grove) and Baxterville as well as most rural areas in Lamar County.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 7,697 students enrolled in the Lamar County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 18.57% African American, 77.78% White, 2.18% Hispanic, 1.38% Asian, and 0.09% Native American. 28.7% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9685010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685010" title="Attalea (palm)">
Attalea (palm)

Attalea is a large genus of palms native to Mexico, the Caribbean, Central and South America. This pinnately leaved, non-spiny genus includes both small palms lacking an aboveground stem and large trees. The genus has a complicated taxonomic history, and has often been split into four or five genera based on differences in the male flowers. Since the genera can only be distinguished on the basis of their male flowers, the existence of intermediate flower types and the existence of hybrids between different genera has been used as an argument for keeping them all in the same genus. This has been supported by a recent molecular phylogeny.
Somewhere between 29 and 67 species are recognised in the genus, with estimates of as many as 100. Incomplete herbarium collections make it difficult to determine whether certain groups represent single species, or groups of similar species. "Attalea" species have a long history of human use, and include economically important sources of palm oil and fibre. Many species are fire tolerant and thrive in disturbed habitats. Their seeds are animal dispersed, including some which are thought to have been adapted for dispersal by now-extinct Pleistocene megafauna.
Description.
The genus "Attalea" has pinnately compound leaves—rows of leaflets emerge on either side of the axis of the leaf in a feather-like or fern-like pattern. Species are also non-spiny palms and includes both large trees with stout stems up to tall and acaulescent palms (one which lack an aboveground stem). The number of leaves per individual varies from about three to thirty-five; larger plants tend to have more and longer leaves. 
Inflorescences are large, branched and borne among the leaves. The inflorescence consists of a main axis—the peduncle and the rachis—and a series of smaller branches, the rachillae. The rachillae, which bear the flowers, emerge from the rachis. The peduncle is the main stalk, connecting the rachis with the stem. Inflorescences either consist entirely of male flowers, or are predominantly female with a few male flowers. Fruit usually have two or three seeds, although fewer or more are present in some species, and are usually brown, yellow, orange-brown or purple when mature. 
Four different types of male flowers exist. On the basis of these flower types, the genus has often been split into four genera—a more narrowly defined "Attalea", "Orbignya", "Maximiliana" and "Scheelea". The species sometimes referred to "Orbignya" have coiled anthers, while the other groups have straight ones. The petals of those placed in "Maximiliana" are much shorter than the stamens, while those placed in "Scheelea" and a more narrowly defined "Attalea" have petals that are longer than the stamens. Five species do not fit easily into any of these groups; this fact has been used as an argument in favour of considering this group a single genus.
Taxonomy.
"Attalea" has been placed in the subfamily Arecoideae, the tribe Cocoseae and the subtribe Attaleinae, together with the genera "Allagoptera", "Beccariophoenix", "Butia", "Cocos", "Jubaea", "Jubaeopsis", "Lytocaryum", "Parajubaea", "Syagrus" and "Voanioala". Within this subtribe, "Attalea" has been found to be a monophyletic group, and sister to the clade containing "Allagoptera", "Polyandrococos", "Parajubaea", "Butia" and "Jubaea".
Disagreement exists as to whether "Attalea" should be considered a single genus, or a group of related genera. In their 1996 "Field Guide to the Palms of the Americas", Andrew Henderson, Gloria Galeano and Rodrigo Bernal combined all the species in the subtribe Attaleinae (as it was then defined) into a single genus, "Attalea". In his 1999 "Taxonomic Treatment of Palm Subtribe Attaleinae", American botanist Sidney F. Glassman divided the group into five genera—a more narrowly defined "Attalea", "Orbignya", "Maximiliana", "Scheelea" and "Ynesa". Rafäel Govaerts and John Dransfield recognised a single genus in their 2005 "World Checklist of Palms"
, and Jean-Christophe Pintaud continued this usage in his 2008 review of the genus.
The multi-genus approach is based solely on the structure of the male flowers; no other characters could be consistently associated with one genus or another. Four of the genera—"Attalea" (in a narrow sense), "Orbignya", "Maximiliana" and "Scheelea"—correspond to four different types of male flowers found within the genus. However, a few species have flowers that are intermediate between these four types, including "A. colenda" (which Glassman placed in its own genus, "Ynesa") and this has been used as an argument for the single-genus approach. In addition, there are several hybrids between species that would be considered different genera under Glassman's five-genus system, which has also been used as an argument for placing them in a single genus. In 2009 Alan Meerow and colleagues published a molecular phylogeny of the subtribe which found that some species placed in "Orbignya" were actually more closely related to species placed in "Scheelea" than they were to other members of that genus (if the five-genus approach was used), while "A. crassispatha", placed in "Orbignya" by Glassman, was actually a sister to both "Scheelea" and "Orbignya".
History.
The genus "Attalea" was first described Carl Sigismund Kunth in 1816 based on specimens collected by Alexander von Humboldt and Aimé Bonpland, although older, pre-Linnaean descriptions exist, including Charles Plumier's 1703 description of "A. crassispatha". The genus was named for Attalus III Philometor, king of Pergamon, known for his interest in medicinal plants. The type species is "A. amygdalina", a Colombian endemic. The genera "Maximiliana" and "Orbignya" were described by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius in 1826 and 1837 respectively. "Scheelea" was described by Hermann Karsten in 1857, and "Ynesa" by Orator F. Cook in 1942.
Species.
Experts disagree about the number of species in the genus "Attalea" (broadly defined). In 1965, Dutch taxonomist Jan Gerard Wessels Boer estimated that there may be as many as 100 species in the genus. In their 1996 "Field Guide to the Palms of the Americas" Andrew Henderson and coauthors recognised 29 species in the genus, while Sidney Glassman recognised 65 species in his 1999 treatment of the group. Largely following Glassman's lead, Rafaël Govaerts and John Dransfield recognised 67 species in their 2005 "World Checklist of Palms". An important element of this disagreement is the decision by Glassman to define species more narrowly than Henderson. As a result, what Henderson interpreted as variation within species, Glassman took as differences between morphologically similar species. This problem is complicated by the fact that many of these species are poorly represented in herbarium collections. The large size of the leaves, inflorescences and fruit of many "Attalea" species makes them difficult to collect. In addition, many important collections, including type specimen, have been lost or destroyed. Sparse or incomplete collections make it difficult to differentiate variation within a single species from variation between different species.
The three recent treatments (Henderson and coauthors, Glassman, and Govaerts and Dransfield) recognised a total of 73 species, but only 20 species are accepted by all of them. The remainder account for either nine species or more than 40. For example, what Andrew Henderson considered a single species, "Attalea attaleoides", other authors have considered a species complex consisting of four or five species. Glassman doubted the validity of "A. attaleoides" as a species, and described four new species from material that had previously been attributed to "A. attaleoides"—"A. camopiensis", "A. degranvillei", "A. guianensis" and "A. maripensis". Govaerts and Dransfield accepted both Glassman's four species and "A. attaleoides". However, Jean-Christophe Pintaud was of the opinion that "A. guianensis", "A. maripensis" and "A. attaleoides" were all very similar, and thought it likely that they all represented the same species.
Another species complex in "Attalea" includes "A. speciosa" and related species. Henderson (1995) recognised "A. speciosa" and "A. spectabilis", considering the latter to either be an acaulescent form of "A. speciosa" or a hybrid between it and "A. microcarpa". Govaerts and Dransfield accepted "A. spectabilis", but Glassman considered it a dubious taxon. "Attalea vitrivir" was recognised as a distinct species by Michael Balick and coauthors; Glassman and Govaerts and Dransfield concurred, but Henderson considered it part of "A. speciosa". Glassman also described a fourth member of this group, "A. brejinhoensis", and it is accepted by Govaerts and Dransfield.
Reproduction and growth.
"Attalea" species are monoecious—male and female flowers are separate, but are borne by the same plant. Various species have been described as being insect-pollinated, including "A. phalerata", while pollination in "A. colenda" and "A. speciosa", has been attributed both to insects and wind.
Seed germination is remote tubular—during germination, as the cotyledon expands it pushes the young shoot away from the seed. After germination, the stem initially grows downward before turning to grow upward and produce the aboveground stem. This produces a "saxophone shaped" belowground portion of the stem. The fact that the shoot tips of "Attalea" seedlings are underground it likely to contribute to their fire-tolerance.
Distribution.
Species range across the Neotropics from Mexico in the north to Bolivia, Paraguay, and southern Brazil in the south. According to Govaerts and coauthors, three species are found in Mexico, four in Central America, and 62 in South America. Three species are present in the Caribbean—two in Trinidad and Tobago, along the southern edge of the region, and one in Haiti.
Habitat and ecology.
"Attalea" includes both large trees and small acaulescent palms which occupy a number of different ecological niches. Dense stands of some of the larger species are conspicuous elements on the landscape, while smaller species are found in both in the forest understorey and in savannas. 
Disturbance has been implicated in the formation of vegetation dominated by large "Attalea" species. In seasonally dry Amazonian forests the density of large adult "A. maripa" palms was correlated with canopy openness; the species also dominates savannas formed by repeated forest fires in Trinidad and Tobago. "Attalea speciosa" forms pure stands in many parts of Brazil where natural forest vegetation has been cleared. Similarly, stands of "A. funifera" in Bahia, Brazil (which are cultivated for piassava fibre) are managed using fire—the seedlings survive cutting and burning, and are able to dominate burned forest patches.
The fruit are dispersed by animals; fruit which are not dispersed frequently suffer seed predation by bruchid beetles. Certain species of "Attalea" have been mentioned as examples of "anachronistic" species which are adapted for dispersal by now-extinct Pleistocene megafauna. On Maracá Island, Roraima, in the Brazilian Amazon, "Attalea maripa" fruit were consumed by tapirs, collared peccaries, deer and primates. Rodents, including agoutis, fed upon the fruit and, as the fruit availability declined, they fed on the seeds. Other dispersers of "Attalea" fruit include Crested Caracaras which consume the fruit and disperse the seeds of "A. phalerata" in the Brazilian Pantanal.
Uses.
"Attalea" species have a long history of human utilisation. Carbonised "Attalea maripa" seeds have been found in archaeological sites in Colombia dating back to 9000 BP. A variety of species remain important sources of edible oil, thatch, edible seeds and fibre. The leaves of "Attalea butyracea" and "A. maripa" are used extensively for thatching. Several species are oil palms, with "A. speciosa" among the most important economically. Products extracted from "A. speciosa" were reported to support over 300,000 households in the Brazilian state of Maranhão in 2005, and in 1985 it was estimated to support over 450,000 households throughout the Brazil. Piassava fibres, extracted from the leaf bases of "A. funifera", are commercially important, and generated about US $20 million in annual income to Brazilian farmers in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9685012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685012" title="Dietrich Georg von Kieser">
Dietrich Georg von Kieser

Dietrich Georg von Kieser (24 August 1779 – 11 October 1862) was a German physician born in Harburg.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Würzburg and Göttingen, receiving his doctorate from the latter institution in 1804. For most of his career he was a professor at the University of Jena, where from 1824 to 1862 he served as a "full professor".
He was an advocate of balneology, and beginning in 1813 was a physician at the therapeutic spas at Heilbad Berka/Ilm. While working as a professor at the University of Jena, Kieser operated a private ophthalmology clinic from 1831 to 1847, and from 1847 until 1858 he was director of the Grand Ducal Mental Hospital.
With Adam von Eschenmayer (1768–1852), he published the 12-volume ""Archiv für den thierischen Magnetismus"" (Archive for animal magnetism). Kieser was politically active throughout his career; in October-1817 with historian Heinrich Luden and philosophers Lorenz Oken and Jakob Friedrich Fries, he partook in the historic Wartburg Festival. He died in Jena.
A magnesium sulfate mineral known as kieserite is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9685033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685033" title="Mahur, Assam">
Mahur, Assam

"Please see Mahur for disambiguation."
Mahur (IPA: mɑːʊə) is a town and a town area committee in Dima Hasao district in the Indian state of Assam.
Geography.
Mahur is located at . It has an average elevation of 727 metres (2385 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="9685034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685034" title="IROC XVII">
IROC XVII

The seventeenth year of IROC competition took place in 1993. IROC XVII was the fourth and final year the Dodge Daytona was used in competition, and continued the format introduced in IROC VIII. Race one took place on the Daytona International Speedway, race two took place at Darlington Raceway, race three was held at Talladega Superspeedway, and race four ran at Michigan International Speedway. Davey Allison won the series championship posthumously after being killed in a helicopter accident at the Talladega Superspeedway. With only one race remaining, Terry Labonte drove the final race, and the points from that race, applied to Allison's previous total, were enough to secure the championship. The winnings of $175,000 were placed in a trust fund for Allison's children. 
The roster of drivers and final points standings were as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="9685037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685037" title="Pusapatirega">
Pusapatirega

Pusapati-rega is a Village and Mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demography.
Pusapatirega mandal has a population of 68,839 in 2001. Males constitutes 35,200 and females 33,639 of the population. The average literacy rate is 39%, very low when compared to the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy rate is 47% and female literacy rate 30%.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
According to the District Statistics, there are 37 revenue villages and 27 gram panchayats in Pusapatirega mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9685054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685054" title="Claire Bevilacqua">
Claire Bevilacqua

Claire Bevilacqua (29 January 1983) (nickname "Bevo") is a professional surfer from Perth, Australia. She joined the World Championship Tour in 2004. She has won many competitions including the 2009 Pipeline Pro Hawaii.
Early life.
Bevilacqua was born and raised “Down Under” to an Australian mother and Italian father. Growing up in West Australia, she got her start riding some of the best and most testing waves in the world. She started skateboarding as soon as she could walk. She picked up surfing at the age of fourteen and quickly picked up the necessary skills and techniques.
Career.
Bevilacqua quickly shot up the Junior Australian rankings and received tremendous support from sponsors. In 2003, after only four years of competing, she won the title of State Champion as well as the Australian Pro Junior Women's Champion. The following year, she moved onto the World Championship Tour (WCT) of the Association of Surfing Professionals. In 2005, she ranked tenth in the World Championship Tour and in 2006 she was ranked sixth. Since turning pro she has won several competitions including The Outer Banks Pro in North Carolina, The Hello Kitty Boardfest at Huntington Beach, California and the 2009 Pipepline Pro. Bevilacqua was also voted onto the Nixon Surf Team. After four years of competing as one of the top female surfers in the world, she decided to take a year off from the competition circuit to focus on writing, shooting, and filming for sponsors as well as[surfline.com].
In 2006, Bevilacqua collaborated with to create the “Bevo Signature Series” line of girl shorts.
She returned to competitive surfing in 2009. She quickly shot to third on the World Qualifying Series with her win at Women’s Pipeline Pro Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="9685113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685113" title="Nathan Gamble">
Nathan Gamble

Nathan Gamble (born January 12, 1998) is an American teen actor who made his feature film debut in "Babel" (2006), for which he was nominated for a 2007 Young Artist Award.
Life and career.
Gamble was born in Tacoma, Washington, the son of theater directors who run a drama camp for children. His additional screen credits include "Dry Rain" (2007), "Saving Sam" (2007), "Diggers" (2007), "The Mist" (2007), "The Dark Knight" (2008), "Marley & Me" (2008), "Dolphin Tale" (2011) and "Dolphin Tale 2" (2014).
On television, Gamble appeared in "Runaway" in 2006; crossover episodes of "" and "Without a Trace" in 2007; and "House M.D." and "Ghost Whisperer" in 2008. In 2009 he played the role of Henry Pryor, son of the titular character in "Hank". In 2010 he played the role of Daniel in a short film called Displaced, the film was commissioned by the city of Seattle as part of the Water Calling series and aired at Seattle Channel.
Gamble has completed filming the role of Poe Malloy in "Captain Cook's Extraordinary Atlas" for Warner Bros. Television. He portrayed Lucas Thompson in the film "The Hole", which was released in 2010.
His first lead role in a wide release was in the 2011 film "Dolphin Tale", where he plays Sawyer Nelson, a young boy who discovers a dolphin caught in a crab trap in Florida (based on the real life story of Winter the dolphin). He'll reprise his role as Sawyer Nelson in the 2014 sequel, "Dolphin Tale 2".

</doc>
<doc id="9685137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685137" title="John de Innes">
John de Innes

John de Innes (c. 1370 – 1414) was medieval Scottish churchman. Born probably in Moray, he went to France in his youth, receiving a bachelorate in civil law from the University of Paris by 1396 and in canon law by 1407. His education was partly paid for by the prebend of Duffus and a grant from Alexander Bur, Bishop of Moray, taken by Bur from the judicial profits of his diocese. During Innes' study period, he was also pursuing an ecclesiastical career, being Archdeacon of Caithness from 1396 until 1398, and Dean of Ross, from some point between 1396 and 1398 until 1407.
He gave up the latter position in that year, having been elected as Bishop of Moray sometime in late 1406, and receiving consecration from Pope Benedict XIII in either Italy or southern France in the following January. Innes was bishop for over seven years, and died at Elgin on 2 August 1414. Innes has been traditionally credited with supervising much of the rebuilding to Elgin Cathedral. The historian David Ditchburn believes Innes was an ally, and possibly even a client, of Alexander Stewart, Earl of Mar, and perhaps his father Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan, the latter of whom was the warlord responsible for burning down Elgin Cathedral during the episcopate of Alexander Bur.

</doc>
<doc id="9685139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685139" title="Reservation Road">
Reservation Road

Reservation Road is a 2007 American drama film directed by Terry George and based on the book of the same title by John Burnham Schwartz, who, along with George, adapted the novel for the screenplay. The film, starring Joaquin Phoenix and Mark Ruffalo, deals with the aftermath of a tragic car accident. It was released to theaters on October 19, 2007.
Plot.
Dwight Arno (Ruffalo) is an attorney who is divorced from his wife Ruth (Sorvino). Ruth controls custody of their son Lucas (Alderson), while Dwight maintains visitation rights. Dwight and Lucas are at a baseball game when Ruth calls, informing Dwight that he is late with returning their son home. Dwight drives Lucas home in a hurry, thinking he might forfeit his visitation privileges. When he loses control of his vehicle, he accidentally hits a young boy, Josh Learner (Curley), who is standing by a roadside. Aware that he has struck the boy, Dwight continues driving on. To Lucas, who has a minor injury from the incident, Dwight lies, saying that they had collided with a tree log. Dwight later hears on a newscast that Josh died in the collision. Subsequently, he tries to cover up the evidence which implicates him in the hit-and-run accident. After the initial shock of losing Josh, Grace (Connelly) gradually tries to get on with life, but her husband Ethan (Phoenix), is obsessed with finding out who killed their son and frustrated with the lack of progress the police are making in their investigation. Ethan eventually decides to hire a lawyer, who oddly enough turns out to be Dwight.
Ethan later discovers that Dwight is the perpetrator. In revenge, and fearing that Dwight would be incarcerated for only a short time, he buys a gun and travels to his house to murder him. Ethan points the gun at Dwight, who eager to avoid danger to Lucas, begs Ethan that they at least go outside. With Dwight in the trunk of his car, Ethan drives him to a remote location. Because of Ethan's emotional state and resulting hesitation, Dwight manages to grab the gun from Ethan and point it at him, but later points it at himself instead. Ethan, seeing that Dwight feels sorrow, finally finds peace and leaves him there. The film ends with Lucas alone watching a taped confession about the incident which Dwight had recorded.
Production.
Filming.
The film was shot in Stamford, Connecticut, starting in late October, 2006, with the opening scene at Cove Island Park. Parts of the movie were also filmed at Lake Compounce Amusement Park in Bristol, Connecticut, and the Olde Blue Bird Inn & Gas Station and adjacent Baseball Field in Easton, CT. Shots of Martha's Vineyard are used in the trailer and movie.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received generally mixed reviews from critics. As of October 7, 2008, the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 37% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 103 reviews. Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 56 out of 100, based on 30 reviews.
Box Office.
"Reservation Road" grossed a total of $36,269 in its first weekend. It ended up making $121,994 in the United States, and ended with a worldwide gross of $1,783,190.

</doc>
<doc id="9685142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685142" title="Lumberton Public School District">
Lumberton Public School District

The Lumberton Public School District is a public school district based in Lumberton, Mississippi (USA).
In addition to Lumberton, the district also serves rural areas in southeastern Lamar and northeastern Pearl River counties.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 869 students enrolled in the Lumberton Public School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 44.07% African American, 55.58% White, and 0.35% Hispanic. 76.5% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9685144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685144" title="Child with Toy Hand Grenade in Central Park">
Child with Toy Hand Grenade in Central Park

Child with Toy Hand Grenade in Central Park, New York City, USA (1962) is a famous photograph by Diane Arbus. 
Significance.
The photo shows a boy, with the left strap of his shorts awkwardly hanging off his shoulder, tensely holding his long, thin arms by his side. Clenched in his right hand is a toy replica hand grenade (an Mk 2 "Pineapple"), and his left hand is held in a claw-like gesture; his facial expression is maniacal. Arbus captured this photograph by having the boy stand while moving around him, claiming she was trying to find the right angle. His expression conveys his exasperation and impatience with the whole endeavor, as the contact sheet for the shoot reveals. In other pictures, he is seen as a happy child. 
The boy in the photograph is Colin Wood, son of tennis player Sidney Wood. An interview with Colin, with his recollections about the photograph, is presented in the BBC documentary "The Genius of Photography".
According to the "Washington Post", Colin does not specifically remember Arbus taking the photo, but that he was likely "imitating a face I'd seen in war movies, which I loved watching at the time." Later, as a teenager, he was angry at Arbus for "making fun of a skinny kid with a sailor suit," though he enjoys the photograph now.
In popular culture.
After writing the song "Teach Your Children" in 1968 and recording it, Graham Nash discovered this photograph in a San Francisco gallery and found that it related to the song's message about nonviolence. The photograph was used, without permission, on the first version of the cover of Canadian punk band SNFU's 1984 album "And No One Else Wanted to Play" after the band "found the picture in the library." The image is also used on the cover of American indie rock band Cloud Cult's debut album "Who Killed Puck?". An original print of the photograph sold for $408,000 in April 2005 at Christie's in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9685147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685147" title="Margherita, Assam">
Margherita, Assam

"Please see Margherita for disambiguation."
Margherita (IPA: ˌmɑːgəˈrɪtə) is a census town in Tinsukia district in the Indian state of Assam. The small sub-divisional town has scenic beauty though nothing like a tourism business. The town is surrounded by hills, tea gardens, forest and the Dihing River. It has a beautiful golf course at the foot of the hills and a small stream running through. The lack of tourism is mostly due to terrorist activities in the neighboring remote locations. The United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) has been active in the area over past decades. The name Margherita actually derives from the Italian queen and dates back to the late 19th century as a token appreciation for the Italian Chief Engineer of a rail section Chevalier R Paginini who supervised the construction. Margherita was famous for its collieries much developed by the British. Coal India Ltd is the biggest industry here. Apart from this are Kitply and other small plywood industries and tea gardens. Tata Tea has factories in the locality.
Geography.
Margherita is located at . It has an average elevation of 162 metres (531 feet). The Dihing River flows through Margherita. The Patkai Hills are visible from the town.
Demographics.
The main communities of the area includes Ahoms, Moran, Nepali, Bihari, Singpho, Muttock etc.
Etymology.
Before getting its existing name, Margherita was known as Ma-Kum(Singpho, meaning the abode of all tribes). The name has its roots in the Dehing River Bridge which was built around 1880 by a team led by an Italian Engineer Chevalier Roberto Paganini who worked for the Assam Railways & Trading Company Ltd. From historical records, it is not quite clear whether the directors of that company renamed the place as a lasting tribute to that Italian engineer or was it Paganini himself, out of patriotism, christened the place in honour of Queen Margherita, the reigning Queen Consort of Italy.
Religion and Festivals.
The population is a mix of Assamese, Bengali, Nepali as well as those who migrated from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and other South Indian states to work in the coal mines. A major chunk of the population are Hindus followed by Muslims and Christians. In the interior parts, some people follow Buddhism.The main festival in Margherita is Bihu, celebrated in the month of January(magh bihu),April(bohag bihu) and kati bihu in sep-oct. Madam-me-fi is also celebrated in the month of January.other than that as this place has a multi- cultural heritage Durga puja, Bhai tika, holi Diwali,chat puja, buddha purnima, Idd, Christmas is celebrated with much fun fare.
Transport.
Margherita is well connected with all the major towns and districts both by road and rail. Margherita has a railway station of its own and Tinsukia railway station is just 45 kilometres, about an hour's drive from the town. With Rajdhanis and other long-distance trains running from Tinsukia, Margherita is well connected to the rest of India. There are three local trains a day connecting Margherita to Dibrugarh (via Tinsukia). Margherita serves as a transit point to many parts of Arunachal Pradesh and buses ply regularly to and from Changlang, Miao and Jairampur. Tourists, while going to Arunachal, can get their passes from the office of A.P.S.T. Assam state transport corporation and a number of other private buses are also available from there. The nearest airport is in Dibrugarh, 96 km away.
Economy.
North Eastern Coalfields operates from here and has its headquarters in the town. Plywood and tea are the other developed industries.
Politics.
Margherita is part of Dibrugarh (Lok Sabha constituency).And the current M.P from this region is Mr. Rameswar Teli.It is also 124th Legislative Assembly constituency and is presently represented by Sri Pradyut Bordoloi.

</doc>
<doc id="9685205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685205" title="Killarney, Calgary">
Killarney, Calgary

Killarney, also known as Killarney/Glengarry, is a residential neighbourhood in the city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It is bounded by 17th Avenue S.W. on the north, 37th Street S.W. on the west, Richmond Road S.W. on the south, and 25A Street S.W. on the east. It was named after Glengarry County, Ontario by the original settlers who came from there.
History.
The first subdivision plan for the community of Killarney was registered with the Alberta Land Titles Office in 1906, and the lands were formally annexed by the City in 1910. Development before the Second World War was slow; most houses built at the time were one-storey clapboard structures. The community was filled out in the post-war era, when developers erected hundreds of small stucco and clapboard bungalows on the 25- and wide lots. Since approximately 2002, developers have been replacing the older structures with low- and medium-density infill housing on a piecemeal basis.
Westbrook Mall, a small regional shopping centre featuring Wal-Mart and Canada Safeway, is located directly north of the community. There are also numerous shops along 17th Avenue and 37th Street S.W.
The community has an area redevelopment plan in place.
Demographics.
In the City of Calgary's 2012 municipal census, Killarney/Glengarry had a population of living in dwellings, a 4.2% increase from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2012.
Residents in this community had an median household income of $53,799 in 2005, and there were 19.5% low income residents living in the neighbourhood. As of 2006, 19.1% of the residents were immigrants. A proportion of 41.4% of the buildings were condominiums or apartments, and 46.0% of the housing was used for renting.
The Killarney community is a part of the Calgary Centre federal electoral district, the Calgary Currie provincial constituency. It is represented in the Calgary City Council by the Ward 8 councillor.
Schools.
Killarney is home to the following schools:
Killarney is also served by the following schools in adjoining neighbourhoods:
Public transit.
Killarney is serviced by the following Calgary Transit routes (as of December 10, 2012):
The West LRT C-Train began operation on December 10, 2012 and includes a stop near Westbrook Mall just north of 17th Ave SW.

</doc>
<doc id="9685209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685209" title="Tomé Pires">
Tomé Pires

Tomé Pires (1465?–1524 or 1540) was a Portuguese apothecary from Lisbon who spent 1512 to 1515 in Malacca immediately after the Portuguese conquest, at a time when Europeans were only first arriving in South East Asia. After his arduous experiences in India and the East Indies, he headed the first official embassy from a European nation in China (Portugal to the Emperor of China, Zhengde, during the Ming Dynasty), where he died.
Pires was apothecary to the ill-fated Afonso, Prince of Portugal, son of King John II of Portugal. He went to India in 1511 invested as "factor of drugs", the Eastern commodities that were an important element of what is generally called "the spice trade". In Malacca and Cochin he avidly collected and documented information from the Malay-Indonesia area, and personally visited Java, Sumatra (the two dominant islands of modern-day Indonesia) and Maluku.
The "Suma Oriental".
From his Malay-Indonesia travels, he wrote a landmark book on Asian trade, the "Suma Oriental que trata do Mar Roxo até aos Chins" (Summa of the East, from the Red Sea up to the Chinese). He wrote the book in Malacca and India between 1512 and 1515, completing it before the death of Afonso de Albuquerque (December 1515).
It is the first European description of Malaysia and the oldest and most extensive description of the Portuguese East. It is a compilation of a wide variety of information: historical, geographical, ethnographic, botanical, economic, commercial, etc., including coins, weights and measures. Pires was careful to investigate the accuracy of the information collected from merchants, sailors and others with whom he had contact. It shows him to be a discriminating observer, in spite of his tangled prose, but superior to other Portuguese writers of the time. The book, couched as a report to Manuel of Portugal, and perhaps fulfilling a commission undertaken before he left Lisbon, is regarded as one of the most conscientious first-hand resources for the study of the geography and trade of the Indies at that time, including one of the most important resources for the study of the contemporaneous Islam in Indonesia. Although it cannot be regarded as completely free of inaccuracies in its detail, it is remarkably consistent with evidence of the time and makes no fundamentally erroneous statements about the area. Its contemporary rival as a source is only the better-known book of Duarte Barbosa and, later Garcia de Orta.
The "Suma Oriental", unpublished and presumed lost in an archive until 1944, also includes the first written account of the 'Spice Islands' of Banda in Maluku, the islands that first drew Europeans to Indonesia. In its detail "it was not surpassed, in many respects, for more than a century or two," its modern editor, Armando Cortesão, has asserted. "Suma Oriental" is represented by a long-lost manuscript in Paris. Four letters written by Pires survive, and there are a scattering of references to him by contemporaries, including a letter of Albuquerque to the King, 30 November 1513.
Pires mentioned several Tamil cities of Ceylon he visited on his travels in the manuscript, including Kali, Nigumbo, Celabão and Tenavarque, home to the renowned temple complex of Tenavarai.
1516 embassy to China.
In 1516, Tomé Pires went to Canton (Guangzhou) in the fleet of Fernão Pires de Andrade leading an embassy sent by king Manuel I to Zhengde Emperor of China. However, was never received by the emperor, due to several setbacks, including the suspicion of the Chinese, and the plot moved by deposed sultan Mahmud Shah after the Portuguese conquest of Malacca in 1511. The embassy fell in disgrace, with some of its members killed starting a period of three decades of Portuguese persecution in China. Tomé Pires is said to have died of disease in 1524 in China, although some state he have lived up to 1540 in Jiangsu, but without permission to leave China.

</doc>
<doc id="9685211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685211" title="Tepui tinamou">
Tepui tinamou

The tepui tinamou ("Crypturellus ptaritepui") is a type of ground bird found in montane moist forest on tepuis, in southeastern Venezuela.
Taxonomy.
This is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from two Greek roots: ("kruptos") meaning ‘covered’ or ‘hidden’ and ("oura") meaning ‘tail’; the Latin suffix "-ellus" is diminutive. Thus, "Crypturellus" means ‘little hidden tail’.
Description.
The tepui tinamou is approximately in length. The top of its head and rear of neck are rufous brown, darker on its back, and dusky below with rufous sheen on its upper breast. The sides of its head and throat are grey in color, its upper mandible is black, its lower mandible yellow with black tip, and its legs are olive in color.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the tepui eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The tepui tinamou has been found on Ptari-tepuí, Auyán-tepuí, Chimantá-tepuí, and Sororopán-tepuí, in southeastern Bolívar, Venezuela. It was found in between in elevation, and its preferred habitat is tropical moist montane forest or tropical moist shrubland.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies it as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of . It is a protected species in Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="9685223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685223" title="List of United States Senators in the 93rd Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 93rd Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 93rd Congress, from January 3, 1973 to January 3, 1975.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1974 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="9685254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685254" title="List of law enforcement agencies in New Hampshire">
List of law enforcement agencies in New Hampshire

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9685264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685264" title="Clay County School District (Mississippi)">
Clay County School District (Mississippi)

The Clay County School District is a public school district based in Clay County, Mississippi (USA). It is the smallest school district in the state of Mississippi, with a total student enrollment of 173 during the 2006-2007 school year. 
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 173 students enrolled in the Clay County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 42% female and 58% male. The racial makeup of the district was 92.49% African American, 5.78% White, and 1.73% Hispanic. 91.2% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9685266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685266" title="Hiroshima City Museum of Contemporary Art">
Hiroshima City Museum of Contemporary Art

The is an art museum founded in 1989. It is in Hijiyama Park in the Hiroshima City, Japan. The building was designed by architect Kisho Kurokawa.

</doc>
<doc id="9685275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685275" title="Marianne Alvoni">
Marianne Alvoni

Marianne Alvoni (born 15 April 1964 in Berne) is a Swiss fashion designer. 
In 2011, Marianne Alvoni was invited to present her fashion in Singapore through V-Zug (http://www.vzug.com), the Swiss market leader for household appliances. 
In 1985, she opened her own atelier in Berne (Switzerland). Alvoni bought her first sewing machine with installment payments of 20 Swiss francs per month. In 1989 she moved to larger premises with a shopfront in the old town of Berne. In 2011 Marianne opened her atelier in Worb, where she also lives with her family, near Berne. 
Further proof of her nationwide recognition is in the cultural field. Three models from her collection to mark the 700-year celebration of the Swiss Confederation were chosen as permanent exhibits for the Swiss National Museum ("Schweizerisches Landesmuseum") in Zurich. 
At the centre of her creation, elaborately produced in her atelier, there are, alongside her Alvoni Weekdays daywear collection, above all, Alvoni Haute Couture, evening-wear and wedding dresses. 
Today Alvoni lives in Worb, Switzerland and Verona, Italy.
TV shows on: SF DRS Schweizer Fernsehen (Switzerland), MTV (Great Britain), 
Novosti Modi-Moskwa (Russia), RaiDue (Italy), various Private TV Stations in Switzerland

</doc>
<doc id="9685308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685308" title="Washington State Route 821">
Washington State Route 821

State Route 821, also known as Canyon Road and Yakima River Canyon Scenic Byway, is a state highway in Washington. It runs from an intersection with Interstate 82 north of Selah to another junction with I-82 south of Ellensburg. The total length of SR 821 is .
Route description.
State Route 821 begins at exit 26 on I-82 near Selah. Exit 26 is the Harrison Road/Firing Center Road exit. It then heads north along Canyon Road, passing the unincorporated community of Pomona and the substance abuse treatment center at the Sundown M Ranch. Also it bypasses abandoned short twin tunnel segments that the road once passed through, and continues by following the curves of the Yakima River through the Ellensburg Canyon. Behind Roza Dam at the southern end is a reservoir that is used for boating through use of the boat ramp at the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Roza Access Area recreation site. The route through the canyon is scenic and mostly uninhabited. To the east in the area between 821 and I-82 are some ranches who have access roads off 821. Near the midpoint of the canyon is Riverview Campground, home of Red's Fly Shop which caters to the thriving tourist trade of recreationist that enjoy the canyon for floating, boating, fishing, etc. A footbridge further North provides access to the BLM managed Umtanum Recreation Area. At the north end of the canyon at Thrall Road, Canyon Road continues north, but SR 821 turns right on Thrall Road and runs to another junction with I-82 at Exit 3, which is the northern terminus of SR 821. Route 821 can also be reached easily from I-90 via exit 109, the Canyon Road exit. From exit 109 to the Thrall Road intersection with SR 821 is a distance of along Canyon Road.
At Helen McCabe State Park near the intersection of Canyon Road and Thrall Road a Yakima River Canyon Scenic Byway Interpretive Center is planned once funds are raised to match a $800,000 Federal Highway Administration grant. 
821 shares the canyon with the Yakima Sub Division of BNSF Railroad. of the Canyon is a preserve owned by The Nature Conservancy of Washington state.
Each Spring the road is closed twice to auto traffic to allow a marathon and bike tour.
History.
State Route 821 was formerly a section of U.S. Route 97, the major north–south highway in Washington east of the Cascades, and was the only highway between Ellensburg and Yakima. In the 1970s I-82 was constructed east of the canyon over Manastash Ridge, bypassing the old highway through Ellensburg Canyon. When I-82 was opened US 97 was rerouted to be concurrent with I-82 between Ellensburg and Yakima. The old section of US 97 through the canyon was renumbered as State Route 821.

</doc>
<doc id="9685343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685343" title="Ten Mile Lake (Minnesota)">
Ten Mile Lake (Minnesota)

Ten Mile Lake is a lake located in north central Minnesota, United States. It is directly south of Walker and northwest of Hackensack. It is spring fed and one of the deepest natural lakes in Minnesota, Ten Mile Lake covers over with a maximum depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="9685347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685347" title="Zero to Sixty">
Zero to Sixty

Zero to Sixty is a 1978 American comedy film directed by Don Weis. The film never received a theatrical release, but it was later reviewed by "TV Guide", which called McGavin "fun to watch" in the film but noted the premise was brought to the screen six years later in a different film, "Repo Man".
Plot.
Michael Nolan (McGavin) finds himself down on his luck following his divorce settlement, which has left him with nothing. During the repossession of his car he makes chase all the way to the auto repossession company. His persistence impresses the owner who hires him on the spot. Nolan is then teamed up with Larry, a 16-year-old experience repo agent. As Nolan settles into his new career he continually finds himself troubled by women, angry car owners and more.

</doc>
<doc id="9685360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685360" title="Terminal nerve">
Terminal nerve

The terminal nerve, or cranial nerve zero, was discovered by German scientist Gustav Fritsch in 1878 in the brains of sharks. It was first found in humans in 1913, although its presence in humans remains controversial. A 1990 study has indicated that the terminal nerve is a common finding in the adult human brain. The nerve has been called by other names, including cranial nerve XIII, Zero Nerve, Nerve N, and NT.
Structure.
The terminal nerve appears just anterior of the other cranial nerves bilaterally as a microscopic plexus of unmyelinated peripheral nerve fascicles in the subarachnoid space covering the gyrus rectus. This plexus appears near the cribriform plate and travels posteriorly toward the olfactory trigone, medial olfactory gyrus, and lamina terminalis.
The nerve is often overlooked in autopsies because it is unusually thin for a cranial nerve, and is often torn out upon exposing the brain. Careful dissection is necessary to visualize the nerve. Its purpose and mechanism of function is still open to debate; consequently, nerve zero is often not mentioned in anatomy textbooks.
Development.
The zebrafish has been used as a developmental model in recent research.
Function.
Although very close to (and often confused for a branch of) the olfactory nerve, the terminal nerve is not connected to the olfactory bulb, where smells are analyzed. This fact suggests that the nerve is either vestigial or may be related to the sensing of pheromones. This hypothesis is further supported by the fact that the terminal nerve projects to the medial and lateral septal nuclei and the preoptic areas, all of which are involved in regulating sexual behavior in mammals.

</doc>
<doc id="9685374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685374" title="General Synod of the Anglican Church of Canada">
General Synod of the Anglican Church of Canada

The General Synod of the Anglican Church of Canada is the chief governing and legislative body of the Anglican Church of Canada (ACC), the sole Canadian representative of the Anglican Communion. The first General Synod session was held in Toronto in 1893, with the proviso that the parameters of its authority would not undermine the local independence of dioceses.
Composition and responsibilities.
Except in special instances when it may be called into session by the Primate of the Anglican Church of Canada or the Council of General Synod, the General Synod meets triennially at locations across Canada. The Synod next meets in 2016 in Toronto, Ontario. Other recent locales for General Synod have been:
The General Synod is composed of three Orders: Bishops, Clergy, and Laity. All bishops and archbishops of the ACC are members of General Synod; clergy and lay delegates are elected from each of the church's thirty dioceses, as well as the Canadian Forces and the religious orders. Unlike the Church of England or the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, the Orders are not divided into Houses which meet separately according to different rules of order. Nonetheless, voting may be done by Orders with respect to certain issues, or on demand according to the rules of order, under which conditions a given Resolution would need to be approved in all three.
The General Synod is responsible for articulating the doctrine, discipline, and worship of the Anglican Church of Canada. During its regular meetings, which generally span a week to nine days, members exchange information, set policy for the church, pass resolutions, and enact and amend canon law. Presently, there are twenty-two numbered canons, dealing with issues as prosaic as the name of the church, to ones touching on doctrine, such as matrimony and Holy Orders, to judicial disciplinary proceedings.
Officers of General Synod and the Council of General Synod.
General Synod elects three of the nine officers who maintain certain executive responsibilities at and between Synods. Of those, one - the Primate - holds office until he or she resigns, is removed, retires, or dies. The other officers, elected at each General Synod, are the Prolocutor and the Deputy Prolocutor.
The Prolocutor acts as the chief deputy to the Primate, and the second executive officer of General Synod. As such, he chairs sessions of General Synod and meetings of the Council of General Synod in the absence of the Primate. The current Prolocutor is the Venerable Harry Huskins; the Deputy Prolocutor is Cynthia Haines-Turner.
Council of General Synod.
Between sessions of General Synod, the Council of General Synod (COGS) administers the affairs of the ACC. COGS is composed of the Primate, the Prolocutor, the Deputy Prolocutor, the Chancellor, and representatives from the three Orders from each of the four ecclesiastical provinces, chosen by the respective delegates at General Synod, the numbers of which vary according to a complicated electoral formula. COGS appoints four of the nine officers of General Synod:
It also elects two Officers-at-large (one Clergy, one Laity).
Committees of General Synod.
General Synod has six standing committees, consisting of members both elected at General Synod and appointed by the Primate:

</doc>
<doc id="9685380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685380" title="Doug Anakin">
Doug Anakin

Competitor for Canada
Douglas Thomas Anakin (born November 6, 1930) is a former Canadian bobsleigh competitor. He was born in Chatham, Ontario and was selected by Vic Emery as a member of Canada's gold medal-winning four-man bobsleigh team at the 1964 Winter Olympics. Anakin was also one of the driving forces behind the Canadian luge program. He has been inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame and the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame.
During his 35 years of teaching, Doug taught and coached 19 years at John Abbott College in Montreal retiring in 1990. Because of his involvement at the school, his commitment to his community, and his passion for outdoor activities, the school established the "Doug Anakin Scholarship for Outdoor Pursuits" which is presented annually to a student who best demonstrates Doug’s traits. 
Operated Doug Anakin Sports in Beaconsfield, a sports store specializing in outdoor sports.
Anakin is married and has two children and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9685384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685384" title="2005 PDL season">
2005 PDL season

The 2005 USL Premier Development League season was the 11th PDL season. The season began in April 2005 and ended in August 2005.
Des Moines Menace finished the season as national champions, beating El Paso Patriots 6-5 on penalty kicks, following a 0-0 draw in the PDL Championship game in El Paso, Texas on 13 August 2005.
Orange County Blue Star finished with the best regular season record in the league, winning 15 out of their 16 games, suffering just one loss, and finishing with a +39 goal difference.
Cape Cod Crusaders striker Andy Metcalf and Cocoa Expos forward Frederico Moojen were the league's top scorers, each knocking in 18 goals. Richmond Kickers Future's Christian Neagu led the league with 12 assists, while Orange County Blue Star keeper Nate Pena enjoyed the best goalkeeping statistics, with a goals-against average of 0.466 per game, and keeping 7 clean sheets in his 14 games.

</doc>
<doc id="9685385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685385" title="Mauricio Molina">
Mauricio Molina

Mauricio Alejandro Molina Uribe, nicknamed "Mao" (born 30 April 1980 in Medellín) is a Colombian football midfielder, who currently plays for FC Seoul in the K-League. He is fluent in Spanish, English and Portuguese.
Career.
Molina started his career in Colombian side Envigado at the age of 16. He soon made his way up to the first team and was transferred to Independiente Santa Fé. around his stint through Santa Fe, After a serious injury he returned to the pitch in 2002 playing for Independiente Medellín where he led the team to its first national championship in 45 years and the third overall. In 2003 he helped the team reach the semi-finals of the Copa Libertadores. After the successful campaign with Independiente Medellín he moved to CA Morelia of Mexico until 2004. After Morelia, Molina went to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to play for the Al Ain FC where he stayed for a semester, after which he returned to his best memories with Independiente Medellin for another semester. Molina then played for San Lorenzo de Almagro of Argentina from 2005 to 2006. In 2007, Molina signed with Paraguayan Club Olimpia de Asunción where he played the first semester of the year. After a very successful campaign with the team in which he was the co-scorer with 10 goals, Molina was transfer for the second semester of 2007 to the Serbian club FK Crvena Zvezda, also known as Red Star Belgrade, in which Molina makes his debut in the European football.
Molina prepares to include himself in the lines of a great club: Brazilian Santos. He made his debut as a Santos player on 13 February 2008, starting against Cúcuta Deportivo of Colombia in the 2008 Copa Libertadores.
At the national team level, he was part of the Colombia national football team that won the 2001 Copa América.
In July 2009, Molina moves to South Korean club Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma for $1,275,000. In his first K-League match for Seongnam, he scored debut goal against Pohang Steelers. In all K-league competitions Molina scored 22 goals along with 11 assists in 50 appearances for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and in 2010 Molina and Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma won the AFC Champions League 2010.
On 24 January 2011, Molina signed for K-League side FC Seoul on a three-year contract.
Honours.
National team.
Colombian Championship: 2002– II
Club.
Deportivo Independiente Medellin Copa Mustang Winners (1) 2002
FC Seoul
Stats in K League.
"Statistics accurate as of 7 December 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="9685405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685405" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint George's in Grenada">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint George's in Grenada

The Roman Catholic Diocese of St. George's in Grenada () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The diocese encompasses the entirety of the British dependency of Grenada, including the islands of Grenada, Carriacou, and Petite Martinique. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Castries and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference. 
The diocese of St. Georges in Grenada was erected in 20 February 1956 from the Archdiocese of Port of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9685419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685419" title="Schönfeldts Gränd">
Schönfeldts Gränd

Schönfeldts Gränd (Swedish: "Alley of Schönfeldt") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching south-west from Stora Nygatan to Mälartorget it is crossed by Lilla Nygatan and Munkbrogatan, and forms a parallel street to Kåkbrinken and Lejonstedts Gränd.
Before the street names of the old town were revised in 1885, the part east of Lilla Nygatan was known as "Schönfeldts gränd", while the western part was called "Prechtens gränd" ("Alley of Precht").
History.
The name Prechtens gränd is composed by the German surname Precht with a definite article suffix added to it, and refers to the German-born court sculptor Buchardt Precht (1651–1738) whose workshop was located on the corner to Lilla Nygatan. A map dated 1733, probably erroneously, labels the street "Prechtris gr"["änd"]; the same section in 1737 referred to as "Badstugugårds eller Prechtens gränd" ("Bathhouse Homestead or..."); and a guide in 1820 names it "Prectens gr"["änd"].
Schönfeldts gränd refers to Greger von Schönfeldt (-1675/76), assessor at the board of trade, who bought the palace built by Lennart Torstensson (1603–1651) north of the alley between Lilla and Stora Nygatan in 1674. He died before the palace was completed, but his wife and family could finally move in during 1680. Later proprietors include, the president of the Privy Council Arvid Bernhard Horn (1664–1742), who took possession of the palace through his wife Inga Törnflycht; the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences who bought the property in 1778; Jernkontoret, trade association of the Swedish steel industry; Stora Kopparbergs Bergslags AB moved in 1820; and from the 1960s it is the HQ of Moderata Samlingspartiet, the Swedish liberal conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="9685422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685422" title="FUDI">
FUDI

FUDI is a networking protocol used by the Pure Data patching language invented by Miller Puckette. It is a string based protocol in which messages are separated by semicolons. Messages are made up of tokens separated by whitespaces, and numerical tokens are represented as strings.
Format.
FUDI is a packet oriented protocol.
Each message consists of one or more atoms, separated by one or more whitespace characters, and it's terminated by a semicolon character.
An atom is a sequence of one or more characters; whitespaces inside atoms can be escaped by the backslash (ascii 92) character (see Examples below).
A whitespace is either a space (ascii 32), a tab (ascii 9) or a newline (ascii 10).
A semicolon (ascii 59) is mandatory to terminate (and send) a message.
A newline is just treated as whitespace and not needed for message termination.
Fudi is also the Swiss German word for bottom.
Implementations.
pdsend / pdreceive.
Those command-line tools are distributed with the software Pure Data. They are meant to be used with their counterparts, the classes / [netreceive of Pd.
/ [netreceive.
Those classes can be used to transport Pd-messages over a TCP or UDP socket. Both are part of Pd-vanilla.
/ [netclient.
Those are part of maxlib and allow bidirectional connections of multiple clients with one server.

</doc>
<doc id="9685432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685432" title="Houston Cougars baseball">
Houston Cougars baseball

The Houston Cougars baseball team is the college baseball team of the University of Houston. 
Along with the university's other athletic teams, the baseball team is a member of the American Athletic Conference as a Division I team. They play their home games at Cougar Field. In addition to numerous NCAA Tournament appearances, the Cougars have made two College World Series appearances. Houston has been led by head coach Todd Whitting since 2011.
History.
Early years and Lovette Hill era.
The University of Houston's baseball program started in 1947. Head coach Ned Thompson was hired from Pasadena High School, and became the first baseball coach for 1947, backfield coach in football from 1946-1948 for the University of Houston. He also served as associate athletic director in charge of business finances from 1946-1976. Among the players for his 1947 baseball team was pitcher Bill Henry who had been a forward on Thompson's state high school championship basketball team the year prior. Following his 1947 efforts for Houston, Henry went on to become Houston's first player to play Major League Baseball, where he enjoyed a seventeen-year career.
During the first few years of the baseball team's existence, head coaches came and went, and after the third season, the team had already been through three. Houston's fourth head baseball coach, Lovette Hill broke this trend when taking over for the 1950 season. A year after Hill became coach, the Houston Cougars appeared in their first NCAA Regional. The 1953 season was one of the team's most historic and winningest years as they made their first College World Series appearance. Continuing with Lovette Hill, the Cougars appeared in several more NCAA Regionals throughout the 1950s and 1960s. Appearing in the 1967 College World Series against the Arizona State Sun Devils, the Cougars won runner-up and finished with a #2 national ranking. The team began by playing their home games at nearby Buffalo Stadium, before moving into an on-campus facility.
Walton era.
After a 24-year tenure with the Cougars, Lovette Hill retired, and Rolan Walton took over as head coach. Walton had previously served with the Cougars in the early years under Hill as a player. He later played as a shortstop for the Victoria Rosebuds, a Texas League team, before leaving in 1954. During Walton's time as coach, the Cougars appeared in two more NCAA Regionals throughout the 1980s. Also during this time, the University of Houston discontinued their stint as being independent from any college athletic conference, and joined the now defunct Southwest Conference in 1976.
Stockton era.
In 1987, the University of Houston hired Bragg Stockton as head coach, and appeared in another NCAA Regional the same year. Before Stockton retired after the 1993 season, the Cougars made one more appearance. Playing under Stockton were several standout players including Rayner Noble. After a brief stint of playing in Minor League Baseball, Noble returned to the University of Houston as an assistant coach under Stockton. In 1994, following Bragg Stockton's retirement, Rayner Noble was named head coach of the Cougars. Stockton however, was not completely done with the team, and returned for the 2002 season as a volunteer coach. Working with Noble for only a year, Stockton died.
Noble era.
After becoming head coach of the Cougars in 1994, Rayner Noble launched the Cougars to more NCAA Regional appearances than any other coach in the team's history. In addition to eight of such appearances, the Cougars have appeared in three NCAA Super Regionals. In 1995, the Cougars baseball team received a newly constructed Cougar Field that seated 5,000. The following year was the last for the Southwest Conference, and in 1997 the Cougars joined Conference USA. In 2004, the Cougars played San Diego State at Petco Park in front of 40,106, the largest college baseball crowd to date. 
In 2006, pitcher Brad Lincoln won the Dick Howser Trophy. Lincoln was the first to receive this award in the program's history, and in Conference USA. He also received the Brooks Wallace Award that year among other honors.
In Conference USA, the Cougars appeared in every Conference USA Baseball Tournament, and held the second most amount of tournament titles (behind Tulane).
Despite becoming the program's winningest coach, Noble's 2008 and 2009 records were back-to-back losing seasons, which Houston had not seen since 1974 and 1975.
Whitting and modern era.
In 2010, it was announced that Rayner Noble would not return as Houston's head coach. Former assistant coach and player for Houston Todd Whitting was announced as his replacement. Whitting had served in various positions with TCU, ultimately serving as associate head coach before returning to his alma mater.
In the 2013 season after rebuilding the team for two years, Whitting has led the Houston Cougar Baseball team to its best start in the last twenty-four seasons. In March 2013, for the first time in seven years, with Todd Whitting at the helm, Houston Cougar Baseball was ranked in the top twenty by Baseball America.
Houston's Cougar Field received substantial renovations at the end of the 2013 calendar year thanks to major donations from Alumni and former players. FieldTurf was installed to replace the natural grass and bullpens were upgraded giving the stadium a nice makeover.
In 2014 season, the Houston Cougars joined the American Athletic Conference for its inaugural season. Riding the momentum of the 2013 season, the Cougars continued their success into 2014 and won the AAC conference tournament to become the first American Athletic Conference Baseball Champions. The Cougars finished the 2014 regular season with an impressive 44-15 record and ranking as high as number 9 nationally. This was also the first season since 1993 the Cougars have swept baseball powerhouse Rice and claimed the Silver Glove Series.
Rivalries.
Each year Houston competes in the Silver Glove series against the Rice University Owls.
MLB Draft history.
Bold italics indicates player competed or currently plays in the Major Leagues
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008 
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2000
1999
1998
1997
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1969
1968

</doc>
<doc id="9685435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685435" title="Radbuza">
Radbuza

The Radbuza (; ) is a 112 km long river in the Czech Republic, the right tributary of the Mže. Its source is situated at the foot of Lysá mountain (869 metres) near the village of Závist, near Domažlice. It passes through the villages and towns of Rybník, Smolov, Bělá nad Radbuzou, Horšovský Týn, Staňkov, Holýšov, Stod, Chotěšov, Zbůch and Dobřany before flowing into the river Mže in Plzeň. Its major tributaries are the Zubřina, Merklinka and Úhlava. The basin area of the Radbuza is 2,182 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9685449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685449" title="IROC XVIII">
IROC XVIII

The eighteenth year of IROC competition took place in 1994. IROC XVIII was the first year the Dodge Avenger was used in competition, replacing the Dodge Daytona, and continued the format introduced in IROC XVIII. Race one took place on the Daytona International Speedway, race two took place at Darlington Raceway, race three ran at Talladega Superspeedway, and the year finished at Michigan International Speedway. Mark Martin won the series championship, and took home $200,000 for his efforts.
The roster of drivers and final points standings were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9685457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685457" title="Goran Bregović (album)">
Goran Bregović (album)

Goran Bregović is a self-titled album by Bijelo dugme's frontman Goran Bregović, released in 1976 in-between the band's second ("Šta bi dao da si na mom mjestu") and third ("Eto! Baš hoću!") studio albums.
Although the title and sleeve announce it as a solo Bregović record, album "Goran Bregović" is actually a conceptual smorgasbord of different new and recycled material. It consists of:
Track listing.
"Ti nikad nećeš znati srce jedne žene".
Track entirely prepared by Bregović, and recorded in 1976 with Bijelo dugme's lineup at the time - the only change being Zdenka Kovačiček on vocal instead of Željko Bebek who moved to guitar to tighten the sound.
Thirty four years later in 2010, the song was remixed by the Serbian techno act sevdahBABY and released on their album "Ganc novi funk!".
"Šta ću nano, dragi mi je ljut".
Entirely prepared by Bregović, the track was recorded under his guidance in 1976 by Bisera Veletanlić on vocal, together with Dragi & Žika Jelić of YU grupa, Laza Ristovski of SMAK, and Raša Đelmaš. 
Eight years later the track was re-recorded with Tifa on vocal, and repackaged on Bijelo dugme's 1984 album "Kosovka djevojka" as "Lipe cvatu", which went on to become a huge hit and one of the band's signature songs.
"Čekala sam".
Another track entirely prepared by Bregović, and recorded in 1976 with Bijelo dugme's lineup at the time - the only modification being Jadranka Stojaković on vocal instead of Željko Bebek who moved to guitar. 
The song never gained much attention upon its release on this album, but enjoyed an unexpected revival sixteen years later when director Srđan Dragojević included it in his 1992 hit movie "Mi nismo anđeli". In the film it is performed by actors Srđan Todorović and Uroš Đurić as their characters Angel and Devil in a memorable night club scene. The song also appears in the movie's 2005 sequel "Mi nismo anđeli 2".
"Ko zna reći".
Entirely prepared by Bregović, and recorded in 1976 with Bijelo dugme's lineup at the time - the only change being Jadranka Stojaković on vocal instead of Željko Bebek who moved to guitar. 
"Kad bi' bio bijelo dugme".
Re-release of the 1972 Jutro recording, which had already been released as a two-side single in 1973.
"Ima neka tajna veza".
An all acoustic re-recording of Bijelo dugme's hit track. The track's original version was already released as A-side on the band's 1975 two-side single "Ima neka tajna veza" / "I kad prodje sve, pjevat ću i tad" and was now re-recorded specifically for this album in a slightly different arrangement with Jadranka Stojaković on vocal instead of Željko Bebek.
"U subotu, mala".
Re-release of the 1972 Jutro recording, which had already been released as a two-side single in 1973.
1999 re-release.
The album was re-released in 1999 by PGP RTS on the CD format, containing exactly the same track listing with a slightly different sleeve that includes some biographical info about Goran Bregović, Bijelo dugme and the circumstances in which the original album was conceived in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9685480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685480" title="West Point School District">
West Point School District

The West Point School District is a public school district based in West Point, Mississippi (USA).
Demographics.
2007-08 school year.
There were a total of 3,451 students enrolled in the West Point School District during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 79.83% African American, 19.33% White, 0.64% Hispanic, 0.17% Asian, and 0.03% Native American.
Sports facts.
1982 Class 2A state football champions
1987 Class 4A state football champions
1988 Class 4A state football champions
1989 Class 5A state football champions
2005 Class 4A state football champions
2009 Class 5A state football champions
2010 Class 5A state football champions

</doc>
<doc id="9685509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685509" title="Chiayi Airport">
Chiayi Airport

Chiayi Airport () , commonly known as Shueishang Airport (), is an airport in Chiayi County, Taiwan. The airport has two runways, and it is used as a Civil Airport and ROCAF Air Base.
A number of US Air Force units have been stationed at Chiayi Air Base, including the 67th Fighter-Bomber Squadron from 27 January – 17 February 1955 and 1 July – 1 October 1955.
History.
The airport was opened on 1 January 1978. It underwent expansion in 1995 and it is still in use until now.

</doc>
<doc id="9685514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685514" title="Solomon, ex-Lambert Stradivarius">
Solomon, ex-Lambert Stradivarius

The Solomon, Ex-Lambert Stradivarius of 1729 is a violin fabricated by Italian luthier Antonio Stradivari of Cremona (1644–1737). The instrument derives its name from previous owners Seymour Solomon, co-founder of Vanguard Records, and British violinist, Dorothy Mary Murray Lambert
The "Solomon, ex-Lambert" comes from Stradivari's mature period and, retains the bold outline, superb arching and quality materials which account for the power, sonority and tonal balance his work is recognized for.
Provenance.
The first recorded owner of the "Solomon, Ex-Lambert Stradivarius" was Berlin dealer and expert August Riechers who sold it to ‘Miss Price’, a student of the violin studying in Berlin at the time. From Price the violin passed to the venerable English collector Robert Bower, one of the preeminent connoisseurs of his day who owned no fewer than twenty-four Stradivari instruments. By 1922 the violin was sold through the London dealers of John and Arthur Beare to Ernest E. Winterbotham who paid GB£1,600 and presented the violin to his wife Dorothy Mary Murray Lambert.
Known as Miss Murray Lambert, she was among the few British women of the 1920s and 1930s who pursued a career as a concert violinist. A student of both Carl Flesch and Leopold Auer she was a champion of British contemporary composers and a prolific performer of the works of Sir Hamilton Harty. It is said that her performances of the "Violin Sonata No.1" by Frederick Delius inspired the artist Hugh Riviere R.A. (1869–1956) to create his final full-length portrait, "Delius Sonata". By the late 1930s Lambert withdrew from the concert stage to concentrate on teaching which she pursued through the 1950s.
Following Lambert's death the violin was offered at auction in 1972 as “The Property of Miss Murray Lambert,” selling for GB£17,500 to Seymour Solomon.
On 23 February 2007 a demonstration performance of the "Solomon, Ex-Lambert" by violinist Ruth Palmer was held for the press launch for the auction by Christie's. The violin sold for US$2.728 million on 2 April 2007 to an anonymous bidder represented by violin buying agent Ric Heinl.

</doc>
<doc id="9685521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685521" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Cayenne">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cayenne

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cayenne (erected 1651, as the Prefecture Apostolic of French Guiana-Cayenne) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Fort-de-France. It was elevated on to the Vicariate Apostolic of French Guiana-Cayenne on 10 January 1933 and to the Diocese of Cayenne on 29 February 1956. The seat of the bishop is in Cayenne Cathedral.
Ordinaries.
See also:List of Roman Catholic dioceses in South America

</doc>
<doc id="9685556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685556" title="Clement Francis Cornwall">
Clement Francis Cornwall

Clement Francis Cornwall (June 18, 1836 – February 15, 1910) was a Canadian parliamentarian and the third Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia. 
Cornwall was born at Ashcroft House, in Newington Bagpath, near Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire, England in 1836, son of the Reverend Alan Gardner Cornwall, the Anglican rector of Owlpen and Newington Bagpath, Gloucestershire, and Caroline Kingscote, of Kingscote, Gloucestershire. Both of Cornwall's parents, though untitled, were able to trace their family lineages in England back as far as the Norman Conquest of 1066. After childhood education in private schools, Cornwall went to Trinity College, Cambridge but transferred to Magdalene College, Cambridge, graduating in 1858 with a Bachelor of Arts. He was called to the bar by the Society of the Inner Temple, London in 1862, but that same year he departed for and arrived in British Columbia.
Unlike nearly all others newly arrived in the colony, and despite touring the mining districts, Cornwall made no effort to pursue mining, choosing instead to focus on stock-raising and the legal profession. He spent time at his seasonal practice as lawyer at Wild Horse Creek, French Creek and in the Big Bend. 
In 1864 Cornwall was elected to represent the Hope-Yale-Lytton riding for the newly created colonial Legislative Assembly , and was also a member of the same body in 1871 during the period in which British Columbia joined Canadian confederation. Immediately after the new province entered Confederation, Cornwall was appointed to the Canadian senate and served in that capacity for ten years until accepting the invitation in 1881 to serve as Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia. He had been appointed a provincial Justice of the Peace in 1864 and continued in that capacity until April, 1885; he retired from the office of Lieutenant-Governor in 1887 . He was engaged in "rural pursuits" - the life of a gentleman rancher - from the time of his retirement until September 17, 1889, when he was appointed to the bench as Judge of the County Court of Cariboo, also receiving the title of Stipendiary Magistrate in the same year. He continued in that position until retiring to Victoria in 1906.
Cornwall was a member of many agricultural and pioneer societies, including the Dominion Council of Agriculture. In partnership with his brother Henry P. Cornwall, he managed a ranching operation which for many years was the province's largest supplier of livestock. Their cattle ranch near the confluence of the Bonaparte and Thompson Rivers was named for Cornwall's birthplace as Ashcroft Manor; the township as Ashcroft. The ranch also operated a gristmill, a sawmill, and a roadhouse. Both Cornwalls were avid proponents of "gentlemen's sports", especially horse-racing and fox-hunting. The Ashcroft Manor Ranch was memorable for its hunting parties, with Cornwall's select group of foxhounds, from the Duke of Beaufort's celebrated kennels, put in hot pursuit of the local coyotes instead of foxes, and lavish social entertainments for any guests visiting during the hunt. Ashcroft became one of the main horse-racing venues in the province at a time when that was the number-one sport, and Cornwall took a prominent part in their organization. In due course he became president of the British Columbia Jockey Club. The Cornwall Hills and Cornwall Creek, in the vicinity of the ranch, which was also known as the Cornwall Ranch, derive their name from the Cornwall brothers.
Cornwall, who was a member of the Church of England, was married to Charlotte Pemberton, daughter of the Reverend A.G. Pemberton of Kensal Green, London.

</doc>
<doc id="9685558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685558" title="Jimmy Jones Tchana">
Jimmy Jones Tchana

Jimmy Jones Tchana (born August 14, 1984 in Paris, France), is a French footballer who plays for Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE in the Hungarian Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
Career.
Jimmy made his debut for Debreceni VSC in the Hungarian Borsodi Liga on February 23, 2007 in a 1-0 away win against Vasas SC as a sub, and scored his first goal for Debreceni in his first league match.

</doc>
<doc id="9685569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685569" title="Camp Naomi">
Camp Naomi

Camp Naomi was a summer overnight camp located from 1934 to 1953 in Billerica, Massachusetts and then from 1954 to 1985 on Crescent Lake in East Raymond, Maine. The camp was operated in association with the Jewish Community Centers (JCC) of New England. Originally an all-girls camp, its brother camp, Camp Joseph was closed and merged into Naomi in the mid-1970s to create a Co-Ed camp.
From the late 1960s until the camp was closed Leonard "Lenny" M. Katowitz served as its Executive Director. Katowitz died on December 11, 2005.
For campers entering their senior year of high school Camp Naomi featured a 4 week trip to Israel as part of its Counselor-in-Training (CIT) program. At the end of each summer the camp was divided into two teams - Haganah and Maccabee - for its four-day Maccabiah competition (aka Color War).
On a daily basis campers participated in a typical variety of activities that included sports, arts and crafts, and on its waterfront boating, swimming, and water-skiing.
The site formally occupied by Camp Naomi was sold and re-emerged as Camp Nashoba North in 1987.
A large reunion of Camp Naomi alumni occurred Labor Day weekend 2008 in Portland ME.

</doc>
<doc id="9685583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685583" title="Venturer-class minesweeper">
Venturer-class minesweeper

The "Venturer" class minesweepers were naval trawlers converted from fishing trawlers to minesweeper service for the Royal Navy in 1978.
There were 2 members of the class: 
They reverted to their former names and owner in November 1983 and were converted into oil rig safety/standby vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="9685588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685588" title="George Anderson (soccer executive)">
George Anderson (soccer executive)

George Anderson (June 23, 1890 – May 30, 1985) was a Canadian soccer organizer and manager. Born in Strichen, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, Anderson moved to Canada when he was 19, first living in Souris, Manitoba and then in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He served in the Canadian army during the First World War.
Following the Second World War, Anderson organized the relaunch of the Dominion Football Association/Canadian Football Association. He served on the executive from 1950 to 1968 and played a major role in organizing Canada's first FIFA World Cup entry in 1957 (the team did not qualify for the 1958 FIFA World Cup). Anderson has been inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame and the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9685597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685597" title="Crowned cormorant">
Crowned cormorant

The crowned cormorant ("Microcarbo coronatus") is a small cormorant that is endemic to the waters of the cold Benguela Current of southern Africa. It is an exclusively coastal species and is not found more than 10 km (6 mi) away from land. This species is related to the reed cormorant, and was formerly considered to the same species.
Distribution.
It is found from Cape Agulhas north to Swakopmund along the coast of southern Africa.
The population appears to be between 2500 and 2900 breeding pairs. It breeds in small groups, with fewer than 150 individuals per colony being typical. Ringing recoveries show that juveniles may disperse up to 277 km from their nests, and adults move between breeding sites over 500 km apart.
Description.
The crowned cormorant is 50–55 cm in length. Adults are black with a small crest on the head and a red face patch. 
Young birds are dark brown above, paler brown below, and lack the crest. They can be distinguished from immature reed cormorants by their darker underparts and shorter tail.
Behavior.
Crowned cormorants feed on slow-moving fish and invertebrates, which they forage for in shallow coastal waters and among kelp beds.
It builds a nest from kelp, sticks, bones and lines it with kelp or feathers. The nest is usually in an elevated position such as a rocks, trees or man-made structures, but may be built on the ground. 
Conservation.
Threats to the species include predation of eggs and chicks by kelp gulls and great white pelicans, human disturbance, oiling, and commercial fishing activities, including entanglement in marine debris and fishing gear. 

</doc>
<doc id="9685598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685598" title="Hengchun Airport">
Hengchun Airport

Hengchun Airport () is an airport in Hengchun, Pingtung County, Taiwan. The airport is near Kenting National Park and is the southern-most airport in Taiwan.
Due to its location, the airport experiences strong Katabatic wind and is forced to close. Because of this, the load factor of the flights rarely exceeds 40%; airlines are considering filing applications for withdrawal of services to Hengchun.
History.
The airport construction was finished in 2003 and opened to public in 2004 with a cost of NT$ 539,000,000.
Airlines and destinations.
Mandarin Airlines and TransAsia Airways dropped out from serving the airport due to poor load factor and Hengchun Peninsular's seasonal strong winds which make landing and take off dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="9685607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685607" title="National Institute of Cinema and Audiovisual Arts">
National Institute of Cinema and Audiovisual Arts

The National Institute of Cinema and Audiovisual Arts (, INCAA; also referred to as the Argentine National Film Board) is an Argentine government film production company in Buenos Aires. It promotes the Argentine film industry by funding qualified Argentine film production companies. The Institute was established on 14 May 1968 by law nº 17.741.
Ratings.
Through its Advisory Commission of Cinematographic Exhibition ("Comisión Asesora de Exhibición Cinematográfica") the INCAA issues ratings for films based on the following system:

</doc>
<doc id="9685659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685659" title="Hugh Mulzac">
Hugh Mulzac

Hugh Nathaniel Mulzac (March 26, 1886–January 30, 1971) was an African-American member of the United States Merchant Marine. He earned a Master rating in 1918 which should have qualified him to command a ship, but this did not happen until September 29, 1942 because of racial discrimination.
Life and career.
Early life.
Born on March 26, 1886 on Union Island in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, his life at sea started right after high school when he served on British schooners.
With a mate's license from Swansea Nautical College he rose to the rank of mate before immigrating to the United States in 1918. Within two years he had earned the first ever master's certificate ever issued to an African American. He served as a mate on the SS "Yarmouth" of the Black Star Line until that line went out of business in 1922.
For the next two decades the only shipboard work Mulzac could get was in the steward's departments on several shipping lines."
Mulzac was finally promoted to the rank of captain, but he refused the offer because the rank was attached to the condition that he would serve above an all black crew. Mulzac then became a cook for another twenty-two years until he was finally provided the opportunity he sought in World War II.
World War II.
In 1942 he was offered command of the SS "Booker T. Washington", the first Liberty ship to be named after an African-American. He refused at first because the crew was to be all black. He insisted on an integrated crew, stating, ""Under no circumstances will I command a Jim Crow""
After the war.
After the war, Mulzac again couldn't get command of a ship. In 1948 he unsuccessfully filed a lawsuit against the ship's operators. Then in 1950 he made a bid for Queens Borough President under the American Labor Party ticket. He lost the election, having gotten 15,500 votes.
Due to his strong ties to the labor movement, he found himself blacklisted in the era of McCarthyism. At the New York state election, 1958, he ran on the Independent-Socialist ticket for New York State Comptroller.
Mulzac was a self-taught painter, and in 1958, thirty-two of his oil paintings were put on exhibit at one man show in the Countee Cullen Library in Manhattan. In 1960 a Federal Judge restored his seaman's papers and license, and at the age of 74 he was able to find work as a night mate.
On September 29, 1920, Hugh Mulzac married Marie Avis, a native of Jamaica; they would have four children. Their youngest daughter, Una Mulzac, was the founder of a prominent Harlem-based political and Black power-oriented bookstore, Liberation Bookstore.
Captain Mulzac died in East Meadow, New York on January 30, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9685685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685685" title="Arkansas Air National Guard">
Arkansas Air National Guard

The Arkansas Air National Guard (AR ANG) is the air force militia of the State of Arkansas, United States of America. It is, along with the Arkansas Army National Guard, an element of the Arkansas National Guard.
As state militia units, the units in the Arkansas Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command. They are under the jurisdiction of the Governor of Arkansas though the office of the Arkansas Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the President of the United States. The Arkansas Air National Guard is headquartered at Fort Smith, and its commander is Brigadier General Travis D. "Dwight" Balch.
Overview.
Under the "Total Force" concept, Arkansas Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). Arkansas ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the Arkansas Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as state militia units the elements of the Arkansas ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. State missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The Arkansas Air National Guard consists of the following major units:
Support Unit Functions and Capabilities:
History.
The Arkansas Air National Guard origins date to 28 August 1917 with the establishment of the 154th Aero Squadron as part of the World War I American Expeditionary Force. The 154th served in France on the Western Front, then after the 1918 Armistice with Germany was demobilized in 1919. 
The Militia Act of 1903 established the present National Guard system, units raised by the states but paid for by the Federal Government, liable for immediate state service. If federalized by Presidential order, they fall under the regular military chain of command. On 1 June 1920, the Militia Bureau issued Circular No.1 on organization of National Guard air units.
The unit was reorganized with the establishment of a permanent air service in 1920 as the 154th Observation Squadron on 24 October 1925, and is oldest unit of the Arkansas Air National Guard. It is one of the 29 original National Guard Observation Squadrons of the United States Army National Guard formed before World War II. The 154th Observation Squadron was activated for one year of training on 16 September 1940. The unit completed its one-year training and returned to state control, but was recalled to active duty on 7 December 1941 as a result of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
On 24 May 1946, the United States Army Air Forces, in response to dramatic postwar military budget cuts imposed by President Harry S. Truman, allocated inactive unit designations to the National Guard Bureau for the formation of an Air Force National Guard. These unit designations were allotted and transferred to various State National Guard bureaus to provide them unit designations to re-establish them as Air National Guard units. 
The modern Arkansas ANG received federal recognition on 27 May 1946 as the 154th Fighter Squadron at Adams Field, Little Rock. It was equipped with F-51D Mustangs and its mission was the air defense of the state. 18 September 1947, however, is considered the Arkansas Air National Guard's official birth concurrent with the establishment of the United States Air Force as a separate branch of the United States military under the National Security Act.
On 2 October 1950, the 154th Fighter Squadron, along with detachment B, 237th Air Services Group and the 154th Utility Flight reported to active duty for service in Korea. The unit went to Langley Air Force Base, VA where it was re-equipped with the F-84E fighter and completed transition training. The 154th flew its first combat sortie 2 May 1951. Initially operating out of Itaeke, Japan the unit later moved to Taegu, Korea. The 154th returned to Arkansas and was relieved from active duty 1 July 1952. While in Korea the 154th flew 3,790 combat sorties and was awarded the Presidential Korean Citation for its service
The 184th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron was federally recognized on 15 October 1953 at Fort Smith Regional Airport, being equipped with RB-26C Invaders, used for night photo-reconnaissance.
On 22 August 1962, the 184th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 188th Tactical Reconnaissance Group was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 184th TRS becoming the group's flying squadron. On 1 October, the 154th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 189th Tactical Reconnaissance Group was allotted by the National Guard Bureau, extended federal recognition and activated.
Today, the 189th Airlift Wing at Little Rock AFB is home to the most experienced C-130 instructor cadre in the world. Since 1998, the primary mission of the 189 AW has been to teach the C-130 Instructor School curriculum for pilots, navigators, flight engineers, and loadmasters. Students include aircrew members from all branches of the DoD, Coast Guard, and many foreign countries. The 188th Fighter Wing's A-10 Thunderbolts at Fort Smith provide close air support to troops on the ground.
After the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, elements of every Air National Guard unit in Arkansas has been activated in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Flight crews, aircraft maintenance personnel, communications technicians, air controllers and air security personnel were engaged in Operation Noble Eagle air defense overflights of major United States cities. Also, Arkansas ANG units have been deployed overseas as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as well as other locations as directed.

</doc>
<doc id="9685701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685701" title="Tennyson High School">
Tennyson High School

Tennyson High School is a high school in Hayward, California formed in 1957.
Location.
Tennyson is within one mile north of the South Hayward BART station. The school is bordered to the west by the Amtrak "Capitol Corridor" route, with a train signal and gates installed there. Student fatalities from trains have been reported.
Academics.
Tennyson offers Advanced Placement classes.
According to a 2013 report only "16 percent of ninth graders attended class on a daily basis and just 34 percent of seniors at Tennyson High School graduated last year".
Associated schools.
Local schools which feed into Tennyson High include: Cesar E. Chavez Middle School, known as La Vista Intermediate until 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9685705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685705" title="John de Rait">
John de Rait

John de Rait [Raith, Rathe, Rate, Rathet] was a 14th-century Scottish cleric. The name "Rait" probably links him to the village of Rait in Gowrie, although the name "Rath" - Gaelic for a type of enclosed settlement - is common to many settlements in Scotland. Rait, at some unknown university, attained a Master's Degree in his youth; he was Archdeacon of Aberdeen between 1342 and 1350, and Precentor of Elgin Cathedral between 1349 and 1350. He resigned both positions in 1350 because in that year he became Bishop of Aberdeen. He held this position for five years, dying sometime before 9 June 1355 and was buried in the choir of Aberdeen Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9685715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685715" title="Group 3 (racing)">
Group 3 (racing)

The Group 3 racing class referred to a set of regulations for Grand Touring Cars competing in sportscar racing and rallying events regulated by the FIA. These regulations were active, in various forms, from 1957 to 1981
1957 to 1965.
Regulations for Grand Touring Car racing were first defined when the FIA issued "Appendix J" for Touring Cars and GT Cars in 1954. The term Group 3 was in use by 1957 and by 1960 a minimum production of 100 units in 12 consecutive months was required to allow homologation into Group 3. An FIA GT Cup was instituted in 1960 and the GT category was featuring prominently in most rounds of the World Sports Car Championship. For 1962 the FIA replaced the World Sports Car Championship with an International Championship for GT Manufacturers, the new title being awarded each year through to 1965.
1966 to 1969.
The FIA introduced a new Group 3 Grand Touring Car category in 1966 as part of a major revision of the Appendix J regulations. The production minimum required for Group 3 homologation was raised to 500 units and models such as the Ferrari 250 GTO and Porsche 904 were reclassified to the new Group 4 Sports Car category with its lower 50 unit minimum. The International Championship for GT Manufacturers was discontinued for 1966 and replaced by the International Championship for Sports Cars. GT cars were eligible to compete with the Group 4 cars in rounds of the International Championship for Sports Cars in 1966 and 1967 and then in the new International Championship for Makes with Group 4 Sports Cars and Group 6 Prototype-Sports Cars in 1968 and 1969. An International Cup for GT Cars was contested concurrently with the Makes Championship from 1968.
1970 to 1981.
The creation of a new Group 4 Special Grand Touring Car category in 1970 saw Group 3 renamed as Series Production Grand Touring Cars and the minimum production requirement increased to 1000 units. Group 4, which allowed a greater degree of modification to the competing vehicles, had its minimum production requirement set at 500 units. Both GT categories were eligible to compete in the International Championship for Makes and then, from 1972, in the renamed World Championship of Makes. The International Cup for GT Cars also continued. In 1976 the World Championship of Makes was restricted to production derived cars (FIA Groups 1 to 5) and the International Cup for GT Cars was discontinued in that year.
The Group 3 Series Production Grand Touring Car category remained valid through to 1981 with the FIA introducing a new Group B Grand Touring car category the following year.
Rallying.
In rallying, there were classes for Group 1, Group 2, Group 3 and Group 4 cars. The Lancia Beta Coupe, was homologated into both Group 3 and Group 4, with the Group 3 car running the mass-produced 8-valve engine, and the Group 4 version running the more powerful 16-valve.

</doc>
<doc id="9685723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685723" title="Bezunesh Bekele">
Bezunesh Bekele

Bezunesh Bekele (full name "Bezunesh Bekele Sertsu," also written "Bizunesh Bekele;" born 29 January 1983) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specializes in cross-country running and marathons.
Biography.
She was born in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa. She took a number of circuit wins on the road in her first few years of competition, having back-to-back wins at the Montferland Run in 2004 and 2005, as well as a win at the Rotterdam Half Marathon. She won the Cross Internacional de Itálica in 2006 and finished in sixth place in the short race at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships later that season. The following year she took prominent circuit victories at the Zevenheuvelenloop and the Portugal Half Marathon.
At the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships she finished fourth and set a new national half marathon record of 1:08:07. The record was beaten by Dire Tune, who won the 2009 Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon setting the Ethiopian half marathon record of 1:07:18. Bekele narrowly missed being selected for the 2008 Ethiopian Olympic team. Although Bekele had faster times, Dire Tune was chosen for the team instead, leading to a strained relationship between the two runners. Bezunesh was third at the Great Manchester Run in 2008, finishing behind Jo Pavey and Rose Cheruiyot.
She made her marathon debut with a run of 2:23:09 in the 2008 Dubai Marathon, taking second place behind Birhane Adere and running one of fastest ever times for a débutante. She returned to the race the following year and won, beating Atsede Habtamu to the finish by over a minute. At the 2009 World Championships in Athletics she was selected to compete in the marathon for Ethiopia and she finished in 16th place. She ran at the London Marathon in April 2010 and was fourth in a time of 2:23:17. At a rainy Berlin Marathon in September that year she finished the race in 2:24:58, which was enough to take second place behind Aberu Kebede.
A return to London in 2011 saw her make the best finish by an Ethiopian, coming fourth in 2:23:42 hours. At the 2011 World Championships in Athletics she finished fourth again, narrowly missing out on the podium. Bezunesh improved her four-year-old personal best time with a run at the 2012 Dubai Marathon. Her time of 2:20:30 hours for fourth place moved her into the top twenty fastest woman for the event and made her the third fastest Ethiopian woman. 
She placed fourth at the Yangzhou Half Marathon in April, but had better performances in the second half of the year: she won the Great Scottish Run, set a 10-mile personal best of 51:45 minutes as the runner-up at the Dam tot Damloop, and came fourth at the Frankfurt Marathon.
Bekele's husband, Tessema Abshiro, is also a marathon runner with the Ethiopian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="9685728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685728" title="Sexy son hypothesis">
Sexy son hypothesis

The sexy son hypothesis of evolutionary biology was first proposed by Ronald Fisher in 1930. It proposes that a female animal's optimal choice among potential mates is a male whose genes will produce male offspring with the best chance of reproductive success. In particular, the sexy son hypothesis implies that a potential mate's capacity as a caregiver or any other direct benefits the male can offer the female (e.g. nuptial gifts, good territory) are irrelevant to his value as the potential father of the female's offspring. What matters are her "sexy sons"' future breeding successes (like that of their promiscuous father) in creating large numbers of offspring carrying copies of the female's genes. This hypothesis has been researched in species such as the European pied flycatcher.
Context.
Female mating preferences are widely recognized as being responsible for the rapid and divergent evolution of male secondary sexual traits. In 1976, prior to Weatherhead and Robertson's paper, Richard Dawkins had written in his book "The Selfish Gene":
The idea is that if females choose physically attractive males, they will tend to get physically attractive sons, and therefore more grandchildren, because choosy females will prefer their attractive, "sexy" sons. The theory will function regardless of the physical or behavioral trait a female chooses, as long as it is heritable, because it is "possessing" the trait that makes males attractive, and not the qualities of the trait in itself. Thus, traits culturally perceived as negative can still be seen as desirable; for example, females who stay with or are attracted to males they know to be disloyal in a monogamous relationship. If this trait is passed to any male children, they are more likely to themselves be non-monogamous, have several mates and spread the female's genes to multiple grandchildren. The sexy son hypothesis is one of several possible explanations for the highly diverse and often astonishing ornaments of animals.
Once a preference becomes established, females choosing males with elaborate secondary sexual traits will produce sons that carry alleles for the trait and daughters that carry alleles for the preference,
generating genetic coupling that will drive self-reinforcing coevolution of both trait and preference, due to the mating advantage of males with the trait. Thus, the original viability benefits associated with the preference can be undermined by a Fisherian runaway sexy sons process. Similar models have been proposed for postcopulatory female preferences, such as the time at which females removed the male's sperm ampulla after mating. Sexual selection by direct and/or indirect benefits as well as sexual conflict determine the evolution of animal mating systems. 
In its original context, the "narrow-sense sexy son hypothesis" of Weatherhead and Robertson refers to mating systems with care from both parents. In these mating systems, females that mate with a polygynous male normally receive less assistance than females mated with a monogamous male, and thus suffer from direct fitness consequences that have to be (at least) compensated for by the breeding successes of their sexy sons. On the other hand, a "broad-sense sexy son hypothesis" encompasses both polygyny and promiscuous mating systems, with and without care from both parents. Alatalo (1998) argues that the costs of any additional choice may be so minor that female choice for honestly signaling males, that is good genes, may evolve even if the indirect benefits on offspring quality are small. A similar argument can be made for the sexy son hypothesis if mates of attractive males do not suffer any direct fitness consequences.
Sexual conflict.
Sexual conflict refers to the conflicting goals of breeding males and females. It describes the diverging interests of males and females in optimizing their fitness. From the viewpoint of any one partner, the best outcome would be for the partner's mate to care for the young, thus freeing up his or her own resources (e.g., time and energy) that s/he—but typically he—can invest in further sex that may create additional offspring. In polygynous mating systems, sexual conflict means the optimization of male reproductive success by having mated with multiple females, even though the reproductive success of a polygynously mated female is thereby reduced.Such can be the case for the Guianan Cock-of-the-rocks, whose male members spend a majority of their time and energy into maintaining their plumage and attempting to seek the most matings. Females on the other hand, spend their time building and maintaining their nest where they will lay their eggs and raise the young.
Good genes theory.
"Good genes" theory proposes that females select males seen to have genetic advantages that increase offspring quality. Increased viability of offspring provides compensation for any lower reproductive success that results from their being "picky". The good-gene hypothesis for polyandry proposes that when females encounter better males than their previous mates, they re-mate in order to fertilize their eggs with the better male's sperm. 
Significant sire effects on egg to adult viability and son’s pre-productive survival, as well as moderate to high coefficients of additive genetic variation for these traits have been found in Dung Beetles. Beetles who have selected mates with better genetics tend to have offspring that survive longer and are more able to reproduce than those that do not pick mates with genetic quality. This suggests that carefully choosing a mate is beneficial.
Another study notes that Pronghorn females engage in an obvious and energetically expensive mate sampling process to identify vigorous males. Though each female selects independently, the outcome is that a small proportion of the herd's males sire most young. Offspring of attractive males were more likely to survive to weaning and to age classes as late as 5 years, apparently due to faster growth rates. Because pronghorn males do not have costly ornaments, the authors conclude that female choice for good genes can exist in the absence of obvious sexual selection cues such as elaborate antlers.
The sexy son hypothesis is closely related to the good genes assumption and the Fisherian runaway selection process. Like good genes, the sexy son hypothesis assumes the existence of indirect genetic benefits that are able to compensate any inferior direct reproductive success (i.e., fewer offspring). The main difference between good genes and the sexy son hypothesis is that the latter assumes an indirect effect due to the attractiveness of the sons, whereas good genes focus on the viability of both sons and daughters. However, "attractiveness" is not narrowly defined, and can refer to every trait that increases a male's probability to become polygynous.
Sperm models.
‘‘Good-sperm’’ models predict positive genetic associations between a male’s sperm competitiveness and the general viability of his offspring, whereas ‘‘sexy-sperm’’ models predict that multiple mating females produce sons successful in sperm competition, and daughters that incite sperm competition through multiple mating. As with precopulatory processes, postcopulatory models predict that the trait in males that determines fertilization success will become genetically coupled with the mechanism by which females bias sperm use toward preferred males.
Human sexual behavior.
The sexy son hypothesis has also been put forward as the origin of some aspects of human sexual behavior. In particular, it has been shown that human females are more attracted to men of higher physical attractiveness, and to men whose physical features are indicative of a higher exposure to testosterone during key developmental periods, during the most fertile times of their menstrual cycles, and more attracted to relatively feminine men ("dads") during the remainder of the cycle. However, the methodology of these claims is disputed. These observations have led to the conclusion that infidelity is a natural occurrence in females, and evolutionarily advantageous, on the grounds that it will enable them to secure both the best genes and the best caregiver for their offspring.

</doc>
<doc id="9685734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685734" title="Joe Morris (songwriter)">
Joe Morris (songwriter)

Joseph Morris was born in Palapye, Botswana in 1966. His interest in music started early, playing the drums by the age of 8, later on guitar at 12, subsequently keyboards and piano at 14. He currently owns a home recording studio (Drum Boy Recording Studio) and has produced as many as 30 albums. One of his highlights was the release of the hit song "Ditlhopho Di Tsile" in 2004, a self-produced and performed song commissioned by Botswana's Independent Electoral Commission to advertise national elections in a bid to reduce voter apathy. An earlier hit was "Ntsha Nkgo" with Kast, a Hip Hop/Folk song released in 2003.
He has played a role in nurturing Botswana's infantile record industry, with noticeable work in not only his own productions but also with people like Socca Moruakgomo and the "Khalahari" afro jazz album, the birth of the pop group Davet Crew and Kast to name a few.

</doc>
<doc id="9685744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685744" title="2006 Arctic Winter Games">
2006 Arctic Winter Games

Approximately 2,000 athletes, coaches, team staff and officials participated in the 2006 Arctic Winter Games on the Kenai Peninsula, Alaska in the United States. The 2006 games took place from March 5 through March 11. Events were held mostly in the larger towns of Soldotna and Kenai, along with Homer (curling) and the Alyeska Ski Resort in Girdwood (alpine skiing and snowboarding.) Soldotna, Kenai, Homer, and the town of Seward also hosted cultural events. This was the fifth time Alaska had hosted the games.
Participants.
The 2008 Arctic Winter Games were held in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories.
Events.
Competition was held in alpine skiing, badminton, basketball, biathlon, cross-country skiing, curling, Dene games (see Dene), dog mushing, figure skating, gymnastics, ice hockey, indoor soccer, Inuit games (see Inuit), short track speed skating, snowboarding, snowshoe biathlon, snowshoeing (see Snowshoe), speed skating, table tennis, volleyball, and wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="9685761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685761" title="Dave Maggard">
Dave Maggard

Dave Maggard (born January 12, 1940) is an American former Olympian and university athletic director. 
Maggard, who grew up in San Francisco and Turlock, California, graduated from University of California-Berkeley. He is a former member of the U.S. National Track Team and secured a spot for the 1968 Summer Olympics during the 1968 Olympic Trials.
Maggard served as head track coach at Sunset High School in Hayward, California from 1964 to 1966, athletic director at the University of California, Berkeley from 1972 to 1991, the University of Miami from 1991 to 1993, and the University of Houston from 2002 to 2009. He was Managing Director of Sports for the Atlanta Committee for the 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9685767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685767" title="1996 US Open – Men's Singles">
1996 US Open – Men's Singles

Pete Sampras defeated Michael Chang 6–1, 6–4, 7–6(7–3) in the final to win the Men's Singles tennis title at the 1996 US Open.
The 1996 US Open men's singles draw had a highly controversial seeding dispute. There were accusations of American favouritism as world number 3, Michael Chang, and world number 8, Andre Agassi, were seeded above their world ranking at numbers 2 and 6 respectively. Other players seeded above their world ranking included world number 6, Goran Ivanišević, being seeded at number 4 and Richard Krajicek, the world number 7, being seeded at number 5.
Some other players were seeded below their world ranking, including world number 2, Thomas Muster, who was seeded at number 3, Boris Becker, the world number 5, seeded at number 6, and Yevgeny Kafelnikov, the world number 4, seeded at number 7. Becker pulled out of the tournament with an injury and Kafelnikov was so angry at his seeding demotion that he withdrew from the tournament in protest and flew home to Russia.
Seeds.
The seeded players are listed below. Pete Sampras is the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="9685774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685774" title="Azartash Azarnoush">
Azartash Azarnoush

Azartash Azarnoush (, born 1937) is a linguist and scholar of Iran.
Born in 1937 in Qom, he holds two Ph.D degrees from France. He specializes in Arabic literature.
He is a faculty at Imam Sadeq University and Tarbiat Modarres University and has been director of the Arabic department of The Center for the Great Islamic Encyclopedia in Tehran since 1986 [http://www.cgie.org.ir/en/Section_ArabLiterature.html], and has published over 200 articles in the field of Arabic literature, as well as a few dozen books.
Among his books and publications, one can mention:

</doc>
<doc id="9685803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685803" title="Phrao District">
Phrao District

Phrao () is a district ("amphoe") in the northeastern part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
History.
The name "Phrao" was given to this city around 1281 by King Mangrai of Lan Na kingdom who has been on the way to invade Hariphunchai Kingdom. After this, Mangrai sent his third son, Khrua to rule Phrao. Hereafter, Phrao become one of important city of Lan Na kingdom.
King Tilokarat, who is considered a god-king of Lan Na, once have ruled this city before becoming a king.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Doi Saket, Mae Taeng, Chiang Dao, Chai Prakan of Chiang Mai Province, Mae Suai and Wiang Pa Pao of Chiang Rai Province.
The Khun Tan Range stretches from north to south along the eastern side of the district.
Tourist Sites.
Phrao has numerous hidden gems that have been untouched by mainstream tourism. It has several waterfalls and Wats that are nestled into the hills. Monks will give you personalized tours of their Wat and will usually present foreigners with small trinkets or fruit before leaving. The mountains are also home to Hill Tribes of Akkha, Lisou and Karen peoples.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 108 villages ("muban"). Wiang Phrao is a township ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of "tambon" Wiang and the whole Thung Luang. There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9685822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685822" title="2004 ICC Awards">
2004 ICC Awards

2004 ICC Awards were held at Alexandra Palace, London on 7 September 2004. The 2004 ICC Awards were the inaugural episode and was aimed at recognizing the best individual and team performances of the previous year.
Winners.
Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy (ICC Player of the Year).
Winner: Rahul Dravid(India)

</doc>
<doc id="9685835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685835" title="Bunny McBride">
Bunny McBride

Carol Ann (Bunny) McBride is an American writer, author of a wide range of nonfiction books on subjects ranging from cultural survival and wildlife conservation to Native American themes. Her most recent ethnohistory book is "Indians in Eden: Wabanakis and Rusticators on Maine's Mt.Desert Island" (Down East Books, 2009). Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, she regularly published her poetry and essays in the "Christian Science Monitor", and reported on her travels in China, West Africa, East Africa, and northern Europe. Her articles appeared in various US newspapers and magazines, including the "Washington Post", "Boston Globe", "Chicago Tribune," "International Wildlife", "Travel & Leisure", "Sierra", "Yankee Magazine," "Downeast," and "Reader's Digest." From 1981 onwards, she was also actively involved in oral history and community development projects with Micmac Indians in Maine.
An award-winning author, Bunny has taught ethnographic writing and organized creative writing workshops. In 1999, she received an official commendation from the Maine State Legislature in recognition of the "tremendous contribution" made in her writings about Maine Indian women, in particular Penobscot dancer Molly Spotted Elk. The Maine Historical Society selected this acclaimed biography as one of the one hundred most "notable" books written in or about Maine (2000).
A frequent visiting professor in cultural anthropology at Principia College, Elsah, Illinois (1981–1992) and the Salt Center for Documentary Field Studies, Portland, Maine (1995), Bunny has curated several museum exhibits in Maine. She serves on a number of boards, including the Women’s World Summit Foundation, based in Geneva, Switzerland (2003- ). An adjunct lecturer of cultural anthropology at Kansas State University, she now lives in the Flint Hills of Kansas with her husband, Dutch anthropologist Harald E.L. Prins. They have completed a co-authored study on the indigenous cultural history of Mount Desert Island, as well as the book "Indians in Eden," and are collaborating on a life history of a Penobscot Indian combat veteran of World War II and the Korean War, as well as other books, articles, and museum exhibits.
McBride was born in Washington, D.C., on 9 April 1950. She is the daughter of retired CBS Executive and NBC anchor Robert J. McBride and Cynthia Martin. Having majored in art and English literature at Michigan State University (BA 1972), McBride continued her graduate studies in art (painting and sculpture) at Boston University, and completed a Masters in cultural anthropology at Columbia University (1980).

</doc>
<doc id="9685856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685856" title="Inotuzumab ozogamicin">
Inotuzumab ozogamicin

Inotuzumab ozogamicin (CMC-544) is an antibody-drug conjugate for the treatment of cancers. It consists of the humanized monoclonal antibody inotuzumab (for CD22), linked to a cytotoxic agent from the class of calicheamicins (which is reflected by 'ozogamicin' in the drug's name).
This drug was developed by Wyeth.
It is undergoing numerous clinical trials, including two phase II trials for Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). 
A phase III trial for NHL has been terminated due to 'poor enrollment'.

</doc>
<doc id="9685863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685863" title="1997 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles">
1997 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles

Richard Krajicek was the defending champion, but he was defeated by home player Tim Henman in the fourth round.
Pete Sampras won the title, defeating Frenchman Cédric Pioline in the final, 6–4, 6–2, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="9685866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685866" title="Neil Crompton">
Neil Crompton

Neil Crompton (born 30 July 1960) is a well-known V8 Supercars presenter and commentator for Australia's Channel Seven, having previously worked in a similar role at Network Ten. Crompton ("Cromley" or "Crompo" to his friends and colleagues) has more than 15 years of professional racing car driving under his belt which allows him to "speak from experience" when commentating.
Racing career.
Highlights.
According to the official V8 Supercars website, Crompton has competed in 357 various motor racing events, finishing in the first three places on 58 occasions. 230 of those races were with events counting towards the Australian Touring Car Championship (nowadays promoted as the V8Supercar Championship Series), including three second places and ten thirds.
He has raced at the famous Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst, New South Wales on more than 20 occasions dating back to his 1988 debut with Peter Brock's Mobil BMW Team. His best results being two third placings in the crash shortened 1992 race with Swede Anders Olofsson in a Gibson Motor Sport Nissan GT-R and in 1995 with 1987 500cc Grand Prix Motorcycle World Champion Wayne Gardner in a Wayne Gardner Racing Holden Commodore in addition to winning the 1994 12 Hour endurance race with Gregg Hansford in a factory supported Mazda RX-7.
Early years.
Crompton started racing in 1972 at age eleven on a Honda minibike before graduating to motocross where he had some success.
In 1985 he moved to racing cars and has raced in various, mostly sedan-based categories, starting in a series production specification Mitsubishi Cordia. Racing categories that he has contested include V8 Supercars, Super Touring Cars, and Group A Touring Cars, as well as the open-wheel categories of Formula Holden and Formula 3000.
Crompton's first big break in motor sport came when he was selected by Peter Brock as a driver in the Holden Dealer Team's second Group A VL Commodore for the long distance races in late 1987. This included drives in the 1987 Castrol 500 at Sandown where he and Formula 2 ace Jon Crooke finished a creditable 4th, and later at the Bob Jane T-Marts 500 at Calder Park which was Round 9 of the 1987 World Touring Car Championship. He was to have made his Bathurst 1000 debut in 1987 but was one race short of gaining the appropriate FIA licence needed. In a cruel twist, the #10 Commodore he was to have driven would go on to win the race in the hands of Brock, David Parsons, and his replacement for the race, Peter McLeod.
Crompton remained with Brock's Mobil sponsored team for 1988, though by that time they had switched to running BMW M3's. He made his Australian Touring Car Championship debut that year, driving the third of the team's cars to 8th in Round 8 at Amaroo Park, and 11th in the final round at Oran Park. After a promising start to the endurance races with where he and David Parsons finished 4th in the Pepsi 250 at Oran Park (won by Brock and Jim Richards), he failed to finish at both Sandown and Bathurst.
In 1989 Crompton joined the Holden Racing Team, staying with them until the end of 1991. He also started racing Formula Holden in 1989, finishing third in the Australian Drivers' Championship and fifteenth in 1990. Although he did not have a regular ATCC seat with HRT, he co-drove the team's second Commodore in both years, though results were not forthcoming.
Also in 1991, Crompton drove a 6 cyl Holden VN Commodore S with Peter Brock and motoring journalist/race driver Peter McKay to win Class C and finish 4th outright in the inaugural Bathurst 12 Hour.
Crompton returned to the Brock team for the first half of the 1992 ATCC, with a best finish of 7th in Round 3 at Symmons Plains. With the team short of funds, Crompton left the team mid-season and returned to the Seven commentary booth, though he did drive in the final round of the 1992 Australian Drivers' Championship. He then joined Gibson Motor Sport for the 1992 Tooheys 1000 in the team's second Nissan GT-R. In a race marred by heavy rain, accidents, and the death of Formula One World Champion Denny Hulme from a heart attack, Crompton and Sweden's Anders Olofsson finished 3rd in the crash shortened race, with Crompton giving the unruly crowd the finger from the podium on national television.
In 1993, Crompton ran the 1993 ATCC in a Holden VP Commodore for Bob Forbes Racing. His first full ATCC ended with a disappointing 13th place finish in the standings. In 1994 he joined 1987 500cc Grand Prix World Champion Wayne Gardner in Gardner's newly established Wayne Gardner Racing.
In 1997 Crompton headed to the US to compete in the new North American Touring Car Championship in a Honda Accord run by the Tasman Motorsports team. Crompton was quickly on the pace, and won several races and was in contention for the championship, before a disqualification (which he still disputes) precluded him from winning the title. Crompton also tested one of Tasman's Champ Cars at Gingerman Raceway.
Later years.
In 1998 Crompton started with Glenn Seton Racing, continuing with the team in its new identity as Ford Tickford Racing in 1999. He then moved to Gibson Motor Sport, later renamed 00 Motorsport, in 2001 where he was teamed with Craig Lowndes before leaving at the end of the 2002 season.
Despite being a full-time television commentator, Crompton continues to compete in races when he can, particularly endurance races. Most recently he finished 17th in the 2009 Bathurst 12 Hour race, completing 222 laps (1,379 km / 857 miles) driving a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X with Glenn Seton. Crompton occasionally competes in the Aussie Racing Cars series and has also competed in the Australian Rally Championship.
Crompton also works on the organisational side of V8 Supercar contributing to TEGA's Parity Board, which works to ensure that neither of the competing marques gains a significant advantage over the other.
Media career.
Crompton started commentating at motorcross events for Network Ten, then known as the 0/10 Network. He then worked for the ABC from around 1980 until the end of 1984, commentating on motorsport events such as the Australian Touring Car Championship (ATCC) plus various other motorsport events that the network covered such as the Sandown 500. In 1985 when the ATCC rights moved to Channel Seven, Crompton also moved across to Seven, replacing Evan Green and joining the network's motorsport regulars Mike Raymond & Garry Wilkinson in the commentary box. He would stay with the network in a gradually decreasing capacity until the end of 1995, his latter years there including regular segments on the TV program "The Great Outdoors". During this time he also had segments on the Triple M radio network.
In 1996 he returned to Network Ten to be their "motorsport expert" for their coverage of the CART Series & Australian Super Touring Championship for which they had just gained the broadcasting rights, and which would also end up including Formula One. Crompton was a regular presenter of Ten's popular motoring magazine program, "RPM", and after his racing career wound down at the end of 2002 until the end of 2006, he was the expert commentator on Ten's coverage of the V8 Supercars (after being lead commentator throughout 2001 when he only drove in endurance races).
When the Seven Network bought the television broadcasting rights for the V8 Supercars for 2007 onwards, Crompton, along with a majority of the production team, moved to Seven. Crompton's detailed technical knowledge, combined with his racing and commentating experience, ensures that he is considered an extremely valuable part of the Seven Network's coverage of the series.
Crompton also co-hosted the popular web show "The Panelbeaters" with longtime friend Brad Jones. The show ran every Friday evening before a V8 Supercar meeting, and the Wednesday after. The show began as a radio programme in 2003 on Victorian station SEN 1116, before being taken on by Telstra Bigpond, and made into a video web show. The program was axed after the 2008 season.
After a short time off the radio waves, Crompton returned to broadcasting on radio this time with former Australian V8 Supercar champion Mark Skaife on "The Stick Shift", a motoring based show broadcast on the Triple M Network on Saturday mornings.
Personal life.
Crompton married longtime partner Sarah Mathewson in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9685867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685867" title="1997 US Open – Men's Singles">
1997 US Open – Men's Singles

Pete Sampras was the two-time defending champion, but he was upset in the fourth round by Petr Korda.
Patrick Rafter won the title, defeating unseeded Greg Rusedski in the final, 6–3, 6–2, 4–6, 7–5.

</doc>
<doc id="9685873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685873" title="Lintuzumab">
Lintuzumab

Lintuzumab (SGN-33) is a humanized monoclonal antibody used in the treatment of cancer. The drug had been developed by Seattle Genetics as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia (AML), a condition which results in the deaths of 9,000 people a year in the United States. Lintuzumab targets the CD33 protein, which is expressed in AML and other myeloproliferative diseases, but does not appear in abundance on normal cells.
Trials for AML were abandoned in 2010 when a phase IIb trial failed to show increased survival.
As of 2010, Seattle Genetics was conducting Phase II trials of lintuzumab in conjunction with bortezomib (marketed as Velcade) as a treatment for those with myelodysplastic syndromes.
History of AML trials.
Lintuzumab had been in mid-stage clinical trial when the manufacturer pulled the drug in September 2010 after evidence showed that it did not lead to higher survival rates. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency had granted lintuzumab orphan drug status for treatment of AML and myelodysplastic syndromes.
Seattle Genetics had licensed lintuzumab from PDL BioPharma, which had been unsuccessful in treating AML in clinical trials of its own in which they used lower doses. Lintuzumab would have been the first medication on the market for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia, a condition that strikes 12,000 Americans each year, in which the body produces excessive numbers of abnormal white blood cells that accumulate in bone marrow and interfere with the production of normal blood cells. AML is the most common form of acute leukemia affecting adults, and its incidence increases with age. More than half of those afflicted with AML are elderly and are unable to withstand the traditional chemotherapy approach.
The Phase IIb randomized, double-blind clinical trial studied 211 individuals ages 60 and over who had been enrolled by February 2009 and who were poor candidates for high-dose chemotherapy or had made the choice to reject the traditional chemotherapy treatment. The study participants typically had a projected four to five months to live, with half treated with lintuzumab and a low dose of the chemotheraputic agent cytarabine, while the other half were given cytarabine in combination with a placebo. No patients were harmed in the trial and patients in both groups lived longer than expected, with those being given lintuzumab having a lower death rate. However, the study found that there was no benefit to patients on a statistical basis, and that it did not reduce the risk of infection or the need for blood transfusions.
Competition.
Gemtuzumab ozogamicin (marketed as Mylotarg), a similar drug from Pfizer that also targets the CD33 protein on leukemic cells, was withdrawn from the market in June 2010 after trials showed little benefit to patients. 
Clofarabine, a treatment for AML marketed by Genzyme as Clolar that targets a different treatment approach, failed to get approval from the FDA in October 2009, which said that additional trials were needed.

</doc>
<doc id="9685892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685892" title="Matuzumab">
Matuzumab

Matuzumab (formerly EMD 72000) is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of cancer. It binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) with high affinity. The mouse monoclonal antibody (mAb425) from which matuzumab was derived was developed at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
Produced and developed by Merck Serono in cooperation with Takeda Pharmaceutical, it has undergone phase II clinical trials for the treatment of colorectal, lung, esophageal and stomach cancer early in the 2000s. In August 2007, Merck Serono announced that the preliminary results of the colorectal cancer study were less than promising, and that further trials for treating this type of cancer may be abandoned. In February 2008, the development was halted because of disappointing study results.
Mechanism of action.
Matuzumab binds to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) on the outer membrane of normal and tumor cells. The matuzumab epitope has been mapped to domain III of the extracellular domain of the EGFR. The EGFR is receptor tyrosine kinase which binds multiple growth factors including EGF (epidermal growth factor) and other members of the EGF family of growth factors, resulting in activation of its tyrosine kinase activity. Activation of the EGFR has diverse effects on target cells depending on cell type and tissue context. It directs cell fate decision relating to cell growth, survival and, differentiation. Development of matuzumab and other antibodies to the EGFR (for example cetuximab) as cancer therapeutics was motivated by observations that EGFR expression and/or signaling is frequently upregulated in cancer cells.
Preclinical and Clinical testing.
After determining the pharmacokinetic characteristics in a phase I study, several phase II studies investigating the treatment of advanced stomach carcinoma were conducted.
At the conference of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in May 2005, the following results from clinical phase II studies with matuzumab were presented:
Advanced non-smallcellular lung carcinoma.
Mutations in the kinase domain of the EGFR are observed with approximately 2 to 25% of non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients. Some studies have shown a negative correlation between the effectiveness of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors and such mutations. The effect of matuzumab (in combination with paclitaxel) does not seem to be dependent on these mutations.
Advanced adenocarcinomas of stomach and esophagus.
Results of two studies regarding adenocarcinomas have shown matuzumab to be well tolerated in combination with two standard chemotherapies – cisplatin, 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin (PFL) as well as epirubicin, cisplatin and capecitabine (ECX) – as a first line therapy. Rates of response were up to 53% with a combination of matuzumab and ECX.
On August 27, 2007 Merck announced that matuzumab will not be used for intestinal cancer due to negative results in phase II studies.
Discontinuation of development.
No further clinical trials have been conducted since the phase I trial in 2007. On February 18, 2008, Takeda and Merck announced that they would no longer pursue the development of the drug.

</doc>
<doc id="9685901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685901" title="Doi Saket District">
Doi Saket District

Doi Saket (; ) is a district ("amphoe") in the eastern part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
History.
The district was established in 1902.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Mae On, San Kamphaeng, San Sai, Mae Taeng, Phrao of Chiang Mai Province, Wiang Pa Pao of Chiang Rai Province and Mueang Pan of Lampang Province.
The district is named after 1,816 m high Doi Saket (ดอยสะเก็ด), a mountain of the Khun Tan Range located in the eastern side of the district.
Life Style.
The district is predominantly a rural farming area, containing a mixture of rice fields on the valley floor to orchard and other farming on the hillsides. The village proper is located a 30 minute drive east from Tha Pae Gate in Chiang Mai. It has some service providers for businesses in the neighboring city, such as a commercial laundry for Chiang Mai's hotels and a concrete production facility. However, the town's economic focus is still agricultural, and the city boasts a large produce market. The village is most famous with Thai tourists for its beautiful, modern-style wall murals inside of Wat Doi Saket.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 14 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 110 villages ("muban"). Doi Saket is a township ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of "tambon" Choeng Doi and Luang Nuea. There are further 13 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9685912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685912" title="Nimotuzumab">
Nimotuzumab

Nimotuzumab (h-R3, BIOMAb EGFR, Biocon, India; TheraCIM, CIMYM Biosciences, Canada; Theraloc, Oncoscience, Europe, CIMAher, Center of Molecular Immunology, Havana, Cuba) is a humanized monoclonal antibody that as of 2014 had orphan status in the US and EU for glioma, and marketing approval in India, China, and other countries for squamous cell carcinomas of the head and neck, and was undergoing several clinical trials. 
Like cetuximab, nimotuzumab binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), a signalling protein that normally controls cell division. In some cancers, this receptor is altered to cause uncontrolled cell division, a hallmark of cancer. These monoclonal antibodies block EGFR and stop the uncontrolled cell division. 
It has a chimeric human-mouse h-R3 heavy chain and a human-mouse h-R3 κ-chain.
Mechanism.
Nimotuzumab binds with optimal affinity and high specificity to the extracellular region of EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor). This results in a blockade of ligand binding and receptor activation. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a key target in the development of cancer therapeutics. EGFR-targeting drugs have been shown to improve response when used with conventional treatments such as radiation therapy and chemotherapy.
Development status.
It was developed at the Center of molecular immunology (CIM) in Havana, Cuba. CIM's commercialization, arm, CIMAB S.A. formed a joint venture with YM Biosciences called CIMYM BioSciences in 1995 that was 80% owned by YM and 20% owned by CIMAB. 
CIMYM BioSciences licensed European rights to nimotuzumab to Oncoscience AG in 2003, the South Korean rights to Kuhnil Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. in 2005, and in 2006, licensed the Japanese rights to Sankyo] and rights to certain countries in Asia and Africa to Innogene Kalbiotech Pte Ltd. Other licensees for nimotuzumab include Biocon BioPharmaceuticals Ltd. (BBPL) in India, Biotech Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. in China, Delta Laboratories in Colombia, European Chemicals SAC – Corporación Infarmasa SA in Peru, Eurofarma Laboratorios Ltda. in Brazil, Ferozsons Labs in Pakistan, Laboratorio Elea S.A.C.I.F.yA. in Argentina, EL KENDI Pharmaceutical in Algeria and Laboratorios PiSA in Mexico.
In December 2012, CIMYM BioSciences dissolved and sold its assets related to nimotuzumab to InnoKeys PTE Ltd.
According to a 2009 review: "Nimotuzumab was approved for the following indications—For squamous cell carcinoma in head and neck (SCCHN) in India, Cuba, Argentina, Colombia, Ivory Coast, Gabon, Ukraine, Peru and Sri Lanka; for glioma (pediatric and adult) in Cuba, Argentina, Philippines and Ukraine; for nasopharyngeal cancer in China. It has been granted orphan drug status for glioma in USA and for glioma and pancreatic cancer in Europe."
As of 2014 Nimotuzumab was in additional Phase I and II clinical trials.
In April 2014, Daiichi Sankyo announced that it was halting a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III study investigating nimotuzumab for first-line therapy in patients with unresectable and locally advanced squamous cell lung cancer, due to safety issues in certain patients who received a combination of cisplatin, vinorelbine, radiotherapy, and nimotuzumab.
Safety.
The toxicity and safety of nimotuzumab have been assessed in several pre-clinical and clinical studies wherein it was noticed that side effects usually caused by EGFR inhibitors, especially rashes and other skin toxicities, were negligible. Scientists have hypothesized that this is because nimotuzumab binds only to cells that express moderate to high EGFR levels.
Nimotuzumab has been found to be very well tolerated in clinical trials. Common adverse reactions seen in patients treated with nimotuzumab include:

</doc>
<doc id="9685939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685939" title="Sibrotuzumab">
Sibrotuzumab

Sibrotuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody intended for the treatment of cancer. It binds to FAP
In 2003 it failed a phase II clinical trial for metastatic colorectal cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9685967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685967" title="1998 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles">
1998 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion, and he successfully defended his title, defeating Goran Ivanišević, 6–7(2–7), 7–6(11–9), 6–4, 3–6, 6–2, in the final. With this win, Sampras equalled Björn Borg's record of five Wimbledon titles.

</doc>
<doc id="9685972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685972" title="1998 US Open – Men's Singles">
1998 US Open – Men's Singles

Patrick Rafter was the defending champion, and he successfully defended his title, defeating compatriot Mark Philippoussis in the final, 6–3, 3–6, 6–2, 6–0.

</doc>
<doc id="9685978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9685978" title="Yttrium (90Y) tacatuzumab tetraxetan">
Yttrium (90Y) tacatuzumab tetraxetan

Yttrium (90Y) tacatuzumab tetraxetan (trade name AFP-Cide) is a humanized monoclonal antibody intended for the treatment of cancer. The antibody itself, tacatuzumab, is conjugated with tetraxetan, a chelator for yttrium-90, a radioisotope which destroys the tumour cells.

</doc>
<doc id="9686003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686003" title="Just as I Am (Yolanda Adams album)">
Just as I Am (Yolanda Adams album)

Just as I Am is the debut album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams, released on the Sound of Gospel label and produced by Thomas Whitfield who also worked with singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong on early 1980s gospel releases. Though original pressings of the vinyl and cassette release are difficult to find, the album has since been re-released on CD along with another catalog album from Sound of Gospel by Wanda Nero Butler entitled "New Born Soul".
Personnel.
Produced by Thomas Whitfield and Lanar Brantley
Executive Producer: Armen Boladian
Thomas Whitfield — keyboards, Baldwin & Yamaha pianos; string and synthesizer arrangements and overdubs; all vocal and instrumental arrangements
Earl J. Wright — synthesizer overdubs; string arrangements programming
Lanar Brantley — bass guitar; instrumental arrangements; exclusive drum programming and arrangements
Jonathan DuBose — lead & rhythm guitars; bass section on "Deliverance"
Larry Fratangelo — percussions exclusively
Raphael Merriweather Jr. — percussion overdubs
Walter L. Stevenson Jr. — vocal overdubs and tambourine on "Deliverance" (See YouTube page for artist's artistic portfolio)
"Singers" — Sandy Hudson, Michael Fletcher, Doretha Carter, Renee Thomas, Larry D. Edwards, Juliette Cooper, Gwen Morton, Ron Kelley, Valerie Hancox, Larry McMurtry, Thomas Whitfield

</doc>
<doc id="9686011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686011" title="Hot District">
Hot District

Hot () is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mae Chaem, Chom Thong of Chiang Mai Province, Ban Hong, Li of Lamphun Province, Doi Tao, Omkoi of Chiang Mai Province again, Sop Moei and Mae Sariang of Mae Hong Son Province.
The canyon of Op Luang National Park is located in Hot District.
History.
In 1905 the district Muet Ka was abolished and split into the district Mueang Hot and the minor district Mueang Hot. In 1917 the district was renamed to Hot.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 60 villages ("muban"). There are two subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon") - Tha Kham and Hang Dong, both covering parts of "tambon" Hang Don. There are further 6 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9686026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686026" title="Tadocizumab">
Tadocizumab

Tadocizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that acts on the cardiovascular system. It binds to integrin αIIbβ3, a fibrinogen and fibronectin receptor found on platelets.
The drug is designed for the treatment of patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. It was developed by Yamanōchi Pharma America, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9686038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686038" title="Tefibazumab">
Tefibazumab

Tefibazumab (named Aurexis but not approved) is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of severe infections with "Staphylococcus aureus". Possible indications include the treatment of "S. aureus" in a phase 2a patients with cystic fibrosis and of methicillin-resistant "S. aureus".
It was developed by Inhibitex.

</doc>
<doc id="9686056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686056" title="Altadore, Calgary">
Altadore, Calgary

Altadore is a residential neighbourhood in the inner-city portion of the southwest quadrant of Calgary, Alberta. It is located between 14 Street and Crowchild Trail, south of the neighbourhood of South Calgary. It is bordered by the Elbow River and the "River Park" to the southeast.
Altadore was named one of Calgary's best neighbourhoods in 2010 for its proximity to River Park, one of Calgary's best parks on the Elbow River, and Marda Loop, the largest and busiest outdoor shopping area in Calgary, and for having a vibrant party and cultural scene. The Marda Loop Business Revitalization Zone is located within the community, along 33 and 34 Avenues SW. The neighbourhood is experiencing a gentrification process with many high-end, luxury semi-detached homes built in the last ten years, favoured by trendy, young professionals and families.
Altadore was established in 1945. It is represented in the Calgary City Council by the Ward 11 councillor. The community has an area redevelopment plan in place.
The meaning of "Altadore" is unclear. It may have been named after a mansion in County Wicklow, Ireland, or it may have been a portmanteau word whose first part derived either from "Alta", the old abbreviation of Alberta, or "alta" for high (the neighbourhood being on a hill), and whose second part was derived from "dore", a version of the French "d'or", or "of gold".
Demographics.
In the City of Calgary's 2012 municipal census, Altadore had a population of living in dwellings, a 2.3% increase from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2012.
Residents in this community had a median household income of $53,786 in 2000, and there were 13.6% low income residents living in the neighbourhood. As of 2000, 11.9% of the residents were immigrants. A proportion of 37.2% of the buildings were condominiums or apartments, and 41.2% of the housing was used for renting.
Education.
Altadore contains two schools operated by the Calgary Board of Education. Altadore Elementary, on 16th Street S.W., serves students from kindergarten to Grade Six and was opened in 1952, while Dr. Oakley School, on 20th Street S.W., serves students with learning disabilities from Grades Three to Nine. The designated public junior high school is Mount Royal Junior High in the Mount Royal neighbourhood, and the designated public senior high school is Central Memorial High School.
There are no schools operated by the Calgary Catholic School District located in Altadore. Separate school students attend St. James Elementary and Junior High School and Bishop Carroll High School.
There are also a number of private schools in Altadore, including the Calgary Waldorf School and the Glenmore Christian Academy. The community was also once the home of I.L. Peretz School, a Jewish elementary school operated under the aegis of the Board of Education; after the school moved, the building eventually became the home of the Calgary Waldorf School before it was demolished in 2004 and replaced by a condominium complex. Dr. Oakley School was once an elementary and junior high school, but was repurposed in the early 1980s due to low attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="9686073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686073" title="Doi Tao District">
Doi Tao District

Doi Tao () is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Om Koi, Hot of Chiang Mai Province, Li of Lamphun Province and Sam Ngao of Tak Province.
The southern end of the Khun Tan Range reaches the eastern side of this district.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was established on October 16, 1972 by splitting off the four "tambon" Tha Duea, Doi Tao, Muet Ka and Ban Aen from Hot district. It was upgraded to a full district on March 25, 1979.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 42 villages ("muban"). Tha Duea is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Tha Duea and Mueat Ka. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9686079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686079" title="Old Louisiana State Capitol">
Old Louisiana State Capitol

The Louisiana's Old State Capitol is a building in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States that housed the Louisiana State Legislature from the mid-19th century until the current capitol tower building was constructed in 1929. 
It is built both to look like and function like a castle and has led some locals to call it the Louisiana Castle, the Castle of Baton Rouge, the Castle on the River or the Museum of Political History, though most people just call it the old capitol building. When someone says "Old State Capitol" in Louisiana they are probably talking about this building and not the two towns that were formerly the capital city: New Orleans and Donaldsonville.
History.
In 1846, the Louisiana Legislature in New Orleans decided to move the seat of government to Baton Rouge. As in many states, representatives from other parts of Louisiana feared a concentration of power in the state's largest city. In 1840, New Orleans' population was around 102,000, fourth largest in the U.S. The 1840 population of Baton Rouge, on the other hand, was only 2,269. 
On September 21, 1847, the City of Baton Rouge donated to the state of Louisiana a $20,000 parcel of land for a state capitol building, taking the seat of the capitol away from the City of New Orleans. The land donated by the city for the capitol building stands high atop a Baton Rouge bluff facing the Mississippi River, a site that some believe was once marked by the red pole, or "le baton rouge," which French explorers claimed designated a Native American council meeting site. The state house itself is one of the most distinguished examples of Gothic Revival architecture in the United States. 
New York architect James Dakin was hired to design the new Capitol building in Baton Rouge, and rather than mimic the federal Capitol Building in Washington, as so many other states had done, he conceived a Neo-Gothic medieval castle overlooking the Mississippi, complete with turrets and crenellations. Dakin referred to his design as "Castellated Gothic" due to its decoration with cast-iron, which was both cheaper and more durable than other building materials used at the time. In 1859, the Capitol was featured and favorably described in "DeBow's Review", the most prestigious periodical in the antebellum South. Mark Twain, however, as a steamboat pilot in the 1850s, loathed the sight of it, "It is pathetic ... that a whitewashed castle, with turrets and things ... should ever have been built in this otherwise honorable place."
In 1862, during the Civil War, Union Admiral David Farragut captured New Orleans and the seat of government retreated from Baton Rouge. The Union troops first used the "old gray castle," as it was once described, as a prison and then as a garrison for African-American troops under General Culver Grover. While used as a garrison the Old State Capitol caught fire twice. This, in turn, transformed the building into an empty, gutted shell abandoned by the Union troops. By 1882 the state house was totally reconstructed by architect and engineer William A. Freret, who is credited with the installation of the spiral staircase and stained glass dome, which are the focal points of the interior. The refurbished state house remained in use until 1932, when it was abandoned for the New Louisiana State Capitol building. The Old State Capitol has since been used to house federally chartered veteran's organizations, and the seat of the Works Progress Administration.
Museum of Political History.
Restored in the 1990s, the Old State Capitol is now the Museum of Political History. Most recently, the exterior façade has been refurbished with shades of tan stucco, in noticeable contrast to its former stone coloring. Numerous events are held there including an annual ball wherein the participants re-enact dances and traditions of French culture while wearing traditional 18th and 19th century dress. It is located in downtown Baton Rouge within walking distance to the new state capital tower and all of the many culturally significant buildings there. Some of these include the Old Louisiana Governor's Mansion, The Louisiana Arts and Science Museum, St. Joseph Cathedral, Baton Rouge and the newly built and widely acclaimed Shaw Center. 
In 2010, the visitor experience, designed by award winning experience designer Bob Rogers (designer) and the design team BRC Imagination Arts, reopened with many new immersive exhibits and attractions showcasing the unique Louisiana historic artifacts, history and the central artifact being the 150-year-old capitol building itself, a Gothic style architectural treasure. In addition to focusing on the political history of the state of Louisiana, the new interactive exhibits also include an interactive gallery featuring the past Governors of the state of Louisiana, including specific highlights on the accomplishments and controversies surrounding the infamous former Governor, Huey Long. The Huey Long exhibit is also the place where the gun that was used to kill Huey Long is stored on display. 
A new key attraction, “The Ghost of the Castle,” is a one-of-a-kind 4D immersive theatrical presentation, where visitors come face to face with the ghost of Sarah Morgan, an authentic Civil War-era figure who loved the castle from the day it was built, and wrote passionately about it in her published book, Sarah Morgan: The Civil War Diary of a Southern Woman. In the roughly 12-minute experience, Sarah’s ghost conjures the building’s remarkable trials through history, showcasing the determination of everyday Louisianans who have saved the castle time and time again. With floating images from the past surrounding the audience, this unique theater will amaze and delight visitors, deepening their interest in Louisiana history and causing them to personally identify with this historic building.
Admission is free and the building is wheelchair accessible. Museum hours are Tuesday through Saturday from 9 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. For more information, call 800-488-2968 or 225-342-0500.

</doc>
<doc id="9686083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686083" title="Tucotuzumab celmoleukin">
Tucotuzumab celmoleukin

Tucotuzumab celmoleukin is an anti-cancer drug. It is a fusion protein of a humanized monoclonal antibody (tucotuzumab) and an interleukin-2 (celmoleukin).
This drug was developed by EMD Pharmaceuticals.

</doc>
<doc id="9686084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686084" title="Hélder Ornelas">
Hélder Ornelas

Hélder Mendes Abreu Ornelas (born 6 May 1974 in Nova Lisboa, Angola) is a Portuguese long-distance runner.
He finished eighth in the long race at the 2001 World Cross Country Championships, fifteenth in the marathon at the 2006 European Athletics Championships and won the 2007 edition of Prague International Marathon. He also won the 2005 Milan Marathon

</doc>
<doc id="9686091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686091" title="Hina Kamimura">
Hina Kamimura


</doc>
<doc id="9686094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686094" title="Fear Itself (Batman novel)">
Fear Itself (Batman novel)

Batman: Fear Itself is a novel set in the universe of DC Comics superhero Batman by science fiction authors Michael Reaves and Steven-Elliot Altman. The novel is a tie-in with the film "Batman Begins" and features the Scarecrow. It takes place some time after "The Dark Knight" and the previous novel, "Batman: Inferno".

</doc>
<doc id="9686105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686105" title="The Experience (Yolanda Adams album)">
The Experience (Yolanda Adams album)

The Experience is a 2001 live album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. The album also includes a two covers of R. Kelly's "I Believe I Can Fly": one studio version featuring R&B vocalist Gerald Levert, and a live solo version. Both were released as singles. The album was nominated for and won a Grammy for Best Soul Gospel album the following year (the second win for Adams).

</doc>
<doc id="9686112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686112" title="Magong Airport">
Magong Airport

Magong Airport () is an airport in Magong City, Penghu County, Taiwan.
The airport began operations in 1977 with a 12-storey terminal and now rebuilt as a 3-storey terminal today.

</doc>
<doc id="9686149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686149" title="Mustapha El Ahmadi">
Mustapha El Ahmadi

Mustapha El Ahmadi (born 8 July 1968) is a French long-distance runner of Moroccan descent.
El Ahmadi was naturalized in November 1999. At the 2001 World Cross Country Championships he finished eleventh in the long race, while the French team of which he was a part won the silver medal in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9686182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686182" title="Omkoi District">
Omkoi District

Omkoi () is the southwesternmost district ("amphoe") of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Hot, Doi Tao of Chiang Mai Province, Sam Ngao, Mae Ramat Tha Song Yang of Tak Province and Sop Moei of Mae Hong Son Province.
The Thanon Thongchai Range dominates the landscape.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was established on April 19, 1929 as a subordinate of Hot district, consisting of the three subdistricts Omkoi, Yang Piang and Mae Tun. It was upgraded to a full district on July 23, 1958.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 95 villages ("muban"). Omkoi is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Omkoi. There are further 6 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9686200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686200" title="Rolicyclidine">
Rolicyclidine

Rolicyclidine (PCPy) is a dissociative anesthetic drug with hallucinogenic and sedative effects. It is similar in effects to phencyclidine but is slightly less potent and has less stimulant effects instead producing a sedative effect described as being somewhat similar to a barbiturate, but with additional PCP-like dissociative, anaesthetic and hallucinogenic effects. Due to its similarity in effects to PCP, PCPy was placed into the Schedule I list of illegal drugs in the 1970s, although it has never been widely abused and is now little known.

</doc>
<doc id="9686201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686201" title="Pingtung Airport">
Pingtung Airport

Pingtung Airport () are two airports in Pingtung, Taiwan . The two airports are under the control of the Civil Aeronautics Administration. Pingtung Airport was established on November 28, 1994 at the old art exhibition hall at the Pingtung Culture Centre. This northern terminal was designated the public airport terminal, while the south part became the Republic of China Air Force base.
With the completion of the new building on May 17, 2005, the airport relocated to the southern airfield. The airports plan is to eventually relocated back to the north facilities.
Military Operations.
Pingtung Airbase is home to 439th Combined Wing (439聯隊):
The 103rd Squadron flying C-119G/L transport were all retired 1997-1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9686210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686210" title="Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition">
Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition

The Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (CFSAN, pronounced sif'-san) is the branch of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) that regulates food, dietary supplements, and cosmetics .
Area of regulation.
"Food" within the context of FDA is a very broad term with some limitations. Products that contain meat are regulated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service, with the exception of seafood and some exotic meats. The regulation of eggs is similarly complicated by shared responsibilities between the two agencies.
Many other federal and state agencies have some overlapping or conflicting requirements for regulation of food products. For example, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulates levels of allowable contaminants in public drinking water, where the FDA regulates bottled water.
Regulation of food also includes food additives such as preservatives and artificial sweeteners. Controversies over preservatives were very important in the early days of the FDA, where volunteers participated in experimental meals with high doses of the chemicals to determine their toxicity. Levels of undesirable food additives, such as methyl mercury in canned tuna, are the responsibility of the FDA.
FDA maintains a list of additives that are used in food in the United States as well as a list of additives Generally Recognized as Safe (GRAS, pronounced grass). Products that contain ingredients that are not GRAS are usually dietary supplements (for example, many energy drinks contain stimulants which are not GRAS).
Food products may make health claims, such as the "Heart Healthy" labels on foods high in fiber. Each specific claim must be submitted and is based on the content of the food, it is not an approval of a specific product. Dietary supplements may make "structure or function" claims but cannot legally claim to cure or prevent disease unless they meet an approved health claim as a food product.
CFSAN is also responsible for food labeling, specifically the "Nutrition Facts" panel typically seen on packaged foods. Ingredient declarations are also required, and this is important for consumers with food allergies
Regulation of food includes evaluations of products which are used in food handling and storage, referred to as "food contact surfaces." Problems in this area include lead based glazes that are used to decorate ceramic dishes.
Definitions.
Before any product that classifies as a food/drug/cosmetic enters our markets, the FDA tests it to make sure it's not "harmful" to consumers. The FDA's mission to be the shield of consumers against dangerous and harmful Food, Drug, or Cosmetic products.
Here is the definition directly from "Section 1 . U.S.C. 301" of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 
History.
The Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition is a member of one of the six product oriented centers that seeks to carry out the mission of the FDA. The CFSAN contributes to a nationwide field force centered around the ideals and motives of the FDA, under delegated power from the FDA.
The Center regulates approximately $240 billion worth of domestic food while simultaneously regulating $15 billion worth of imported foods and $15 billion worth of cosmetics sold domestically. The center controls domestically with approximately 50,000 food establishments and 3,500 cosmetic firms. The services of the center are trained and enhanced by the FDA. 
Most of the power for the CFSAN stems from congressional power given to the FDA through Acts and Regulations. The power to enforce the Acts and Regulations is then delegated from the FDA to the CFSAN as well as the other 5 product oriented centers. The congressional power can be traced to various acts and regulations such as:
Structure and personnel.
Structure.
In 1992 the organization evaluated its structure and concluded that its 20 year old configuration was insufficient to provide proper service in current times. New legislative and budgetary obstacles also fueled the need for change. In response to all of this, the food program joined together its once disconnected scientific and regulatory policies. Rather than being a rigidly centralized organization they separated their various tasks and assigned each to a designated office. Strategic managers assigned issues facing multiple offices at once, while each office is headed by an Office Manager. This allows adequate management on both macro and micro scales.
Personnel.
Past directors.
The Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition has over 800 employees with a wide range of job titles. From secretary to molecular chemist, the Center has an extensive staff that covers every possible aspect of food and nutrition science. In the past, most of the Center's work force was stationed at their headquarters in Washington, D.C., but in 2001 most of the headquarters staff was moved to its new location in College Park, Maryland.
Mission statement.
CFSAN's mission statement reads "CFSAN, in conjunction with the Agency's field staff, is responsible for promoting and protecting the public's health by ensuring that the nation's food supply is safe, sanitary, wholesome, and honestly labeled, and that cosmetic products are safe and properly labeled."
Important regulations established.
The Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition or CFSAN imposes regulations mainly on corporate entities that create and market foods and drugs. These regulations usually have to deal with products in the pipeline for introduction into the American market. Here is an abbreviated list from the linked page that highlights the most important and influential actions regulation created by the FDA. It also deals with the expansion of the FDA's powers and the creation of the agency itself.
Organizations that influence CFSAN.
There are two main research groups outside the FDA that have a direct impact on the CFSAN, the Joint Institute for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, and the National Center for Food Safety and Technology. In addition, there are many interest groups who have a stake in CFSAN's policies.
The Joint Institute for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (JIFSAN) is a partnership between the FDA (specifically, the CFSAN and Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM)) and the University of Maryland. JIFSAN was created in 1996 to "provide the scientific basis for ensuring a safe, wholesome food supply as well as provide the infrastructure for contributions to national food safety programs and international food standards." Currently JIFSAN is working on such research as Risk Analysis, Microbial Pathogens and Toxins, Food Composition and Applied Nutrition, and Animal Health Sciences and Food Safety.
The Institute for Food Safety and Health, or IFSH (formerly National Center for Food Safety and Technology) is a research group between CFSAN, the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) and members of the food industry. IFSH is "a world-class food science research institute that produces knowledge-based outcomes in the areas of food safety, food defense, and nutrition for stakeholders in government, industry, and academia."
Because CFSAN regulates food safety and labeling, many food industry groups have an interest in their policies. Some of these groups include:
CFSAN is also a partner in the Partnership for Food Safety Education (PFSE), an organization dedicated to educating the public about food safety. The PFSE comprises some federal agencies, such as the CDC and the EPA, with many members from the food industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9686225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686225" title="SCW World Tag Team Championship">
SCW World Tag Team Championship

The SCW World Tag Team Championship was the top tag team championship in Southwest Championship Wrestling from its establishment in 1980 until 1984, when the title was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9686228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686228" title="Luís Jesus">
Luís Jesus

Luís Filipe Jesus (born 19 November 1968) is a Portuguese long-distance runner. He set his personal best (2:08:55) in the marathon in 2006 (Paris).
He finished fourteenth in the short race at the 1998 World Cross Country Championships and seventh at the 1998 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. In the marathon he finished eighteenth at the 2005 World Championships and tenth at the 2006 European Athletics Championships. Jesus competed in track distances at the World Championships in 1993 and 1995, without reaching the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="9686234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686234" title="Yuki Matsunaga">
Yuki Matsunaga


</doc>
<doc id="9686244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686244" title="Center for Devices and Radiological Health">
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) is the branch of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) responsible for the premarket approval of all medical devices, as well as overseeing the manufacturing, performance and safety of these devices. The CDRH also oversees the radiation safety performance of non-medical devices which emit certain types of electromagnetic radiation, such as cellular phones and microwave ovens.
The current head of the CDRH is Jeffrey Shuren, who took over in January 2010.
Regulatory classes.
CDRH splits medical devices into three classes with different regulatory requirements:
Class 1 devices include everyday items such as toothbrushes which are unlikely to cause serious consequences if they fail. Manufacturers are required to follow what are called "general controls" which closely match ISO 9000 requirements.
In addition to the general controls, Class 2 devices require a premarket notification. This process, commonly known as the "510(k)" process after the relevant section of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, results in FDA clearance of a product. The intent of this class was for new manufacturers of devices that already existed when the rules were established. A Class 2 device is required to be "substantially equivalent" to existing devices. The class is now used for "medium risk" devices such as demineralized bone powder used for reconstructive surgery, which is officially substantially equivalent to Plaster of Paris, a much older product that was used for the same purpose. This equivalence is used when the FDA does not think a full approval process with extensive clinical trials is necessary.
The premarket notification process came under fire in February 2011 after the release of a study by Dr. Diana Zuckerman and Paul Brown of the National Research Center for Women and Families, and Dr. Steven Nissen of the Cleveland Clinic, published in the Archives of Internal Medicine. It showed that most medical devices recalled in the last five years for “serious health problems or death” had been previously cleared by the FDA using the less stringent, and cheaper, 510(k) process. In a few cases the devices had been deemed so low-risk that they did not need FDA regulation. Of the 113 devices recalled, 35 were for cardiovacular issues. This may lead to a reevaluation of FDA procedures and better oversight.
Class 3 devices require a "Pre-market Approval" (PMA), which is analogous to the drug approval process with clinical trials and extensive review of the design. Class 3 devices tend to be products such as pacemakers which would cause obvious risk of injury or death if they did not function properly. As with all devices, the manufacturers must follow the general controls.
History.
In 1982, when the beginning of the biotechnology revolution blurred the lines between drugs, biologics, and medical devices, Commissioner Arthur Hayes reorganized the FDA. This reorganization merged the bureaus responsible for medical devices and radiation control into their present form, the Center for Devices and Radiological Health.

</doc>
<doc id="9686259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686259" title="The First 48">
The First 48

The First 48 is an American documentary television series on A&E. Filmed in various cities in the United States, the series offers an insider's look at the real-life world of homicide investigators. While the series often follows the investigations to their end, it usually focuses on their first 48 hours, hence the title. Each episode picks one or more homicides in different cities, covering each alternately, showing how detectives use forensic evidence, witness interviews and other advanced detective skills to identify suspects. While most cases are solved within the first 48 hours, some go on days, weeks, months, or even years after the first 48.
The series was nominated for a "Distinguished Documentary Achievement Award" in the "Continuing Series" category by the International Documentary Association, eventually losing out to "American Experience". By season 6, "The First 48" had become the highest rated non-fiction justice series on television, and had gained critical acclaim along with controversy. The season 8 premiere, "Gone", which aired on January 1, 2009, garnered a domestic audience of 2.3 million viewers which made it the series' most watched episode, at the time.
Title sequence.
Until the 12th season, "The First 48"'s opening title sequence featured the conceptual statement: ""For homicide detectives, the clock starts ticking the moment they are called. Their chance of solving a murder is cut in half if they don't get a lead within the first 48 hours."" The original soundtrack, composed by both Chuck Hammer (2004–2005) and Brian and Justin Deming (2006–2008), is a combination of dark ambient music integrated with sound design.
Episodes.
Spin-offs.
The series has several follow-up episodes entitled "After the First 48", which detail the trials of those accused in previous episodes, and the aftermath of victims' survivors. "The First 48: Missing Persons" which follows the same story format as the original series. The latest spin-off, "The Killer Speaks", depicts convicted felons as they describe their crimes through their first-hand accounts.
Controversy.
On May 16, 2010, a 7-year-old Detroit girl named Aiyana Jones was shot and killed during a SWAT raid that was filmed by "The First 48" cameras. Detroit SWAT unit raided the duplex while searching for a homicide suspect. On October 5, 2011, prosecutors charged the Detroit police officer with the involuntary manslaughter of Jones. Allison Howard, an A&E Television Network camera operator who was filming that night, was charged with perjury and obstruction of justice after lying under oath. She pleaded no contest to obstruction of justice and was sentenced to 2 years' probation.
On November 18, 2009, 21-year-old Taiwan Smart was charged with two counts of second-degree murder of his two roommates in Miami's Little Haiti neighborhood. His story aired later as an episode titled "Inside Job". However, evidence later showed that cops made glaring mistakes in their investigation. Additionally, "The First 48" misrepresented a key witness' statement in their program. Smart was released in June 2011 and has since sued the city of Miami for false imprisonment. The episode continues to air without correction.
The show's unprecedented access to police departments has generated some controversy because such access is not typically given to traditional local news media. Moreover, the show has been criticized for putting witnesses in danger by revealing their faces and their voices on a nationally televised program and for not being sensitive to what might happen to them in the form of retaliation.

</doc>
<doc id="9686267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686267" title="Katja Koren">
Katja Koren

Katja Koren Miklavec (born 6 August, 1975) is a former Slovenian alpine skier.
Born in Maribor, she won a bronze medal in the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. She retired from skiing in 1998, due to a spinal injury.
Since 2008, she has been active in politics, and has run twice on the electoral lists of the Slovenian Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9686289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686289" title="Luciano Di Pardo">
Luciano Di Pardo

Luciano Di Pardo (born 3 February 1975 in Bad Schwalbach, Germany) is an Italian long-distance runner.
Biography.
He finished sixteenth in the short race at the 1999 World Cross Country Championships and nineteenth at the 2002 World Cross Country Championships. He then finished eleventh in the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2002 European Championships.
National championships.
Luciano Di Pardo has won 8 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9686306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686306" title="Victoria Kent">
Victoria Kent

Victoria Kent Siano (March 3, 1898 - September 22, 1987) was a Spanish lawyer and republican politician.
Born in Málaga, she was affiliated to the Radical Socialist Republican Party and came to fame in 1930 for defending - at a court martial - Álvaro de Albornoz, who would shortly afterwards go on to become minister of justice and later the future president of the Republican government in exile (1947 to 1949 and 1949 to 1951). She became a member of the first Parliament of the Second Spanish Republic in 1931. That same year, the President of the Republic, Niceto Alcalá-Zamora, appointed her Director General of Prisons, a post she held until 1934, and she actively continued the reforms in the prison service that had been started by Concepción Arenal.
Kent was against giving women the right to vote immediately, arguing that, as Spanish women lacked at that moment social and political education enough to vote responsibly, they would be very much influenced by the Catholic priests, damaging left wing parties. She had a controversy about this subject with another feminist in the parliament, Clara Campoamor. This caused her certain unpopularity and, when women were given right to vote, she lost her seat – as she had predicted – to the conservative majority in 1933.
After the Spanish Civil War, Kent went into exile. In New York she published the "Ibérica" review from 1954 to 1974, which featured news for Spanish people exiled in the United States. She died in New York in 1987.
Colleges in Fuenlabrada, Marbella, Torrejón de Ardoz ("Instituto de Educación Secundaria Victoria Kent"), and a railway station in her home town of Málaga, have been named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="9686325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686325" title="National Center for Toxicological Research">
National Center for Toxicological Research

The National Center for Toxicological Research (NCTR) is the branch of the United States Food and Drug Administration which conducts research to define biological mechanisms of action underlying the toxicity of products regulated by the FDA. Its director is William Slikker, Jr., PhD.
The FDA toxicological research facility is geographically within the confines of the Pine Bluff Arsenal. The research center is located off Interstate 530 in Jefferson, Arkansas. It is the only FDA center located outside the Washington, D.C. area, and its campus takes up approximately 1 million square feet.

</doc>
<doc id="9686338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686338" title="John Nada Saya">
John Nada Saya

John Nada Saya (born 8 August 1978 in Arusha) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner.
Nada died in Arusha, Tanzania sometime between August 4/5, 2011. The cause of his death is not known at this time.
He finished fifteenth in the short race at the 2000 World Cross Country Championships. He competed in the marathon race at the 2004 Summer Olympics, but did not finish. He also won the 2001 Milan Marathon, setting a personal best of 2:08:57 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="9686349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686349" title="Alenka Dovžan">
Alenka Dovžan

Alenka Dovžan (born February 11, 1976 in Mojstrana, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Slovenian alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9686350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686350" title="Bloodstained Heroes">
Bloodstained Heroes

Bloodstained Heroes is the third release of the Finnish progressive metal band Crimson Lotus. It was released on December 23, 2006. Original album artwork created by Pekka Aalto, mostly from material by Lydia C. Burris. Mastered by Pirkka Rännäli.
Guest musicians: Matti Auerkallio (vocals).

</doc>
<doc id="9686368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686368" title="Miyanosaka Station (Tokyo)">
Miyanosaka Station (Tokyo)

Station layout.
There are two side platforms on two tracks.
History.
The station opened on July 1, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9686381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686381" title="Taitung Airport">
Taitung Airport

Taitung Airport () is an airport serving Taitung City, in Taitung County, Taiwan (Republic of China). The airport operates from 7am to 6pm.
History.
The airport sits on 153.7 hectares of land began as a holding room facility in 1977 and upgraded as an official airport on 1 July 1981. It then moved to its current site months later afterwards to meet the strategical requirements for the military. On 1 June 2001, it was promoted to become a second class airport, and in September it began its expansion construction to move industries eastwards and boost the local tourism industries.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 04/22 with an asphalt surface measuring .
Transportation.
The airport is accessible within walking distance South East from Kangle Station of the Taiwan Railways Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="9686389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686389" title="Cyrus Kataron">
Cyrus Kataron

Cyrus Kataron (born 16 May 1982) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
He won the bronze medal in 5000 metres at the 2000 World Junior Championships. At the 2001 World Cross Country Championships he finished fifth in the short race, while the Kenyan team of which he was a part won the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9686391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686391" title="Vital Pharmaceuticals">
Vital Pharmaceuticals

Vital Pharmaceuticals (VPX Sports), which distributes sports supplements under the brand name VPX, is a sports nutrition corporation located in Florida, United States. Its market consists principally of bodybuilders and other fitness enthusiasts. The company acknowledges that its products are generally more expensive than those of its competitors, but justifies this fact with claims of its products' superior quality.
Among VPX's better-known products are Redline (a thermogenic), Black Pearl (marketed as a libido enhancer), "Bang" bars (protein bars containing five grams of creatine monohydrate), and the Zero Impact and Zero Carb dietary supplements.
In 2008, CytoSport requested an injunction against VPX complaining about Muscle Power and halted the latter in 2009.
On July 7, 2009, VPX issued a recall for Powdered Dietary Supplement, Stealth Chocolate and Stealth Vanilla because of possible salmonella.

</doc>
<doc id="9686405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686405" title="SCW World Heavyweight Championship">
SCW World Heavyweight Championship

The SCW World Heavyweight Championship briefly served as the top singles title in Southwest Championship Wrestling for a few months in 1983. The title was established in response to SCW landing a television show on the USA Network in late-1982, but after USA controversially canceled "Southwest Championship Wrestling" a few months later and turned its TV time over to "WWF All American Wrestling", the title was forgotten and eventually abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9686412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686412" title="Eticyclidine">
Eticyclidine

Eticyclidine (PCE, CI-400) is a dissociative anesthetic drug with hallucinogenic effects. It is similar in effects to phencyclidine but is slightly more potent. PCE was developed by Parke-Davis in the 1970s and evaluated for anesthetic potential under the code name CI-400, but research into PCE was not continued after the development of ketamine, a similar drug with more favourable properties. PCE is slightly more potent than PCP and has similar effects, but its unpleasant taste and tendency to cause nausea made it less accepted by users. Due to its similarity in effects to PCP, PCE was placed into the Schedule 1 list of illegal drugs in the 1970s, although it was only briefly abused in the 1970s and 1980s and is now little known.

</doc>
<doc id="9686414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686414" title="Enock Koech">
Enock Koech

Enock Koech (born 4 April 1981) is a Kenyan long-distance runner. At the 2001 World Cross Country Championships he won the short race, while the Kenyan team of which he was a part won the team competition as well.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9686423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686423" title="Veronika Stallmaier">
Veronika Stallmaier

Veronika Stallmaier, née Wallinger, (born July 30, 1964 in St. Kolomann) is a retired Austrian alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9686427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686427" title="Xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus">
Xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus

Xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus (XMRV) is a laboratory-derived gammaretrovirus that arose from the recombination of two endogenous mouse retroviruses during the mid 1990s. The chimeric virus was first described in 2006 as an apparently novel retrovirus and potential human pathogen. Initial reports linked the virus to prostate cancer and later to chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS), leading to considerable interest in the scientific and patient communities, investigation of XMRV as a potential cause of multiple medical conditions, and public health concerns about the safety of the donated blood supply.
XMRV has now been established as a laboratory contaminant. False positive detection of XMRV may also occur because of contamination of clinical specimens and laboratory reagents with other mouse retroviruses or related nucleic acids. Most scientific publications claiming an association of XMRV with CFS or prostate cancer have been retracted, and allegations of research misconduct were leveled against at least one CFS investigator. There is no evidence that XMRV can infect humans, nor has it been demonstrated that XMRV is associated with or causes any human disease.
Classification and genome.
XMRV is a murine leukemia virus (MLV) that formed through the recombination of the genomes of two parent MLVs known as preXMRV-1 and preXMRV-2. MLVs belong to the virus family Retroviridae and the genus gammaretrovirus and have a single-stranded RNA genome that replicates through a DNA intermediate. The name XMRV was given because the discoverers of the virus initially thought that it was a novel potential human pathogen that was related to but distinct from MLVs. The XMRV particle is approximately spherical and 80 to 100 nm in diameter.
Several XMRV genomic sequences have been published to date. These sequences are almost identical, an unusual finding as retroviruses replicate their genomes with relatively low fidelity, leading to divergent viral sequences in a single host organism. The results of phylogenetic analyses of XMRV and related murine retroviruses led a group of researchers to conclude that XMRV "might not be a genuine human pathogen".
Discovery.
XMRV was discovered in the laboratories of Joseph DeRisi at the University of California, San Francisco, and Robert Silverman and Eric Klein of the Cleveland Clinic. Silverman had previously cloned and investigated the enzyme ribonuclease L (RNase L), part of the cell’s natural defense against viruses. When activated, RNase L degrades cellular and viral RNA to halt viral replication. In 2002, the "hereditary prostate cancer 1" locus (HPC1) was mapped to the RNase L gene, implicating it in the development of prostate cancer. The cancer-associated "R462Q" mutation results in a glutamine instead of an arginine at position 462 of the RNase L enzyme, reducing its catalytic activity. A man with two copies of this mutation has twice the risk of prostate cancer; one copy raises the risk by 50%. Klein and Silverman hypothesized that "the putative linkage of RNase L alterations to HPC might reflect enhanced susceptibility to a viral agent" and conducted a viral screen of prostate cancer samples, leading to the discovery of XMRV.
Disease association studies.
Prostate cancer.
In the initial report on XMRV, the virus was detected in cancerous prostate tissues using a microarray containing samples of genetic material from about 950 viruses. The screen indicated the presence of a gammaretrovirus-like sequence in seven of eleven tumours homozygous for the R462Q mutation, but only in one of five tumours without the mutation. After isolation and cloning of the virus, an expanded screen found it present in 40% of tumours homozygous for R462Q and in only 1.5% of those not. A 2009 study reported evidence of XMRV infection in 23% of subjects independent of the RNase L gene variation, and detection of XMRV was again reported in a 2010 article.
However, numerous studies have failed to find evidence of XMRV in prostate cancer. Researchers in Germany found no XMRV-specific sequences in the DNA or RNA of samples from prostate cancer patients, and no XMRV-specific antibodies were detected in blood serum samples. Another German study found no XMRV association with non-familial (sporadic) prostate cancer, and no XMRV link was found in Irish prostate cancer patients with the R462Q mutation. Similar results were reported in The Netherlands, Japan, and Mexico. Geographical differences were initially suspected as the culprit in these discrepancies, because the positive results were obtained in the United States. However, U.S. studies have also found no evidence of XMRV. Researchers at the National Cancer Institute, Johns Hopkins and the Mayo Clinic tested over 1,000 samples from prostate cancer patients but found no evidence of the virus.
A causal role of XMRV in cancer has not been established, and XMRV does not appear to be capable of transforming cells directly. In prostate cancer, XMRV protein has been found in tumour-associated but nonmalignant stromal cells, but in one study is was not found in the actual prostate cancer cells, raising the possibility that the virus may indirectly support tumorigenesis. However, in another study, XMRV proteins and nucleic acids were found in malignant cells.
Chronic fatigue syndrome.
In 2009, Lombardi "et al." reported finding XMRV DNA in 67% of people with chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) but in only 4% of healthy controls. The authors reported that patient-derived XMRV could infect cells "in vitro" and stated that "These findings raise the possibility that XMRV may be a contributing factor in the pathogenesis of CFS". The reported association of XMRV and CFS, published in "Science", generated worldwide media coverage and subsequent conflicting study results. Independent laboratories from around the world have not detected XMRV in CFS patient groups or control populations, using blood samples or cerebrospinal fluid. Various PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) assays and antibody-based detection methods were used in these investigations. Some of the authors of the original CFS report suggested that the widespread failure to replicate their results was attributable to different PCR conditions or to different criteria used to classify patients. However, several negative studies have been conducted with the same PCR primers used in the first investigation. Another study using the original reaction conditions did not detect XMRV in UK patients who "not only had CFS, but had considerable disability". Another study found no XMRV, but did report detection of murine leukemia virus related sequences in the blood of CFS patients. Two reviews have argued that reconciliation of these differences is necessary. The editor-in-chief of the journal "Science" in June 2011 published an expression of concern, stating that "the validity of the study by Lombardi "et al." is now seriously in question". In September 2011, the original authors published a "Partial Retraction" of their 2009 findings, in which they acknowledged that "some of the CFS peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) DNA preparations are contaminated with XMRV plasmid DNA." A full retraction was issued by "Science" on December 22, 2011.
An international workshop was convened in September 2010 to aid in resolving the discrepancies. At the meeting, it was announced that Ian Lipkin would oversee a multi-centre trial that would culminate in blinded testing of 150 CFS patients and 150 healthy but comparable donors by laboratories at the Whittemore Peterson Institute, the NIH and the CDC. The results of this trial were made available in mid-2012, and concluded that XMRV was not present in either CFS patients or the control group.[http://www.sciencemag.org/content/337/6101/1441.full][http://mbio.asm.org/content/3/5/e00266-12.abstract?sid=2c5ce94a-a8f4-404a-8e6e-6389779bb93e]
Other conditions.
XMRV has been proposed as a cause for conditions including autism, fibromyalgia, multiple sclerosis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and Parkinson's disease. However, there is currently no evidence to support these hypotheses. No XMRV was found in 230 autistic children or in 204 controls, nor was XMRV detected in fibromyalgia or MS patients or in children with idiopathic diseases. In one study, XMRV was detected in a small percentage of patients with weakened immune systems, but other studies found no evidence of XMRV in immunosuppression. Out of more than 500 HIV-1-positive people, none was positive for XMRV, nor was XMRV found in systemic lupus erythematosus patients.
Contamination and artifact.
From the first reports of XMRV and disease associations, scientists were concerned that the positive findings could be artifactual, for example as the result of contamination with nucleic acids from mice or mouse viruses. Most proposed retrovirus-disease associations have been prompted by accidental detection of contaminants, and initially promising results were later disproven or failed replication. Virologist Robin Weiss suggested in 2010 that XMRV is likely to be one of these "rumour viruses". The suspicion of contamination grew with an increasing number of negative studies as well as investigations demonstrating contamination.
The results of several studies support the contamination hypothesis. Scientists reported that they found ample sources of contamination in laboratory reagents, tissue samples and blood. Samples that were positive for XMRV were also positive for mouse DNA contaminants. Another article reported on the striking identity of XMRV genomic sequences and their similarity to xenotropic MLVs in several human cell lines. The authors conclude that XMRV contaminated 22Rv1 cell cultures, likely during passage in athymic mice. (Production of laboratory cell lines may involve passaging of tumours in mice.) Identical XMRV integration sites were also found, a phenomenon never before reported for a retrovirus and strongly suggestive of contamination. It has been recommended that studies of XMRV should include more diverse and stringent PCR testing and phylogenetic analysis to detect occurrence of mouse DNA contamination from laboratory sources.
Responding to indications of contamination, the group that reported an association of XMRV with CFS stated that its evidence was not restricted to nucleic acids, but also included antibody-based detection. Their study used murine leukaemia virus antibodies and antigens, not XMRV-specific reagents. Multiple studies have failed to detect XMRV by PCR or antibody-based methods. In one study, several samples that were PCR-negative contained antibodies that interacted with XMRV. However, the authors found that these antibodies were non-specific and also interacted with other viruses. Mayo Clinic researchers also reported on non-specific anti-XMRV antibodies. In another study, only low reactivity with XMRV antigens was found, with no differences between cases and controls. The authors noted that establishing a cutoff for seropositivity was impossible, as no positive sera are available. A study that included samples from the original XMRV-CFS report found no XMRV in patients or controls by PCR, antibody-based methods or viral culture. The authors discovered that some PCR reagents were contaminated with low levels of mouse nucleic acid but pointed out that this could not explain the high XMRV positive rates reported initially.
Blood supply controversy.
Transmission of XMRV to or between humans has not been documented. Speculated modes of transmission include sexual and airborne routes, but the mode of human transmission, if any, has not yet been investigated. A study in the Netherlands found no XMRV in the semen of HIV-positive men. Both cell-associated and cell-free transmission have been reported "in vitro". XMRV is closely related to several known xenotropic mouse viruses. These viruses recognize and enter cells of non-rodent species by means of the cell-surface xenotropic and polytropic murine leukemia virus receptor (XPR1).
Judy Mikovits of the Whittemore Peterson Institute has stated that XMRV has "almost certainly entered the U.S. blood supply system, but did not know whether it would be susceptible to the same heat treatments that successfully kill off the AIDS virus in blood products." Only fractionated plasma is heat treated, blood for transfusion is not. A United States federal consortium is now working to determine the prevalence of XMRV in the blood supply and the suitability of different detection methods. The preliminary phase of this project yielded inconclusive data. Although four patients tested positive at two of the sites, no patient was positive after repeated testing.
The association of XMRV and CFS reported in "Science" prompted Health Canada, the New Zealand Blood Service, the Australian Red Cross Blood Service, and the American Red Cross in 2010, to disallow blood donations from individuals with CFS. On June 18, 2010, the American Association of Blood Banks, recommended actively discouraging potential donors who have been diagnosed by a physician as having CFS from donating blood or blood components.
As of November 1, 2010, people with CFS are no longer able to donate blood in the UK.
Writing in Cell Host & Microbe, retrovirologists Mark Wainberg and Kuan-Teh Jeang argued that a "scrupulously cautious" risk-benefit analysis is needed to assess the benefits and costs of testing or discarding blood on the basis of XMRV-positive results, taking into account the fact that some individuals and companies could profit from mandatory testing. They drew a parallel with the recent MMR-autism scare, in which conflicts of interest played a role.

</doc>
<doc id="9686432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686432" title="Hoselaw, Alberta">
Hoselaw, Alberta

Hoselaw is an unincorporated community in northeast Alberta, Canada. The community was named for Loch Hoselaw in Roxburghshire, Scotland. Hoselaw is administered by the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87. Hoselaw is also the name of a lake in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="9686442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686442" title="Pascal Berenguer">
Pascal Berenguer

Pascal Berenguer (born May 20, 1981, in Marseille, France) is a French professional football (soccer) player, currently with Tours FC on loan from AS Nancy.

</doc>
<doc id="9686459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686459" title="Olav Dalgard">
Olav Dalgard

Olav Dalgard, given name Olaf Hanssen (19 June 1898 in Folldal – 25 December 1980 in Bærum) was a Norwegian filmmaker, advocate of Nynorsk, and a literature and art historian.
Dalgard was raised in Oppdal, from the age of three. He earned an M.A. degree in literature and art history at the University of Oslo in 1929. During his studies, he was the chairman of the student Nynorsk association and was active in the Mot Dag movement.
Dalgard worked as a literature critic for the newspapers "Dagbladet" and "Arbeiderbladet". From 1931 on he was the dramatic advisor and instructor at Det Norske Teateret. He studied film in the Soviet Union and in the 1930s produced several films with a socialist message. Dalgard was also active in the Norwegian Labour Party's cultural operations.
During World War II Dalgard was arrested in 1942 and held as a political prisoner by the German occupants and sent to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.
After the war, Dalgard wrote, among other things, a history of Norwegian theater entitled "Teateret frå Aiskylos til Ibsen" ("Theater from Aeschylus to Ibsen", 1948), and theoretical works about film. He was involved in the establishment of the Norwegian Film Institute. Among his most famous works was "Gryr i Norden", a dramatization of a strike in Oslo in 1889.
Dalgard was a member of the state film board, chairman of the Norwegian Literature Critics' Association from 1953–55, and president of the Norwegian Humanist Association from 1965-77.
In 1961 Dalgard received a government grant. In 1978 he accepted the Norwegian culture council's special award for his work. An award, "Dalgards kritikerpris", is named for him and is given annually to a reviewer in literature, film, or theater.

</doc>
<doc id="9686468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686468" title="Ayaka Kimura (voice actress)">
Ayaka Kimura (voice actress)


</doc>
<doc id="9686485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686485" title="VMF-216">
VMF-216

Marine Fighting Squadron 216 (VMF-216) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II. Known as the “Bulldogs”, they flew the F4U Corsair and participated in numerous combat engagements in the Pacific Theater. They were deactivated on March 10, 1945 and remain in an inactive status today.
History.
Marine Fighting Squadron 216 was formed at Marine Corps Air Station El Centro, California in January 1943 but was not officially commissioned until September 16, 1943 with Major Rivers J. Morrell, Jr. in command. Initially training in FM-1 Wildcats, they transitioned to the Vought F4U-1 Corsair and operated roughly 18 of these aircraft at any one time.
VMF-216 was the first squadron to land at the recently opened Torokina Airfield on December 10, 1943. By this time they had at least partially transitioned to the F4U-1A Corsair, featuring a bubble canopy.
On August 4, 1944, VMF-216 joined VMF(N)-534, VMF-217, and VMF-225 on Guam following the invasion of the island by United States forces. Following this, they were based on the Essex Class aircraft carrier USS Wasp (CV-18) starting in early February 1945 and participated in the Battle of Iwo Jima. They remained aboard until "Wasp" retired to the west coast for overhaul of battle damage. The squadron was deactivated on March 10, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9686492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686492" title="Wang-an Airport">
Wang-an Airport

Wang-an Airport () is an airport in Wang-an, Penghu Islands, Republic of China (Taiwan). Construction of the airport started in January 1988, and was finished later that year. On May 11, 1991 the Civil Aeronautics Administration began to manage the airport, and the airport now has an auxiliary status. The runway was resurfaced in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9686495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686495" title="Copyright on the content of patents and in the context of patent prosecution">
Copyright on the content of patents and in the context of patent prosecution

The copyright status of the content of patent applications and patents may vary from one legislation to another. Whether scientific literature can be freely copied for the purpose of patent prosecution is also a matter for discussion.
Copyright status of the content of patent applications and patents.
United States.
In the United States "the text and drawings of a patent are typically not subject to copyright restrictions.". A patent applicant may obtain copyright protection or mask work protection for the content of their patent application if they include the following notice in their application:
If this copyright notice is not included, then “anyone is free to copy and disseminate the drawings of an issued patent for any purpose”
Copyright law and the use of non-patent literature in patent prosecution.
United States.
A related, but different, issue is whether scientific literature, sometimes referred to as "non-patent literature" (NPL), can be freely copied for submission to the USPTO and more generally in the context of patent prosecution. The official position of the USPTO is that providing copies of non-patent literature to the USPTO for the purposes of patent prosecution is protected fair use provided that the applicant obtained the copies properly.

</doc>
<doc id="9686509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686509" title="Florence Masnada">
Florence Masnada

Florence Masnada (born December 16, 1968 in Vizille) is a retired French alpine skier, who won a bronze Olympic medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9686532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686532" title="Emmanuel Duchemin">
Emmanuel Duchemin

Emmanuel Duchemin (born March 14, 1979 in Amiens, France) is a French professional football (soccer) player, who last plays with AS Nancy. He is Sportinvalide and on Sunday 19 October 2008 his professional career ended. 

</doc>
<doc id="9686537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686537" title="Qimei Airport">
Qimei Airport

Qimei Airport or Cimei Airport () is an airport serving Cimei, an island in Penghu County, Taiwan (Republic of China). The Penghu County Government approved the building of the airport in 1977 for those on Chimay. The runway was redone in 1995, and is now under the control of Civil Aeronautics Administration.
Facilities.
The airport has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9686540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686540" title="Bosingak">
Bosingak

Bosingak is a large bell pavilion on Jongno in Seoul, South Korea. The bell in Bosingak gives Jongno its name, which literally means "bell street." It was originally constructed in 1396 but destroyed many times by both war and fire. It was designated Bosingak by Emperor Gojong in 1895.
In the Joseon Dynasty, this bell was the center of the castle. The bell was hit to announce the opening and closing of the 4 gates around Seoul. At 4 am and 10 pm the bell was hit 33 times and gates were opened and closed as well it was used as a fire alarm. In modern times, the bell is rung only at midnight on New Year's Eve. Because of the massive number of people who attend this ceremony, Metro trains on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway do not stop at Jonggak Station on New Year's Eve.

</doc>
<doc id="9686543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686543" title="WKAR (AM)">
WKAR (AM)

WKAR is a National Public Radio member station in East Lansing, Michigan; broadcasting at 870 kHz. It is owned by Michigan State University, and carries news and talk shows from NPR. It is part of MSU's Broadcasting Services Division, and is a sister station to the FM radio and television stations with the same call letters. Its studios and offices are located in the Communication Arts and Sciences Building, at the southeast corner of Wilson and Red Cedar Roads on the MSU campus.
The station dates to experimental broadcasts at Michigan State, then known as Michigan Agricultural College, beginning in 1917. WKAR-AM's first official broadcast was a "Founder's Day" speech on May 13, 1922. MAC was granted a full license on August 18, 1922. Although the call letters appear to stand for K(C)ollege of AgricultuRe, they were actually randomly assigned by Herbert Hoover, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce (which was the sole radio licensing authority). It was the only radio station in the Lansing area until 1934.
Originally broadcasting at AM 1050, it moved to 1080 in 1928. It moved to 1040 in 1930 to alleviate interference with KRLD in Dallas, but had to move to 850 in 1936 and to its current home on 870 in 1941 Between 1939-1941 WKAR boosted power from 1,000 to 5,000 watts. The station went to its current 10,000 watts in the late 1960s. The WKAR stations were charter members of NPR, and were among the 90 stations that carried the initial broadcast of "All Things Considered." 
The station is one of the few NPR stations that does not operate 24 hours a day. It must sign off at sundown to protect WWL-AM in New Orleans. During the winter months, it generally signs off between 5 pm and 6 pm, returning to the air at 8 am. During the summer months, it generally signs off at 8 pm and returns to the air at 6 am. The majority of its schedule consists of NPR national programming. Local programs include the daily news/arts magazine "Current State", the daily sports talk/call-in "Current Sports" and the long-running Spanish-language "Ondas en Espanol" hosted by Tony "El Chayo" Cervantes on weekends.
Since 2010, WKAR's programming has been simulcast on WKAR-FM's HD subcarrier during the AM station's hours of operation. Originally on the FM station's second channel, it moved to a new third channel in 2012. The NPR news and talk format continues after the AM signoff, providing a 24/7 NPR service to the Lansing area. This feed is also streamed via the station's website. 
Its 10,000-watt signal reaches as far east as Flint and Ann Arbor, and as far west as Grand Rapids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9686567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686567" title="Enablement">
Enablement

Enablement can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9686573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686573" title="Aziz Driouche">
Aziz Driouche

Aziz Driouche (born 13 November 1977 in Boujad) is a Moroccan long-distance runner.
At the 2000 World Cross Country Championships he finished eighteenth in the short race, while the Moroccan team of which he was a part took a bronze medal in the team competition. Competing in the 3000 metres steeplechase during track season, he finished fifth at the 1999 Summer Universiade and fourth at the 2001 Summer Universiade, the latter in a personal best time of 8:25.69 minutes.
He has a degree in mechanical engineering from Kagos Kashima University, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9686589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686589" title="Tenocyclidine">
Tenocyclidine

Tenocyclidine (TCP) was discovered by a team at Parke Davis in the late 1950s. It is a dissociative anesthetic drug with stimulant and hallucinogenic effects. It is similar in effects to phencyclidine (PCP) but is considerably more potent. TCP has slightly different binding properties to PCP, with more affinity for the NMDA receptors, but less affinity for the sigma receptors. Because of its high affinity for the PCP site of the NMDA receptor complex, the 3H radiolabelled form of TCP is widely used in research into NMDA receptors.
TCP acts primarily as an NMDA receptor antagonist which blocks the activity of the NMDA receptor, however its increased stimulant effects compared to PCP suggests it also has relatively greater activity as a dopamine reuptake inhibitor (DRI). Due to its similarity in effects to PCP, TCP was placed into the Schedule I list of illegal drugs in the 1970s, although it was only briefly used in the 1970s and 1980s and is now little known.

</doc>
<doc id="9686596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686596" title="Lanyu Airport">
Lanyu Airport

The Lanyu Airport (; ) is an airport on Orchid Island, Taitung, Republic of China. The airport does not support night time flying except for emergency medical services flights.
History.
The airport was initially controlled by the military, but is now under control of the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) since 1977. Expansion was made to the airport in which it was completed in 1982. Since 1990, the CAA has initiated a series of development projects for further expansion and improvement of the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9686601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686601" title="Rachid Ghanmouni">
Rachid Ghanmouni

Rachid Ghanmouni (born 1 January 1978) is a Moroccan long-distance runner.
He was born in Rich, Rachidia. He finished thirteenth in the marathon race at the 2003 World Championships in a personal best time of 2:10:56 hours. He also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games, but did not finish. He finished 27th at the 2003 World Half Marathon Championships and 34th at the 2004 World Half Marathon Championships.
His personal best times are 2:09:11 in the marathon, achieved in April 2006 in the Paris Marathon; and 1:01:36 hours in the half marathon, achieved in April 2003 in Safi.
In October 2006 he was to be tested for doping in Formiguères, but fled from the site. He was subject to a two-year suspension in January 2008, and after he lost a legal battle the suspension was upheld. The suspension expired in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9686606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686606" title="Harald Christian Strand Nilsen">
Harald Christian Strand Nilsen

Harald Christian Strand Nilsen (born May 7, 1971 in Gjøvik) is a retired Norwegian alpine skier.
The all rounder won no World Cup Races during his active career, but gained several podiums, especially 1994/95 season. At the end of that season he made thirdplace in the Giant Slalom World Cup behind Alberto Tomba of Italy, and Jure Kosir. The 13th place in the overall Alpine skiing World Cup was to become his best classification in any year.
In the following years Strand Nilsen specialized in Slalom skiing and regularly managed to be among the top 15 in World Cup races. However, he would never quite tie in with his earlier successes of 1994 and 1995.
In the Lillehammer Winter Olympics in 1994 he won third place in the Combined event, behind his fellow countrymen Lasse Kjus and Kjetil André Aamodt.
He retired at the end of the 2002/03 season.
Strand Nilsen is today situated in his hometown Gjøvik, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="9686622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686622" title="Tezozomoc (son of Itzcoatl)">
Tezozomoc (son of Itzcoatl)

Tezozomoc () was a son of Itzcoatl, the fourth Aztec ruler ("tlatoani") of Tenochtitlan. Although he never became ruler himself, he was married to Atotoztli, daughter of Moctezuma I (the fifth ruler), and three of his sons — Axayacatl, Tizoc, and Ahuitzotl — would become the sixth, seventh and eighth rulers, respectively. Also, his daughter Chalchiuhnenetzin married Moquihuix, lord of Tlatelolco.

</doc>
<doc id="9686632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686632" title="David Sauget">
David Sauget

David Sauget (born November 23, 1979) in Champagnole, France is a French professional football (soccer) player, currently playing for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.

</doc>
<doc id="9686642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686642" title="Lyudao Airport">
Lyudao Airport

Lyudao Airport () is an airport serving Lyudao (Green Island), in Taitung County, Taiwan, Republic of China.
The airport was built in 1972, and was under the control of the Taiwan Garrison Command. It was rebuilt in 1977, and is now under control of the Civil Aeronautics Administration. An airport expansion project was implemented in 1995.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9686657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686657" title="Fūri Samoto">
Fūri Samoto

, referred as Fūrin by fans, is a Japanese voice actress primarily for visual novels. As singer, she is famous under name Kotoko.

</doc>
<doc id="9686661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686661" title="Jillian Skinner">
Jillian Skinner

Jillian Gell Skinner MP (born 5 August 1944 in Melbourne), an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Health and Minister for Medical Research in the New South Wales government.
Skinner is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing North Shore for the Liberal Party since 1994 and was the Deputy Leader of the New South Wales Liberal Party from 2007 to 2014.
Early life and career.
Skinner was educated at the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Melbourne. She began as a journalist working for the Melbourne Herald and later continued her career in Hong Kong, working for Radio Hong Kong and The Associated Press, Hong Kong from 1962 to 1973.
Upon returning to Australia, Skinner continued working as a journalist in Melbourne, including a period on the Parliamentary Press Gallery during the Premiership of Sir Henry Bolte, Sydney and Adelaide. She has lived in Sydney since 1979. From 1984 to 1988 she was involved in editorial writing, research, policy development and strategic planning. From 1988 to 1994 she was Director of the New South Wales Office of Youth Affairs. She is married with three children.
Political career.
Skinner joined the Liberal Party and became Vice-President of the Cremorne Branch and gained preselection for the seat of North Shore at the 1988 election and the 1984 election. However, she was defeated by the sitting independent member, Ted Mack.
When Mack resigned, Skinner again contested North Shore at the ensuing by-election but lost to Robyn Read, an independent candidate; Skinner gained 35 per cent of the primary vote.
At the 1991 state election Skinner did not contest for the seat of North Shore. Instead, sitting Liberal MP Phillip Smiles ran for the seat, after his own seat of Mosman was abolished in a redistribution. Smiles was the first Liberal MP – and non-Independent – to win North Shore; up until that time it had been won only by independent candidates. However by late December 1993, Smiles was forced to resign from Parliament and Skinner subsequently gained Liberal Party preselection for the ensuing by-election.
After the Labor party won the 1995 election, Skinner was appointed to the Opposition frontbench and has held various shadow portfolios since. Under Opposition Leaders Peter Collins, John Brogden and Peter Debnam, Skinner was Shadow Minister for Health (1995–2003), Youth Affairs (1995–1999, 2002–2003), Arts (2003–2008), Education and Training (2003–2005), School Education (2005), Cancer and Medical Research (2006–2007) and Science and Medical Research (2007–2008).
Following the 2007 election and the resignation of Peter Debnam as leader, on 4 April 2007, Skinner was elected Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition alongside Leader Barry O'Farrell. She retained the position of Shadow Minister for Health, which she has held from 7 September 2005 until the 2011 state election when the Coalition gained government.
On 3 April 2011, Premier O'Farrell announced that Skinner would be appointed to the Cabinet as Minister for Health and Minister for Medical Research.
When O'Farrell resigned as Premier in April 2014, Skinner resigned as Deputy Leader of the New South Wales Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9686662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686662" title="Hamilton Stands">
Hamilton Stands

Hamilton Stands Inc. is a musical instrument accessories manufacturing company based in Middletown, Ohio, and has existed since 1883.
Hamilton is most famous for their wide variety of music stands (from light, fold-up types to rugged, near-permanent ones), used by musicians and music students around the world. Other Hamilton accessories include capos for stringed instruments, and instrument stands.
Musician Bob Dylan frequently used a Hamilton capo on his guitars, and studio and concert photos reveal their distinct look. Michael Nesmith of the Monkees referenced a Hamilton stand in his song "Circle Sky", in the line "Hamilton's smiling down".

</doc>
<doc id="9686666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686666" title="Ridouane Harroufi">
Ridouane Harroufi

Ridouane Harroufi (born 30 July 1981 in Azrou) is a Moroccan long-distance runner who competes in road running competitions, including the marathon.
Life and sports.
He first represented his country at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, running in the junior races in 1999 and 2000. He was sixth over 1500 metres at the 2000 World Junior Championships in Athletics. Moving up to the senior ranks, he came tenth at the 2003 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships to lead Morocco to fourth place in the men's team rankings. The year after he ran in the long race at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, but managed only 63rd place.
He won the Parelloop 10K in race in the Netherlands in 2005. On April 6, 2008, he won the Cherry Blossom 10-Mile Run in Washington D.C., and successfully defended his title on April 5, 2009. He won the Bolder Boulder race twice consecutively in 2007 and 2008.
He won the Cherry Blossom ten-miler in 45:56 seconds minutes, the fastest time in the event since Simon Rono ran 45:51 in 1998. He also won the Boilermaker Road Race in Utica, New York and Azalea Trail Run that year. He came ninth at the 2010 Chicago Marathon.
On May 15, 2011 Harroufi won the 100th Bay to Breakers 12K in San Francisco California with a time of 34 minutes and 26 seconds, breaking a string of 20 consecutive event victories by runners from Kenya. He won the 34th annual Boilermaker Road Race for the second time in his career on July 10, 2011. His official race time was 43 minutes and 30 seconds. He ran at the 2011 Fukuoka Marathon and was ninth overall.
Harroufi returned a positive doping test for EPO at the Los Angeles Marathon on March 17, 2013 and was given a two-year ban from competition. His period of ineligibility ends on July 30, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="9686678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686678" title="Visual Paradigm for UML">
Visual Paradigm for UML

Visual Paradigm for UML (VP-UML) is a UML CASE Tool supporting UML 2, SysML and Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN) from the Object Management Group (OMG). In addition to modeling support, it provides report generation and code engineering capabilities including code generation. It can reverse engineer diagrams from code, and provide round-trip engineering for various programming languages.
Product Editions.
Higher-priced editions provide more features.
The following editions were available in November 2010:
UML Modeling.
VP-UML supports 13 types of diagrams:
Requirements Management.
VP-UML supports requirements management including use cases, SysML requirement diagrams and textual analysis.
A SysML requirement diagram specifies the capability or condition that must be delivered in the target system. Capability refers to the functions that the system must support. Condition means that the system should be able to run or produce the result given a specific constraint. VP-UML provides a SysML requirement diagram for specifying and analyzing requirements.
Business Process Modeling.
Supports BPMN 2.0 for modeling of business processes.
Data Modeling.
VP-UML supports both Entity Relationship Diagrams (ERD) and Object Relational Mapping Diagrams (ORMD). ERD is used to model the relational database. ORMD is one of the tools to show the mapping between class from object-oriented world and entity in relational database world.

</doc>
<doc id="9686686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686686" title="Kirika">
Kirika


</doc>
<doc id="9686693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686693" title="UniverSoul Circus">
UniverSoul Circus

The UniverSoul Circus is a single ring circus founded and run since 1994 by Cedric Walker. It currently contains 75 performers and 12 acts. The circus is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
History.
The UniverSoul Circus was founded in 1994. The history section of the official website states that "We had the idea to present ... to a wide demographic of spectators."
Recruiting, training and production began in 1993. The first performance took place in 1994 in the parking lot of Atlanta Fulton County Stadium. The first season of operations brought formidable debt upon the organization. By 1997 the circus tour grew to 10 cities, 19 cities in 1999, 31 cities in 2000, and 32 cities in 2005. A tour of South Africa, the first international destination, was completed in 2001.
Animal safety.
The UniverSoul Circus through some of its animal vendors have had some animal cruelty violations dating from 1997 to the present time. They have also had incidences of escaping animals.

</doc>
<doc id="9686721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686721" title="Skeppar Olofs Gränd">
Skeppar Olofs Gränd

Skeppar Olofs Gränd (Swedish: "Alley of Skipper Olof") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from Köpmangatan to Trädgårdsgatan, it forms a parallel street to Peder Fredags Gränd and Trädgårdstvärgränd.
History.
Appearing in historical records as "skepper Olaffz grändh" in 1587, the alley is named after the skipper Olof Eriksson, commonly known as "Skeppar Olof", who from 1625 served under King Gustav Vasa, as skipper on board the ship "Ugglan" ("The Owl") in 1626. He is historically known as one of the leading figures in the organisation of the first fleet of the Swedish Navy, both as a master shipbuilder and as a naval commander. As one of the most trusted merchants of the king, Olof made a fortune, and as one of the most prominent burghers in the city, he was appointed magistrate, member of a court of first instance, head of the goldsmith guild, and churchwarden at the Cathedral. Skeppar Olof died in 1555 and is buried in the cathedral (which he saved from the king's plans to demolish it). One of the many buildings he owned was located between the alley and Österlånggatan, in 1628 referred to as "Schepar Olofz huus i Olof Grelsons g"["ränd"] ("House of Skipper Olof in the alley of Olof Grelson"), and in 1597 subject to his widow's distribution of the estate. The skipper in question might have lived in the medieval building on the right side directly after the vault.
In the alley is a memorial tile dedicated to Sara Wacklin (1790–1846), a teacher and writer who was born in Uleåborg, moved to Stockholm in 1843, and lived and eventually died in the alley. She is mostly remembered for her book "Hundrade minnen från Österbotten" ("A Hundred memories from Ostrobothnia", 1844–45) which deals with the fate of Finland following the Swedish defeat in the Finnish War of 1807-1809, and condemns those who "longed for war without having seen its atrocities".

</doc>
<doc id="9686723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686723" title="Damien Gregorini">
Damien Gregorini

Damien Grégorini (born March 2, 1979 in Nice, France) is a French professional football (soccer) player, currently with AS Nancy. He is tall 1.94 meters and weighs 90 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="9686739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686739" title="Prefectural road">
Prefectural road

A in Japan is a road numbered by the prefecture, independent of other prefectures.
These roads are marked with a blue hexagon, with the number centered. Most usually end at another prefectural road, or national route, or occasionally at or very close to a Japan Railway station.
If a prefectural road does cross into another prefecture, even if for a few hundred feet, its number is not reused by the prefecture it crosses into. Numbers are used only once in each prefecture, regardless of where the road begins or ends. 
Some prefectural roads will also at times run for a short distance concurrent with a national route, but it is more common to see this with other prefectural roads. 
Numbers used for national routes that run through a prefecture are often duplicated by prefectural routes but a national route and a prefectural route bearing the same number rarely if ever meet or cross each other. 

</doc>
<doc id="9686779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686779" title="Ryton Pools Country Park">
Ryton Pools Country Park

<noinclude>
Ryton Pools Country Park is a country park one mile (1.6 km) south west of the village of Ryton on Dunsmore in Warwickshire, England. The park occupies an area of about and contains four pools, the largest of which covers approximately . Ryton Woods, situated next to the country park, is a Site of Special Scientific Interest nature reserve owned by Warwickshire Wildlife Trust that is also open to the public. Professional park rangers are employed to look after the varied flora and fauna of the park as well as the general maintenance of pathways and buildings. 
The park is run by Warwickshire County Council with half in Rugby Borough and half in Warwick District boundary.
The area of the park containing the pools is reasonably flat and suitable for wheelchair access. However there are steeper gradients in the Ryton Wood nature reserve which, combined with the rougher tracks, make it less suitable for wheelchair users.
History.
The park was a set of fields until 1965 when the land was purchased and used as a landfill site for the nearby towns of Leamington Spa, Rugby and Coventry. Waste was dumped there for 27 years until 1992 when work started on developing part of the site into a country park, which included the flooding of the pits. The park officially opened in 1996 with over 2,500 trees and shrubs being planted. In the late 1990s the remainder of the landfill site was filled in and new pools were created, as well as the provision of several portable metal cabins to act as information centres. These were superseded by better and more permanent wooden ones in 2002, although the metal ones are still in use.
Facilities.
The grounds have official opening times which vary according to the seasons; however, visitors can enter the park on-foot outside these hours if they wish. There are two car parks in the park, and there is currently a flat rate charge of £2.50 for any vehicle to enter the park. Public transport to the park is extremely limited.
Facilities at the park include a visitor centre/cafe and gift shop, two children's play areas for different ages of children, a bird hide,miles of pathed and unpathed walks, and fishing facilities and a miniature railway run by the Coventry Model Engineering Society. The railway is around 610 metres (2000ft or so) long and operates for the public every Sunday afternoon (1pm-4pm) from Easter until the end of September. Train rides are £1 per person per ride with the journey lasting around 6 minutes or so. Trains are hauled by either a steam or diesel locomotive. (All trains run weather permitting). 
The park also organises events for children such as parties, birds of prey spotting, "creepy crawly club", nest box building, and "prams in the park" (walking for parents with babies). There is a bird hide located by one of the pools where visitors can observe the wildlife in relative quite.
Energy from methane.
A methane-powered electricity generator is situated in the park. It uses the methane which results from the decomposition of the organic rubbish that was dumped nearby when the area was used as a landfill site. In one year it provides the National Grid with enough electricity to run the equivalent of 18 secondary schools or roughly 2,000 houses. Information about the project, which is intended primarily for school children but interesting for adults too, is available within the generator building where there is also an opportunity to see the generators themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="9686807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686807" title="Sue Holloway">
Sue Holloway

Susan ("Sue") Holloway (born May 19, 1955 in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian cross country skier who competed in the late 1970s and sprint kayaker who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Holloway became the first woman and first Canadian to compete in both Summer and Winter Games in the same year, in the 1976 Winter Olympics in cross-country skiing and 1976 Summer Olympics in canoe sprint.
She attended Simon Fraser University, competing for their swim team, and earning a physical education degree there. Holloway won two medals in canoe sprint at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles with a silver in the K-2 500 m and a bronze in the K-4 500 m events.
In cross country skiing at the 1976 Winter Games in Innsbruck, she finished 32nd in the 10 km and seventh in the 4 x 5 km relay.
Holloway was inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 1986.
In 2002, she married Greg Joy, silver medalist in the men's high jump at the 1976 Summer Games in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="9686832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686832" title="SCW Southwest Heavyweight Championship">
SCW Southwest Heavyweight Championship

The SWCW Southwest Heavyweight Championship was the top singles title of Southwest Championship Wrestling for most of its existence. It was established as the SWCW Southwest Television Championship in 1978 and was renamed in February 1979, and it lasted until the promotion was sold to Texas All-Star Wrestling in 1985, at which point the title was abandoned.
Title history.
"Silver areas in the history indicate periods of unknown lineage."

</doc>
<doc id="9686833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686833" title="Kim (footballer)">
Kim (footballer)

Carlos Henrique Dias, nicknamed Kim (born June 22, 1980 in Juiz de Fora) is a Brazilian professional football (soccer) player, who currently plays at Joinville in the striker position.
He previously played for Atlético Mineiro in his home country of Brazil, Al-Ahli in Saudi Arabia and AS Nancy in France.
Playing career.
Atlético Mineiro.
Kim started his professional career at Atlético Mineiro at the age of just 20. He played professionally for the club for three years in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A before moving to Saudi Arabia in 2003. Overall he played in 55 league matches for the Belo Horizonte club, netting 10 goals.
In his first season he helped the club win their 38th Campeonato Mineiro title.
AS Nancy.
Kim arrived in Nancy in 2005 after a short spell in Saudi Arabia with Al-Ahli. Kim arrived at AS Nancy just after they won promotion to Ligue 1 after finishing first in Ligue 2. In his first season at the club he helped them reach the final of the Coupe de la Ligue against OGC Nice. Kim started the game at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis and went on to score the game's winning goal in the 65th minute. He was taken off in the 90th minute to rapturous applause. 
This propelled the team into the UEFA Cup in 2007 with the club reaching the Round of 16 before being knocked out by Shakhtar Donetsk.
Overall Kim's time in France was less successful only netting 11 time in 74 Ligue 1 appearances.
Al-Arabi.
At the end of the 2007-08 Ligue 1 season, Kim left AS Nancy for Al-Arabi in Doha, Qatar. In his first season with the club he helped them lift the Qatar Sheikh Jassem Cup. In that season, he helped them finish 6th in the Qatar Stars League.

</doc>
<doc id="9686835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686835" title="Junko Kusayanagi">
Junko Kusayanagi


</doc>
<doc id="9686849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686849" title="Overnight Capital Cost">
Overnight Capital Cost

Overnight capital cost is a term typically used in the power generation industry to describe the cost of building a power plant overnight. The term is useful to compare the economic feasibility of building various plants. The overnight capital cost does not take into account financing costs or escalation, and hence is not an actual estimate of construction cost.
Investors in the energy industry typically look to the Levelized Cost of Energy (LCOE) for comparing generation technologies (e.g. solar, natural gas) in the long term, as it includes ongoing fuel, maintenance, and operation costs. The U.S. Department of Energy tracks and makes publicly available levelized cost of energy figures for competing technologies. These figures will vary substantially in other countries due to different energy policies and domestic energy sources.

</doc>
<doc id="9686863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686863" title="New Hampshire Liberty Forum">
New Hampshire Liberty Forum

The New Hampshire Liberty Forum is an annual liberty conference hosted by the Free State Project. It has attracted as speakers the likes of U.S. Presidential candidates, a sitting U.S. Senator, a sitting U.S. Representative, state legislators, and directors of numerous policy institutes.
In addition to catering to a wide variety of liberty-minded interests, the conference also serves as a way by which the Free State Project can showcase New Hampshire to prospective participants as a hotbed of pro-liberty activism.
2014 conference.
The 2014 conference was held from February 20 to 23, 2014 at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Nashua, New Hampshire.
2013 conference.
The 2013 conference was held from February 21 to 24, 2013 at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Nashua, New Hampshire.
2012 conference.
The 2012 conference was held from February 23 to 26. The Second Amendment Sisters of New Hampshire sponsored a firearm safety class and shoot, and the New Hampshire Liberty Alliance offered a tour of the New Hampshire State House.
2011 conference.
The 2011 conference was scheduled for February 24–27 in Nashua, New Hampshire but in December 2010, it was announced by Free State Project President Varrin Swearingen that the 2011 conference would be canceled. A primary reason for the cancellation included slow ticket sales after the event announcement was delayed partially due to the keynote speaker unexpectedly backing out.
2010 conference.
The 2010 conference was held from March 18 through March 21 in Nashua, New Hampshire, at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Additionally, members of the Liberty Caravan (libertycaravan.org) spoke about their journey to New Hampshire.
2009 conference.
The 2009 conference was held from March 5 through March 8 in Nashua, New Hampshire, at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
2008 conference.
The 2008 conference was held from January 3 through January 6 in Nashua at the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Moved to first weekend in January based on predicted New Hampshire primary date of Tuesday, January 8, 2008, which came to pass.
"Slogan: Moving Liberty Forward"
2007 conference.
Held in Concord, from February 22 to February 25, 2007. 
"Slogan: Attaining Personal and Economic Freedom in America's Freest State"

</doc>
<doc id="9686874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686874" title="Moses Scurry">
Moses Scurry

Moses Scurry (b. 14 June 1968 ) is a former college and professional basketball player.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Scurry played power forward for the UNLV Runnin' Rebels during the 1988-89 and 1989-90 seasons. The Rebels beat Duke University 103-73 to win the title game of the 1990 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Scurry appeared on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" the following week. 
Primarily coming off the bench as the sixth man during UNLV's championship season, Scurry was a favorite among UNLV fans and fellow players because of his animated, shouting style when grabbing rebounds, and was the team's leading rebounder during the 1989 NCAA tournament, pulling down 10.3 per game.
Scurry played in the Japan Basketball League, where he won the MVP award and led Kumagai to the league title in 1992.
In 1994-95, Scurry spent six months in jail for his role in a carjacking in which another man was shot. After his release, he returned to Japan to play professional basketball for another season. He later joined the Las Vegas Silver Bandits of the International Basketball League.
Scurry has two daughters, Asia and Diamond, and a son, Malik. Also, his older brother, Carey Scurry played three years in the NBA, with the Utah Jazz and New York Knicks

</doc>
<doc id="9686890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686890" title="Sophie Ellis-Bextor discography">
Sophie Ellis-Bextor discography

The discography of Sophie Ellis-Bextor, an English pop music singer, consists of five studio albums, one extended play, one video album, twenty-one singles (including eight as a featured performer) and seventeen music videos. Ellis-Bextor debuted in 1997 as frontwoman of the indie music group theaudience, whose single "I Know Enough (I Don't Get Enough)" reached the top twenty-five on the United Kingdom singles chart.
Her solo debut album, "Read My Lips", was released in September 2001. The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The record experienced international success; it sold more than 1.5 million albums worldwide. It produced four singles, three of which reached the top three in the UK. Ellis-Bextor's second album, "Shoot from the Hip", was released in October 2003. The album reached number nineteen in the UK and produced two top ten singles. "Trip the Light Fantastic", her third album, was released in May 2007. It album reached number seven in the UK. The album produced three singles, one of which reached the top ten in the UK.
In 2009, Ellis-Bextor collaborated with dance music group Freemasons on the single "Heartbreak (Make Me a Dancer)", which reached the top 20 in the UK. Her fourth studio album, "Make a Scene" was released in 2011, charting at number 33 on the UK Albums Chart.
For her fifth studio album, "Wanderlust", Ellis-Bextor moved to a different style. The album, filled with ballads and folk songs, was released on January 20, 2014 and debuted at number 4 in the UK and at number one on the UK Indie Albums chart. The lead single, "Young Blood", also made the top forty on the Official Singles Chart and top five on the Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9686893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686893" title="List of griffins as mascots and in heraldry">
List of griffins as mascots and in heraldry

The Griffin (or Gryphon) is a legendary creature with the body of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle. Combining the attributes of the "King of the Beasts" and the "King of the Air", it was thought to be especially powerful and majestic. Griffins appear widely as school sports team mascots, in heraldry and in corporate logos.
National symbols.
The coat of arms of Latvia has a griffin on the shield and a griffin as a supporter. The griffin on the shield is holding a sword and is the symbol of Vidzeme and Latgale (Eastern Latvia), one of the historical territories making up modern day Latvia.
Subdivisional and Municipal coats of arms.
Some municipalities have griffins derived from state or county arms, "e.g." many towns in the ancient province of Pomerania in Germany (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) and Poland (Pomeranian Voivodeship and West Pomeranian Voivodeship) have the Pomeranian griffin in their arms.

</doc>
<doc id="9686913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686913" title="Nigerian Communications Commission">
Nigerian Communications Commission

The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) is the independent regulatory body for the Nigerian telecommunications industry. The NCC was created under Decree number 75 by the Federal Military Government of Nigeria on 24 November 1992. The NCC was charged with the responsibility of regulating the supply of telecommunications services and facilities, promoting competition, and setting performance standards for telephone services in Nigeria.
Organizational structure.
The commission is headed by a board of nine commissioners, composed of the Chairman, the Executive Vice Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, two Executive Officers, and five non-executive commissioners.
There are five directorates, fourteen departments, and five units. All these offices report to the office of the chief executive.

</doc>
<doc id="9686926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686926" title="Yosvani Aguilera">
Yosvani Aguilera

Yosvany Aguilera Zamora (born January 6, 1975 in Granma) is a boxer from Cuba.
He participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics for his native Caribbean country. There he was stopped in the second round of the light-flyweight (– 48 kg) division by Philippines' eventual runner-up Mansueto Velasco. Aguilera also competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Aguilera won the bronze medal in the featherweight (– 57 kg) division at the Pan American Games in Santo Domingo.

</doc>
<doc id="9686937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686937" title="WFBM">
WFBM

WFBM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9686955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9686955" title="Abhisheka">
Abhisheka

Abhisheka / Abhishekam (also "abhiseka, abhiṣeka" ~ amongst other such transliterations) is a Sanskrit term akin to puja, yagya and arati that denotes: a devotional activity; an enacted prayer, rite of passage and/or religious rite or ritual. Within this range of senses, "abhiṣeka" is common to all Dharmic faiths such as Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. In monarchy, the royal coronation ceremony is called "rajyabhishek".
Abhisheka as a ritual.
Abhisheka, also called Abhishekam, is conducted by priests, by pouring libations on the image of the deity being worshipped, amidst the chanting of mantras. Usually, offerings such as milk, yogurt, ghee, honey, Panchaamrutam, sesame oil, rosewater, sandalwood paste may be poured among other offerings depending on the type of abhishekam being performed. This ritual is routinely performed in some Hindu and Jain temples. "Rudraabhisheka" (रुद्राभिषेक) ("Abhisheka of Rudra") is performed on Shiva lingams.
Hinduism.
Abhisheka is the name given to a late Vedic rite of anointing government officials, particularly heads of state, at the time of their taking power or to mark a signal achievement. It is also the bathing ceremony and anointing performed on certain festival days for the temple deities.
Indo-Tibetan Buddhism.
In the Indo-Tibetan Buddhist tradition, an abhisheka can be a method for performing esoteric transmission, a way to offer blessings of a lineage to participants, or it can be an empowerment to begin a particular meditation practice.
It originally was used as a consecration rite. Water from the four oceans was poured out of golden jars onto the head of the royalty. It was used during the monarch's accession ceremony and also his investiture ceremony.
Tantric Buddhism.
The abhiseka rite is a prelude for initiation into mystical teaching. There are four classes of abhiseaka, each being associated with one of the four Tantras. They are "master consecration", "secret consecration", "knowledge of prajna", and "the fourth consecration".
Shingon Buddhism.
The in Shingon Buddhism is the initiation ritual used to confirm that a student of esoteric Buddhism has now graduated to a higher level of practice. The kanji used literally mean "pouring from the peak", which poetically describes the process of passing on the master's teachings to the student. The ritual was popular in China during the Tang Dynasty, and Kukai, founder of Shingon, studied there extensively before introducing this ritual to the Japanese Buddhist establishment of the time. A separate initiation ritual exists for the general public called the , and symbolizes their initiation into esoteric Buddhism. This ritual is generally only offered at Mt. Koya in Wakayama Prefecture in Japan, but it can be offered under qualified masters and under proper auspices outside Japan, albeit very rarely.
The Shingon ritual utilizes one of the two Mandala of the Two Realms, depending on the occasion. In esoteric ritual, after the student receives the Samaya precepts, the teacher of the esoteric Buddhism assumes the role of the teacher, usually Mahavairocana Buddha, while the master and student repeat specific mantras in a form of dialogue taken from esoteric Buddhist sutras. The student, who is blindfolded, then throws a flower upon the Mandala that is constructed, and where it lands (i.e. which deity) helps dictate where the student should focus his devotion on the esoteric path. From there, the student's blindfold is removed and a vajra is placed in hand.

</doc>
<doc id="9687010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687010" title="Edgar Muñoz">
Edgar Muñoz

Edgar Ramón Muñoz Mata (born December 22, 1983) is a boxer from Venezuela, who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native South American country.
Muñoz won the bronze medal in the same division in 2003 at the Pan American Games in Santo Domingo. He qualified for the Olympic Games by ending up in first place at the 1st AIBA American 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Tijuana, Mexico.
At the Olympics he upset Marijo Šivolija but was stopped in the second round of the Light heavyweight (81 kg) division by Belarus' eventual runner-up Magomed Aripgadjiev.

</doc>
<doc id="9687062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687062" title="Seasteading">
Seasteading

Seasteading is the concept of creating permanent dwellings at sea, called seasteads, outside the territory claimed by the government of any standing nation. Most proposed seasteads have been modified cruising vessels. Other proposed structures have included a refitted oil platform, a decommissioned anti-aircraft platform, and custom-built floating islands. No one has created a state on the high seas that has been recognized as a sovereign nation, although the Principality of Sealand is a disputed micronation formed on a discarded sea fort near Suffolk, England.
The closest things to a seastead that have been built so far are large ocean-going ships sometimes called "floating cities", and smaller floating islands.
The term combines the words "sea" and "homesteading". At least two people independently began using it: Ken Neumeyer in his book "Sailing the Farm" (1981) and Wayne Gramlich in his article "Seasteading – Homesteading on the High Seas" (1998). 
Legal issues.
Outside the Exclusive Economic Zone of , which countries can claim according to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the high seas are not subject to the laws of any sovereign nation other than the flag under which a ship sails. Examples of organizations using this possibility are Women on Waves, enabling abortions for women in countries where abortions are subject to strict laws, and offshore radio stations which were anchored in international waters. Like these organizations, a seastead would take advantage of the absence of laws and regulations outside the sovereignty of nations, and choose from among a variety of alternate legal systems such as those underwritten by Las Portadas.
"When Seasteading becomes a viable alternative, switching from one government to another would be a matter of sailing to the other without even leaving your house," said Patri Friedman at the first annual Seasteading conference.
The Seasteading Institute.
The Seasteading Institute (TSI), founded by Wayne Gramlich and Patri Friedman on April 15, 2008, is an organization formed to facilitate the establishment of autonomous, mobile communities on seaborne platforms operating in international waters. Gramlich’s 1998 article "SeaSteading – Homesteading on the High Seas" outlined the notion of affordable steading, and attracted the attention of Friedman with his proposal for a small-scale project. The two began working together and posted their first collaborative book online in 2001, which explored aspects of seasteading from waste disposal to flags of convenience.
The project picked up mainstream exposure in 2008 after having been brought to the attention of PayPal cofounder Peter Thiel, who contributed $500,000 to fund the creation of The Seasteading Institute and has since spoken out on behalf of its viability, as seen in his essay "The Education of a Libertarian", published online by Cato Unbound. The Seasteading Institute has received widespread media attention from sources such as CNN, "Wired", "Prospect", "The Economist" Business Insider, and BBC American journalist John Stossel wrote an article about seasteading in February 2011 and hosted Patri Friedman on his show on the Fox Business Network.
On July 31, 2011, Friedman stepped down from the role of executive director, and became chairman of the board. Friedman was replaced by Randolph Hencken. Concomitantly, the institute's directors of business strategy and legal strategy went on to start Blueseed, the first commercial seasteading venture.
Between May 31 and June 2, 2012, The Seasteading Institute held its third annual conference.
In the Spring of 2013, the Institute launched The Floating City Project, which combines principles of both seasteading and startup cities, by seeking to locate a floating city within the territorial waters of an existing nation. Historically, The Seasteading Institute has looked to international waters for the freedom to establish new nations and spur competitive governance from the outside. However, they are now seeking a host nation because they posit a) It is less expensive to engineer a seastead for relatively calm, shallow waters compared with the open ocean outside of territorial waters; b) it will be easier for residents to travel to and from the seastead, as well as to acquire goods and services from existing supply chains; and c) a host nation will provide a place for a floating city within the existing international legal framework, with the associated protections and responsibilities. The Institute raised $27,082 from 291 funders in crowdfunding campaign and commissioned DeltaSync to design a floating city concept for The Floating City Project. In December 2013, the concept report was published. The Seasteading Institute has also been collecting data from potential residents through a survey housed at www.floating-city.org
Designs.
Retrofitted cruise ships.
The first seasteads are projected to be cruise ships adapted for semi-permanent habitation. Cruise ships are a proven technology, and they address most of the challenges of living at sea for extended periods of time. The cost of the first shipstead was estimated at $10M.
Spar platform.
The Seasteading Institute has been working on communities floating above the sea in spar buoys, similar to oil platforms. The project would start small, using proven technology as much as possible, and try to find viable, sustainable ways of running a seastead. Innovations that enable full-time living at sea will have to be developed. The cruise ship industry's development suggests this may be possible.
A proposed design for a custom-built seastead is a floating dumbbell in which the living area is high above sea level, which minimizes the influence of waves. In 2004, research was documented in an online book that covers living on the oceans.
The Seasteading Institute focuses on three areas: building a community, doing research and building the first seastead in the San Francisco Bay. In January 2009, the Seasteading Institute patented a design for a 200-person resort seastead, ClubStead, about a city block in size, produced by consultancy firm Marine Innovation & Technology. ClubStead marked the first major development in hard engineering, from extensive analysis to simulations, of the seasteading movement.
Modular island.
At the Seasteading Institute Forum, an idea arose to create an island from modules. There are several different designs for the modules, with a general consensus that reinforced concrete is the most proven, sustainable and cost-effective material for seastead structures, as indicated by use in oil platforms and concrete submarines.
Other.
Many architects and firms have created designs for floating cities, including Vincent Callebaut, Paolo Soleri and companies as Shimizu and Tangram 3DS. Marshall Savage also discussed building tethered artificial islands in his book , with several color plates illustrating his ideas. Some design competitions companies such as Evolo have also yielded designs.
Progress.
Friedman and Gramlich had hoped to float the first prototype seastead in the San Francisco Bay by 2010 but current plans are to launch a seastead by 2014. The Seasteading Institute projects that in 2014, the seasteading population will exceed 150 individuals.
Conferences.
The Seasteading Institute held its first conference in Burlingame, California, October 10, 2008. 45 people from 9 countries attended.
The second Seasteading conference was significantly larger, and held in San Francisco, California, September 28–30, 2009.
The third Seasteading conference took place on May 31 - June 2, 2012. Speakers included Patri Friedman, Patrick Kenji Takahashi, and Max Marty.
Ephemerisle.
The first "Ephemerisle" event was held October 2–4, 2009, on the Sacramento River delta in California by The Seasteading Institute. A second Ephemerisle event scheduled for July 22–25, 2010, was canceled by organizers. TSI cited "unexpectedly high insurance costs" as the reason and stated that it would indefinitely postpone plans for a future Ephemerisle to concentrate on its research initiatives. However, many attendees still gathered in the same location on the planned date for a grassroots community weekend consisting of informal presentations, talks and socializing.
Community-run Ephemerisle events continued annually on the Sacramento River delta in 2011 and 2012, and the 5th annual event is scheduled for July 10–14, 2013. Due to event growth, 2012 and 2013 featured multiple "islands" of houseboats, sailboats, platforms, and rafts tied together, each with different themes and cultures, embodying the seasteading concept of dynamic geography.
Spin-off projects.
Blueseed.
Blueseed is a company working on launching a ship near Silicon Valley which will serve as a visa-free startup community and entrepreneurial incubator. The shipstead will be offering living and office space, high-speed Internet connectivity, and regular ferry service to the mainland. The project aims to overcome the difficulty organizations face obtaining US work visas. It will use the easier B-1/B-2 visas to travel to the mainland, while work will be done on the ship. Blueseed founders Max Marty and Dario Mutabdzija met when both were employees of The Seasteading Institute.
Popular culture.
Seasteading has been imagined numerous times in pop culture in recent years. 

</doc>
<doc id="9687071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687071" title="Arlo Hemphill">
Arlo Hemphill

Arlo Hanlin Hemphill (born October 7, 1971 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American wilderness advocate. His educational background is in marine biology. Hemphill is a Fellow National of the Explorers Club and has been listed in "Nature" (Myers "et al." 2000) as one of 100+ global biodiversity experts, credited for his expertise pertaining to the Greater Caribbean and the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena biodiversity hotspots. He is best known for his involvement in regional-scale ocean conservation and was a founding steering committee member of the Deep Sea Conservation Coalition, the Forum for the Conservation of the Patagonian Sea and Areas of Influence, and the Sargasso Sea Alliance. 

</doc>
<doc id="9687089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687089" title="Lisdexamfetamine">
Lisdexamfetamine

Lisdexamfetamine dimesylate (L-lysine-dextroamphetamine dimesylate) is a psychostimulant prodrug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. Its molecular structure consists of dextroamphetamine coupled with the essential amino acid L-lysine. Lisdexamfetamine itself is inactive and acts as a prodrug to dextroamphetamine upon cleavage of the lysine portion of the molecule.
Lisdexamfetamine can be prescribed for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children six to twelve years and in adults as a part of a treatment program that may include other measures (i.e., psychological, educational, social). The safety and the efficacy of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate in people three to five years old have not been established. Lisdexamfetamine is also being investigated for possible treatment of major depressive disorder, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, excessive daytime sleepiness, and binge eating disorder.
In the United States lisdexamfetamine is a Schedule II controlled substance (DEA number 1205) and the aggregate production quota for 2014 is 23,750 kilograms of anhydrous acid or base. 
Uses.
Medical.
Lisdexamfetamine is used primarily as a treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and has similar off-label uses as those of other pharmaceutical amphetamines. 
Individuals over the age of 65 were not commonly tested in clinical trials of lisdexamfetamine. Therefore, there is insufficient data to determine how older individuals respond. People over the age of 65 should start on the low end of dosing schedules due to the prevalence of decreased hepatic function, decreased renal function, and comorbidities in this population.
Contraindications.
Pharmaceutical lisdexamfetamine dimesylate is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to amphetamine or any other ingredients that it contains. It is also contraindicated in in patients who have used a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) within the last 14 days. Amphetamine products are contraindicated by the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) in people with a history of drug abuse, heart disease, or severe agitation or anxiety, or in those currently experiencing arteriosclerosis, glaucoma, hyperthyroidism, or severe hypertension. The USFDA advises anyone with bipolar disorder, depression, elevated blood pressure, liver or kidney problems, mania, psychosis, Raynaud's phenomenon, seizures, thyroid problems, tics, or Tourette syndrome to monitor their symptoms while taking amphetamine. Amphetamine is classified in US pregnancy category C. This means that detriments to the fetus have been observed in animal studies and adequate human studies have not been conducted; amphetamine may still be prescribed to pregnant women if the potential benefits outweigh the risks. Amphetamine has also been shown to pass into breast milk, so the USFDA advises mothers to avoid breastfeeding when using it. Due to the potential for stunted growth, the USFDA advises monitoring the height and weight of children and adolescents prescribed amphetamines. Prescribing information approved by the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration further contraindicates anorexia.
Availability.
Lisdexamfetamine dimesylate is a white to off-white powder that is soluble in water
(792 mg/mL). Vyvanse capsules contain 20 mg, 30 mg, 40 mg, 50 mg, 60 mg, and
70 mg of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate and the following inactive ingredients: 
microcrystalline cellulose, croscarmellose sodium, and magnesium stearate. The 
capsule shells contain gelatin, titanium dioxide, and one or more of the following: FD&C
Red #3, FD&C Yellow #6, FD&C Blue #1, Black Iron Oxide, and Yellow Iron Oxide. 
Side effects.
Products containing lisdexamfetamine have a side effect profile comparable to those containing amphetamine.
Pharmacology.
Mechanism of action.
Lisdexamfetamine is an inactive prodrug that is converted in the body to dextroamphetamine, a pharmacologically active compound which is responsible for the drug’s activity. After oral ingestion, lisdexamfetamine is broken down by enzymes in red blood cells to form L-lysine, a naturally occurring essential amino acid, and dextroamphetamine. The conversion of lisdexamfetamine to dextroamphetamine is not affected by gastrointestinal pH and is unlikely to be affected by alterations in normal gastrointestinal transit times.
The optical isomers of amphetamine, i.e., dextroamphetamine and levoamphetamine, are TAAR1 agonists and vesicular monoamine transporter 2 inhibitors that can enter monoamine neurons; this allows them to release monoamine neurotransmitters (dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin, among others) from their storage sites and the presynaptic neuron, as well as prevent the reuptake of these neurotransmitters from the synaptic cleft.
Lisdexamfetamine was developed with the goal of providing a long duration of effect that is consistent throughout the day, with reduced potential for abuse. The attachment of the amino acid lysine slows down the relative amount of dextroamphetamine available to the blood stream. Because no free dextroamphetamine is present in lisdexamfetamine capsules, dextroamphetamine does not become available through mechanical manipulation, such as crushing or simple extraction. A relatively sophisticated biochemical process is needed to produce dextroamphetamine from lisdexamfetamine. As opposed to Adderall, which contains roughly equal parts of racemic amphetamine and dextroamphetamic salts, lisdexamfetamine is a single-enantiomer dextroamphetamine formula. Studies conducted show that lisdexamfetamine dimesylate may have less abuse potential than dextroamphetamine and an abuse profile similar to diethylpropion at dosages that are FDA-approved for treatment of ADHD, but still has a high abuse potential when this dosage is exceeded by over 100%.
History, society, and culture.
Lisdexamfetamine was developed by New River Pharmaceuticals, who were bought by Shire Pharmaceuticals shortly before lisdexamfetamine began being marketed. It was developed for the intention of creating a longer-lasting and less-easily-abused version of dextroamphetamine, as the requirement of conversion into dextroamphetamine via enzymes in the red blood cells increases its duration of action, regardless of the route of ingestion. The drug lisdexamfetamine dimesylate is the first prodrug of its kind.
On April 23, 2008, Vyvanse received FDA approval for the adult population. In a randomized, double-blind, four-week phase III trial in adult patients with ADHD, dosages of 30, 50 or 70 mg/day of oral lisdexamfetamine caused a significantly greater improvement in ADHD-Rating Scale total score than placebo. On February 19, 2009, Health Canada approved 30 mg and 50 mg capsules of lisdexamfetamine for treatment of ADHD. On February 8, 2012, Vyvanse received FDA approval for maintenance treatment of adult ADHD. In February 2014, Shire announced that two late-stage clinical trials had shown that Vyvanse was not an effective treatment for depression.
Brand names.
Lisdexamfetamine is sold as "Tyvense" (IE), "Elvanse" (UK), "Venvanse" (BR), "Vyvanse" (CA, US).

</doc>
<doc id="9687097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687097" title="Kovachevo, Stara Zagora Province">
Kovachevo, Stara Zagora Province

Kovachevo () is a village in southern Bulgaria, located in the municipality of Radnevo in the Stara Zagora Province.

</doc>
<doc id="9687104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687104" title="Vedran Đipalo">
Vedran Đipalo

Vedran Đipalo (born September 22, 1977 in Sinj, Split-Dalmacija) is a male boxer from Croatia best known to win a bronze medal at the Euro 2004.
Career.
Đipalo won the bronze medal at 201 lbs at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia. At the 2004 World University Boxing Championships he also won Bronze.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native European country. There he was beaten in the first round of the heavyweight (91 kg) division by Australia's Adam Forsyth.
External links.
&sports-reference

</doc>
<doc id="9687113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687113" title="De Zoom – Kalmthoutse Heide">
De Zoom – Kalmthoutse Heide

De Zoom – Kalmthoutse Heide, is a cross-border park on the Belgian-Dutch border. It is a merger of two former parks, the Kalmthoutse Heide in Belgium and De Zoom in the Netherlands), together extending over . A very large part of the park is covered with heath.
The park is managed by a special commission in which both Flemish and Dutch organisations are represented. The park is owned by the state of Flanders, the municipality Kalmthout, "Staatsbosbeheer", "Natuurmonumenten" and several private owners. The best known part of the border park lies in Belgium, in the north of the province of Antwerp (Kalmthout and Essen). The Dutch part lies in the municipality Woensdrecht (province North Brabant) and stretches from the border to the villages Huijbergen and Putte.

</doc>
<doc id="9687124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687124" title="Sergei Krylov">
Sergei Krylov

Sergei Krylov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9687132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687132" title="Ertuğrul Ergezen">
Ertuğrul Ergezen

Ertuğrul Ergezen (born July 20, 1978) is a boxer from Turkey, who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was disqualified against Wilmer Vasquez in the first round of the Heavyweight (91 kg) division.
Amateur.
Ergezen won the bronze medal in the same division six months earlier, at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.
Pro.
He won 4 fights in 2005 then retired.

</doc>
<doc id="9687133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687133" title="Black Hammer">
Black Hammer

Black Hammer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9687148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687148" title="Alexander Alexeev">
Alexander Alexeev

Alexander Vyacheslavovich Alekseev (, born April 30, 1981 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR) is a professional Cruiserweight boxer from Russia.
Amateur.
Southpaw Alekseev beat Jaroslavas Jakšto in the final of the World Military championships 2003.
He won a silver medal at the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships at 201 lbs losing to his nemesis Odlanier Solis Fonte.
Alekseev won the gold medal in the same division at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.
The participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was narrowly defeated in the first round of the Heavyweight (91 kg) division by Cuba's eventual winner Odlanier Solis Fonte.
He won a gold medal at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships after Solis moved up in weight.
Pro.
He turned pro in Germany as a Cruiserweight in January 2006 and he defeated Tomas Mrazek with a first round knockout in his first fight.
Alexeev won his first 16 pro fights, winning 15 by knockout, before suffering his first loss at the hands of Victor Emilio Ramirez in his 17th pro bout in January 2009.
He was slated to fight Garrett Wilson on February 22, 2013 in Galaţi, Romania for the IBF Cruiserweight title eliminator. Alexeev won via unanimous decision becoming the mandatory for the IBF world title (currently held by Yoan Pablo Hernández).
The bout with Hernández took place on November 23, 2013 in Germany with the IBF Cruiserweight title on the line. Alexeev lost via tenth-round knockout.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9687151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687151" title="Rurka, Gryfino County">
Rurka, Gryfino County

Rurka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately north-east of Chojna, south of Gryfino, and south of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9687153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687153" title="Tsugumi Higasayama">
Tsugumi Higasayama


</doc>
<doc id="9687157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687157" title="Black Beetle">
Black Beetle

Black Beetle or black beetle may refer to:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="9687169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687169" title="Evgeny Makarenko">
Evgeny Makarenko

Yevgeny Mikhaylovich Makarenko (born 10 October 1975) is a boxer from Russia best known to win two world titles 2001 and 2003 at light heavyweight, and him being a part of the 2005 Russian team at the Boxing World Cup.
Career.
Makarenko won a bronze in 1998 and dominated light heavyweight between 2001 and 2006.
In 2005 he was part of the Russian team that won the 2005 Boxing World Cup.
He won gold medals at 
He also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics but was upset in the quarterfinals of the Light heavyweight (81 kg) division by USA's eventual winner Andre Ward.
2006 he beat highly touted newcomer Artur Beterbiev but lost to him in 2007 hindering from participating in the World Championships.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9687183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687183" title="CJXK-FM">
CJXK-FM

CJXK-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting on 95.3 FM in Cold Lake, Alberta. Owned by Newcap Broadcasting, the station broadcasts a classic rock format branded as 95.3 K-Rock.
The station originally began broadcasting in 1979 on the frequency 1340 kHz (AM), until it received approval by the CRTC in 2003 to move to the FM dial, which officially happened in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9687190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687190" title="Ikejiri-Ōhashi Station">
Ikejiri-Ōhashi Station

Station layout.
The station consists of two underground side platforms.
History.
The station opened on April 7, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="9687199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687199" title="List of Canadians of English descent">
List of Canadians of English descent

The number of Canadians who are of English descent is largely unknowable given the propensity of many Canadians to use the term "English Canadian" or "English-Canadian" to mean anglophone Canadian .

</doc>
<doc id="9687201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687201" title="Aleksy Kuziemski">
Aleksy Kuziemski

Aleksy Kuziemski (born 9 May 1977 in Świecie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian) is a Polish Light heavyweight professional boxer.
Amateur.
Kuziemski won the bronze medal at light heavy at the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships, and another bronze at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was beaten in the first round of the Light heavyweight (81 kg) division by Kazakhstan's Beibut Shumenov, who is currently WBA Light Heavyweight Champion.
Pro.
As a pro he has won 17 times and scored 4 KOs. On August 22, 2009, he was knocked out by German Jürgen Brähmer when he was fighting for the interim WBO light heavyweight title.

</doc>
<doc id="9687204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687204" title="Mount Gilbert Community College">
Mount Gilbert Community College

Mount Gilbert Community College was a mixed, non-denominational secondary school created in 1993 as an amalgamation of Forth River and Cairnmartin secondary schools. It had about 500 pupils then, but the number dropped to half that in 2001. The Belfast Education and Library Board recommended its closure and Maria Eagle, Education Minister announced that the school would close by the end of August 2007.
Located at 237 Ballygomartin Road, the school was based in the Shankill area of Belfast. The main alternative school is Castle High School, just off the Shore Road on Fortwilliam Park.
References.
It was an amalgamation of Forth Bridge High School and Cairnmartin Community High School NOT Forth River

</doc>
<doc id="9687234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687234" title="William Alfred Weber">
William Alfred Weber

William Alfred Weber (born 1918), is Professor Emeritus at the University of Colorado at Boulder, and former curator of the University of Colorado Museum Herbarium (Index Herbariorum designation COLO).

</doc>
<doc id="9687254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687254" title="Finnan haddie">
Finnan haddie

Finnan haddie, also known as Finnan haddock and Finnan or Findrum speldings, is cold-smoked haddock, representative of a regional method of smoking with green wood and peat in north-east Scotland. Its origin is the subject of a debate, as some sources attribute the origin to the hamlet of Findon, Aberdeenshire, (also sometimes called Finnan) near Aberdeen, while others insist that the name is a corruption of the village name of Findhorn at the mouth of the River Findhorn in Moray. The "dispute" goes back to the eighteenth century, although it is hard to trace, as adherents fail to acknowledge even the possibility of the alternative view (except for the etymology note in the Oxford English Dictionary). It may have been a popular dish in Aberdeenshire since at least as early as the 1640s.
Although known and admired in Scotland for a long time, Finnan haddie became a popular food item in London only in the 1830s. In earlier times, because of the light smoking that the fish received, it did not have a long shelf life—by most contemporary estimates, at most three days (although some suggested no more than one day). Thus, although the fish was often available in Aberdeen "within twelve hours of being ", the distance to London was at that time nearly insurmountable if spoilage was to be avoided. The fish started making its first appearances in London when shipped by established mail coach, but became widely available with the construction of the railway link connecting Aberdeen to London in the 1840s. The association with Findon became strong because of the Aberdeen connection. Occasionally, confusion was so deep that "Findon" was referred to as "Findhorn".
Finnan has long association with the traditional Scottish fish soup, Cullen skink in which almost all old Scottish Recipe books cite Finnan Haddie as the smoked haddock to be used for Cullen skink.
The traditional preparation is to roast or grill the whole pieces of fish over high heat. Finnan haddie is also often served poached in milk for breakfast and is an important part of traditional kedgeree and the Arnold Bennett omelet.
Finnan haddie is referenced, in a sexual "double entendre", in the Cole Porter song "My Heart Belongs to Daddy". It is also mentioned in Otto Preminger's 1953 comedy, "The Moon Is Blue".

</doc>
<doc id="9687263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687263" title="Jive (publisher)">
Jive (publisher)


</doc>
<doc id="9687265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687265" title="The One and Only">
The One and Only

The One and Only may refer to:
In film and television:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="9687272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687272" title="Hilo Stars">
Hilo Stars

The Hilo Stars were a minor league baseball team in the Hawaii Winter Baseball league. They were based in Hilo, Hawaii. They played their home games at Vulcan Field and Wong Stadium. Former players include Ichiro Suzuki, Bill Mueller, Adam Kenedy, Shane Spencer, Preston Wilson, R.A. Dickey, Tsuyoshi Shinjo

</doc>
<doc id="9687276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687276" title="Asian Canadian">
Asian Canadian

Asian Canadians ancestry refers to Canadians who can trace their ancestry back to the continent of Asia or the Asian people. Canadians of Asian ancestry comprise the largest visible minority group in Canada, at 15% of the Canadian population, and is the fastest growing. Most "Asian Canadians" are concentrated in the urban areas of Southern Ontario, the Greater Vancouver area, Calgary, and other large Canadian cities. In Canada, the term 'Asian' is pan-continental, in contrast to its usage in other English-speaking countries. 
History.
Canada has a long history of East Asian immigration. During the 19th century, many Chinese arrived to take part in the British Columbia gold rushes and later for the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The Chinese who came from Guangdong Province helped build the Canadian Pacific Railway through the Fraser Canyon. Many Japanese people arrived in the 1890s and became fishermen and merchants in British Columbia. In 1923, the federal government passed the Chinese Immigration Act of 1923, which banned all Chinese immigration, and led to immigration restrictions for all East Asians. In 1947, the act was repealed. 
During and after the Vietnam War and the Korean War, a large wave of Vietnamese and Korean refugees began arriving in Canada. The Canadian Parliament created the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada in 1985 to better address issues surrounding Canada-Asia relations, including trade, citizenship and immigration. When Hong Kong reverted to mainland Chinese rule, people emigrated and found new homes in Canada. 
In recent decades, a large number of people have come to Canada from India. 
Today, Asian Canadians form a significant minority within the population, and over 5 million Asians call Canada their home.
Demographics.
Based on 2011 census, there are 5.01 million Asian Canadian with the following ethnic identities.
West Central Asian and Middle Eastern origins: 778,465
South Asian origins: 1,615,925
East and South East Asian origins: 2,650,000
The Asian Canadian population by province or territory according to the 2011 Census.
Top 20 of Asian Canadian Demographics according to the 2011 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="9687278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687278" title="Kevin Greene (politician)">
Kevin Greene (politician)

Kevin Patrick Greene (born 18 October 1958), is a former Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. He has a Diploma of Teaching and a Bachelor of Education and was a teacher before running for Parliament. Greene was NSW Minister for Gaming and Racing, Minister for Sport and Recreation, and Minister for Major Events.
Greene represented Georges River from 1999 until its abolition in 2007, when he was elected as the member for Oatley.
Greene lost his seat in the New South Wales state election, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9687282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687282" title="St. Andrews Bay">
St. Andrews Bay

St. Andrews Bay can refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="9687294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687294" title="Rail Accident Investigation Branch">
Rail Accident Investigation Branch

The Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) is a government agency that became operational on 17 October 2005. Its primary role is the investigation of rail accidents in the United Kingdom and the Channel Tunnel in order to find a cause, not to lay blame. The agency has operational centres in The Wharf, a facility in Derby, East Midlands, and in Farnborough. Previously its southern office was in Woking, Surrey. The RAIB has this setup so that the RAIB can quickly respond to rail accidents in any part of the United Kingdom. The Chief Inspector and Deputy Chief Inspector operate out of both Derby and Farnborough offices. Each site has two inspectorate teams and its own operational support staff.
Creation and remit.
The Cullen Report into the Ladbroke Grove rail crash in 1999 recommended the establishment of an accident investigation body within the Department for Transport along the same lines as the Marine Accident Investigation Branch and the Air Accident Investigation Branch, bodies that have distinguished themselves by their professionalism and objectivity.
So in 2003 Parliament legislated - in the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003 - to create the RAIB as an independent body charged solely with establishing the facts of the case and assessing and evaluating causes, but not apportioning blame or establishing liability; nor does the RAIB enforce safety law or conduct prosecutions.
The RAIB also satisfies the government's duty under European Legislation (European Railway Safety Directive 2004/49/EC) to provide an independent rail accident investigation body.
The RAIB has its remit laid down in law by The Railways (Accident Investigation and Reporting) Regulations 2005, which principally require the branch to investigate any accident or dangerous occurrence that results in:
The RAIB has authority to investigate any accident that occurs on any of the following railway transport systems, but especially investigates those that may have implications for railway safety or those that "...under slightly different circumstances, may have resulted in an accident.":
Before October 2005, railway accidents were investigated by Her Majesty's Railway Inspectorate (which in 1990 became part of the Health and Safety Executive but is now part of the Office of Rail Regulation), and the British Transport Police (if there were grounds for suspecting the commission of a crime, which in some cases there were). Whilst the police must always be involved when there may have been a crime, the involvement of HMRI as the principal safety investigating agency attracted criticism on the grounds that the HSE might be investigating itself, if, for example, the HSE had approved a track layout or a signaling scheme later suspected to have been at fault.
Chief Inspector.
The Chief Inspector of the RAIB is Carolyn Griffiths, a railway engineer who has worked in the past in Singapore, Sweden and, in the mid-1990s, at the Office of Rail Regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="9687304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687304" title="Spread of Islam in Indonesia">
Spread of Islam in Indonesia

Islam was brought into Indonesia by traders from Gujarat, India during the eleventh century, although Muslims had visited the archipelago early in the Muslim era. By the end of the 16th century, Islam, through conversion, had surpassed Hinduism and Buddhism as the dominant religion of the peoples of Java and Sumatra. Bali retained a Hindu-practising majority, while the eastern islands remained largely animist until the 17th and 18th centuries when Christianity became predominant in those areas.
The spread of Islam was initially driven by increasing trade links outside of the archipelago. Traders and the royalty of major kingdoms were usually the first to adopt the Islam. Dominant kingdoms included Mataram in Central Java, and the sultanates of Ternate and Tidore in the Maluku Islands to the east. By the end of the thirteenth century, Islam had been established in North Sumatra; by the fourteenth in northeast Malaya, Brunei, the southern Philippines and among some courtiers of East Java; and the fifteenth in Malacca and other areas of the Malay Peninsula. Although it is known that the spread of Islam began in the west of the archipelago, the fragmentary evidence does not suggest a rolling wave of conversion through adjacent areas; rather, it suggests the process was complicated and slow.
Despite being one of the most significant developments in Indonesian history, historical evidence is fragmentary and generally uninformative such that understandings of the coming of Islam to Indonesia are limited; there is considerable debate amongst scholars about what conclusions can be drawn about the conversion of Indonesian peoples. The primary evidence, at least of the earlier stages of the process, are gravestones and a few travellers accounts, but these can only show that indigenous Muslims were in a certain place at a certain time. This evidence cannot explain more complicated matters such as how lifestyles were affected by the new religion or how deeply it affected societies. It cannot be assumed, for example, that because a ruler was known to be a Muslim, that the process of Islamisation of that area was complete; rather the process was, and remains to this day, a continuous process in Indonesia. Nevertheless, a clear turning point occurred when the Hindu Majapahit Empire in Java fell to the Islamized Sultanate of Demak. In 1527, the Muslim ruler renamed newly conquered Sunda Kelapa as Jayakarta (meaning "precious victory") which was eventually contracted to Jakarta. Assimilation increased rapidly in the wake of this conquest.
Early history.
Historical evidence is fragmentary and generally uninformative such that understandings of the coming of Islam to Indonesia are limited; there is considerable debate amongst scholars about what conclusions can be drawn about the conversion of Indonesian peoples. The primary evidence, at least of the earlier stages of the process, are gravestones and a few travellers' accounts, but these can only show that indigenous Muslims were in a certain place at a certain time. Both Indonesia's colonial and republican governments have favoured Hindu and Buddhist sites in Java in their allocation of resources for excavation and preservation, with less emphasis on the early history of Islam in Indonesia. Funds, both public and private, are spent on the construction of new mosques, rather than the exploration of old ones.
Before Islam was established amongst Indonesian communities, Muslim traders had been present for several centuries. Ricklefs (1991) identifies two overlapping processes by which the Islamisation of Indonesia occurred: Indonesians either came into contact with Islam and converted, and/or foreign Muslim Asians (Indians, Chinese, Arabs, etc.) settled in Indonesia and mixed with local communities. Islam is thought to have been present in South East Asia from early in the Islamic era. From the time of the third caliph of Islam, 'Uthman' (644-656) Muslim emissaries and merchants were arriving in China who must have passed Indonesia sea routes through Indonesia from the Islamic world. It would have been through this contact that Arabic emissaries between 904 and the mid-twelfth century are thought to have become involved in the Sumatran trading state of Srivijaya.
The earliest accounts of the Indonesian archipelago date from the Abbasid Caliphate, according to those early accounts the Indonesian archipelago were famous among early Muslim Sailors mainly due to its abundance of precious spice trade commodities such as Nutmeg, Cloves, Galangal and many other spices.
The presence of foreign Muslims in Indonesia does not, however, demonstrate a significant level of local conversion or the establishment of local Islamic states. The most reliable evidence of the early spread of Islam in Indonesia comes from inscriptions on tombstones and a limited number of travellers’ accounts. The earliest legibly inscribed tombstone is dated AH 475 (AD 1082) although as it belongs to a non-Indonesian Muslim, there is doubt as to whether it was not transported to Java at a later time. The first evidence of Indonesian Muslims come from northern Sumatra; Marco Polo, on his way home from China in 1292, reported at least one Muslim town; and the first evidence of a Muslim dynasty is the gravestone, dated AH 696 (AD 1297), of Sultan Malik al Saleh, the first Muslim ruler of Samudera Pasai, with further gravestones indicating continued Islamic rule. The presence of the Shafi’i school of thought, which was to later dominate Indonesia was reported by Ibn Battutah, a Moroccan traveller, in 1346. In his travel log, Ibn Battutah wrote that the ruler of Samudera Pasai was a Muslim, who performs his religious duties in his utmost zeal. The madh'hab he used was Imam Shafi'i with the similar customs he had seen in India.
By region.
It was initially believed that Islam penetrated Indonesian society in a largely peaceful way, and from the 14th century to the end of the 19th century the archipelago saw almost no organised Muslim missionary activity. This claim is then contradicted by Ali Mughayat Syah who started military campaigns to dominate the northern part of Sumatra and submitted the people to Islam and later findings of scholars that some parts of Java, i.e. Sundanese West Java and the kingdom of Majapahit on East Java was conquered by Javanese Muslims. The Hindu-Buddhist Sunda Kingdom of Pajajaran was conquered by Muslim conquest in the 16th century, while the Muslim-coastal and Hindu-Buddhist-interior part of East Java was often at war. Organised spread of Islam is also evident by the existence of "Wali Sanga" (nine holy patriarch) which credited for the Islamisation of Indonesia during this period.
Malacca.
Founded around the beginning of the fifteenth century Sultan Parameswara, the great Malay trading state The Sultanate of Malacca founded by Sultan Parameswara, was, as the most important trading centre of the Southeast Asian archipelago, a center of foreign Muslims, and it thus appears a supporter of the spread of Islam. Parameswara, himself is known to have converted to Islam, and taken the name Iskandar Shah after the arrival of the Hui-Chinese Admiral Zheng He. From Malacca and elsewhere gravestones survive showing not only its spread in the Malay archipelago, but as the religion of a number of cultures and their rulers in the late fifteenth century.
Northern Sumatra.
Firmer evidence documenting continued cultural transitions comes from two late-fourteenth century gravestones from Minye Tujoh in North Sumatra, each with Islamic inscriptions but in Indian-type characters and the other Arabic. Dating from the fourteenth century, tombstones in Brunei, Trengganu (northeast Malaysia) and East Java are evidence of Islam’s spread. The Trengganu stone has a predominance of Sanskrit over Arabic words, suggesting the representation of the introduction of Islamic law. According to the "Ying-yai Sheng-lan: The overall survey of the ocean's shores' (1433)" a written account by Zheng He's chronicler and translator Ma Huan: "the main states of the northern part of Sumatra were already Islamic Sultanates. In 1414, he visited the Malacca Sultanate, its ruler Iskandar Shah was Muslim and also his people, and they were very strict believers".
In Kampong Pande there is the tombstone of Sultan Firman Syah, the grandson of Sultan Johan Syah, that has an inscription stating that Banda Aceh was the capital of the Kingdom of Aceh Darussalam and that it was built on Friday, 1 Ramadhan(22 April 1205) by Sultan Johan Syah after he defeated the Hindu and Buddhist Kingdom of Indra Purba whose capital was Bandar Lamuri.
The establishment of further Islamic states in North Sumatra is documented by late fifteenth- and sixteenth-century graves including those of the first and second Sultans of Pedir; Muzaffar Syah, buried (1497) and Ma’ruf Syah, buried (1511). Aceh was founded in the early sixteenth century and would later become the most powerful North Sumatran state and one of the most powerful in the whole Malay archipelago. The Aceh Empire’s first sultan was Ali Mughayat Syah whose tombstone is dated (1530).
The book of Portuguese apothecary Tomé Pires that documents his observations of Java and Sumatra from his 1512 to 1515 visits, is considered one of the most important sources on the spread of Islam in Indonesia. In 1520, Ali Mughayat Syah started military campaigns to dominate the northern part of Sumatra. He conquered Daya, and submitted the people to Islam. Further conquests extended down the east coast, like Pidie and Pasai incorporating several pepper-producing and gold-producing regions. The addition of such regions ultimately led to internal tensions within the Sultanate, as Aceh's strength was as a trading port, whose economic interests vary from those of producing ports.
At this time, according to Piers, most Sumatran kings were Muslim; from Aceh and south along the east coast to Palembang the rulers were Muslim, while south of Palembang and around the southern tip of Sumatra and up the west coast, most were not. In other Sumatran kingdoms, such as Pasai and Minangkabau the rulers were Muslim although at that stage their subjects and people’s of neighbouring areas were not, however, it was reported that the religion was continually gaining new adherents.
After the arrival of the Portuguese colonials and the tensions that followed regarding control of the spice trade the Acehnese Sultan Alauddin al-Kahar (1539–71) sent an embassy to the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent in 1564, requesting Ottoman support against the Portuguese Empire. The Ottomans then dispatched their admiral Kurtoğlu Hızır Reis he set sail with a force of 22 ships carrying soldiers, military equipment and other supplies. According to accounts written by the Portuguese Admiral Fernão Mendes Pinto, the Ottoman fleet that first arrived in Aceh consisted of a few Turks and largely of Muslims from the ports of the Indian Ocean.
Central and eastern Java.
Inscriptions in Old Javanese rather than Arabic on a significant series of gravestones dating back to AD 1369 in East Java, indicate that these are almost certainly Javanese, rather than foreign Muslims. Due to their elaborate decorations and proximity to the site of the former Hindu-Buddhist Majapahit capital, Damais concludes that these are the graves of very distinguished Javanese, perhaps even royalty. This suggests that some of the Javanese elite adopted Islam at a time when the Hindu-Buddhist Majapahit was at the height of its glory.
Ricklefs (1991) argues that these east Javan gravestones, sited and dated at the non-coastal Majapahit, cast doubt on the long held view that Islam in Java originated on the coast and represented political and religious opposition to the kingdom. As a kingdom with far-reaching political and trading contacts, Majapahit would have almost certainly been in contact with Muslim traders, however there is conjecture over the likelihood of its sophisticated courtiers being attracted to a religion of merchants. Rather, it mystical Sufi-influence Islamic teachers, possibly claiming supernatural powers, who are thought to be a more probable agent of religious conversion of Javanese court elites who had long been familiar with aspects of Hindu and Buddhist mysticism.
Central and East Java, the areas where the ethnic Javanese lived, was still claimed by the Hindu-Buddhist king living in the interior of east java at Daha (Kediri). The coastal areas such as Surabaya were, however, Islamised and were often at war with the interior, except for Tuban, which remained loyal to the Hindu-Buddhist king. Some of the coastal Muslim lords were converted Javanese, or Muslim Chinese, Indians, Arabs, and Malays who had settled and established their trading state on the coast. This war between the Muslim-coast and Hindu-Buddhist interior also continued long after the fall of the Majapahit by the Demak Sultanate, and the animosity also continues long after both regions had adopted Islam.
When the peoples of the north coast of Java adopted Islam is unclear. Chinese Muslim, Ma Huan and envoy of Chinese Emperor Yongle, visited the Java coast in 1416 and reported in his book, "Ying-yai Sheng-lan: The overall survey of the ocean's shores' (1433)", that there were only three types of people in Java: Muslims from the west, Chinese (some Muslim) and the heathen Javanese. Since the east Javan gravestones were those of Javanese Muslims fifty years before, Ma Huan’s report indicates that Islam may have indeed been adopted by Javanese courtiers before the coastal Javanese.
An early Muslim gravestone date AH 822 (AD 1419) has been found at Gresik an East Javanese port and marks the burial of Maulana Malik Ibrahim . As it appears, however, that he was non-Javanese foreigner, the gravestone does not provide evidence of coastal Javanese conversion. Malik Ibrahim was, however, according to Javanese tradition one of the first nine apostles of Islam in Java (the "Wali Sanga") although no documentary evidence exists for this tradition. In the late fifteenth century, the powerful Majapahit Empire in Java was at its decline. After had been defeated in several battles, the last Hindu kingdom in Java fell under the rising power of Islamised state Sultanate of Demak in 1520.
Western Java.
Pires' "Suma Oriental" reports that Sundanese-speaking West Java was not Muslim in his day, and was indeed hostile to Islam. A Muslim conquest of the area occurred later in the sixteenth century. In the early sixteenth century the Central and East Java (home of the Javanese) were still claimed by the Hindu-Buddhist king living in the interior of East Java at Daha (Kediri). The north coast was, however, Muslim as far as Surabaya and were often at war with the interior. Of these coastal Muslim lords, some were Javanese who had adopted Islam, and others were not originally Javanese but Muslim traders settling along established trading routes including Chinese, Indians, Arabs and Malays. According to Piers, these settlers and their descendants so admired Javanese Hindu-Buddhist culture that they emulate its style and were thus themselves becoming Javanese.
In his study of the Banten Sultanate, Martin van Bruinessen focuses on the link between mystics and royalty, contrasting that Islamization process with the one which prevailed elsewhere in Java:
"In the case of Banten, the indigenous sources associate the tarekats not with trade and traders but with kings, magical power and political legitimation." He presents evidence that Sunan Gunungjati was initiated into the Kubra, Shattari, and Naqshbandi orders of sufism.
Other areas.
There is no evidence of the adoption of Islam by Indonesians before the sixteenth century in areas outside of Java, Sumatra, the sultanates of Ternate and Tidore in Maluku, and Brunei and the Malay Peninsula.
Indonesian and Malay legends.
Although time frames for the establishment of Islam in Indonesian regions can be broadly determined, the historical primary sources cannot answer many specific questions, and considerable controversy surrounds the topic. Such sources do not explain why significant conversions of Indonesians to Islam did not begin until after several centuries of foreign Muslims visiting and living in Indonesia, nor do they adequately explain the origin and development of Indonesia's idiosyncratic strains of Islam, or how Islam came to be the dominant religion in Indonesia. To fill these gaps, many scholars turn to Malay and Indonesian legends surrounding Indonesian conversion to Islam. Ricklefs argues that although they are not reliable historical accounts of actual events, they are valuable in illuminating some of the events is through their shared insights into the nature of learning and magical powers, foreign origins and trade connections of the early teachers, and the conversion process that moved from the elite downwards. These also provide insight into how later generations of Indonesians view Islamisation. These sources include:
Of the texts mentioned here, the Malay texts describe the conversion process as a significant watershed, signified by formal and tangible signs of conversion such as circumcision, the Confession of Faith, and the adoption of an Arabic name. On the other hand, while magical events still play a prominent role in the Javanese accounts of Islamisation, such turning points of conversion as in the Malay texts are otherwise not as evident. This suggests a more adsorptive process for the Javanese, that is consistent with the significantly larger syncretic element in contemporary Javanese Islam in comparison to the relatively orthodox Islam of Sumatra and Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9687306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687306" title="Crimes Act 1914">
Crimes Act 1914

The Crimes Act 1914 is a piece of Federal legislation in Australia. Pursuant to the Australian Constitution it prevails in any conflict with State laws dealing with the subject of crime. 
The Commonwealth (or Federal) Government may not intrude upon the authority of the Australian States to legislate with respect to crime affecting their exclusive sphere of constitutional responsibility. For example, it may not legislate criminal penalties for the evasion of State taxes.
The Commonwealth may, however, legislate upon the subject of crime affecting its areas of "conjoint" (such as with respect to defence) or "exclusive " (such as with respect to external territories) responsibility.
Need for the Act.
The Australian Federal Government started out in 1902 as a very small affair. As it grew in size and influence, the need became apparent for new Federal agencies and legislation to protect the dignity and interests of the Commonwealth. For example, the need for an Australian Federal Police became apparent when Prime Minister William Hughes was violently egged and assaulted by an anti-conscription crowd at Warwick, Queensland, in 1917 and the Queensland State Police neglected to step in to protect him.
Thus, there was no federal crimes act for the first 13 years of Federation although certain offences had been defined by earlier legislation.
The Act now contains very few offences: most of these have been moved over to the Criminal Code (Commonwealth), which also outlines the principles of criminal liability under Commonwealth law. The Crimes Act is now relevant principally in procedural matters, and it is envisaged that even these provisions will be moved over to the Criminal Code, with the Act eventually repealed.

</doc>
<doc id="9687341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687341" title="Abdusalom Khasanov">
Abdusalom Khasanov

Abdusalom Khasanov (Tajik:Абдусалом Ҳасанов) is an amateur boxer from Tajikistan.
Career.
He competed at the 2001 World Amateur Boxing Championships, but was stopped in the round of 16.
He won a bronze medal at bantamweight at the 2002 Asian Games.
In the Featherweight (57 kg) division he won bronze at the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="9687349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687349" title="Finnish gunboat Klas Horn">
Finnish gunboat Klas Horn

Klas Horn (ex-"Posadnik") was the flagship and an escort ship for the Russian Czar's yacht. "Posadnik" was built in Prussia in 1892 for the Montenegrin king Nicholas I. The ship was purchased by the Russian Czar after Nicholas' money ran out. After the Russian revolution, the ship was taken over by the Finnish Navy and renamed "Klas Horn", after a 16th-century admiral. She initially served as a minelayer, but was rebuilt into a gunboat in the 1920s. "Klas Horn" ended her Finnish navy service in the 1930s and served as a mothership for sea surveying.
The "Klas Horn" was a strange mix of a civilian and warship. The front end looked like a warship, but since she also had been the escort ship for the czar, her superstructures were low and gracious.
The Finns mounted a large 102 mm gun on her, but it proved too big for the ship. During sea travel, the gun had to be tied so it would not make the ship unstable. The old ship's seagoing qualities were also bad.
"Klas Horn" returned to the Finnish Navy in 1941 and served until 1957. Thereafter she was rebuilt into a floating hotel and restaurant. She suffered a fire in 1963 and was scrapped the following year.

</doc>
