<doc id="9693057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693057" title="Cinematic style of Abbas Kiarostami">
Cinematic style of Abbas Kiarostami

Abbas Kiarostami is known for his characteristic use of techniques and themes that are instantly recognizable in his films, from the use of child protagonists, to stories that take place in rural villages, to conversations that unfold inside cars utilizing stationary mounted cameras. He is also known for his use of contemporary Iranian poetry in dialogue, movie titles, and in the thematic elements of his pictures, and often undertakes a documentary style of filmmaking within narrative films.
The Kiarostamian style.
Though Abbas Kiarostami has been compared to Satyajit Ray, Vittorio de Sica, Eric Rohmer, and Jacques Tati, his films exhibit a singular style, often employing techniques of his own invention (the so-called "Kiarostamian style").
During the filming of "The Bread and Alley", his first film, Kiarostami disagreed with his experienced cinematographer about how to film the boy and the attacking dog. The cinematographer wanted separate shots of the boy approaching, a close up of his hand as he enters the house and closes the door, followed by a shot of the dog. Kiarostami believed that if the three scenes could be captured as a whole it would have a more profound impact, creating tension. That one shot took some forty days to complete. Kiarostami later commented that the breaking of scenes can disrupt the rhythm and content of the film's structure, stating he prefers to let the scene flow as one.
Unlike other directors he showed no interest in developing his directorial muscles by staging extravagant combat scenes or complicated chase scenes in large-scale productions. Instead, he attempted to use the medium of film in his own unique way. As he quoted in relation to his cinematographer's perspective on filming 
"I did not follow the conventions of film making that he had become accustomed to".
Kiarostami appeared to have settled on his style when he made the "Koker trilogy". Nevertheless, he continued experimenting with new modes of filming, using different directorial methods. Much of "Ten", for example, was filmed in a moving automobile without Kiarostami present. He gave suggestions to the actors about what to do, and a camera placed on the dashboard then filmed them while they drove around Tehran. The camera was allowed to roll, capturing the faces of the people during their daily routine, using a series of extreme close-up shots.
Kiarostami's cinema offers a different definition of "film". According to film professors such as Jamsheed Akrami, unlike many other contemporary filmmakers Kiarostami has consistently attempted to redefine film by forcing the audience's increased involvement. In recent years he has also progressively trimmed down the size of his films, which Akrami believes reduces the film making experience from a collective endeavor to a purer, more basic form of artistic expression.
As Kiarostami quoted in relation to his individual style of minimalism:
My films have been progressing towards a certain kind of minimalism, even though it was never intended. Elements that can be eliminated have been eliminated. This was pointed out to me by somebody who referred to the paintings of Rembrandt and his use of light: some elements are highlighted while others are obscured or even pushed back into the dark. And it's something that we do - we bring out elements that we want to emphasise.
Self-referencing is a feature specific to Kiarostami's cinema. Stephen Bransford contends that Kiarostami's films do not contain references to the work of other directors, but do include a myriad of references to his own work. Bransford believes his films are often fashioned into an ongoing dialectic: one film reflecting on and partially demystifying an earlier film.
Fiction and non-fiction.
Kiarostami's films contain a notable degree of ambiguity, an unusual mixture of simplicity and complexity, and often mix fiction and documentary elements. As Kiarostami has said, "We can never get close to the truth except through lying."
Kiarostami has said of his film making: "An artist designs and creates a piece hoping to materialize some thoughts, concepts or feelings through his or her medium. The credibility of great Persian poets like Rumi and Hafez comes from the very fact that they are composed in such a way that they are fresh and meaningful regardless of the time, place and conditions in which you read them—and this means reading them while doing divination or simply as literature."
The boundary between fiction and non-fiction is significantly reduced in Kiarostami's cinema. The French philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy, writing about Kiarostami, and in particular "Life, and Nothing More...", has argued that his films are neither quite fiction nor quite documentary. "Life and Nothing More...", he argues, is neither representation nor reportage, but rather "evidence":
all looks like reporting, but everything underscores ("indique à l'évidence") that it is the fiction of a documentary (in fact, Kiarostami shot the film several months after the 1990 earthquake), and that it is rather a document about "fiction": not in the sense of imagining the unreal, but in the very specific and precise sense of the technique, of the "art" of constructing images. For the image by means of which, each time, each opens a world and precedes himself in it ("s'y prédède") is not pregiven ("donnée toute faite") (as are those of dreams, phantasms or bad films): it is to be invented, cut and edited. Thus it is "evidence", insofar as, if one day I happen to "look" at my street on which I walk up and down ten times a day, I construct for an instant a new "evidence" of my street.>
"Close-Up", for example, contains scenes from the real-life trial of a man charged with fraudulently impersonating a film director. To make the film, however, Kiarostami coaxed the antagonists to re-stage scenes occurring between them, including the arrest. While such a technique clearly precludes labeling the film as a documentary, by re-staging events between the deceiver and the deceived Kiarostami implicitly poses questions about the validity and significance of what the audience sees. Because these are the actual participants in a drama played out in criminal court, it dawns on the audience that these re-stagings are also part of the real life of these people, especially since both the impersonator and the family he fooled were interested in working in cinema. If these re-enactments constitute a kind of "evidence", this is less because they show us what took place to cause the arrest than because the audience is witness to a scene in which the actors are in fact continuing the story of their confrontation and/or reconciliation.
For Jean-Luc Nancy, this notion of cinema as "evidence," rather than as documentary or imagination, is tied to the way Kiarostami deals with life and death:
Wanting to do more than just represent life and death as an opposition, and instead to show the way in which each is inevitably and profoundly involved with the other, Kiarostami has devised a cinema that does more than just present the viewer with the documentable "facts," but neither is it simply a matter of artifice. Because "existence" means more than simply life, it is projective, containing an irreducibly fictive element, but in this "being more than" life, it is therefore contaminated by mortality. Nancy is giving an interpretation of Kiarostami's statement that lying is the only way to truth.
Themes of life and death.
Themes of life and death and the concepts of change and continuity play a major role in Kiarostami's works. In the Koker trilogy, for example, we see an ongoing life force in the face of death and destruction, and the power of human resilience to overcome and defy death. The film is set in the aftermath of the 1990 Tehran earthquake. Kiarostami expressed how important these themes are in his films, particularly in the film Life, and Nothing More..., directed soon after the disaster:
The theme of suicide is also important in several of his earlier films. He shows how the desire to self-harm is often counteracted by humanity and the need to help others in the face of death. This illustrates the ongoing life force and the power of life over death.
"Taste of Cherry" explores the fragility of life and rhetorically focuses on the preciousness of life. Badii, a middle aged apparently healthy and well off Tehrani (played by Homayoun Ershadi), cruises the city’s outskirts in his Range Rover trying to find a stranger who will help him commit suicide. Conversations with people on the way gradually convince him of the positivity and preciousness of life. From the young Kurdish soldier who is spooked by the shuddering request to a middle-aged Afghani seminarian who is unable to dissuade Badii with religious sympathy to a Turkish taxidermist at a natural history museum who urges the glories of nature — the taste of cherries — as the prime reason not to kill oneself, Kiarostami evokes a high degree of emphasis on the different elements of life.
Symbols of death proliferate throughout "The Wind Will Carry Us" with scenes set in a graveyard, the imminence of the old woman’s passing, and the ancestors that the character of Farzad mentions in an early scene. Such devices ask the viewer to consider the parameters of the afterlife and the concept of immaterial existence. In the film’s opening sequence, Behzad tells Farzad that like people, cars have ghosts. This becomes the theme of the work and the subject of the film — they are waiting for the old woman to give up the ghost. The viewer is asked to consider what constitutes the soul, and what happens to the soul after death. In discussing the film, Kiarostami stated that his function is that of one who raises questions, rather than answers them. Kiarostami affirms that the audience must decide for themselves.
Some film critics believe that the assemblage of light versus dark scenes in Kiarostami's film grammar in "Taste of Cherry" and "The Wind Will Carry Us" suggests the mutual existence of life with its endless possibilities and death as a factual moment of anyone’s life. When the leading actor in "The Wind Will Carry Us" enters the dark he recites a poem by Forough Farrokhzad that represents his nostalgic yearning for light and life in a dark, dead moment:
Regarding Kiarostami's "ABC Africa" made in Kampala in 2001 during the AIDS epidemic, Geoff Andrew stated that "like his previous four features, this film is not about death but life-and-death: how they're linked, and what attitude we might adopt with regard to their symbiotic inevitability..."
Visual and audio techniques.
Kiarostami's style is notable for the use of long shots, such as in the closing sequences of "Life, and Nothing More..." and" Through the Olive Trees", where the audience is intentionally distanced physically from the characters to invite reflection on their fate. "Taste of Cherry" is punctuated throughout by shots of this kind, including distant overhead shots of the suicidal Badii's car moving across the hills, usually while he is in conversation with a passenger. The physical distancing techniques stand in juxtaposition to the dialogue, which always remains in the foreground. Like the coexistence of private and public space, or the frequent framing of landscapes through car windows, this fusion of distance with proximity has been seen as a way of generating suspense in the most mundane of moments.
This relationship between distance and intimacy, between imagery and sound, is also present in the opening sequence of "The Wind Will Carry Us". From the outset, Kiarostami formulates a dialectical relationship between image and sound. The camera moves from long shots of the Land Rover winding its way through the mountain paths to extreme close-ups of the film’s protagonist. Concurrently, Kiarostami aurally represents an expanse that extends far beyond what the viewer can see at any moment, even when the camera remains a considerable distance from the subject matter on-screen. Kiarostami establishes numerous spaces beyond the visual field by fragmenting his soundtrack to include other sounds such as birds singing, dogs barking and electronic devices such as cell phones and radios blaring in the distance. By referring to characters the viewer does not see or hear, Kiarostami widens the scope of his films.
Michael J. Anderson has argued that such a thematic application of presence without presence manipulates our perception of nature and space in the geographical framework in which the world is portrayed. Kiarostami's use of sound and imagery conveys a world beyond what is directly visible and/or audible, which Anderson believes emphasises the shrinking of time and space and the interconnectedness of the modern world.
Film critic Ben Zipper believes that Kiarostami’s work as a landscape artist is evident in the composition of distant shots of the dry hills throughout a number of his films. He points out that Kiarostami’s use of rural locations and remote settings is reminiscent of Sohrab Sepehri’s attention to landscape as represented in his poems such as "Golestaneh", in which the poet treats the rural environment realistically and imbues it with a poetic aura.
Poetry and imagery.
Ahmad Karimi-Hakkak of the University of Maryland discusses how one aspect of Kiarostami's cinematic style is that he is able to capture essences of Persian poetry and create poetic imagery within the landscape of his films. In "Where Is the Friend's Home?" and "The Wind Will Carry Us", classical Persian poetry is directly quoted in the film, highlighting the artistic link and intimate connection between them. This in turn reflects on the connection between the past and present, between continuity and change.
In 2003, Kiarostami directed "Five", a poetic feature that contained no dialogue or characterisation whatsoever. The movie consists of five single-take long shots of the natural landscape along the shores of the Caspian Sea. Although the film lacks a clear storyline, Geoff Andrew argues that the film is "more than just pretty pictures": "assembled in order, they comprise a kind of abstract or emotional narrative arc, which moves evocatively from separation and solitude to community, from motion to rest, near-silence to sound and song, light to darkness and back to light again, ending on a note of rebirth and regeneration." 
He notes the degree of artifice concealed behind the apparent simplicity of the imagery as everyday moments are captured. A piece of driftwood is tossed and broken by the waves; people stroll along the promenade; a group of dogs gather by the water's edge whilst ducks strut across the frame. A pool of water is shot at night with the sounds of a storm, and frogs croaking break the stillness.
An aspect of Abbas Kiarostami's artistry that eludes those unfamiliar with Persian poetry and that has therefore remained inaccessible to many is the way he turns poetic images into cinematic ones. This is most obvious in those Kiarostami films that recall specific texts of Persian poetry more or less explicitly: "Where's the Friend's Home?" and "The Wind will Carry Us". The characters recite poems mainly from classical Persian poet Omar Khayyám or modern Persian poets Sohrab Sepehri and Forough Farrokhzad. One of the most poetic moments in "Wind Will Carry Us" is a long shot of a wheat field with rippling golden crops through which the doctor, accompanied by the filmmaker, is riding his scooter down a twisting road. In response to his comment that the other world is a better place than this one, the doctor recites this poem of Khayyam:
However, the aesthetic involved with the poetry goes much farther back in time and is used much more subtly than these examples suggest. Beyond issues of adaptation of text to film, Kiarostami often begins with an insistent will to give visual embodiment to certain specific image-making techniques in Persian poetry, both classical and contemporary, and often ends up enunciating a larger philosophical position, namely the ontological oneness of poetry and film.
Sima Daad from the Department of Comparative Literature at the University of Washington feels that the creative merit of Kiarostami's adaptation of Sohrab Sepehri and Forough Farrokhzad's poems extends the domain of textual transformation. Adaptation is defined as the transformation of a prior text to a new text. Kiarostami's adaptation arrives at theoretical realm of adaptation by expanding its limit from inter-textual potential to trans-generic potential.
Spirituality.
Kiarostami's complex sound-images and philosophical approach have caused frequent comparisons with mystical filmmakers such as Andrei Tarkovsky and Robert Bresson. Irrespective of substantial cultural differences, much of western writing about Kiarostami positions him as the Iranian equivalent of such directors, by virtue of universal austere, spiritual poetics and moral commitment. Some draw parallels between certain imagery in Kiarostami's films with that of Sufi concepts.
Kiarostami's films often reflect upon immaterial concepts such as the soul and afterlife. At times, however, the very concept of the spiritual seems to be contradicted by the medium itself, given that it has no inherent means to confer the metaphysical. Some film theorists have argued that "The Wind Will Carry Us" provides a template by which a filmmaker can communicate metaphysical reality. The limits of the frame and the representation through dialogue with another that is not represented, physically become metaphors for the relationship between this world and those that may exist apart from it. By limiting the space of the mise en scène, Kiarostami expands the space of the art.
Asked in a 2000 "Film Comment" interview if there are any other directors who might be working on a "similar wavelength", Kiarostami pointed to Hou Hsiao-hsien as one. He said, 
"Tarkovsky's works separate me completely from physical life, and are the most spiritual films I have seen — what Fellini did in parts of his movies, bringing dream life into film, he does as well. Theo Angelopoulos' movies also find this type of spirituality at certain moments. In general, I think movies and art should take us away from daily life, should take us to another state, even though daily life is where this flight is launched from."
Differing viewpoints have arisen in this debate. While the vast majority of English-language writers, such as David Sterritt and Spanish film professor Alberto Elena, interpret these films as spiritual films, critics including David Walsh and Hamish Ford disagree. 
Kiarostami and digital micro cinema.
At the turn of 21st century Kiarostami decided to change from 35 mm film production to digital video. The first film where he used this technology was "ABC Africa", which was compiled from footage shot with two small digital video cameras, material originally gathered for the purposes of research and scouting. Referring to digital cinema Kiarostami said: "Digital video is within the reach of anybody, like a ballpoint pen. I'd even dare to predict that within the next decade, we'll see a burst of interest in film-making as a consequence of the impact of video".
Kiarostami stated about the documentary "ABC Africa" that "directing was spontaneously and unconsciously eliminated, by which I mean artificial and conventional directing."
Abbas Kiarostami's film "Ten" (2002) was an experiment that used digital cameras to virtually eliminate the director. Kiarostami fastened cameras to the dashboard of a car, and then allowed his actors to act. There was no film crew in the car, and no director. There is no camera movement, other than the movement of the car which carries the camera. There is minimal cutting and editing.
This new direction is towards a "digital micro cinema", defined as micro-budget filmmaking allied with digital production.
According to filmmaker Matthew Clayfield, Kiarostami's work with digital video may be more valuable to cinema than it is to post-cinema, but it also proves that virtually anyone with a camera can contribute to the art form in ways that were previously impossible.
In 2005, Kiarostami directed a workshop on digital film-making at the London Film School, in which he expressed reservations about digital cinema. "My film "10" is a couple of years old now," explains Kiarostami to film students, "and today I'm not so fascinated by digital technology. [...] recently it has become clear to me just how few people actually know how to use it properly."
He also stated: "I have somewhat lost my enthusiasm digital video in the last four or five years. Mainly because film students using digital video these days have not really produced anything more than superficial or simplistic; so I have my doubts. Despite the great advantages of digital video and the great ease of using the medium, still those who use it have first to understand the sensitivities of how to best use the medium."
Secondary literature.
Books:
Articles:

</doc>
<doc id="9693074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693074" title="Joe White (boxer)">
Joe White (boxer)

Joe White was a Welsh boxer. He won the British welterweight title at Cardiff in August 1907 when he defeated Andrew Jeptha.

</doc>
<doc id="9693086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693086" title="Roads in Belize">
Roads in Belize

The road network in Belize consists of over of roads, of which approximately is paved.
Highways.
Belize has four major asphalt-paved two-lane roads:
Most maps also display Old Northern Highway, which provides access to Altun Ha. This road is a single lane and paved in places, but deteriorates dramatically immediately north from the access road to the ruins.
There is also the "Coastal Highway", also known as the Manatee Highway or the Shortcut, which joins the Western Highway west of Belize City with the Stann Creek Valley near Dangriga, but it is all gravel, washboarded, and may wash out in heavy rains.
Bus.
Most Belizeans travel by bus as their main form of transportation. In the large towns and cities, such as Belize City, tickets can be bought ahead of time at a bus terminal. However, the most common way of catching a bus is by flagging it down on the road. On the Phillip Goldson and George Price Highways, bus service is more frequent than on smaller highways and other roads. In some locations, like small towns, buses may run only once a day. Many buses are old Greyhounds or school buses, although newer express buses travel the two main highways. The express buses cost slightly more than other buses.
Travel by bus in Belize is inexpensive, with the total fare from Chetumal, Mexico, at the border in the north to Punta Gorda in the far south being only around BZ$40 (US$20). Fares vary by route and bus line, but generally fares run around 5 to 7 US cents per mile. With the 2005 bankruptcy and closing of the largest national bus company, Novelo's, bus service in Belize has become more fragmented. National Transportation Services, effectively the successor to Novelo's, generally operates from the old Novelo's terminals, but almost 100 other bus lines, some with only one bus, also operate around the country. Among the larger lines are James, Tillett's, Belize Buses (a drivers' co-op) and Gilharry. Shuttle vans also operate, providing direct service between towns for a higher price. Two Guatemala-based bus lines, Linea Dorada and San Juan, have service from Chetumal, Mexico, to Flores, Guatemala, via Belize City.
Taxi.
Taxis are unmetered, with fare schedules varying by city. Fares for travel outside the cities are based on the distance covered. Because taxis are unmetered, discussing the fare with the driver first is recommended. Typical rates within Belize City are BZ$5–10 (US$2.50–5). Taxi fare from the international airport to the Belize City center is fixed at BZ$50 (US$25), for up to four persons.
Bicycle.
Bicycles have grown in popularity, but motorcycles and mopeds are fairly scarce, though with the price of gas now near BZ$10 (US$5) a gallon, small scooters and motorcycles are used more frequently than in the past.
Driving in Belize.
Besides the highways, the rest of the roads are one or two lanes and typically unpaved, at times filled with gravel or sand. If trying to reach remote or off-the-main-road destinations, it is recommended to drive in a four-wheel drive vehicle. Driving requires a valid driver's license from your home country. There are occasional police check points usually near the major towns that may require you to stop and provide all the legal documents, as well as proof of the required liability insurance. There are plenty of gas stations near the larger towns, and mechanics may be found in Belize City, Belmopan, San Ignacio, and Orange Walk. Traffic is very light on the highways, and passing slower vehicles should cause no problems.
Sleeping policemen.
These are the famous speed bumps at pedestrian crossings. They are always within a small village, but sometimes are unsigned, so it is wise to slow down when approaching a populated area.
Road rules.
Driving is on the right side of the road. Speed limits are on the highways, and within villages and towns. Seatbelts are required. Mileposts and road signs still display distances in miles.

</doc>
<doc id="9693087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693087" title="Cem Adrian">
Cem Adrian

Cem Adrian (Edirne, 30 November 1980.) is a Turkish singer-songwriter, author, producer and director. He is known for his ability to sing from bass to soprano, as his vocal cords are three times the length of an average person's.
Early life and education.
Adrian was born in 1980 in Edirne, Turkey. His original name Cem Filiz. He has some Bosniak ancestry as well as Turkish. He started his musical studies and released his first recordings during his secondary school terms.
Career.
Adrian started his career in radio publishing at eighteen, and continued for about six years. At the same time he studied theatre and photography and recorded about 250 of his own songs at the studios of a radio station where he used to work. 
In 2003, he performed as the singer and dancer of the ethnic music band "Mystica" which he founded, in Istanbul. In the autumn of 2004, he started his education as a "special student" at the Faculty of Music and Performing Arts, Bilkent University, at the invitation of Fazil Say. 
In February 2005, Adrian released his first album "Ben Bu Sarkiyi Sana Yazdim". This album includes the songs which Adrian had recorded by himself between 1997 and 2003 in Edirne, and the live recordings of his first academic performance with Fazil Say. This demo album achieved sales of 16,000 copies. 
He performed in a series of concerts which started with "Babylon" in 2005 in Istanbul, and continued with the premiere of the Hamburg Music Season with the Bremen Jazz Festival, including Fazil Say and Burhan Ocal.
In 2006, he started working on his second self-produced album, which was published in November 2006 by the name "Aşk Bu Gece Şehri Terk Etti".
In 2008 he released two albums, "Essentials / Seçkiler" and "Emir", and produced the music for Abdullah Oğuz's film "Sıcak", where he also played the role of a young imam.
Discography.
Albums.
Adrian has released five albums. The first, "Ben Bu Şarkıyı Sana Yazdım" – "I Wrote This Song To You", was released in 2005. He released his second, "Aşk Bu Gece Şehri Terk Etti" – "Love Has Left the City Tonight", the following year. After a gap of a year he released two more, "Essentials / Seçkiler", "Emir (Order)" in 2008 and "Kayıp Çocuk Masalları" – "Lost Fairy Tales" in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9693091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693091" title="Simple Soul">
Simple Soul

Simple Soul is the fifth studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 29 January 2001.
The album is a lot more stripped down than its predecessor, "Angels and Electricity" being predominantly folk and acoustic based. Many of the songs were co-written with longtime collaborator Boo Hewerdine.
The album came about when Reader wanted to try her new recording equipment mixed with friend and former Fairground Attraction drummer Roy Dodds' new equipment. Twenty-seven songs were recorded in Dodds' studio and whilst the recordings were originally only intended to be demos, Reader was so pleased with the results she decided to keep the intimate and personal sound.
The track "I Felt a Soul Move Through Me" was written about the recent loss of Reader's father.

</doc>
<doc id="9693097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693097" title="High Shoals Falls">
High Shoals Falls

High Shoals Falls is a waterfall in Burke County, North Carolina.
Geology.
The waterfall is on the Jacob's Fork River, flowing over a large rock outcropping in the South Mountains of North Carolina. The river continues over a series of cascades for approximately 1/4 mile past the falls, where the stream loses approximately 300 ft (100 m) in elevation.
Natural history.
The falls is owned by the State of North Carolina, which owns and operates South Mountains State Park. The South Mountains, carved out of the Blue Ridge by erosion, are a broad belt of peaks and knobs rising abruptly from a deep valley. These steep, rugged mountains encompass 100,000 acres (400 km²) in Burke, Cleveland and Rutherford counties. Water winding through the park to the Catawba River cuts deep into the terrain, forming rugged and steep slopes. Funds to purchase the falls and park were appropriated in 1974.
Visiting the falls.
The falls is located at South Mountains State Park in North Carolina. There are many trails through the state park, and the most popular is the High Shoals Falls Loop Trail. Visitors are encouraged to stay on the trail. Absolutely no swimming is permitted near the falls, as deaths and injuries have occurred through the years, primarily to people who swim at the top of the falls.
Four people have died at High Shoals Falls since 1993, including a 17-year-old who fell to his death on June 14, 2011.
Nearby falls.
Jacob's Fork River has several small cascades both upstream and downstream from High Shoals Falls. Some of these are on State property. Others are on private property. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693111" title="Rajmahal Hills">
Rajmahal Hills

Rajmahal Hills are hills formed from rocks dating from the Jurassic Period and named after the town of Rajmahal which lies to the east in the state of Jharkhand in India. The hills are oriented in a north-south axis with an average elevation of 200–300 m (600-1,000 ft). The River Ganges meanders around the hills changing direction of flow from eastwards to southwards. Volcanic activity in the Jurassic caused the formation of these hills. The hills are approximately located at 
The upper regions of the Rajmahal Hills are inhabited by the Sauria Paharia tribe while the valleys are dominated by the Santhal tribe who cultivate the land. According to the last population count of the Paharias in 1985, their numbers stood at approximately 1.85 lakh.
Fossils.
Rajmahal hills are home to plant fossils which are 68 to 145 million years old. The Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany in Lucknow has an impressive collection of these fossils. The fossils here have attracted geologists and palaeobotanists from all over the world. There are fears of these fossils disappearing now as the state government of Jharkhand has given out a mining lease in the area to private companies.
Tomb and Distant View of Rajmahal Hills 

</doc>
<doc id="9693140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693140" title="Siôn Tudur">
Siôn Tudur

Siôn Tudur (also "John Tudur", c. 1522–1602) was a Welsh language poet of the Early Modern period.
After serving as a yeoman in the courts of Edward VI and Mary, Siôn returned to Wales where he tutored by Gruffudd Hiraethog. Siôn’s surviving work consists of poems in praise of nobility, poetic rendering of psalms, and his concerns on contemporary Welsh society.

</doc>
<doc id="9693146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693146" title="Guayabero language">
Guayabero language

Guayabero is a Guahiban language that is spoken by about 1200 people in Colombia. Many of its speakers are monoglots, with few fluent Spanish speakers in the population.

</doc>
<doc id="9693155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693155" title="Fajoles">
Fajoles

Fajoles is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="9693163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693163" title="Only the Names Have Been Changed">
Only the Names Have Been Changed

Only the Names Have Been Changed is the solo debut album by Stereophonics frontman Kelly Jones.
As Jones explains, "we were recording the sixth Stereophonics album...and in-between takes I started doing these songs off the cuff. Three or four tracks in I realised that this could actually be something…strange how it's always little things that makes big things happen. We didn't wait - it was recorded January 7th and 8th and mastered by Friday the 12th...every song is a live take...we actively decided to make it a bit more filmic. In two days we put down 10 tracks with 10 different girls names…we wanted to do something in the vein of Nick Cave's "Murder Ballads" or Johnny Cash's "Blood, Sweat and Tears".

</doc>
<doc id="9693184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693184" title="Penygroes">
Penygroes

Penygroes or Pen-y-groes may refer to any of several places in Wales:

</doc>
<doc id="9693201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693201" title="Federación del Rodeo Chileno">
Federación del Rodeo Chileno

The Federación del Rodeo Chileno (Chilean Federation of Rodeo) regulates "rodeo" events in Chile. "Chilean Rodeo", officially the National Sport of Chile.
Originally chartered on January 10, 1962, in Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="9693208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693208" title="S. A. Chandrasekhar">
S. A. Chandrasekhar

S.A. Chandrasekhar is an Indian film director, producer and writer. He is the father of Kollywood actor Vijay.
Personal life.
He is married to Shoba, who is a singer. His son Vijay, is one of Tamil Nadu's leading actor and his daughter Vidhya died at the age of 2. Sangeetha is his daughter-in-law.
Film career.
Chandrasekhar has directed over 66 movies in Tamil. Some of his hits include "Vetri", "Naan Sigappu Manithan", and "Mutham". He also directed some Telugu movies such as "Chattaniki Kallu Levu" with Chiranjeevi. Most of his movies are with Vijayakanth. He has appeared in supporting roles in some movies like "Naan Sivappu Manithan". Director S. Shankar, one of the notable directors of India, has worked with him as assistant.
With "Pandhayam" (2008), he directed his 66th film.

</doc>
<doc id="9693213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693213" title="Berno of Reichenau">
Berno of Reichenau

Berno (c. 978 – 7 June 1048) was the Abbot of Reichenau from his appointment by Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor, in 1008. He reformed the Gregorian chant. He compiled a "tonarius", dealing with the organisation of the church chants into ‘tones’ – eight modes of the Gregorian chant.
Following the reforms initiated under Abbot Immo, who imposed the Benedictine rule at Reichenau, under Berno's enlightened guidance the abbey reached its peak as a centre of learning, with a productive scriptorium, as a centre of Bendictine monasticism and eleventh-century liturgical and musical reforms in the German churches. At Reichenau he erected the tall western tower and transept that stand today on the island site of Reichenau-Mittelzell. One of his most famous students was Hermann von Reichenau, who transmitted Arabic mathematics and astronomy to central Europe. 
Politically the abbot cleaved to his patrons Henry and to Henry III, duke of Bavaria and eventually Emperor, and wrote many letters and missives to the Hungarian kings Saint Stephen I of Hungary and Peter Orseolo of Hungary, containing various historical information about the Hungarian kingdom of that time useful for the historian. His activity in regard to Hungary was specially important during the reign of Stephen, as his wife was Gisela, the emperor Henry II's sister.

</doc>
<doc id="9693232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693232" title="State Central Library, Kerala">
State Central Library, Kerala

State Central Library of Kerala is also known as Trivandrum Public Library.It is situated at the heart of Thiruvananthapuram city, the capital of Kerala. It is the first public library in India.
History.
The Library was established in the year A.D. 1829 during the reign of His Highness Sree Swathi Thirunal Maharaja of Travancore. The work of starting and organising the Library was entrusted to Col. Edward Cadogan, then the British Resident who was the grand son of Sir Hans Sloane, the founder of the British Museum. Col. Cadogan was the first president of the Trivandrum Public Library committee, which managed the affairs of the Library. At that time, only a privileged class who were called to attend the Durbar of His Highness the Maharaja was allowed admission to the Library. The Library was then known as “Trivandrum People’s Library”. 
Other landmarks in the history of library are:
Sections in Library.
1. Technical Section 
2. Circulation Section (Books & Periodicals)
3. English Section
4. Malayalam Section 
5. Tamil / Hindi / Sanskrit / Section 
6. Reference Section 
7. Children's Section 
8. Binding Section 
9. Reprographic Section 
10. Closed Reference Section 
11. Member's Reading Room (For A & B Member's only)
12. General Reading Room (For C & D Member's & Non Member's)
13. Cash Section 
14. Administrative Office 
15. Internet Browsing Centre 
16. Kerala Gazette Section 
17. Multimedia Section 
18. Digital Library 
19. British Library Collection
Digital Library.
Library has a digital collection in searchable format of 709 books, in English and Malayalam, archived using Nitya digital library software.
Children's library.
The New Heritage Model building within the campus is devoted for Children's library. A multimedia Section is also functioning in this building.
The library is also conducting a certificate course in Library and information science.

</doc>
<doc id="9693237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693237" title="Zambian Cup">
Zambian Cup

The Zambia Cup or Mosi Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Zambian football. It was created in 1962.
From 1962 to 1965 the winners of the Northern Rhodesia Castle Cup played against the corresponding winners in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) for the 'Super Castle Cup'.
The winners of this trophy did not always entered the African Cup Winners' Cup, an entry was often reserved for the winners of the Champion of Champions Cup (usually contested between four clubs).

</doc>
<doc id="9693241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693241" title="Group E">
Group E

Group E may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9693254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693254" title="GFSN National League">
GFSN National League

The Gay Football Supporters Network National League (often referred to as the GNL) is an amateur league competition for gay football clubs across the United Kingdom. The league is associated with the GFSN - football supporters group catering for the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) community. The league was formed in 2002 with four founder members, and has steadily grown to fifteen teams since its inception plus five associate members who play in the GFSN National Cup. It is the only national LGBT league in the world.
There is a strong feeling of community across the league, born out of the GFSN. Over a match-day weekend, it is likely that both teams will socialise before (and after) the match, which has led to close friendships, friendly rivalries, maybe more. This community-ethos and friendliness of the league is an important factor in its success, although in recent times a very definite competitive edge has started to appear.
History.
In the middle of the 1990s a number of gay football clubs were forming across the United Kingdom, primarily to offer LGBT people in their local region the opportunity to play football in a welcoming and friendly environment. As the teams grew in size, 5-a-side tournaments and 11-a-side friendly fixtures were organised between teams.
Eventually in 2002, a competitive league was formed, founded by four teams; Yorkshire Terriers F.C, Leicester Wildecats F.C, Leftfooters F.C. (based in London), and Bristol Panthers F.C. The first GNL fixture kicked-off on Sunday 29 September 2002, with Leicester Wildecats defeating Yorkshire Terriers 5-1.
The GFSN National League has no affiliation with the Football Association (FA), and is not linked to the National League System, although the GFSN itself does have a relationship with the FA in its attempts to eradicate discrimination and homophobia from football.
Format And Rules.
The GFSN National League does not require teams to "register" players in advance of a season/match. A team can field players of any sexuality or gender, making the league unique in that both woman and men take part together. Players do not have to be pre-registered before they play, unlike normal local amateur leagues.
The competition rules are exactly the same as normal 11-a-side FA rules, with one alteration to Law 3 - The Number of Players. Teams are permitted to make rolling substitutions, and players are permitted to be substituted back on to the field of play even if they have been earlier substituted off the pitch.
Inaugural 2002/2003 Season.
The season ended in exhilarating (and some say controversial) style with the Bristol Panthers becoming the first GNL Champions, after defeating Leftfooters FC 16-0. Bristol needed to win the match by 13 clear goals to grasp the championship, and rumours consumed the league that Bristol had fielded 'ringers' to ensure the result.
As the league does not register players this rumour was impossible to prove, and the Bristol teamsheet for the Leftfooters match was broadly similar to previous games in the season. However, there is now a strong sense amongst the competing teams that the fielding of "ringers" should be avoided, and all players must subscribe to the ethos of the league. In reality, it's almost impossible to regulate this philosophy and is reliant on the goodwill of the clubs.
Expansion.
Since formation, the league initially expanded slowly to include newly formed teams across the country. Brighton Bandits (renamed in summer 2012 as GFC Brighton & Hove) joined for the 2003/2004 season, and Village Manchester FC were accepted into the league in 2005/2006 - replacing the then-champions Bristol Panthers, who dropped out citing lack of players.
More recently, the popularity of gay football across the country has increased. Many new teams have formed, and three were accepted into the league for the 2006/2007 season: Birmingham Blaze FC, London Titans FC, and GFC Bournemouth, doubling the size of the original league. The fixture format was changed to a Six Nations style format - either home or away - with home advantage alternating annually.
Two further clubs were accepted into the league for 2007/08 season: London Falcons FC and Nottingham Ball Bois FC.
In 2008/09, Village Manchester withdrew from the league and were replaced by HotScots FC of Edinburgh, and GFC Bournemouth re-branded as GFC Bournemouth & Hampshire to reflect their growing number of players from Poole, Southampton and Portsmouth. The GFSN branch of London Falcons FC also separated from their parent club and re-branded as Falcons GFC, now existing as an independent club. Nottingham Ball Bois, in only their second season, went on to win the League with a game in hand.
The league remained as a single division for the 2009/10 season, with twelve teams taking part (following the successful league applications of Cardiff Dragons FC and Newcastle Panthers FC).
The players in the league are amateurs and do not receive any fees or subsidies for taking part. Teams only receive funds from local sponsors, fundraisers, or shirt sponsorship. The increasing number of teams (meaning more travel and associated costs) created both a financial and time-consuming burden on players to attend all matches and events throughout a season.
Therefore, the league split into two divisions of six in 2010/11 to minimise travelling and costs. GFC Bournemouth & Hampshire FC withdrew, but were replaced by Trowbridge Tigers FC who joined as the League's first majority straight team.
In 2011/12 three new teams were welcomed into the league - Bristol Panthers FC (who had re-formed in 2009), Devon Lions FC, and Glasgow's Saltire Thistle FC. The additions led to a further reconstruction, with three leagues of five created and the return of home and away games. London Titans FC became the first club to successfully defend the title.
2012/13 Season.
Two new teams were admitted into the league in 2012/13 - Mersey Marauders FC from Liverpool and Wolverhampton Harts GFC (renamed in October 2013 as Wolves Warriors AFC). Devon Lions FC withdrew from the league, though remain active and are invited to smaller-sided GFSN tournaments. GFC Brighton & Hove withdrew from the league towards the end of the season, though remain as GFSN League associate members. The league celebrated its tenth anniversary on 29 September 2012, and London Falcons GFC won the league with one match to spare.
2013/14 Season.
Fifteen clubs are competing in three divisions, with London Falcons GFC looking to defend their title, and Hotscots FC and Saltire Thistle FC taking part in the league's first all-Scottish derby matches. Founding members Yorkshire Terriers FC and Leicester Wildecats FC make up the top flight.
National Knock-out Cup Competition.
The GFSN Cup was introduced for the 2006/2007 season, when the league expanded to eight teams. It was felt that playing 14 home and away league fixtures was too much for an amateur national league. The introduction of the Six Nations format to the League freed up more space in the GFSN calendar - and thus a knock-out cup competition was introduced.
The GFSN Cup is open to both members of the GFSN National League and Associate Members; Associate Members include those clubs who have yet to apply for league membership.
For the 2009/10 season, the GFSN Cup became a voluntary competition which would only take place if a minimum of eight teams enter. However, all clubs have continued to enter to date, with the current fifteen League teams and five associate members choosing to participate in 2013/14.
Associate Clubs.
Stonewall Football Club, a gay team based in London, do not compete in the Gay National League, instead taking part in the Middlesex County League - although they do have second and third teams that take part in friendlies and other tournaments including the GFSN Cup and other GFSN-related tournaments.
Village Manchester FC also compete in their local FA league and the GFSN Cup, though have expressed interest in re-joining the GFSN League following their withdrawal in 2008.
London Phoenix FC and London Romans FC compete in The London Unity League (otherwise known as the L.U.L.), but also play in the GFSN Cup.
GFC Brighton & Hove are the fifth associate member club.
Other Clubs.
There are also several other LGBT-friendly teams around the UK & Ireland which do not currently participate in the GFSN League or Cup: GFC Bournemouth & Hampshire and Devon Lions FC remain in existence and are invited to participate in smaller-sided GFSN-related tournaments, Bexley Invicta FC (SE London/NW Kent) and Dublin Devils FC. Attempts to start up a club in Belfast are reportedly underway.
All new clubs are eligible to apply for entry to the league and/or cup, as are previous league members - though entry into the competitions is decided at a meeting of the current league clubs' managers.
Other Leagues.
The other established gay football league in Britain is The London Unity League (otherwise known as the L.U.L.) which caters for players representing GFSN clubs in the London area generally. Two similar leagues have recently been set up in the Midlands and South West England.
External links.
GFSN League Clubs:
Associate and other GFSN-affiliated clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="9693260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693260" title="National Republican Convention">
National Republican Convention

The National Republican Convention was a Nigerian political party established by the government of General Ibrahim Babangida and ultimately disbanded by the incoming military regime of General Sani Abacha in 1993.
Alignment.
The party was organized to cater to the conservative leanings of some Nigerians, it flourished in the core northern states and Eastern states of Abia and Enugu. However, many felt there was little difference between the party and its competitor, the Social Democratic Party, another government created party. Both parties were under the supervision of the military government and most of its presidential candidates favored a continuation of the Structural Adjustment Programme of the Babangida administration. 
Party history.
The party was largely an amalgamation of three major organizations, the Liberal Convention, the Nigeria National Congress and the Federalists. In its first presidential primary, the race was dominated by a few prominent Hausa-Fulani leaders. Adamu Ciroma, a former minister and former governor of the central bank was its leading candidate; he collected about 270,000 votes. Umaru Shinkafi, came in second with about 250,000.
The party was under the leadership of Tom Ikimi, an architect from Edo State.

</doc>
<doc id="9693287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693287" title="Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen">
Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen

Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen (1320 – 1 December 1398) was the fourth and last husband of Joanna I of Naples. He also held the title of Prince of Taranto. He nickname was Otto the Tarantine.
Biography.
He was the eldest son of Henry II, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen (c. 1289 - 1351) and his first wife Jutta of Brandenburg. 
In 1353, he married his first wife Violante of Vilaragut, a daughter of Berengar de Villaragut and widow of James III of Majorca. There were no children from this marriage. By 1372, Otto was a widower.
On 25 September 1376, Otto married his second wife, the three times widowed Queen Joanna I of Naples. The groom was fifty-six years old and the bride about forty-eight. The marriage was childless.
The so-called Western Schism started in 1378 with the election of two rival Popes, Urban VI of Rome and Clement VII of Avignon. Joanna supported Clement VII and allied herself with his main supporter Charles V of France. With no hope of having further children of her own, Joanna chose to strengthen her alliance with France by adopting Louis of Anjou, younger brother of Charles V, as her heir.
Urban VI proclaimed Joanna deposed in 1381. He named her second cousin Charles of Durazzo as his candidate for the supposedly vacant throne. Charles spent the following months gathering his army within Kingdom of Hungary and then marched against the Kingdom of Naples. Otto led the Neapolitan army in battle but was defeated.
Otto was exiled from Naples and would never return. Joanna was strangled in prison in the Castle of San Fele on 12 May 1382. Charles of Durazzo became King Charles III of Naples while Louis of Anjou became a rival candidate for his throne.
Otto survived Joanna by at least sixteen years but never remarried. He died childless at Foggia and was succeeded by his first cousin, once removed Eric I, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen, previously Duke of Einbeck.

</doc>
<doc id="9693318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693318" title="Eddie O'Brien (hurler)">
Eddie O'Brien (hurler)

Eddie O'Brien (born January 12, 1945 in Passage West, County Cork) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Passage and with the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1960s and 1970s.
Biography.
Eddie O'Brien was born in Passage West, County Cork in 1945. He was educated locally and later worked in the boatyards in Passage. In 1972 O'Brien retired from hurling and emigrated to the United States where he settled down with his American wife of Irish and Italian descent. He had a highly successful career in corporate security and retired in 2007. O'Brien now divides his time between his family home in Queens and his holiday homes in Northern New Jersey and Florida. He is active in his church parish as well as beautifying his neighborhood. He remains in excellent physical condition and enjoys biking, swimming, nature walks and golf, however, fishing is his real passion.
Playing career.
Club.
O'Brien played his club hurling with his local club in Passage. He enjoyed some success at juvenile levels before moving onto the club’s top team. Passage played in the county intermediate championship and last won the title in 1960, prior to O'Brien's playing days. He played with the club's tp team throughout the 1960s and 1970s, however, he enjoyed little success apart from a city division senior football title in 1969. O'Brien was regarded as a better Gaelic footballer than a hurler and is considered to be Passage's greatest ever footballer.
Inter-county.
O'Brien first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork minor hurling team in the early 1960s. He lined out for Cork in this grade in 1963, however, his side was defeated in the early rounds of the championship. In 1964 O'Brien was a key member of both the Cork under-21 hurling team. Success was slow in coming but the big breakthrough for Cork and O'Brien came in 1966. That year he won a Munster title with the under-21 team following a 5-12 to 2-6 defeat of Limerick . The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Cork play Wexford in an interesting encounter. After an entertaining sixty minutes of hurling both sides finished level with Cork scoring 3-12 to Wexford’s 5-6. The replay took place shortly afterwards, however, both sides finished all square again with 4-9 apiece. A second replay had to be played to eventually find a winner. At the third time of asking Cork emerged victorious with a huge tally of 9-9 to 5-9. This victory gave Cork their first All-Ireland title in this grade and gave O'Brien a coveted All-Ireland under-21 medal. 
By this stage O'Brien was already a member of the Cork senior hurling team. He made his debut in 1965, however, Cork were thrashed by Tipperary in the Munster final. In spite of this O'Brien was not a member of the panel in 1966 when Cork captured both the Munster and All-Ireland titles.
By 1969, however, O'Brien was back on the senior team. That year he tasted success early in the year Cork defeated Wexford by 3-12 to 1-14 to take the National Hurling League title. This victory gave Cork a huge boost going into the Munster campaign where the team qualified to meet Tipperary in the final. Cork were out to avenge the nine-point defeat administered by the same side in 1968 while Tipp were out to capture a third provincial title in-a-row. The game was a major triumph for Cork as ‘the Rebels’ won by 4-6 to 0-9. It was a victory that made up for all the beatings that Tipp had dished out to Cork in the early part of the decade and it gave O'Brien a first Munster winners’ medal. This victory paved the way for an All-Ireland showdown with Kilkenny. The game was there for the taking for Cork, particularly after Kilkenny forward Pat Delaney left the field on a stretcher. ‘The Rebels’ led ‘the Cats’ coming into the last quarter, however, Kilkenny scored five unanswered points in the last seven minutes to win by 2-15 to 2-9. 
In 1970 Cork were still regarded as one of the best teams in the country and expectations were high. At the start of the year Cork defeated New York with an aggregate score of 5-21 to 6-16 to take the National League title. It was O'Brien's second winners’ medal in the competition. For the third year in-a-row Cork qualified for the Munster final where Tipperary provided the opposition. It was the first eighty minute final in the history of the provincial championship and a close affair developed. At the final whistle Cork were the victors by 3-10 to 3-8 and O'Brien captured his second Munster title. Cork later qualified for the All-Ireland final where Wexford were the opponents. On the night before the final O'Brien has admitted to sneaking away from the hotel where his team mates were staying and went to a pub in Dún Laoghaire where he drank nine pints of Guinness. This didn't affect his impact on the game the following day in a game that broke all records with a huge 64-point score line. O'Brien scored a hat-trick of goals to help his team to a 6-21 to 5-10 victory. It was his only All-Ireland medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9693337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693337" title="Kilo railway station">
Kilo railway station

Kilo is a station on the VR commuter rail network on the Rantarata line located in Kilo, a district of the city of Espoo in Finland. It is situated between Leppävaara railway station and Kera railway station, approximately northwest/west of Helsinki Central railway station.
History.
Kilo station has had three station buildings. The first was merely a small wood-heated cabin. The second was a larger wooden building and also included the white house of the track guardian, which still stands between the Kilo and Kera stations. This larger building was torn down in the early 1980s and replaced by a smaller sheet-metal building that served as the station's third station building. This latter building, which had been used as a kiosk since VR stopped selling tickets in Kilo at the beginning of the 2000s, has now been moved to a field across Lansanpurontie from the train station. 
In the 1980s, there was a small factory south of the tracks, right next to the station, but it was torn down, and many low-rise apartment buildings have been built in its place. The level crossing to the west of the station was removed in the middle of the 1990s and replaced by a tunnel east of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="9693352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693352" title="Chienlit">
Chienlit

Chienlit is a traditional French term typically translated as "masquerade" (French Mascarade) or "carnival/chaos". It was brought to notoriety by General Charles de Gaulle in an angry speech during the student protests in Paris during May 1968 in France, when he used the vernacular term as a scatological pun ""La réforme oui, la chie-en-lit non"" meaning "Reform yes, but chaos - no" whilst the pun was "Reform - yes, shit in bed - no" . 
The term is now common parlance in French political commentary, used both critically and ironically referring back to de Gaulle.
Origins.
The blurred etymological origin of "chie-en-lit" / "chienlit" was the medieval carnival/masquerade when peasants and artisans had one day per year to celebrate, to abandon all work and chores, to abandon contemporary mores and conventions, to crap in bed. Somebody would be chosen as king for a day, and even the lord of the manor sometimes joined in, enduring ritual humiliation, such as being led through the streets like a servant, or slave, or dog.
The first known appearance of the term is in the 16th century novel "The Life of Gargantua and of Pantagruel" by François Rabelais. and it was used by Émile Zola in both Nana (1880), and L'Assommoir (1887).
Charles de Gaulle.
'Chienlit' was brought to notoriety by General Charles de Gaulle in an angry speech during the student protests in Paris during May 1968 in France, when he used the vernacular term as a scatological pun ""La réforme oui, la chie-en-lit non"" meaning "shit in bed". He used it first in a private meeting discussing the demand for direct participation in business and government by students and workers. This was first reported by the Minister of Information Georges Gorse and softened by the French media to 'masquerade/chaos'. De Gaulle then repeated it in a TV broadcast for high impact.
Subsequently the students re-used the expression on leaflets where the silhouette of de Gaulle was accompanied by the slogans ""La chienlit, c'est lui ! - the chienlit, it is him!"" and ""La chienlit, c'est encore lui ! - it is still him!"".
The term is now common parlance in French political commentary, used both critically and ironically referring back to de Gaulle.
Chien lit - Dog bed.
De Gaulle's use of obscure vernacular profanity in a major speech was initially mistranslated by "The Guardian" and the English press corps as "chien lit" - "dog bed", alluding to a chaotic, dishevelled, malodorous, flea pit.

</doc>
<doc id="9693384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693384" title="List of Deshastha Brahmins">
List of Deshastha Brahmins

Deshastha Brahmins form a major sub-caste of Brahmins in the states of Maharashtra and parts of Karnataka in India.
Most of Chhattrapati Shivaji Maharaj's principal officers were Deshastha Brahmins.Some important contributors were warriors like Neelkanth Sarnaik, Keso Narayan Deshpande, Rahuji Somanath, Balaji and Chimnaji Deshpande of Pune, Ragho Ballal Atre, Moropant Pingale, Annaji Dato Sabnis and Melgiri Pandit.[65 At one point in Maratha Empire, seven of eight Ashtapradhans came from the community which included important posts of Panditrao (ecclesiastical head) and Nyayadhish (chief justice). The Deshasthas were the natural leaders in the era of the foundation of the Maratha empire. Most importantly, all of the Peshwas during Shivaji's time were Deshasthas.
The following is a list of prominent Deshastha Brahmins organized by occupational fields:

</doc>
<doc id="9693386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693386" title="FKF President's Cup">
FKF President's Cup

The FKF President's Cup is the top knockout tournament in Kenyan football. It was created in 1956, but during its existence the knockout tournament has had different names. It is the Kenyan equivalent to the FA Cup.
In 2003 two different cup competition's were held in Kenya because the 4 semi-finalists of the President's Cup withdrew from the KFF and continued with their "Transparency Cup" while the KFF continued their tournament with already eliminated clubs.
Winners.
FA Cup of Kenya:
Kenya Challenge Cup:
Moi Golden Cup:
Transparency Cup:
President's Cup:
KFF Cup:
FKL Cup:
FKF President's Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="9693402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693402" title="Dale Cook">
Dale Cook

Dale Cook (born November 24, 1958) is an American former kickboxer who competed in the middleweight, super middleweight, light heavyweight and cruiserweight divisions. With a background in karate and taekwondo, Cook debuted professionally in 1977 and spent the early part of his career as a full contact rules fighter, winning the PKA World Middleweight Championship. In the 1980s, he began fighting under Oriental and Muay Thai rules and took two world titles under the WKA banner. A short stint in shoot boxing towards the end of his career in the mid-1990s resulted in another world title in that discipline.
An occasional actor, Cook also starred in several action-oriented B-movies in the early 1990s.
Career.
Nicknamed Apollo, Dale Cook began practicing martial arts with taekwondo at the age of fifteen and eventually earned the rank of seventh degree black belt. After taking up kickboxing, he turned professional in 1977 and rose to prominence when he won the PKA World Middleweight Championship. Having fought exclusively under the full contact rule set in the beginning of his career, he later ventured into Oriental rules in the 1980s.
He won his second world title and the first with low kicks on June 12, 1987 when he knocked out Donald Tucker in the first round to claim the WKA world middleweight (-72.5 kg/159.8 lb) title. Following this, he added the WKA super middleweight (-76 kg/167.6 lb) strap to his mantle.
During the late 1980s and early 1990s, Cook challenged six Muay Thai stylists from Thailand, defating five of them and losing once, a second round KO at the hands of Changpuek Kiatsongrit on June 30, 1990 in Tokyo, Japan. On July 30, 1992, he fought Toshiyuki Atokawa at the "Kakutogi Olympics II" in Tokyo in a kickboxing/full contact karate hybrid match. Rounds one and three were fought with boxing gloves, and rounds two and four bare-knuckle with punching to the face disallowed. Cook won on points, and the pair rematched under Seido karate rules on October 4, 1992 in the opening round of the '92 Karate World Cup in Osaka, Japan. The first round was ruled a draw and went to an extension round after which Atokawa won on all five judges' scorecards.
He continued to fight in Japan where he won the shoot boxing world title before retiring in 1996.
After his retirement, Cook opened Apollo's Martial Arts karate and kickboxing gym in his hometown of Tulsa. Among his students are K-1 heavyweights Randy Blake, Todd Hays, George Randolph and Ralph White, as well as the Oklahoma Destroyers World Combat League team. He also runs the Xtreme Fighting League, an Oklahoma-based promotion which features both kickboxing and mixed martial arts matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9693417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693417" title="HMS Umpire (N82)">
HMS Umpire (N82)

HMS "Umpire" (N82) was a Royal Navy U-class submarine built at Chatham Dockyard and sunk in an accident nine days after commissioning with the loss of 22 men.
The submarine was sunk whilst en route from Chatham to join the 3rd Submarine Flotilla at Dunoon, under the command of Lieutenant Mervyn Wingfield. From Dunoon she was to carry out a single working-up patrol in the North Sea before heading to the Mediterranean. She stopped overnight at Sheerness and joined a convoy headed North. The submarine suffered engine failure with one of the two diesel engines and as a result fell behind the convoy; the propellers were driven purely by electric motors on the surface and when submerged with no mechanical linkage to the diesel engines. The convoy passed a Southbound convoy around midnight whilst about off Blakeney, Norfolk, with the two convoys passing starboard to starboard; this was unusual since ships and convoys should pass port to port. No ships showed any lights because of the risk from German E-boats. However, an armed escort trawler, "Peter Hendriks" in the southbound convoy accidentally struck "Umpire" sinking her in 18 metres of water.
Four crew members were on the bridge when the submarine sank - Wingfield, the navigator and two lookouts. However only Wingfield survived in the cold water to be picked up by the trawler. Several other personnel also survived, escaping from the sunken wreck using the conning tower or the engine room escape hatch, the majority wearing DSEA. ERA Killen received a British Empire Medal for leaving the submarine wearing DSEA to check for obstructions around the engine room hatch and then returning to the engine room to assist the other crew members in escaping. He remained in the engine room until everyone else there had escaped. 16 of the crew successfully escaped, 22 crew were lost.
The wreck is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="9693486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693486" title="2000–01 Nordic Football Championship">
2000–01 Nordic Football Championship

The 2000–01 Nordic Football Championship was the fourteenth Nordic Football Championship staged. Six Nordic countries participated, Denmark, the Faroe Islands, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. The tournament was partially played during a joint training camp in La Manga, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9693495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693495" title="Stone quarries of ancient Egypt">
Stone quarries of ancient Egypt

The stone quarries of ancient Egypt once produced quality stone for the construction of decorative monuments such as sculptures and obelisks. These quarries are now recognised archaeological sites. Eighty percent of the ancient quarry sites are in the Nile valley; some of them have disappeared under the waters of Lake Nasser and some others were lost due to modern mining activity.
Some of the sites are well identified and the chemical composition of their stones is also well known, allowing the geographical origin of most of the monuments to be traced using petrographic techniques, including neutron activation analysis.
In June 2006 the Supreme Council of Antiquities (SCA) of Egypt established a new department for conservation of ancient quarries and mines in Egypt. The new department was designed to work in close cooperation with the regional SCA offices, and special training programmes for "Inspectors of Antiquities" will be carried out to enable the regional authorities to tackle inventory, documentation, risk assessment and management of the ancient quarries and mines. 
This article details some of the most important ancient quarry sites in Egypt.
The quarries of Aswan.
The quarries of Aswan are located along the Nile in the city of Aswan. There are a number of well-known sites: Shellal, consisting of northern and southern quarries within an area of about on the west bank, and the islands of Elephantine and Seheil. One of the known directors of the Aswan sites was Hori during the reign of Ramses III. In the present days, the quarry area is to become an open-air museum. 
Typical materials known from this site are:
Some of the monuments known to come from this site are:
Gebel el Ahmar.
Gebel el Ahmar is located near Cairo on the banks of the Nile, near the suburb of Heliopolis. The name means "Red Mountain". The site was in full production in the times of Akhenaton, Amenhophis III, Tutankhamon, and Ramses III. The quarry was directed by Huy, known as "Chief of the King's Works", and also by Hori.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Some of the monuments known to come from this site are:
Silsileh.
Gebel el-Silsila or Gebel Silsileh is north of Aswan along the banks of the Nile. It was a very well known quarrying area throughout all of ancient Egypt due to the quality of the building stone quarried there. The site is a rich archaeological area, with temples cut directly in the hills. Examples include the rock temple of Horemheb on the west bank. Many of the monuments here bear inscriptions of Merenptah, Ramesses II, Hatshepsut, Amenhotep II, and Ramesses III. The quarries and the stone temples here are visible from boats on the Nile.
Some of the monuments known to come from this site are:
Edfu.
These quarries are located north of Edfu.
Some of the monuments known to come from this site are:
Wadi Hammamat.
Wadi Hammamat is a quarrying area located in the Eastern Desert of Egypt. This site is noted because it is described in the first ancient topographic map known, the Turin papyrus map, describing a quarrying expedition prepared for Ramesses IV.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Widan el-Faras.
Widan el-Faras is located on Gebel el-Qatrani, Faiyum, southwest of Cairo in the Western Desert. The quarry landscape of the Northern Faiyum Desert comprise both the Umm es-Sawan and Widan el-Faras basalt quarries, both exploited in the early third millennium BC.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Muqattam hills.
The Muqattam hills is a site located near Memphis.
Typical materials known from this site are:
El Amarna.
The El Amarna site is located a short distance from El Amarna.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Idahet.
The site is located a few kilometres from Idahet, in barren desert terrain. It was abandoned during the Middle Kingdom.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Gabal Abu Dukhan.
The Gabal Abu Dukhan site, near modern Hurghada, was particularly important for the Roman Empire. "Pliny's Natural History" affirmed that the "Imperial Porphyry" had been discovered at an isolated site in Egypt in AD 18, by a Roman legionary named Caius Cominius Leugas. The location of the site was lost for many centuries until it was rediscovered in the 19th century.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Some of the monuments known to come from this site are:
Koptos.
Koptos is located in Wadi Rohanu.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Qurna.
Qurna is located near Thebes. It was an active site during the reign of Amenhotep III.
Typical materials known from this site are:
Other sites.
Other important quarry sites include:

</doc>
<doc id="9693512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693512" title="Szymon Buchbinder">
Szymon Buchbinder

Szymon Buchbinder (, January 6, 1853 in Radzyń Podlaski, Congress Poland, Russian Empire –1908? in Berlin, Germany) was a Polish painter. He studied under Jan Matejko.
There are two Simeon, Simon or Szymon Buchbinders both listed artists and both Polish. The first (1853 to 1908?) painted detailed typically 19th-century oil on panels in the order of 8x10 inches -"The Astronomer" sold London 1996 for £6600.
The later 'Simeon' painted larger oil on panels in the order of 16x17 inches such as the Rabbi illustrated and "Woman with Grapes" in a more free 'art deco' style. In 2005 his 'Bein Schachspiel' sold in Munich for £3344 (plus commission).

</doc>
<doc id="9693514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693514" title="HMS Umpire">
HMS Umpire

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Umpire", probably after the official in the sport of Cricket:

</doc>
<doc id="9693518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693518" title="German submarine U-35 (1936)">
German submarine U-35 (1936)

German submarine "U-35" was a Type VIIA U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine". She was built three years before the start of World War II. The submarine was laid down on 2 March 1936 by Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft at Kiel, launched on 24 September 1936, and commissioned on 3 November that year under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" ("Kptlt.") Klaus Ewerth. The U-boat was featured on the cover of "Life" magazine on 16 October 1939.
"U-35" was scuttled just three months into World War II in November 1939. During her service, she conducted two war patrols and sank four vessels for a total loss of 7,850 tons while damaging one vessel of around 6,014 tons.
Construction and design.
Construction.
"U-35" was ordered by the "Kriegsmarine" on 25 March 1935 (technically in violation of the Treaty of Versailles, but consistent with the soon to be signed Anglo-German Naval Agreement). Her keel was laid down on 2 March 1936 by Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft in Kiel as "Werk 558". She was launched on 24 September 1936 and commissioned on 3 November of that year under the command of "Kptlt." Klaus Ewerth.
Design.
Like all Type VIIA submarines, "U-35" displaced while surfaced and when submerged. She was in overall length and had a pressure hull. "U-35"s propulsion consisted of two MAN 6-cylinder 4-stroke M6V 40/46 diesel engines that totaled . Her maximum rpm was between 470 and 485. The submarine was also equipped with two Brown, Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 electric motors that totaled . Their maximum rpm was 322. These power plants gave "U-35" a total speed of while surfaced and when submerged. This resulted in a range of while traveling at on the surface and at when submerged. The U-boat's test depth was but she could go as deep as without having her hull crushed. "U-35"s armament consisted of five torpedo tubes, (four located in the bow and one in the stern). She could carry up to 11 torpedoes or 22 TMA mines or 33 TMB mines. "U-35" was also equipped with a 8.8 cm SK C/35 naval gun and had 220 rounds stowed on board. Her anti-aircraft defenses consisted of one C30 20 mm AA gun.
Service history.
Pre-war.
"U-35" was known as the "bad luck boat" of the 2nd U-Boat Flotilla ("Saltzwedel") due to several accidents. She was rammed by a freighter in 1937, overrun and badly damaged by the pocket battleship in 1938, and was struck by an aircraft in 1939. She also had some success; "U-35" (together with ), was the first U-boat to patrol the Atlantic, sailing under the command of Hans-Rudolf Rösing to Ponta Delgada in the Azores. She then undertook several patrols to Spain, Ceuta, Gibraltar and Morocco under the command of Hermann Michahelles and Werner Lott. After the death of Michahelles in a car accident, Otto Kretschmer was briefly given "U-35" as his first U-boat command. During a peacetime drill in 1938, her sister boat, "U-30", was involved in a near-fatal collision with "U-35".
Last pre-war patrol.
"U-35"s last pre-war patrol began on 27 August 1939, and took her from Memel (in the Baltic) to Kiel, where she arrived on 1 September, the first day of the invasion of Poland.
First war patrol.
The U-boat departed Wilhelmshaven on 9 September 1939. That day, the submarine fired the first British submarine torpedoes of the war when attacking "U-35" about north of the Dutch island of Schiermonnikoog. The U-boat escaped without damage and sailed northabout the British Isles to attack shipping.
On 18 September she stopped a group of three fishing trawlers west-north-west of St.Kilda. She sank two with gunfire, the 326 ton "Arlita" and the 295 ton "Lord Minto", but allowed the third, the "Nancy Hague", to proceed after taking on the evacuated crews of the other vessels.
After 14:10 on 21 September, "U-35" fired three torpedoes at Convoy OA-7 south-west of the Isles of Scilly. She missed a destroyer and a tanker, but damaged the 6,014 ton British tanker "Teakwood". The damaged ship was taken to Falmouth in Cornwall, escorted by . The one sailor killed onboard the "Teakwood" during this attack was the only person to have been killed during World War II in association with U-35.
At 18:45 on 1 October 1939, 42 miles off Ushant, "U-35" stopped the unarmed neutral 2,239 ton Belgian merchant ship "Suzon", which was carrying 2,400 tons of pit props from Bordeaux to Cardiff. After the crew abandoned ship after an inspection, she was torpedoed and sunk.
Diamantis.
About 13:15 on 3 October, 40 miles west of the Scilly Islands, "U-35" stopped the 4,990 ton Greek freighter "Diamantis", which was taking 7,700 tons of manganese ore from Pepel, Sierra Leone, to Barrow-in-Furness. Like the "Suzon", she was a neutral, but carrying a strategic cargo to Britain and therefore a "legitimate target". The crew, misunderstanding the U-boat's instructions, abandoned ship prematurely. After two G7a torpedoes exploded prematurely, the ship was sunk by a G7e torpedo. Because the ship's lifeboats were not suited for use in bad weather, Lott decided to take all crew members aboard.
"U-35"s commander Werner Lott later commented:
The next day, 4 October, "U-35" was seen by people in Ventry and Ballymore, Co. Kerry easing into the bay. The U-boat launched a dinghy and brought ashore the 28 Greek sailors from the "Diamantis".
The U-boat returned to Wilhelmshaven on 12 October after 34 days at sea.
Commemoration.
On Saturday, 17 October 2009, more than 200 people attended various celebratory events in Ventry to mark the rescue and landing of the Greek seamen. The occasion was organised by the newly formed Ventry Historical Society.
The main ceremony was held on the green in front of Quinn's Pub, where an inscribed commemorative stone was erected. Guests included the German Ambassador Dr. Busso von Alvensleben and the Mayor of the Oinousses Islands in the Aegean, Evangelos Elias Angelakos, who unveiled the memorial stone. Other guests included descendants of Panagos Pateras, the captain and owner of the ill-fated "Diamantis", officers of Southern Command, members of the Irish Coast Guard, the crew of the Valentia lifeboat, and a troop of Sea Scouts from Tralee.
The secretary of the historical society, Dr. Breandán Ó Ciobháin, delivered a welcoming address in Irish, English, Greek, and German, and invited the German ambassador to address the gathering:
Mayor Angelakos said it was a great honor to attend the Ventry ceremony 70 years after the incident: "I would like to remind you of the magnanimous stance of Werner Lott, the commander of the U-35."
Second war patrol.
"U-35" sailed from Wilhelmshaven on her second and final war patrol on 18 November 1939. On 29 November 1939 "U-35" was scuttled by its crew in the North Sea, in position , after a depth charge attack from the British destroyers , , and . Lord Louis Mountbatten, commanding the British squadron, took the extraordinary step of stopping his ships for an extended period of time and sending out boats to rescue the crew of the German submarine adrift in water. Consequently, unusual among U-boats lost during the war, all 43 hands on board survived and were taken prisoner. Indeed, every member of the U-35 crew during its second and final patrol survived the war.

</doc>
<doc id="9693531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693531" title="Honeymoon Hotel (film)">
Honeymoon Hotel (film)

Honeymoon Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9693544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693544" title="Sarych">
Sarych

Sarych (; ; ) is a headland (; translit: "mys") located on shore of the Black Sea on the Crimean Peninsula.
About 5 kilometers from the Sarych headland is the resort town of Foros. The city of Sevastopol is located about 30 km away and Yalta about 40 km. The length from Sarych to the Kerempe headland of Black Sea shore in Turkey is 142 miles, making it the narrowest point of the Black Sea.
A lighthouse is located on the headland, which from 2005, was the subject of a controversy between Ukraine and Russia. From August 3, 2005, the lighthouse is occupied by the Russian Army.
Not paying attention to the ruling of the Government Court in Sevastopol on the subject of the return of 77 geographical objects to Ukraine (including the lighthouse on Sarych), Russian military officials referred to the fact that they only subordinate to the chief of the Russian Navy headquarters and no one else. The Ukrainian public activists state that Sarych is illegally occupied by the Russian Navy. As a military object the territory around the Sarych headland is closed to trespassers with barbed wire with the Russian flag flying above Sarych.
Battle of Cape Sarych.
On 18 November 1914 the waters off Cape Sarych saw the encounter of a Russian and Turkish naval force. The latter consisted of the German battle-cruiser SMS Goeben and the light cruiser SMS Breslau. Both ships were formally purchased by the Ottoman empire and renamed as Yavuz and Midilli, although they retained their German crews. The Russian force consisted of five pre-dreadnought battleships. During the fight only a few salvoes were exchanged. The forces inflicted minor damage upon each other, but the commanding German admiral Wilhelm Souchon broke off the action after Goeben took a hit in one of her 15 cm casemates. He had to be very careful in putting his ship at risk, as the Ottoman Empire didn't provide facilities for repairing a modern ship like the Goeben. So he had to keep her in a battleworthy state.

</doc>
<doc id="9693558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693558" title="Philippine Scout Mutiny">
Philippine Scout Mutiny

The Philippine Scout Mutiny was a mutiny by the Philippine Scouts of the Philippine Division which occurred in July 1924.
The Philippine Scouts were raised by the US Army during the Philippine American War (1899-1902). They served as auxiliaries to the US units and assisted in various duties such as navigation and combat. In the early 1920s, these scouts began to function as American units. They made up the core of the American military rule in the Philippines. However, they were not given the same benefits as their American soldier counterparts. With growing discontent, a mutiny was staged on July 7, 1924 at Fort William McKinley but was quickly quelled.
Many of the scouts who staged the mutiny were sentenced to lengthy prison terms. The US Army made no changes in the Scouts' pay, recruitment policies or leadership promotions. The indifference by American authorities in refusing to acknowledge the disparities would mirror the lasting struggle of Filipino veterans who fought for the United States during World War II for equal benefits. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693576" title="Pohjois-Haaga railway station">
Pohjois-Haaga railway station

Pohjois-Haaga railway station (, ) is a railway station on the Helsinki commuter rail network located in northern Helsinki, Finland. It is located about eight kilometres to the north/northwest of Helsinki Central railway station.
The Pohjois-Haaga station is located in the district of Lassila, between the stations of Huopalahti and Kannelmäki. It is the first station after the split between the Vantaankoski track and the "rantarata" track towards Turku.
Near the station, from underneath the track on the bridge, is a light traffic route, which can be used to follow the train tracks all the way to the city centre. On the other hand, the tracks cannot be followed to the north towards Kannelmäki, because after Pohjois-Haaga, the tracks continue on a narrow bridge. Sometimes, pedestrians use the bridge anyway to get to the other side of Kehä I. This has caused dangerous situations.
The Helsinki City Transport takes responsibility of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="9693581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693581" title="The Little Flying Bears">
The Little Flying Bears

The Little Flying Bears () is an animated television series produced by Zagreb Film and CinéGroupe. It was a Canadian/Croatian co-production which originally aired in 1990.
This cartoon helps children realize the importance of protecting the environment. The series shows the harmful effects of pollution and fires as well as the important role of the ecosystem.
Plot.
The series focuses on a rare species of little bears with wings that live in the magical forest in a utopian cooperative community. The little flying bears together with their friends, took on themselves the task to defend their forest from pollution. However, their efforts, very often, are disturbed by two weasels, Skulk and Sammy, which strive to pollute the forest. Every so often the weasels receive help from Slink the snake. The three always strive to find new ways to disturb the harmony of the forest but their plans are destroyed always by the bears. The bears are always attentive to the advices of the old bear, Plato (who is too old to fly) and his friend Ozzy the owl.
Theme Song.
The theme song was composed by Julie Villandré. The lyrics were written by Jean-Pierre Liccioni and sung by voice actress Sonja Ball.

</doc>
<doc id="9693587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693587" title="Complement component 4">
Complement component 4

Complement component 4 is a protein involved in the complement system.
It is cleaved into proteins 4a and 4b; 4b can be further cleaved into 4c and 4d.
Clinical significance.
It is responsible for the Chido Rodgers blood group system.
C4d has been identified as a biomarker for systemic lupus erythematosus.

</doc>
<doc id="9693588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693588" title="Margaret Sayers Peden">
Margaret Sayers Peden

Margaret Sayers Peden is an award-winning American translator and professor emerita of Spanish at the University of Missouri. She lives and works in Columbia, Missouri.
Life and career.
Her work covers nearly every genre — poetry, novel, theater and belles lettres — from the 16th century to today. Peden received her bachelor's (1948), master's (1963) and doctorate (1966) from the University of Missouri. She started translating while working toward her doctorate in 1964. Peden was writing on Mexican playwright Emilio Carballido and came across a small novel Carballido had written. Peden shared the book with her former late husband, William Peden, who said, "You know I don't read Spanish. Why don't you translate it for me?" So she did. 
Carballido's "The Norther" (El Norte) became her first published translation in 1970. She continued translating and teaching at the University of Missouri until she retired from teaching in 1989. She still translates works today. 
In 2010, Peden's translation of Fernando de Rojas' "La Celestina" won the 2010 Lewis Galantiere Translation Prize, which the American Translators Association awards every other year to a book-length literary translation. 
In 2012, she received the Ralph Manheim Medal for Translation from the PEN American Center. Named in honor of U.S. translator Ralph Manheim, this literary award is given every three years to a translator whose career has demonstrated a commitment to excellence through the body of her work. The medal is awarded in recognition of a lifetime achievement in the field of literary translation. 
Throughout Peden's career, she has translated more than 60 books from Spanish to English and is considered one of the leading translators of her time. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693677" title="The Rape of the Sabine Women (film)">
The Rape of the Sabine Women (film)

The Rape of the Sabine Women is an art film by Eve Sussman, which had its world premiere on 2006-11-26 at the 47th International Thessaloniki Film Festival.
Eve Sussman, an artist and movie producer, was born in England, to American parents, in 1961. She was educated at Robert College of Istanbul, University of Canterbury and Bennington College. Besides the United States, and the Whitney Museum of American Art amongst other institutions her work has been exhibited in Turkey, Austria, United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, Italy, Spain, Croatia, France, Poland and Canada.
The dialogue free film revisits the eponymous classical story in a variety of modern contexts.

</doc>
<doc id="9693682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693682" title="J. E. Kenny">
J. E. Kenny

Joseph Edward Kenny (1845 – 9 April 1900) was an Irish physician, Coroner of the City of Dublin, nationalist politician and Member of Parliament (MP). In the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, he was an Irish Parliamentary Party MP for South Cork from 1885 to 1892, and then a Parnellite MP for Dublin College Green from 1892 until his resignation in 1896. 
Son of J. Kenny, manager of a lead mine at Palmerstown, Co. Dublin, he was educated at the Catholic University of Ireland in Dublin and at the University of Edinburgh, where he obtained his doctorate in medicine (M.D.) in 1870. After returning to Dublin, he became a medical officer to the North Dublin Union and in this role treated smallpox victims in the "sheds" at Glasnevin in the north Dublin epidemic of 1872. He caught the disease himself in spite of having been vaccinated.
An active Irish Nationalist, in 1881 he was arrested under the Coercion Act and confined in Kilmainham Jail. Here his status as a qualified physician was of considerable value to his fellow Nationalist prisoners, including Charles Stewart Parnell, because he was able to insist that the prison authorities provide proper medical care. As a result of this prison term he was dismissed from his post as a medical officer to the North Dublin Union by Chief Secretary W. E. Forster. The Prime Minister Gladstone ordered his reinstatement to this post after his case was raised by Irish members in the House of Commons. Kenny was one of the Treasurers of the Land League and later of the Irish National League. He later became physician to the Catholic national seminary at Maynooth. 
At the 1885 general election, Kenny won South Cork by a huge majority over the Irish Conservative Party candidate. He was then returned unopposed in 1886. When the Irish Party split over Parnell’s leadership in 1890, Kenny supported Parnell. As a result of the hostility of the Catholic Church to Parnell, Kenny was dismissed from his position as Medical Officer at Maynooth College on 23 October 1891, on straightforwardly political grounds. He was one of only nine Parnellites elected to Parliament in 1892, although he easily won Dublin College Green, securing just over 50 per cent of the vote in a three-cornered fight, and defeating the sitting anti-Parnellite T. D. Sullivan. He was then returned unopposed for the same seat in 1895. In July 1891 he was elected as Coroner for the City of Dublin (prior to the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, coroners in Ireland were elected). Kenny resigned his parliamentary seat in 1896 on the ground that he could no longer attend the House of Commons regularly. 
He died in office as Coroner at the relatively young age of about 55, of blood poisoning after a tooth extraction.

</doc>
<doc id="9693693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693693" title="Chymase">
Chymase

Chymases (, "mast cell protease I", "skeletal muscle protease", "skin chymotryptic proteinase", "mast cell serine proteinase", "skeletal muscle (SK) protease") are a family of serine proteases found primarily in mast cells, though also present in basophil granulocytes (e.g. alpha chymase mcpt8). They show broad peptidolytic activity and are involved in a variety of functions. For example, chymases are released by mucosal mast cells upon challenge with parasites and parasite antigens promoting an inflammatory response. Chymases are also known to convert angiotensin I to angiotensin II and thus play a role in hypertension and atherosclerosis.
Because of its role in inflammation it has been investigated as a target in the treatment of asthma.

</doc>
<doc id="9693719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693719" title="The Desperados">
The Desperados

The Desperados is a 1969 western film directed by Henry Levin. The film stars Vince Edwards and Jack Palance.
Plot.
A ruthless preacher, Parson Josiah Galt, leads a band of Southern marauders during the Civil War that includes his sons, David, Adam and Jacob. The parson has turned vengeful and sadistic since the death of his wife.
David can no longer stomach what his family is doing. When his brother Adam tries to rape a girl in a Kansas town that the Galts have just raided and looted, David tries to leave. He is brought back, accused of "treason" by his own father and sentenced to hang.
Managing to escape, David returns to his wife Laura and son Pauly and relocates in Texas under a false name. They live peacefully there for six years and the war ends.
The robberies and killings by the Galts continue, however, and one day they turn up in the Texas town. A conscience-stricken David feels compelled to tell Sheriff Kirkpatrick who they are and who he really is. Then, in a confrontation, David kills his brother Adam.
Parson Galt and son Jacob exact revenge by taking Laura and Pauly captive and then kill David's wife. To get his son back, David learns of a train robbery his father has planned. He foils it and kills his brother Jacob. In a final showdown, Josiah and David fight and both fall to their death.

</doc>
<doc id="9693739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693739" title="Edmund Leamy">
Edmund Leamy

Edmund Leamy (1848 – 10 December 1904) was an Irish journalist, barrister, author of fairy tales, and nationalist politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, where as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party and leading supporter of Charles Stewart Parnell he represented various Irish seats for much of the period from 1880 until his death in 1904.
Leamy was educated at the University High School, Waterford and at the Jesuits Tullabeg College, Co. Offaly. He was called to the Irish bar in 1885. In 1880 he was elected as a Parnellite Home Ruler to one of the two seats for Waterford City. When representation at Waterford was reduced to one seat at the 1885 election, he stood down but was elected unopposed at Cork North East in 1885 and again in 1886. He also stood at Mid Armagh in 1885, but was not elected. Resigning from Cork North East in 1887, he was elected unopposed to a vacancy at South Sligo in 1888. 
When the Irish Parliamentary Party split in December 1890 over Parnell’s leadership, Leamy was one of the minority in the Irish National League who supported Parnell. Parnell made him editor of his newspaper "United Ireland" after regaining editorial control in 1891. At the subsequent general election in 1892, Leamy unsuccessfully contested East Waterford. He also unsuccessfully contested Galway City as a Parnellite in 1895 and as candidate for the reunited Irish Party in 1900. 
However, in 1900 he was re-elected to the House of Commons as Nationalist member for North Kildare, serving until his death in 1904. He died at Pau in southern France where he was staying for the sake of his health. At the request of John Redmond, Pat O'Brien went out to Pau to accompany Leamy's widow and the body for their return to Waterford for the funeral on 21 December 1904.
Leamy's fairy tales, including "The Golden Spears", "By the Barrow River" and "The Fairy Minstrel of Glenmalure", have been reprinted several times in various editions in Ireland and the USA.
The book "Parnell’s Faithful Few" by his widow Margaret Leamy contains a good deal of biographical material and is a significant source for the history of the Parnellite split in the Irish Parliamentary Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9693768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693768" title="Douglas Rye">
Douglas Rye

Douglas Forsythe Rye (Born November 6, 1950 in Westchester, New York) is a Los Angeles-based voice actor who has done Narration for such notable companies as Bank of America, The Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, NBC, The Playboy Channel, Qwest, Carl's Jr. and DaimlerChrysler. Rye has been acting since he was a child, he beat out Christopher Reeve for a role in a summer production at The Lawrenceville School, during his four years there. He studied at New York University with the likes of Olympia Dukakis and Lloyd Richards, and during his time there worked alongside Jason Robards III, Melissa Manchester, Michael McKean and Christopher Guest.
He also worked behind the scenes for many great and classic musical acts. He toured with the Grateful Dead as part of the behind the scenes crew for nine years. He also was a stage hand at the historic Woodstock Festival in 1969. He has even performed as an opening act for Carlos Santana.
Douglas has also been a crew member for such famous musical acts as The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, The Commodores, The Eagles, The Oak Ridge Boys and Mel Tormé.
Douglas is currently known to many people as an American voice actor. His most famous roles are that of Mr. Gentleman on Read or Die and the current voice of Cao Cao in Dynasty Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="9693773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693773" title="Dhauliganga River">
Dhauliganga River

The Dhauliganga is one of the six source streams of the Ganges river. It meets the Alaknanda River at Vishnuprayag in Uttarakhand.
Path.
The -long Dhauliganga rises at an altitude of in the Niti Pass in Chamoli District of Uttarakhand, and subsequently flows through Darma valley. At Raini, from Joshimath, it is joined by the Rishi Ganga river. The Dhauliganga ends at Vishnuprayag, when it runs into the Alaknanda River. Tapovan, known for its hot sulfur springs, is situated on the banks of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="9693779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693779" title="Bulgarian coup d'état of 1923">
Bulgarian coup d'état of 1923

The Bulgarian coup d'état of 1923, also known as the 9 June coup d'état (, "Devetoyunski prevrat"), was a coup d'état in Bulgaria implemented by armed forces under General Ivan Valkov's Military Union on the eve of 9 June 1923. Hestitantly legitimated by a decree of Tsar Boris III of Bulgaria, it overthrew the government of the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union headed by Aleksandar Stamboliyski and replaced it with one under Aleksandar Tsankov.
Background.
The Bulgarian army, defeated in World War I, was limited in size of 20,000 men by the Treaty of Neuilly-sur-Seine. A shadow of its former glory, the army retained weapons hidden away for better times. In 1919 a group of officers led by Generals Ivan Valkov and Velizar Lazarov - and joined by Kimon Georgiev and Damyan Velchev - formed the Military Union. This organization grew over the next couple of years to effectively command the army.
After the war Aleksandar Stamboliyski was released imprisoned in an effort to quell the civil unrest against the wartime government and Tsar Ferdinand. The result had mixed success: Ferdinand abdicated in favor of his son, Boris III, and Stamboliyski became Prime Minister in 1919. His new agrarian government brought about reforms that, although may have been popular with the farmers who comprised over 80% of the population of Bulgaria (in 1920), were unpopular amongst the upper-middle class parties. Even more dangerous for Stamboliyski's government was that the armed forces was not allowed to nominate the Minister of Defence and had no representation in cabinet since the end of the war. This meant that Stamboliyski's government had no support from the army. As the power of the Military Union grew the civilian government was in danger of being overthrown by an unloyal army.
To the dismay of opposition parties and Tsar Boris III, the BANU and Communist Party polled a combined total of 59% of the votes in the 1920 elections. The middle-class, business men and aristocrats worried for their interests that, for the first time, were being seriously challenged by the peasants. As the agrarian government grew more and more autocratic, even sidelining the tsar. A group of the old bourgeois parties ran together in the April 1923 elections as the Constitutional Bloc but only won 17 seats. Fraud and the newly effective first-past-the-post voting system were the culprits; although the BANU was still relatively popular amongst the countrymen. In 1922 after gaining the approval by a plebiscite, the government began trying and imprisoning leaders of opposition parties for their roles in previous wars. In the face of repression, the bourgeois parties decided that the overthrow of the government was a necessity to their survival. 
Based in the Macedonian region of Bulgaria the nationalist and revolutionary Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization carried out attacks against Greece and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in attempt to free the Bulgarian lands under Greek and Yugoslav rule. On March 23, 1923 Stamboliyski signed the Treaty of Niš pledging to suppress their activities. The organization, until now at peace with the government, now began plotting against it.
Preparations.
Opposition parties met with leaders of the Military Union to prepare for the coup. The Military Union, wanting to give an appearance of legality to the ouster of Stamboliyski, needed a civilian government to hand over power to.
The Coup.
On the morning of June 9, 1923, before dawn, the order was given for the garrisons in Sofia to block roads, cut telephone lines, and take control of key objectives such as police stations, post offices and train stations. After three hours, the coup was successful. By 5a.m. a new government led by Aleksandar Tsankov installed in Sofia. The next morning the leaders of the coup meet with Tsar Boris at his palace in Vrana. After a six hour meeting they convinced him to sign a decree legitimizing the new cabinet, on the condition the new government include agrarians and avoid repression. Both of these conditions were ignored.
Aleksandar Stamboliyski was away from the capital on the day of the coup. He was arrested five days later and handed over to IMRO fighters in his home town of Slavovitsa who brutally tortured him for hours, and cut off his hand, before finally murdering him.
Aftermath.
Despite the initial success, the new government was still in danger. In several places, the coup met with the opposition of agrarian activists and individual communist volunteers, an event known in Bulgarian historiography as the June Uprising. The uprising was largely unorganized in its essence, lacking a common leadership - after the death of Stamboliyski - and a nation-wide radius of action. Despite large-scale activity by the rebels around Pleven (which they managed to capture), Pazardzhik and Shumen, it was quickly crushed by the new government. Crucial was the inactivity of the Bulgarian Communist Party.
Unlike the agrarians, the Communists Party of Bulgaria (member of Comintern) had a strong military organization. It was well supplied with arms by BCP followers within the barracks and, unlike the party of the agrarians, was already in the grip of the notorious communist iron discipline. Its position could have decided between the success or failure of the coup. In a move that would prove fatal to both the agrarians and later themselves, the communists did not take part in the June Uprising. Its leadership regarded both the uprising and the coup as "struggle for power between the urban and rural bourgeoisie" and as a replacement of one military dictatorship - that of the rural bourgeoisie and their 'posse comitatus', with another - that of the urban upper middle class. The party's stance of neutrality allowed the new government to crush the rebels and consolidate its power.
Under pressure from the Comintern, who condemned their inactivity, the Communist Party made preparations in August for an uprising the following month. This short time frame did not allow for nation-wide organization. Furthermore the new government was made aware of the impending rebellion and subjected the communists to mass arrests. This crippling pre-emptive blow crippled the rebels and who finalized plans for an uprising on the eve of September 23. The insurrection was put down by the army. Thousands of rebels were killed without charge or trial.
This marked the debut of Aleksandar Tsankov's reign of "white terror", prompting the future bombing of the St Nedelya Church, prompting, in turn, martial law and an intensification of the terror.

</doc>
<doc id="9693789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693789" title="Dave Edwards (musician)">
Dave Edwards (musician)

Dave Edwards (January 11, 1941 – August 12, 2000) was an American big band-style musician who most notably was the lead alto saxophonist and multireedist for the long running, weekly Lawrence Welk Show on T.V. for over a decade from 1968 through 1979.
Early life, education, and growing up in Alabama.
Born in Opelika, Alabama and raised in Tuskegee, his family later moved to Fairhope, Alabama. He attended Auburn University where he played the saxophone and reeds (Multireedist) with the Auburn Knights Orchestra; Edwards would later try to complete his education at California State University, Los Angeles during the late-1980s while residing in Burbank. Out of school early from Auburn University (having played with The Auburn Knights Orchestra and singer Toni Tennille) he would play on the road with Richard Maltby and then the Glenn Miller Orchestra before being drafted into the United States Army and stationed with the NORAD band in Colorado Springs, CO.
Armed Forces and NORAD band.
While stationed at the North American Air Defense Command (NORAD) during the 1960s, Dave Edwards would serve in the United States Army and play in the American/Canadian, joint armed serves NORAD Commanders Jazz Band alongside future Lawrence Welk Show musicians Richard Maloof and Johnny Zell. Stationed in Colorado Springs, CO, this unit became one of the elite musical groups of the armed forces during the Cold War/Vietnam era due to the plethora of talented, young musicians being drafted into military service. Edwards would first meet long time musical associates Dave Wolpe, Warren Luening, Bob Payne, and Larry Ford while stationed at Colorado Springs. He toured extensively with the NORAD musical groups to included appearances at Carnegie Hall (May 1966), the Hollywood Bowl and Disneyland (September 1966), Expo '67 - Montreal World's Fair, the Canadian National Exposition in Toronto, Canada(August and September 1967), the CBS "Mike Douglas Show", the "Today Show", and NBC's "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".
The Lawrence Welk Show 1968-1979.
After being discharged from the United States Army he moved to Los Angeles and joined the Lawrence Welk Show orchestra in early 1968. In his first season with the show he replacing Mahlon Clark on 2nd alto sax in the reed section and then moved later to playing the lead alto/reed chair with Russ Klein moving to tenor. Edwards performed on the Welk weekly television show during the time of being with ABC-TV (up to 1971) and then in syndication; he left in 1979 being replaced by reedman Skeets Herfurt. The sax/reed section for the Lawrence Welk Show would finally be settled into having Edwards-lead, Dale-2nd, Cuesta-jazz tenor/clarinet soloist, Klein-2nd tenor, Davis-baritone. During this time Edwards proved to be one of the finest lead alto players for big bands and orchestras of a generation being able to fit any style, display incredible consistency, and having total command of playing lead picollo/flute/clarinet/soprano sax or alto sax. The schedule for rehearsing and taping the show was rigid, constant, and sometimes hectic; the musicians were expected to play almost exclusively for the Welk T.V. production rehearsals plus live taping (with studio audience) every week at the Hollywood Palladium from 1968 to 1976, 1976-77 at the Hollywood Palace, and CBS Television City from 1977 to 1979.
Later professional work and style.
Edwards was prominent on movie and T.V. soundtracks on shows such as the ABC Captain & Tennille Variety Hour; he is most well known for playing the credits theme (soprano saxophone) for the 1980s T.V. show "Moonlighting". During this time he lived in Burbank, CA near NBC Studios. While working in Los Angeles during the late 1960s, 1970's and 1980s Edwards played and recorded with a wide range of artists to include Ernestine Anderson, Nat Pierce, Roger Neumann, Frank Capp, Frank Sinatra Jr. and Madeline Vergari. Though his musical style could readily transform to the many venues or artists he played with, Edwards' personal saxophone playing was most heavily influenced by the alto saxophonists Charlie Parker and Cannonball Adderley. This style was much better shown when Edwards had the rare opportunity to be featured (at length) in 1987 on the premiere of Charlie Richard's "Suite for Alto Sax and Jazz Orchestra".
Edwards later relocated in the 1990s to the Orlando, Florida region (with his wife Phyllis and sons David and Charles) and continued to work for Disneyworld, several bands locally, and across the country. Edwards commented on the need to move away from the difficulties of living in the Los Angeles area and wanted to relocate back to the South.
Edwards died suddenly on August 12, 2000, from cardiac arrest at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="9693794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693794" title="Up from Paradise">
Up from Paradise

Up from Paradise is a musical with a book and lyrics by Arthur Miller and music by Stanley Silverman.
In 1972, Miller's comedy "The Creation of the World and Other Business" closed after only twenty performances. Undaunted by its failure, he revamped it as a musical, a retelling of God's battle with Lucifer for control of Adam and Eve as chronicled in the Book of Genesis.
"Up from Paradise" was staged at Miller's alma mater, the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, in 1973. It was presented in concert form in the Composers' Showcase at the Whitney Museum in Manhattan in 1981. A fully staged off-Broadway production, directed by Ran Avni, opened on October 25, 1983 at the Jewish Repertory Theater. The cast included Len Cariou as God, Austin Pendleton as Adam, Alice Playten as Eve, Walter Bobbie as Lucifer, and Lonny Price as Abel.

</doc>
<doc id="9693806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693806" title="Pukinmäki railway station">
Pukinmäki railway station

Pukinmäki (Finnish) or Bocksbacka (Swedish) is a railway station in the Pukinmäki district of Helsinki, Finland. It is located between the stations of Oulunkylä and Malmi, along the main railroad track from Helsinki to Riihimäki, on top of Kehä I.
Departure tracks.
North
To Helsinki Central

</doc>
<doc id="9693815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693815" title="Johannes Voigt">
Johannes Voigt

Johannes Voigt (August 27, 1786 – September 23, 1863) was a German historian born in Bettenhausen, which today is situated in the district of Schmalkalden-Meiningen. 
He studied history, theology and philology at the University of Jena, where two of his instructors were Heinrich Luden (1778-1847) and Johann Jakob Griesbach (1745–1812). After graduation he was an instructor in Halle before becoming a professor at the University of Königsberg in 1817. He died in Königsberg. His son Georg Voigt (1827–1891) was a famous historian.
Johannes Voigt is remembered for his large number of writings concerning the history of Prussia. However, his best-known work was a book about Pope Gregory VII titled "Hildebrand als Papst Gregor VII und sein Zeitalter". It is considered an important work because it is an impartial writing by a Protestant who depicts Gregory as a reformer.

</doc>
<doc id="9693816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693816" title="Sexey's School">
Sexey's School

Sexey's School is a state boarding school in Bruton, Somerset, England that also takes some day pupils from the surrounding area. Sexey's School is named after Hugh Sexey who, in 1599, was appointed as a Royal auditor to Elizabeth I and later as a Royal auditor to James I. Sexey's Hospital was established in 1619 from the proceeds of his will, and the school was founded in 1889. State boarding schools are most unusual in England and Wales. The school became an Academy in August 2011.
History.
Sexey's School dates back to a Trade School which was designed by Norwich based architect George Skipper and was established on 6 April 1891 with 15 boys. The Head Master and the boys moved into temporary premises in a house known as 'The Glen' on Quaperlake Street in Bruton. At the end of its first year there were 40 boys at the school learning basic subjects including practical mechanics, land measuring and elementary science. The school was moved to its current site and re-founded in 1898. The first Head Master was William Albert Knight
Sexey's was a grammar school until the Education Act 1944, after which it became a Voluntary controlled school. In 1991 it adopted Grant Maintained status and in September 1999 it became a Voluntary aided school.
It remained an all-boys school until 1977 when it became fully co-educational. Boarding facilities were expanded in the 1980s with the building of two new boarding houses — Lisbury House and Coombe House, making Sexey's one of the largest schools of its type in the country. The school has continued expansion with the introduction of a policy in 2003 to take day pupils from a local catchment area of 1.5 miles. Prior to this the last day pupil was admitted in 1983. In 2001 the school had 394 students. In 2007 there were 512 students.
On the 24 November 2013 the incumbent Secretary of State for Education, the Rt. Hon Michael Gove MP described Sexey's as, "One of the most outstanding schools in the country," during an interview on The Andrew Marr Show on BBC1.
Sexey's has complex funding arrangements being a school that has both state (government funded) and independent (charity funded) income.
Boarding.
, the school had around 300 boarders. Around two thirds of the school, and one third of sixth form are boarders. There are four boarding houses:
School song.
The school song is a devotional chorus which is mentioned in the first school magazine in 1897.
Hear mighty Lord,
Thy Sexeian's humble cry:
Hear, mighty Lord.
Inspire with motives high
For work and School.
For students here and past
Grant thankfulness,
And endless rest at last.
2002 calendar.
In 2001, a group of pupils produced a glossy calendar as part of a Young Enterprise business project, sold for charity, called "Sexey's Hot Twelve",that featured 12 pictures of boys and girls in seductive poses. Child protection groups criticised the calendar for its potential attraction to adults who prey on vulnerable young people. The school reported that they had received no complaints, and that most of the 500 copies were bought immediately after going on sale.

</doc>
<doc id="9693826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693826" title="Vin¢ Clarke">
Vin¢ Clarke

A(ubrey) Vince(nt) Clarke (1922-1998), often known as Vin¢ Clarke, was a well-known British science fiction fan.
He first made contact with fandom in 1938, and was active as a fanwriter and editor from 1948, including "Science Fantasy News". He shared the fannish "Epicentre" flat in London with Ken Bulmer (with whom he collaborated on some sf novels). He was the first winner of the TransAtlantic Fan Fund (TAFF) in 1954, but was unable to take the trip. He was active in running conventions, including the 1957 Worldcon, "Loncon I". In 1958 he helped inspire the formation of the British Science Fiction Association. He dropped almost all contact with fans in 1960 after his wife Joy left him for fellow fan Sandy Sanderson, and did not return to fandom until 1982. He was Fan Guest of Honour at the 1995 Worldcon, "Intersection". In his later years he remained active in fandom, maintaining an extensive library of Science Fiction fanzines, co-editing the fanzine "Pulp" and contributing to work documenting UK fannish history. He died on 29 November 1998 from pneumonia following a long illness. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693840" title="List of settlements and parishes in Waverley">
List of settlements and parishes in Waverley

Civil parishes in Waverley are depicted and alphabetically are:

</doc>
<doc id="9693865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693865" title="Get Buck">
Get Buck

"Get Buck" is the second single off American rapper Young Buck's second album, "Buck the World". It was released on February 13, 2007 through G-Unit Records. The track was produced by Polow da Don. It was the only track off the album to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #87.
The beat for this song was used on Ludacris' "Politics As Usual".
Music video.
The music video features cameos by DJ Drama, Lil Scrappy, Young Jeezy, E-40, Young Dro, Rich Boy, Polow da Don, Young Noble & E.D.I. of Outlawz as well as fellow G-Unit Records members Tony Yayo, Young Hot Rod, Spider Loc & Lloyd Banks.

</doc>
<doc id="9693866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693866" title="Myeloblastin">
Myeloblastin

Myeloblastin (, "leukocyte proteinase 3", "leukocyte proteinase 4", "Wegener's granulomatosis autoantigen", "proteinase PR-3", "proteinase-3", "PMNL proteinase") is an enzyme. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
This enazyme is present in polymorphonuclear leukocyte granules. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693869" title="Council for Assisting Refugee Academics">
Council for Assisting Refugee Academics

The Council for Assisting Refugee Academics (CARA) is a British charitable organization dedicated to assisting academics who, for reasons including persecution and conflict, are unable to continue their research in their countries of origin. Academics are given funding and other support to relocate to the United Kingdom and/or rebuild their careers. 
The organization, originally named the Academic Assistance Council (AAC), was founded in 1933 to assist Jewish and other academics forced to flee the Nazi regime. It was consolidated to become the Society for the Protection of Science and Learning (SPSL) in 1936, and in 1999 was renamed CARA. The charity is currently based on the premises of London Southbank University and continues to provide support to academics in danger.
History.
The Academic Assistance Council (AAC) was initiated in April 1933 by William Beveridge. Whilst en route to Vienna he learnt of the dismissal of a number of leading professors from German universities on racial and/or political grounds and was moved to launch a ‘rescue operation’ for the increasing numbers of displaced academics. On his return to Britain Beveridge set about enlisting the support of prominent academics.. 
By May 22, 1933, a founding statement had been produced and it was circulated amongst British universities, politicians and philanthropists. This initial rallying call focused on the need for practical support, assistance escaping persecution and relocating in British universities, and deliberately avoided making any sort of political comment. 
The council was formed of 41 men and women active in British intellectual activities. The council included J S Haldane and Frederick Gowland Hopkins, Lord Ernest Rutherford, Lord Rayleigh, William Bragg. Rutherford and A.V. Hill joined as President and vice President of the council, Beveridge one of two honorary secretaries.
In October 1933 ten thousand people attended an AAC event at the Albert Hall at which Albert Einstein spoke on the importance of Academic Freedom. In his address Einstein encouraged his audience to "resist the powers which threaten to suppress intellectual and individual freedom" and spoke of our duty to "care for what is eternal and highest amongst our possessions".
In 1936 the AAC changed its name to the Society for Protection of Science and Learning (SPSL). This change reflected the development of the understanding of the role of the organisation from assisting individual academics to the protection of academic freedom itself. Thousands of academics were helped by SPSL in the 1930s and 1940s. Many of these were of great distinction. Sixteen became Nobel Laureates, eighteen were knighted and over a hundred were elected as Fellows of the British Academy or the Royal Society. Ludwig Guttmann went on to found the Paralympics; Max Born was a pioneer of quantum mechanics and was one of the most prominent physicists to oppose the development of nuclear weapons; and Ernst Chain would be instrumental in the discovery of penicillin.
The SPSL’s work continued even after the Second World War had come to an end. Beveridge would later explain in his "A Defence of Free Learning" (1959) how "although Hitler was dead, intolerance was not" and "continued needs and the possible future crises" rendered the Society’s services as necessary as ever, in Europe and across the world.
SPSL continued to support displaced academics through the second part of the 1940s and through the 1950s, notably those who sought refugee from the Maoist regime in China and the Stalinist regime in the USSR. A number of scholars, writers and artists were rescued from the apartheid regime in South Africa in the 1960s and 1970s. Most prominent of these was human rights leader Albie Sachs who was assisted by SPSL in 1966, then again in 1988. Sachs describes the "immense moral and emotional comfort" which SPSL’s assistance provided and continues to be a supporter of the charity. SPSL’s work continued in the 70s and 80s with the assistance of academics that fled Augusto Pinochet’s Chile.
Since the 90s SPSL’s focus has shifted to the Middle East, particularly Iraq and Iran, and to troubled regions of Africa. In 1999 SPSL was renamed Council for Assisting Refugee Academics (CARA).
Prominent academics assisted by AAC/SPSL/CARA.
Amongst the 1,500 academics assisted in the early years, sixteen went on to win Nobel Prizes, eighteen received Knighthoods, well over a hundred were elected as Fellows of The Royal Society and The British Academy, and many more became leaders in their respective fields.
Organisation.
CARA has a Council of Management of twenty-five recruited predominantly from the world of academia. The Council meets annually in June ahead of CARA’s Annual General Meeting and the Committees twice a year. Mrs Anne Londsdale is Chair of the Council and Professor Sir Deian Hopkin is Vice-Chair. The Executive Director, Stephen Wordsworth, is charged with the day-to-day management of CARA and its members of staff.
Current work.
CARA’s current work is carried out by three distinct programmes. Each of these programmes, particularly the UK programme, works in close cooperation with the CARA / SAR UK Universities Network.
UK Programme: The UK Programme provides Grants which aim to enable refugee academics to achieve employment in the UK at a level commensurate with their skills and experience in the long term. Grants can support refugee academics to re-qualify in a range of professions in the UK such as teaching, academia, engineering, law, the charity sector and medicine etc. CARA typically holds two grant rounds a year, with deadlines for applications every January and March. Decisions on applications are made by the Allocations Committee two months after the deadlines. A huge amount of support which is not financial in nature is also offered by CARA’s UK programme by way of general advice, introductions and the negotiation of fee waivers.
Iraq Programme: The Iraq Programme was launched in late 2006 in response to a targeted campaign of assassination and kidnap against Iraq's academics. Over 350 were murdered between 2003 and 2012, with thousands driven into exile or internally displaced. Through a number of complementary initiatives and in keeping with its mandate, CARA has sought to ensure that their skills and expertise are not lost to Iraq or the wider region.
Zimbabwe Programme: CARA's Zimbabwe Programme was launched in 2009, in response to a marked increase in the number of academics fleeing Zimbabwe and reports of the dramatic decline in the quality of the higher education sector. The Zimbabwe Programme aims to support the resurgence of Zimbabwe’s higher education sector as a beacon in southern Africa, central to which is the mitigation against the permanent and catastrophic loss to Zimbabwe of a major part of its academic capital that has been deprived of an academic future in country. Particularly noteworthy is the Zimbabwe Programme’s. This project aims to utilise virtual means to enable academics in the diaspora to reconnect with the College of Health Science and the Faculties of Science and Veterinary Science at the University of Zimbabwe, thereby improving standards of teaching and research, and facilitating increased networking and collaboration.
CARA/SAR UK Universities Network: Established in March 2006, under the auspices of the UK based Council for Assisting Refugee Academics (CARA) and the New York based Scholars at Risk (SAR), the aim of the Network is to facilitate cooperation and collaboration between UK higher education institutions in support of refugee and threatened academics and in defence and promotion of academic and university freedoms worldwide. The Network currently has over 70 university members.

</doc>
<doc id="9693871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693871" title="Cadetes de San Martín (film)">
Cadetes de San Martín (film)

Cadetes de San Martín is a Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and written by José A. Saldías.
It stars Enrique Muiño and Elías Alippi.

</doc>
<doc id="9693880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693880" title="Leslie Shepherd">
Leslie Shepherd

Leslie Glenard Shepherd (born November 3, 1969 in Washington, D.C.) is a former professional American football player in the National Football League. He played seven years, the first five with the Washington Redskins, and one apiece for the Cleveland Browns and the Miami Dolphins. Arguably his best season came in 1998, when he had nine touchdowns, eight receiving and one rushing.
He now coaches at Gwynn Park High School in Brandywine, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="9693889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693889" title="Galilee (disambiguation)">
Galilee (disambiguation)

Galilee is a large region overlapping with much of the North District of Israel, that is traditionally divided into three regions:
Galilee can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9693895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693895" title="The Blue Squadron (1937 film)">
The Blue Squadron (1937 film)

The Blue Squadron () is a Argentine film directed and written by Nelo Cosimi. The film was released in the United States on 3 June 1938 by the Cinexport Distributing Co.

</doc>
<doc id="9693896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693896" title="National Turkey Federation">
National Turkey Federation

The National Turkey Federation (NTF) is the non-profit national trade association based in Washington, D.C., United States, representing the turkey industry and its allies and affiliates. NTF advocates for all segments of the turkey industry, providing services and conducting activities which increase demand for its members' products. The NTF represents its members before the U.S. Congress and the various regulatory agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service. 
Among members of the general public, this trade federation is best known for its role in co-organizing the National Thanksgiving Turkey Presentation, a ritualized annual ceremony where a live domestic turkey is presented to the President of the United States just before Thanksgiving Day. Starting with Bush I in 1989, two birds are presented and the President invariably grants a "pardon" to both birds. 
Its official website, EatTurkey.com, is home to thousands of turkey recipes, cooking and preparation tips, and educational information on the turkey industry. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693897" title="KRSX">
KRSX

KRSX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9693899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693899" title="Pronase">
Pronase

Pronase is a commercially available mixture of proteases isolated from the extracellular fluid of "Streptomyces griseus". Activity extends to both denatured and native proteins leading to complete or nearly complete digestion into individual amino acids.

</doc>
<doc id="9693900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693900" title="Dmitri Z. Garbuzov">
Dmitri Z. Garbuzov

Dmitri Z. Garbuzov (1940, Sverdlovsk, Russia - August 2006, Princeton, New Jersey) was one of the pioneers and inventors of room temperature continuous-wave-operating diode lasers and high-power diode lasers.
The first room-temperature, continuous-wave diode lasers were successfully invented, developed, and almost simultaneously demonstrated at the Ioffe Physico-Technical Institute in Leningrad, Russia by a team including Garbuzov and Zhores Alferov (winner of the 2000 Nobel Prize for Physics), and by the competing team of I. Hayashi and M. Panish at Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey. Both teams attained this accomplishment in 1970. Garbuzov was also responsible for the development of practical high-power, high-efficiency, diode lasers at a variety of wavelength bands from visible to mid-infrared wavelengths.
Following perestroika, Garbuzov, who had served as an accomplished and respected scientist and manager within the Soviet scientific research system, established a research group in the West which employed multiple Russian émigré scientists and simultaneously contributed to three American for-profit enterprises.
Personal life.
Dmitri Zalmanovitch Garbuzov was born in Sverdlovsk, Russia in 1940. His father, Zalman Garbuzov, was a prominent engineer. His mother was Natalia Polivoda. He married Galina Minina and they have two children, Alina and Dmitri.
Garbuzov succumbed to cancer, diagnosed at an advanced stage, in August 2006 at the age of 65 at his home in Princeton, New Jersey.
Early career.
In 1962 Dmitri graduated from the Department of Physics of Leningrad State University. In 1964, Dmitri joined the group of Zhores Alferov at Ioffe Physical-Technical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Leningrad. At the time, Alferov's team was among the very few research groups in the world that studied heterojunctions in semiconductors. In 2000, Zhores Alferov and Herbert Kroemer were awarded the Nobel Prize for their pioneering work.
The achievement of the first 300ºK continuous wave diode laser was reported in "Investigation of the influence of the AlGaAs-GaAs heterostructure parameters on the laser threshold current and the realization of the continuous emission at the room temperature" 
Dmitri Garbuzov received his Ph.D. in 1968, and Doctor of Science degree in 1979. In the Russian system, the Doctor of Science is the second doctoral degree which is awarded to suitable candidates who can lead research.
Room temperature diode laser.
Background.
The 1970 demonstration of the first room-temperature diode laser crowned years of scientific and technological research developments involving optical semiconductors. These accomplishments parallel, but lag, the microelectronics revolution that started with the transistor, first demonstrated in 1947 (leading to the displacement of vacuum tube electronics in the marketplace). Although the laser had already been invented by Charles Hard Townes and Arthur Leonard Schawlow, separately by Gordon Gould, and separately in the Soviet Union by Aleksandr Prokhorov, there was no practical laser "chip" which would make the laser a commodity, one that today is displacing more inefficient lasers (those based on gas discharge or flashlamp designs) in the consumer, industrial, medical, and government marketplaces.
Shortly after the accomplishments attributed to Townes and Schawlow, the possibility of lasing in a semiconductor device was recognized. The key major accomplishment was the 1962 observation of nearly 100% internal efficiency in the conversion of electron-hole pairs to photons in GaAs semiconductor devices at MIT Lincoln Laboratory, RCA Laboratories, and Texas Instruments, Inc., shortly thereafter followed by the demonstration of the first diode laser by General Electric and IBM. The new semiconductor laser devices operated only at cryogenic temperatures (typically that of liquid nitrogen, that is, at 77°K or –196 °C). For practical use, it would be necessary to demonstrate diode laser action, continuous-wave, at room temperature.
Invention of room temperature diode laser.
The invention of the first room-temperature diode laser in the Soviet Union occurred during a climate of intense Cold War competition and secrecy, albeit with sporadic scientific contacts at international conferences and during politically sanctioned international visits. The question of primacy of the invention was debated over the years. Today, however, semiconductor laser scientists agree that the key design concept that enabled the room-temperature diode laser, namely the double-heterostructure design, was invented in the Soviet Union in 1964 by Rudolf F. Kazarinov and Zhores Alferov, as recorded in a Russian patent application filed that year. For that invention and several other seminal seminal contribution to the semiconductor lasers Rudolf F. Kazarinov won the 1998 Quantum Electronics Award of the IEEE Photonics Society (see below at References).
While the Nobel Prize committee satisfied itself that the Russian team including Dmitri Z. Garbuzov, led by Zhores Alferov, reached continuous-wave room-temperating lasing before the competing team of Hayashi and Panish at Bell Labs, there continues to be discussion on this point, and the matter may never perfectly be resolved.
Today, as a result of the accomplishments of Garbuzov and other scientists, diode lasers continue to transform the laser into a widely available engineered component. Laser chips are incorporated in many products that today are taken for granted, such as CDs, DVDs, laser printers, and fiberoptic communications. Other devices relying on semiconductor laser chip technology include illumination, ranging, and spectroscopic sensing systems of many types, and laser welding, cutting, and machining tools such as those now widely adopted by automobile manufacturers. In addition, the same principles first developed by Garbuzov and Alferov underlie the ongoing revolution in gallium nitride-based solid-state lighting with high-quality high-efficiency phosphor-LED luminaires now available to consumers at affordable prices.
Later years in Russia.
In subsequent years, Garbuzov developed the highest power diode lasers at wavelengths from 0.8 to 2.7 µm, introducing a new and revolutionary laser design to accomplish this, and made many contributions to new laser devices and businesses that produced them.
In 1979, Garbuzov became head of the Semiconductor Luminescence and Injection Emitters Laboratory at the A.F. Ioffe Physical Technical Institute. Heterojunctions of quaternary solid solutions of InGaAsP/InP were investigated under his leadership. Lasers based on such structures are the basis of today's optical communications.
He led research on re-radiation effects in double heterojunctions. His group at the Ioffe Institute established almost 100% external efficiency of luminescence in GaAlAs heterostructures. This gave birth to another practical application — a new class of semiconductor alphanumeric displays. In 1987, Garbuzov and colleagues were awarded the State Prize for this achievement, the second highest civilian award in the former Soviet Union.
Aluminum-free diode heterostructure lasers became the next step in his scientific life. He suggested and developed lasers with wavelengths of 0.75-1.0 µm, including those of visible (red) wavelengths.
In 1991 Garbuzov became a corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Berlin.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Garbuzov received the Humboldt Award for his work on Al-free diode lasers, and with it financial support for one year of work in Germany. He used the Award for an extended visit in 1992 to conduct research on InAlGaAs/InGaAs distributed feedback lasers at Dieter Bimberg’s laboratory at the Technical University in Berlin.
United States.
Princeton University and Sarnoff Corporation.
In 1994, following a year's visit with the group of Manijeh Razeghi at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL, he decided to join both Princeton University and Sarnoff Corporation (formerly RCA Laboratories, and today integrated as part of parent company SRI International), in Princeton, New Jersey. In 1997 he was joined by long-time collaborator Viktor B. Khalfin, a semiconductor physics theorist.
Garbuzov continued to advance the performance of semiconductor devices at both institutions and later became a Senior Member of Technical Staff at Sarnoff Corporation, where he remained until May 2000. At Sarnoff, Garbuzov worked on antimonide-based lasers demonstrating record wavelengths of 2.7 µm. At the same time, he made a significant impact in high power diode lasers and their heterostructures by introducing the "broadened waveguide," a concept which now serves as a basis for the entire industry producing high power lasers for industrial applications (U.S. Patent 5,818,860).
Princeton Lightwave.
In 2000, Garbuzov became one of the founders of Princeton Lightwave Inc., where he was Vice President of Research, where he continued his work on high-power stripe lasers. Garbuzov's work led to the acquisition of a portion of PLI by the TRUMPF Group, a manufacturer of industrial laser metal-forming and manufacturing equipment.
Awards and prizes.
The Nobel Prize Committee awarded the 2000 Nobel Prize for Physics to Zhores Alferov as the leader of the Soviet team to discover and invent the room temperature diode laser. 
In 1972, Dr. Garbuzov, together with Dr. Alferov and other colleagues, was awarded the Lenin Prize, the highest civilian award in the Soviet Union of that era. The Lenin Prize's citation was "Fundamental Research of Heterojunctions in Semiconductors and Development of Novel Devices on their Bases."
Garbuzov received, with his team, the 1987 State Prize, the second highest prize awarded within the Soviet Union.
In 1991 Garbuzov was honored by becoming a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Garbuzov received the Humboldt Prize in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9693903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693903" title="Pulpwood Queens">
Pulpwood Queens

The Pulpwood Queens is a meet-and-greet book club with a large following. It was founded in early 2000 in Jefferson, Texas, by Kathy L. Patrick in her combined beauty salon and book store, Beauty and the Book. In a joint effort with Random House, the club spawned an Internet book club show that began in January 2011, "Beauty and the Book: Where reading is always in style."
History.
Dedicated to promoting literacy and good literature, Pulpwood Queens has grown from an initial six members to, a decade later, more than 2,000 members and 400 chapters, including 10 in foreign countries and one in a women's prison. The club selects a "book of the month," which "Variety" reporter Jonathan Bing said "has an unusual amount of clout."
In June 2008, members of the book club appeared on ABC's "Good Morning America" with the introduction, "These Southern ladies are devotees of cocktails, good food, and high hair."
Girlfriend Weekend.
Its annual convention, Girlfriend Weekend, is held each January. Pat Conroy, author of "Prince of Tides" and "South of Broad", was a keynote speaker at the 2010 conference. Conroy returned in 2011 and was joined by 40 other authors, including "New York Times" bestsellers Fannie Flagg, author of "Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistlestop Cafe", Jamie Ford, who penned "Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet", and Jeannette Walls, whose first book, "The Glass Castle", stayed on the "New York Times" bestseller list for 100 weeks. As a result, the 2011 event sold out.
The final night of Girlfriend Weekend is The Great Big Ball of Hair Ball, where club members and authors wear costumes based on a theme. In 2010, the party celebrated The Wizard of Oz. In 2011, the costumes were based on the event's theme: "It's all about the story." Attendees dressed as characters out of their favorite books.
In a February 2010 article, the "Texas Observer" described the weekend as "fast becoming one of the most important literary events in America." And the "Marshall News Messenger", in Marshall, Texas, wrote that the event is for men too, with members known as the Timber Guys.
The book club.
Pulpwood Queens was included in a "Newsweek" article about book clubs. In it, "Newsweek" reported that when Patrick, chosen by "Good Morning America" to select the first book on the morning show's televised book club, announced that the Pulpwood Queens had picked Ann Packer's debut novel, "The Dive From Clausen's Pier", it sent the book "straight up the best-seller list."
In addition, "The Dallas Morning News" in 2007 called the club "a major publishing force."
Authors Inga Wiehl and Ellie Heffernan, in their book "When Professional Women Retire: Food for Thought and Palate", wrote about Pulpwood Queens, saying, "This group is not just any old book club. It carries some freight." Then they cited the club's reading choice of "The Dive From Clausen's Pier" that "sent sales skyrocketing."

</doc>
<doc id="9693904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693904" title="Tom R. Burns">
Tom R. Burns

Tom R. Burns (born 1937) is an American/Swedish sociologist, professor emeritus of sociology at the University of Uppsala in Sweden and founder of the Uppsala Theory Circle.
Biography.
He grew up in Arkansas, and was in a Franciscan Monastery for a number of years. As a teenager, he attended Phillips Academy Andover in Massachusetts, before going to Stanford University to study physics and mathematics. After studying physics and sociology for almost two years at the University of Warsaw, Poland (as an exchange student from Stanford), he returned to Stanford to take a Ph.D. in Sociology in 1969. 
He has held teaching appointments at George Washington University, the University of New Hampshire, University of Oslo, Norway; Stockholm University, Sweden; Lund University, Sweden; the University of Uppsala, Sweden; Lisbon University Institute (ISCTE), Portugal and the Norwegian University of Life Sciences, among others. 
Among his other professional engagements, he has been Jean Monnet Visiting Professor at the European University Institute, Florence, Italy, 2002; Visiting Scholar, Stanford University, Spring, 2002, Spring, 2004–2008; Fellow at Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study in the Social Sciences (Spring, 1992; Autumn, 1998), and Fellow at the European University Institute (Spring, 1998).
Work.
Actor-system dynamics (ASD).
Beginning in the early 1970s, Burns collaborated with a number of researchers, such as Thomas Baumgartner, Walter F. Buckley, Matthew Cooper, Philippe DeVille, David Meeker, Bernard Gauci, among others. They have been developing a new theory complex, which came to be referred to as actor-system dynamics (ASD), a new social systems theory, substantially different from Parson's systems theory and the systems theory later developed by Niklas Luhmann. 
This approach brought human agents in a natural and coherent way into system modelling. It saw agents (individuals and collectives) in their strategems and ploys as constrained as well as enabled by system structures, but also as forces structuring and restructuring systems and, in some instances, creating entirely new ones. 
This theoretical work always went hand in hand with a wide range of empirical investigations. It built bridges not only within the social sciences and humanities but also between the social sciences and humanities, on the one hand, and the natural, technical, and medical sciences, on the other hand. Research projects on the environment, technology, engineering, and medicine were an expression of this interdisciplinarity.
The ASD network.
The ASD network led by Burns developed a complex of interrelated theories. Besides the ASD theory core, Burns and several of his collaborators developed a socially embedded, role based game theory, generalized game theory, which recognizes the social and psychological complexity of human motivation and action, the dilemmas and contradictions often facing social agents, and the problems matters of game equilibria and disequilibria.
Social rule system theory.
On the basis of ASD theory Burns and Dietz developed a non-biological theory of sociocultural evolution, which they called Social rule system theory. 
Social rule system theory was formulated in the 1980s by Burns and Helena Flam together with others was a contribution to the New Institutionalism.
Sociology of human consciousness.
In the 1990s a sociology of human consciousness was developed by Burns, Erik Engdahl, Nora Machado, and Sviatoslav Korepov based on sociology and social psychology traditions, in particular inspired by George Herbert Mead. In addition, a number of new theoretical concepts such as social structuring, meta-power and relational control, organizational dissonance and contradiction, and public policy paradigm theory were formulated and applied in empirical investigations. 
On a policy oriented level, the risks of complex socio-technical systems, the emergence of post-parliamentary democracy and new forms of governance, and the instabilities and ecological and social destructiveness of capitalism have been particular foci of attention since the early 1990s.
Uppsala Theory Circle.
Burns was the founder of the Uppsala Theory Circle (UTC) at Uppsala University, devoted to the development of sociological and social science theory and its applications in empirical and policy research. UTC functioned as an international, interdisciplinary collegium of scholars. A major pole of UTC was located in Uppsala, Sweden, but with contributors and participants found in other parts of Europe as well as in China, Africa, and the Americas. 
The group conducted regular seminars, workshops, etc. often engaging leading Swedish and international scholars who were fellows at The Swedish Collegium for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences. Beginning in the mid-1980s, this institution brought many distinguished scholars to Uppsala, in particular. The UTC was particularly active in the 1980s and 1990s. Since 2000, much of the core, which was engaged initially in Uppsala, has dispersed within and outside of Sweden.
Publications.
Burns and his collaborators have published more than 10 books and numerous articles on theory and methodology as well as more empirically and policy-oriented in the areas of socio-economics, markets and market regulation, the sociology of technology, environment, and natural resources, administration and management, governance and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="9693916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693916" title="2001–02 DFB-Pokal">
2001–02 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal is the second-most important national title in German football. The DFB-Pokal 2001–02 was the 59th season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 24 August 2001 and ended on 11 May 2002. In the final Schalke 04 defeated Bayer Leverkusen 4–2, defending their title from the previous season and thereby claiming their fourth title.

</doc>
<doc id="9693928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693928" title="Frank Buckles">
Frank Buckles

Frank Woodruff Buckles (born Wood Buckles, February 1, 1901February 27, 2011) was a United States Army soldier and the last surviving American veteran of World War I. He enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1917 and served with a detachment from Fort Riley, driving ambulances and motorcycles near the front lines in Europe.
During World War II, he was captured by Japanese forces while working in the shipping business, and spent three years in the Philippines as a civilian prisoner. After the war, Buckles married in San Francisco and moved to Gap View Farm near Charles Town, West Virginia. A widower at age 98, he worked on his farm until the age of 105.
In his last years, he was Honorary Chairman of the World War I Memorial Foundation. As chairman, he advocated the establishment of a World War I memorial similar to other war memorials in Washington, D.C.. Toward this end, Buckles campaigned for the District of Columbia War Memorial to be renamed the National World War I Memorial. He testified before Congress in support of this cause, and met with President George W. Bush at the White House.
Buckles was awarded the World War I Victory Medal at the conclusion of that conflict, and the Army of Occupation of Germany Medal retroactively following the medal's creation in 1941, as well as the French Legion of Honor in 1999. His funeral was on March 15, 2011, at Arlington National Cemetery, with President Barack Obama paying his respects prior to the ceremony with full military honors.
Early life and education.
Buckles was born to James C. Buckles, a farmer, and Theresa J. Buckles in Bethany, Missouri, on February 1, 1901. He had two older brothers, Ashman and Roy, and two older sisters, Grace and Gladys. Several family members lived long lives; he remembered speaking with his grandmother who was born in 1817, and his father lived to be 94. His ancestry included soldiers of the Revolutionary and Civil Wars.
In 1903, Frank—then known as Wood—and his brother Ashman contracted scarlet fever. Frank survived, but Ashman died from the disease at the age of four. Between 1911 and 1916, Buckles attended school in Nevada, Missouri. Later, he and his family moved to Oakwood, Oklahoma, where he continued his schooling and worked at a bank. He was an amateur wireless operator, and an avid reader of newspapers.
World War I and interwar years.
5 months after the American entry into World War I, Buckles sought to enlist in the armed forces. He was turned down by the Marine Corps for being too small, and by the Navy, which claimed that he had flat feet. He fared better with the Army, which accepted that he was an adult even though he looked no older than his 16 years. A sergeant advised that a middle initial would be helpful, so he adopted his uncle's name, "Frank Woodruff Buckles". Another sergeant suggested that the quickest way to the front lines would be to seek a position driving ambulances.
Buckles enlisted on August 14, 1917, and went through basic training at Fort Riley in Kansas. Later that year, he embarked for Europe aboard the RMS "Carpathia", which was being used as a troop ship. During the war, Buckles drove ambulances and motorcycles for the Army's 1st Fort Riley Casual Detachment, first in England and then France. He later recalled his service as a doughboy:
There was never a shortage of blown-up bodies that needed to be rushed to the nearest medical care. The British and French troops were in bad shape – even guys about my age looked old and tired. After three years of living and dying inside a dirt trench, you know the Brits and French were happy to see us "doughboys." Every last one of us Yanks believed we’d wrap this thing up in a month or two and head back home before harvest. In other words, we were the typical, cocky Americans no one wants around, until they need help winning a war.
Buckles saw the war's impact on malnourished children in France, and more than 80 years later he could remember helping to feed them. After the Armistice in 1918, Buckles escorted prisoners of war back to Germany. One German prisoner gave him a belt buckle inscribed ""Gott mit uns"" (), which he kept for the rest of his life. Buckles was promoted to corporal on September 22, 1919. Following an honorable discharge in November 1919, he returned to the United States aboard the USS "Pocahontas".
Early in the interwar period, he attended the dedication of the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City, Missouri, in honor of the Americans who died in World War I, and met General of the Armies John Pershing, who commanded the American Expeditionary Forces in Europe during the war. Buckles then attended business school in Oklahoma City, and found work at a shipping company in Toronto, Canada. From 1922 to 1923, he served with the Seventh Regiment of the New York National Guard in New York City where he also worked in financial services.
Next came a career as chief purser on cargo and passenger ships travelling to South America, Europe, and Asia. In the 1930s, German and British passengers expressed fears about the Nazis, and military officers told him that Germany was equipping for war. Buckles witnessed antisemitism and its effects firsthand while ashore in Germany, and he warned acquaintances in Germany that their country would be brought down by Adolf Hitler, whom he encountered at a German hotel. Employed at sea during the Great Depression, he forwarded an $800 Army bonus to his father who was struggling as a farmer in the Oklahoma Dust Bowl (Buckles provided these details many decades later).
During and after World War II.
As of 1940, Buckles had been employed by the White Star, American President, and W.R. Grace shipping companies, and in that year shipping business took him to Manila in the Philippines. After the outbreak of the Pacific War and the invasion of the Philippines, he reportedly remained in Manila to help resupply U.S. troops. He was captured in January 1942 by Japanese forces, and spent the next three years and two months as a civilian internee in the Santo Tomas and Los Baños prison camps.
As a prisoner, he battled starvation, receiving only a small meal of mush served in a tin cup—a utensil he kept for the rest of his life. With a weight below , Buckles developed beriberi, and led fellow captives in calisthenics to counter the effects of imprisonment. Their captors showed little mercy, but Buckles was allowed to grow a small garden, which he often used to help feed children who were imprisoned there.
All of the captives were freed by Allied forces on February 23, 1945. Before the war he had become fluent in German, Spanish, Portuguese, and French, and by its end had learned some Japanese.
After World War II, Buckles moved to San Francisco, and married Audrey Mayo in 1946. Eight years later, the couple bought the Gap View Farm in West Virginia where they raised cattle. Ancestors named Buckles had settled near Gap View Farm centuries earlier.
In 1955, their only child, Susannah, was born. By then, the world traveller had settled down to a life of farm activities, social events, and serving as an officer (eventually president) of the county historical society. Audrey Buckles died in 1999, and their daughter moved back to the farm to care for him.
Active centenarian.
After the start of the 21st century, Buckles continued living near Charles Town, West Virginia, and was still driving a tractor on his farm at age 103. He stated in an interview with "The Washington Post" on Veterans' Day 2007 that he believed the United States should not go to war "unless it's an emergency". He has also stated that, "If your country needs you, you should be right there, that is the way I felt when I was young, and that's the way I feel today."
When asked the secret of long life, Buckles replied that being hopeful and not hurrying were key traits, adding: "When you start to die ... don't". In another interview, the centenarian talked about genetics, exercise, and a healthy diet, but put "the will to survive" above everything else.
A frail but sharp Buckles joined actor Gary Sinise in 2007 to lead a Memorial Day parade, and that evening his life was featured on "NBC Nightly News". With the death of 108-year-old Harry Richard Landis in February 2008, Buckles became the last surviving American veteran of World War I. The following month, he met with United States President George W. Bush at the White House. The same day, he attended the opening of a Pentagon exhibit featuring photos of nine centenarian World War I veterans, with Defense Secretary Robert Gates in attendance. That summer, he visited wounded soldiers at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
Buckles was the Honorary Chairman of the World War I Memorial Foundation, which seeks refurbishment of the District of Columbia War Memorial and its establishment as the National World War I Memorial on the National Mall. He was named ABC's "World News Tonight's" "Person of the Week" on March 22, 2009, in recognition of his efforts to set up the memorial. Those efforts continued, as Buckles appeared before Congress on December 3, 2009, advocating on behalf of such legislation. He did so as the oldest person who ever testified before Congress. On Armistice Day (i.e. Veterans Day) of 2010, he made a further appeal:
"We still do not have a national memorial in Washington, D.C. to honor the Americans who sacrificed with their lives during World War I. On this eve of Veterans Day, I call upon the American people and the world to help me in asking our elected officials to pass the law for a memorial to World War I in our nation's capital. These are difficult times, and we are not asking for anything elaborate. What is fitting and right is a memorial that can take its place among those commemorating the other great conflicts of the past century. On this 92nd anniversary of the armistice, it is time to move forward with honor, gratitude, and resolve."
Passage of the legislation remained in doubt, because opponents sought relocation of the proposed monument, or alternatively some benefit for the District of Columbia. As of July 2013, U.S. Senator Pat Toomey was concerned that such a memorial would lead to the National Mall becoming "cluttered".
A Freemason and longtime Shriner, Buckles was a member of the Osiris Shriners of Wheeling, West Virginia, and he became "the oldest Shriner in Shrinedom". Other interests of his included genealogy; he had been a member of the West Virginia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution since 1935, and was active for many years in the Sons of Confederate Veterans. He was a Life Member of the National Rifle Association.
On February 1, 2010—Buckles' 109th birthday—his official biographer, David DeJonge, announced a forthcoming documentary about him, entitled "Pershing's Last Patriot", described as a cumulative work of interviews and vignettes. DeJonge estimated a 2011 release for the documentary, and actor Richard Thomas is expected to narrate the film.
In late 2010, Buckles was still giving media interviews and became a supercentenarian upon his 110th birthday, on February 1, 2011.
On February 27, 2011, Buckles died of natural causes at his home at the age of 110 years and 26 days. He was the second-oldest living man in the United States at the time of his death (Walter Breuning died 1.5 months later).
Commemoration and funeral.
Buckles did not meet the criteria for burial at Arlington National Cemetery as he had never been in combat, but friends and family secured special permission from the federal government in 2008. That was accomplished with the help of Ross Perot, who had met him at a history seminar in 2001, and who intervened in 2008 with the White House regarding a final resting place.
Upon Buckles' death on February 27, 2011, President Barack Obama ordered that the American flag be flown at half-staff on all government buildings, including the White House and U.S. embassies, on the day in March when Buckles would be buried at Arlington. Leading up to the March 15 funeral, the governors of 16 states likewise called for lowering their states' flags to half-staff.
The United States Senate passed a resolution on March 3, 2011, honoring "the last veteran to represent the extraordinary legacy of the World War I veterans". Concurrent resolutions were proposed in both the Senate and the House of Representatives for Buckles to lie in honor in the United States Capitol rotunda. However, that plan was blocked by Speaker of the House John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. When asked for explanation, their spokesmen would not elaborate on reasons for the decision. Boehner and Reid instead advocated a ceremony in the Amphitheater of Arlington National Cemetery. Various people had supported a rotunda ceremony, including Buckles' daughter, a great-grandson of Sir Winston Churchill, and former Republican Party presidential nominee Bob Dole.
Faculty and students at Buckles' high school in Missouri gathered to honor him on March 8, 2011. His home church in Charles Town held a memorial service, attended by the Episcopal bishop of West Virginia, members of Buckles' family and others. On March 12, 2011, a ceremony was held at the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City, Missouri, to honor Buckles and the "passing of the Great War generation". The keynote speaker was former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Richard Myers.
A ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery's Memorial Amphitheater Chapel preceded the interment on March 15. During the ceremony prior to burial, President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden paid their respects and met with the family.
Buckles' flag-draped coffin was borne to the burial plot on a horse-drawn caisson, and the folded flag was handed to his daughter by United States Army Vice Chief of Staff General Peter W. Chiarelli. Buckles was buried with full military honors in plot 34, near General of the Armies John J. Pershing. Reporter Paul Duggan of "The Washington Post" summed up the occasion:
The hallowed ritual at grave No. 34-581 was not a farewell to one man alone. A reverent crowd of the powerful and the ordinary—President Obama and Vice President Biden, laborers and store clerks, heads bowed—came to salute Buckles's deceased generation, the vanished millions of soldiers and sailors he came to symbolize in the end.
In Martinsburg, West Virginia, on March 26, 2011, a candlelight vigil was held in memory of Buckles. Attendees made donations for a planned statue of him in Charles Town.
In addition to being the last U.S. veteran of World War I, Buckles was the oldest World War I veteran in the world at the time of his death, as well as the last field veteran of the war. Following his death and funeral, there were two surviving World War I veterans, Florence Green and Claude Choules, both of whom served in the British Armed Forces. Choules died on May 5, 2011; Green died on February 4, 2012.
Honors and awards.
For his service during World War I, Buckles received, from the United States government, the World War I Victory Medal and four Overseas Service Bars. He also qualified for the Army of Occupation of Germany Medal due to his postwar service in Europe during the year 1919, and received that medal after it was created in 1941. Buckles did not qualify for the Prisoner of War Medal, because he was a civilian at the time of his imprisonment by the Japanese.
As a resident of Jefferson County, West Virginia, he was involved for many years with the Jefferson County Historical Society (including as President from 1960 to 1964). In 1981, the honor of "Emeritus Officer" was conferred upon him by that organization.
In 1999, French president Jacques Chirac awarded him France's Legion of Honour, for his service during World War I.
In 2007, the United States Library of Congress included Buckles in its Veterans History Project (VHP). Information about Buckles' experiences in both world wars is available from the VHP, including a 148-minute video interview.
In 2008, a section of West Virginia Route 9, which passes by his Gap View Farm home, was named in his honor by West Virginia Governor Joe Manchin. The following month, Buckles received the Veterans of Foreign Wars’ Gold Medal of Merit at the Liberty Memorial. Also in 2008, he sat for a portrait to be displayed at the National World War I Museum. Buckles received the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry's Knight Commander of the Court of Honour (KCCH) in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9693935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693935" title="Lo que le pasó a Reynoso">
Lo que le pasó a Reynoso

Lo que le pasó a Reynoso is a Argentine drama film directed and written by Leopoldo Torres Ríos. The film was based on a play by Alberto Vaccarezza and premiered in Buenos Aires on February 18, 1937. It starred Floren Delbene.
The film was produced by Julio Joly and the cinematography performed by Carlos Torres Ríos.
Cast.
Herminia Franco
Teresa Serrador

</doc>
<doc id="9693957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693957" title="Los Locos del cuarto piso">
Los Locos del cuarto piso

Los Locos del cuarto piso is a black and white Argentine comedy film directed by Lisandro de la Tea and written by Manuel Collazo, based on the play by Francisco E. Collazo. The film premiered on November 10, 1937 in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9693959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693959" title="History of Darjeeling Himalayan Railway">
History of Darjeeling Himalayan Railway

The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway (DHR), nicknamed the "Toy Train", is a narrow-gauge railway from Siliguri to Darjeeling connecting two districts, Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling, in the Indian state of West Bengal, run by the Indian Railways. 
The DHR is the very first hill railway in India, and one of the first ones in the world (the Semmering Railway, constructed between 1848 and 1854, was the first). Established since 1881, the “toy train” is operating and retaining most of its original features and values until today.In the mid-19th century, the British rulers built a recovery home away from home in the Himalayan city Darjeeling where the stress of colonial rule and the hot Indian climate could be put away for the summer. A sanatorium and a military depot were set up. The soft climate was not only good for recreation but also supporting extensive tea growing and plantation. Subsequently, Darjeeling became a well-known new British settlement and trading point for tea. Increasing traffic by people and commodities overstressed the existing cart-road and a new transportation system was required.
Construction of the DHR in the late 19th century.
Siliguri, located at the base of the Himalayas, was connected with Calcutta (now Kolkata) by broad gauge railway in 1878. Between Siliguri and Darjeeling Tonga services ran on a cart road (the present day Hill Cart Road). Franklin Prestage, an agent of Eastern Bengal Railway Company approached the government with a proposal of laying a steam tramway from Siliguri to Darjeeling. Sir Ashley Eden, the Lieutenant Governor of Bengal, formed a committee to assess the feasibility of the project. The proposal was accepted in 1879 following the positive report of the committee. Construction started the same year.
Gillanders Arbuthnot & Company was given the responsibility of construction. By March 1880, the line was extended up to Tindharia. Lord Lytton, the first Viceroy to visit Darjeeling was conveyed in the train up to Tindharia. The stretch from Siliguri to Kurseong was opened on 23 August 1880. The Siliguri to Darjeeling track was inaugurated on 4 July 1881. The name of the rail company was promptly changed to Darjeeling Himalayan Railway Company. Initially the alignment of the railroad followed Hill Cart Road. However, it became apparent that in some areas the steepness of the road was more than the locomotives could easily maneuver. In 1882 four loops and four reverses (zig-zags) were constructed between Sukna and Gayabari to ease the gradient. The line was extended by a quarter of mile to Darjeeling Bazar in 1886. The Darjeeling station was renovated in 1891 while Kurseong got a new station building and storage shed in 1896. Darjeeling Himalayan Railway (DHR) suffered from an earthquake in 1897 and a major cyclone in 1899. 
The development of the DHR in the 20th century.
By 1909–1910, DHR was carrying 174,000 passengers and 47,000 tons of goods annually. The first bogie carriages entered service, replacing very basic 4 wheel carriages. DHR extension lines were constructed up to Kishanganj in 1914, and Gielkhola in 1915. At Tindharia the railway works were relocated from behind the loco shed to a new and extensive site.
The Batasia Loop was constructed in 1919, eliminating problems by creating easier gradients on the ascent from Darjeeling. However, DHR started to face competition from bus services that started operating in the Hill Cart Road, and took less time than the railway to reach Darjeeling. In 1934, a major earthquake in Bihar shook all of Northeast India. Many buildings in Darjeeling were heavily damaged and the railway was also badly affected, although it soon recovered and played a vital role in transporting repair materials. During World War 2, DHR played a vital role transporting military personnel and supplies to the numerous camps around Ghum and Darjeeling.
After the Independence of India, DHR was purchased by the Indian Government and was absorbed into the Indian Government Railways organisation. DHR came under the management of the Assam Railways organisation. In 1952, Assam Railway, including DHR, became part of the North Eastern Railway Zone and later in 1958, a part of the Northeast Frontier Railway Zone of Indian Railway. In 1962, the line was realigned at Siliguri and extended by nearly 4 miles (6 km) to New Jalpaiguri (NJP) to meet the new broad gauge line there. It opened for freight that year and for passengers in 1964. The loco shed and carriage depot at Siliguri Junction were relocated to NJP.
DHR remained closed for 18 months during the hostile period of Gorkhaland Movement in 1988–1989. DHR was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1999, becoming only the second railway in the world to have this honour bestowed upon it, the first one being Semmering Railway of Austria in 1998.
A description from 1920s.
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway has long been viewed with affection and enthusiasm by travellers to the region, and the Earl of Ronaldshay gave the following description of a journey in the early 1920s:
"Siliguri is palpably a place of meeting.[...] The discovery that here the metre gauge system ends and the two foot gauge of the Darjeeling-Himalayan railway begins, confirms what all these things hint at.[...]One steps into a railway carriage which might easily be mistaken for a toy, and the whimsical idea seizes hold of one that one has accidentally stumbled into Lilliput. With a noisy fuss out of all proportion to its size the engine gives a jerk - and starts.[...] No special mechanical device such as a rack is employed - unless, indeed, one can so describe the squat and stolid hill-man who sits perched over the forward buffers of the engine and scatters sand on the rails when the wheels of the engine lose their grip of the metals and race, with the noise of a giant spring running down when the control has been removed. Sometimes we cross our own track after completing the circuit of a cone, at others we zigzag backwards and forwards; but always we climb at a steady gradient - so steady that if one embarks in a trolley at Ghum, the highest point on the line, the initial push supplies all the energy necessary to carry one to the bottom." 
External links.
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway Society - DHR History

</doc>
<doc id="9693961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693961" title="Saturday the 14th">
Saturday the 14th

Saturday the 14th is a 1981 American horror-comedy film starring real-life husband and wife Paula Prentiss and Richard Benjamin, co-written and directed by Howard R. Cohen and produced by Julie Corman.
A spoof of classic horror movies, it was followed by "Saturday the 14th Strikes Back" in 1988.
Plot.
An all-American family inherits a deceased uncle's house. John (Richard Benjamin) and Mary (Paula Prentiss), together with daughter Debbie (Kari Michaelsen) and son Billy (Kevin Brando), move in, but Waldemar (Jeffrey Tambor), a vampire, and Yolanda (Nancy Lee Andrews), his wife, want desperately to get into the rundown house because it contains a book of evil. 
Billy finds the mysterious book. He reads of a curse hanging over the date of Saturday the 14th. As he turns the page, a monster is unleashed, and with each turn another disappears from the page and is materialized within or outside the home. The house is soon swarming with monsters.
Strange things start happening: eyes appear in John's coffee, sandwiches are mysteriously eaten, the television tunes into "The Twilight Zone" only, dirt is found in Mary's bed, dishes get done by themselves, neighbors disappear. As this is happening, neither John or Mary suspect anything, oblivious to the spooky occurrences around them. 
Waldemar gets into the house by turning into a bat. Mary keeps hearing noises at night which she thinks are made by owls, but are actually the sounds of Waldemar the bat. John hires an exterminator to get rid of the owls. The exterminator turns out to be Van Helsing (Severn Darden), who is also after the book of evil.
John and Mary begin planning a housewarming party for Saturday the 14th. Guests arrive but cannot leave. When they try, a thunderstorm appears outside the door. As the night unfolds, the monsters begin to kill the guests one by one.
Eventually a duel between Van Helsing and the vampire erupts, where it is discovered that Van Helsing wants the book in order to rule the world. The vampire Waldemar is trying to prevent this from happening. Good triumphs over evil, as Van Helsing and the monsters are defeated.
The family ends up in an upscale new home while Waldemar and Yolanda keep the original house as their own.
Release.
The film was given a limited release theatrically in the United States by New World Pictures in October 1981. It was later released on VHS by Embassy Home Entertainment. 
The film was released on DVD by New Concorde Home Entertainment in 2001. This release is currently out of print. 

</doc>
<doc id="9693962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693962" title="Donald T. Critchlow">
Donald T. Critchlow

Donald Thomas Critchlow (born May 18, 1948) is a historian specializing in American political history.
Critchlow was born in Pasadena, California in 1948, and graduated from Maryville High School in Phoenix, Arizona. He graduated from San Francisco State University in 1968 and received his M.A. (1972) and Ph.D. (1978) from the University of California, Berkeley. Critchlow was an associate professor of history at the University of Notre Dame, before moving to Saint Louis University in St. Louis, Missouri as a professor of history. In the fall of 2010 he accepted a distinguished professorship, the Barry Goldwater Chair of American Institutions, at Arizona State University.
He is founding president on the Institute for Political History, a non-profit education foundation that sponsors the Policy History Conference, graduate travel awards, and other academic and historical projects. 
He has also been a visiting professor at University of Hong Kong (1997–98) and University of Warsaw in Poland (1988–89). In addition he has been a Guest Scholar at the Brookings Institution, a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, and a fellow at the Center for Philosophy and Politics. He has lectured throughout Europe and China as a State Department Distinguished Lecturer and as a Fulbright Scholar.
Critchlow is the author of six books, a textbook, and twelve edited books:
He has also co-authored a textbook on American history with Paula Baker and W. J. Rorabaugh, and edited a five-volume history of the United States published in Warsaw, Poland. 
In 1987, he co-founded the quarterly interdisciplinary "Journal of Policy History". Published by Cambridge University Press, the Journal has published a number of prize winning essays and sponsors an interdisciplinary conference. He is married to Patricia Powers Critchlow and they have two daughters, Agnieszka Critchlow and Magda Critchlow, and three grandchildren, Andrew, Alexander, and Joshua.

</doc>
<doc id="9693969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693969" title="Pilkingtons Buses">
Pilkingtons Buses

Pilkingtons Buses is a bus company operating in Accrington, Lancashire. 
History.
Pilkingtons Buses was established in 1967 as Rays taxis . Ray Pilkington began with an ex Hyndburn mayor ford zodiac after a few years more zodiacs and 3 minibuses ,2 ford transit and an Austin AU were used for a variety or taxi and minibus work a 41 seater Bedford VAL was owned for a short time on a colliery workers contract in Burnley .Around 1978 Ray had problems with his back and struggled to walk without aid of crutches after many tests doctors found no reason was until they operated and found a birth mark had slowly strangled his spinal nerves causing him to be paralised from the waist down . This came as a shock to all who knew him big towering RAY in a wheelchair ! After a short period of disbelief and "why me " Ray father of 7 children at the time aged from 2 to 12 got on with the help 24 hrs a day of his wife mary who single handed assisted Ray brought up 7 children and ran the taxi and Bed and Breakfast business . in 1986 Ray decided to have a bash at bus service this brought tough competition from council owned Hyndburn transport who blocked buses in and made allegations to Traffic Commission and other bodies this was met with more routes being registered but in 1988 the Pilkington family withdrew their buses . years later when the kids had grown up each of them obtaining psv licences and sitting CPC exams it was time to return to bus service it was very successful many schools contracts and 7 day bus services were operated through Rossendale , Clitheroe , Accrington and Blackburn . The Pilkington family carried out maintenance and drove the buses and managed in a very efficient and productive way to the envy of other operators who got together and attacked routes that pilkingtons operated 
in 2006 new company was formed from the next generation of Pilkington's family members King Travel and is one of numerous other companies run by Pilkingtons (Accrington) Limited.
2014 Pilkingtons operates 8 local services including hyndburn circular routes and 12 school contracts in a handsome red and cream livery. Dennis darts and Leyland / Volvo Olympians are the main fleet
Services.
The company had operated route 20 from Accrington to Blackburn via Oswaldtwistle, in frequent competition with Lancashire United's routes 1, 6 and 7. Thus, services are not as frequent. They also operated route 20D, a direct service between Accrington and Blackburn, this service was withdrawn and now the company concentrate their services in Accrington.
In August 2007, the company started operating route 114 between Preston and Chorley on behalf of Lancashire County Council. This route was previously operated by Blue Bus of Penwortham.
In March 2010, Pilkington's started the number 3 Huncoat circular, then in July introduced 4 more Accrington town services when the company saw a gap in the market.
Fleet.
As at September 2013 the fleet consists of 34 buses.

</doc>
<doc id="9693975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693975" title="Outside the Law (1937 film)">
Outside the Law (1937 film)

Outside the Law () is a Argentine thriller film directed and written by Manuel Romero. The film premiered on 12 May 1940 in the United States. The film starred José Gola, Luis Arata, Roberto Blanco and Irma Córdoba
<br clear ='all'>

</doc>
<doc id="9693985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693985" title="IIUM">
IIUM

IIUM may refer to:
For Isles Internationale Universite in Malaysia, also called Isles International University in Malaysia, see Isles International University.

</doc>
<doc id="9693992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693992" title="El Forastero">
El Forastero

El Forastero is a Argentine film directed by Antonio Ber Ciani.

</doc>
<doc id="9693996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693996" title="Batroxobin">
Batroxobin

Batroxobin is a serine protease derived from the venom of "Bothrops atrox". Its molecular weight is approximately 43,000 g/mol−1.
This thrombin-like proteolytic enzyme splits the 16 Arg-17 Gly bond in the A(alpha)-chain of fibrinogen, releasing fibrinopeptide A and leading to the clot formation through aggregation of formed of fibrin I monomer or Des-AA-monomer. In contrast to other anti-coagulants, it does not affect the functions of platelets. Hence, Batroxobin is used to determine fibrinogen in plasma, to measure a 'batroxobin clotting time' as a heparin-insensitive parallel to the thrombin time, to investigate dysfibrinogenemia, and to test the contractile system of platelets

</doc>
<doc id="9694019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694019" title="Mateo (film)">
Mateo (film)

Mateo is a Argentine drama film directed and written by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9694029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694029" title="Run for the Roses (film)">
Run for the Roses (film)

Run for the Roses is a 1977 film directed by Henry Levin.

</doc>
<doc id="9694031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694031" title="Melgarejo">
Melgarejo

Melgarejo is a Argentine film directed and written by Luis Moglia Barth. The film premiered in the US on September 19 1937 and starred Santiago Gómez Cou and Mecha Ortiz. Editing to the film was performed by Carlos Rinaldi.
Plot Outline.
Funny Melgarejo prevents Clotilde, a war pilot's wife, from being unfaithful to her husband. 
Cast.
Manuel Alcón as Liborio 

</doc>
<doc id="9694032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694032" title="Mark Borthwick">
Mark Borthwick

Mark Borthwick is a British photographer now living in Brooklyn, New York. His photos are often minimal and crisp, yet somewhat 'blown-out' in terms of colour saturation. He has contributed to many publications, including "Vogue", "George", "Purple", and "Index". He recently was responsible for all the album artwork and promotional material behind Passion Pit's new album "Gossamer". His wife is fashion designer Maria Cornejo.

</doc>
<doc id="9694036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694036" title="Sosnovo, Priozersky District, Leningrad Oblast">
Sosnovo, Priozersky District, Leningrad Oblast

Sosnovo (; ) is a rural locality (a logging depot settlement) in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus, and an important railway station of the Saint Petersburg-Kuznechnoye railroad. Population: 7,209 (2010 Census); 5,953 (2002 Census).
History.
It was established in 1500 by name of Rautu in Finland. Population was Finnish and mostly Lutheran until the Winter War 1939-1940. The Finnish population was evacuated, and the settlement finally ceded to the Soviet Union after Continuation War in 1944. The historical name Rautu was changed to the Russian Sosnovo in 1948, as with most historical names of the ceded Finnish Karelian isthmus.
Before the Winter War (1939–1940) and the Continuation War (1941–1944), it was the administrative center of the Rautu municipality of Viipuri Province of Finland. Finnish Rautu had population 5909 in 1939.
Prize-winning Russian folklore ensemble Leznaya Skazka is located in Sosnovo.

</doc>
<doc id="9694060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694060" title="Melodías porteñas">
Melodías porteñas

Melodías porteñas is a Argentine musical film directed and written by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9694072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694072" title="Pungwe River">
Pungwe River

Pungwe River () is a 400 km long river in Zimbabwe and Mozambique. It rises below Mount Nyangani in the Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe and then flows eastward through the Manica and Sofala provinces of Mozambique. It then empties to the Mozambique Channel in Beira, forming a large estuary. It is one of major rivers of Mozambique and often causes floods.
Pungwe basin.
Administratively, the Pungwe Basin covers parts of Sofala and Manica provinces in Mozambique, and a large part of Mutasa District in Zimbabwe. A small portion of the basin in Zimbabwe falls in Nyanga District. The basin population in Mozambique is estimated at 1,081,000 persons and that for Zimbabwe at 95,869 persons. 
Water supply systems.
Beira metropolitan area in Mozambique water supply is from Pungwe River. The 2004 water demand from the Beira/Dondo water supply, which including the Mutua and Mafambisse areas, was estimated at 25,339 m^3/day. 
The city of Mutare is supplied by Pungwe River water through an inter-catchment transfer facility. The quantities transferred are limited to a maximum of 0.7 cubic meters persecond by the provisions of a water permit and system design. In addition, on 27 September 1995, it was agreed in a meeting of the Mozambique and Zimbabwe Ministers responsible for Water Affairs that water could be abstracted from the Pungwe River to supply the city of Mutare, with an upper limit of 1 cubic meters per second. Consequently, a fixed abstraction of 60,480 cubic meters per day by Mutare city has been adopted as water demand from the Pungwe River. The Mutasa Rural District is also expected to draw water from the Pungwe pipeline to supply villages along its route. 

</doc>
<doc id="9694079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694079" title="Nobleza gaucha (1937 film)">
Nobleza gaucha (1937 film)

Nobleza gaucha is a Argentine film directed by Sebastián M. Naón, remade from the 1915 original, "Nobleza gaucha".

</doc>
<doc id="9694090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694090" title="PZK">
PZK

PZK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9694095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694095" title="Murió el sargento Laprida">
Murió el sargento Laprida

Murió el sargento Laprida is a Argentine film directed by Tito Davison.

</doc>
<doc id="9694103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694103" title="Saxonia">
Saxonia

Saxonia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9694106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694106" title="La Muchacha del circo">
La Muchacha del circo

La Muchacha del circo is a Argentine film directed and written by Francisco Mugica.

</doc>
<doc id="9694113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694113" title="Postconstructivism">
Postconstructivism

Postconstructivism was a transitional architectural style that existed in the Soviet Union in the 1930s, typical of early Stalinist architecture before World War II. The term "postconstructivism" was coined by Selim Khan-Magomedov, a historian of architecture, to describe the product of avant-garde artists' migration to Stalinist neoclassicism. Khan-Magomedov identified postconstructivism with 1932–1936, but the long construction time and vast size of the country extended the period to 1941.
Existence of this style is evident, but Khan-Magomedov's explanation of its evolution as a natural process inside the architectural community, rather than as a result of political direction by the Party and State, is strongly disputed.
Khan-Magomedov's viewpoint.
"This section is based on Khan-Magomedov's "Soviet avant-garde architecture", vol.1, "Avant-garde to postconstructivism and beyond""
Background.
In 1932–1933, during the Palace of Soviets contest, the State sent a clear message to architects that the age of experiment was over and the new buildings must follow the classical canon. At this time, architectural profession was divided into three generations:
Birth of a style.
According to Khan-Magomedov, two forerunners of the style were Ivan Fomin and Ilya Golosov. They converged on the same style from opposite directions – neoclassicism and constructivism. Fomin's concept, easily formulated, erected in steel and granite in Moscow (Dynamo Building), was well understood even by the inexperienced youth. "The youth instinctively followed those who managed to declare their stance clearly. The youth believed that this period is a self-sufficient cultural stage, not a transition to something else". In 1933–34, Golosov publicly disposed with the avantgarde. He returned to Neoclassicism, trying to avoid direct citations from the past. For example, he used square columns instead of traditional, round ones. Square, lean columns without capitals became a trademark feature of the emerging style. Golosov's entries in public design contests exposed his style to numerous followers.
Ivan Fomin and Ilya Golosov. Original concepts (never materialized):
Style defined.
Khan-Magomedov defined postconstructivism as neoclassical shapes without neoclassical detailing. Golosov and his followers deliberately replaced the proven historical details (columns, capitals, friezes and cornices) with their own inventions – to differentiate themselves from pure Revivalists. The main volumes follow the classical rules, and usually are perfectly symmetrical.
Ilya Golosov and Vladimir Vladimirov. Apartment buildings in Moscow
Recognition.
Postconstructivism benefited from a natural reaction against both the avantgarde and the eclectics of the past. It was perceived as "new", and at the same time allowed "grand" buildings that were to the taste of provincial elite. Another benefit in a time of total rationing was that, unlike Constructivism, the new style minimized use of steel and cement, turning back to primitive masonry with wooden floors and partitions. This helps explain the spread of Postconstructivism in the 1930s.
Evolution – Constructivism to Postconstructivism to Stalinism (Moscow)
Leningrad
Sverdlovsk and Kuibyshev
Demise.
By 1936, the left-wing "class of 1929" and younger (Mordvinov, Alabyan) had gained some practical experience. These architects completely lacked the classical training of older Constructivists; lack of skill prevented them from inventing their own incarnation of classical legacy; all they could do was copying. As a result, they buried their avantgarde teachers and proceeded straight to pure neoclassicism. They could not stop at postconstructivism because they – unlike Golosov or Fomin – could not innovate. Meanwhile, Fomin died in 1936, and Golosov was ageing physically, clearing the road for the young.
Another group of young architects, seeking academic training, joined the workshops of Zholtovsky and other old neoclassicists. They, too, skipped over postconstructivism – straight to the Stalinist canon. Their old mentors were still active and enjoyed the support of the State. There was no need for inventing new shapes or styling anymore. Postconstructivist projects dragged on for a few more years, but World War II finally sealed the fate of this style.
Criticism of Khan-Magomedov's viewpoint.
Role of state.
Authors like Dmitry Khmelnitsky appreciate Khan-Magomedov's studies of the 1920s and 1930s, but completely disagree with him on the origins and evolution of early Stalinist architecture and the demise of Constructivism.
Khan-Magomedov barely mentions the role of State (or Joseph Stalin personally) in those events, presenting the demise of avant-garde as a natural evolution within the professional community. He admits that the profession was manipulated by the "class of 1929" youth, but does not study the forces that shaped and directed their assaults. Not a word on Stalin's personal influence, not a word on rising terror. Khan-Magovedov discusses the 1929–1931 political assaults by VOPRA at length, but fails to mention that they were part of an all-out national campaign. As Khmelnitsky summarized it, "Postconstructivism was "born by terror". The very term is misleading. Traces of the Constructivist style in the Postconstructivism of the 1930s are a sign of indecision, not tradition. "They" banned constructivism, but didn't explain "what" to do; the result is an architectural pathology. Comparison with European parallels is useless. There were no "European parallels", even Nazi architecture does not come close".
Art Deco factor.
Postconstructivism merged closely with Soviet adaptations of Art Deco. Some examples of this style, like the 1934 Lenin Library by Vladimir Shchuko, may be mistaken for "Postconstructivism". In fact, Schuko was a seasoned Neoclassicist and the Library was his attempt to differentiate into "proletarian classic" with Art Deco tools. The situation inside professional community was even more diverse than Khan-Magomedov's picture. Vladimirov's apartment block featured above is usually classified as an Art Deco adaptation, too.
Present day.
Public awareness and preservation.
The general public is seldom aware of the concept of "postconstructivism". Real estate agents classify these buildings as "early stalinka", and that's how they are perceived by the public.
In Moscow, such buildings are gradually torn down or completely rebuilt (see facadism); demolition of postconstructivist buildings, with few exceptions, goes unnoticed even within preservationist community. One recently lost example was A.A. Samoilov's building on Novy Arbat in Moscow, torn down in 2006.
Safety hazards.
The buildings of the 1920s–1930s were built using primitive technologies (masonry, wet stucco, wooden ceilings and partitions), low-grade materials and a low-grade workforce. Poor initial quality and inadequate maintenance led to rapid decay. Excluding a few well-maintained, high-class apartment buildings, "early stalinka" are unsafe. February 10, 1999, a fire in Samara police department, built 1936, killed 57 men and women. On February 13, 2006, Panteleimon Golosov's Constructivist Pravda Building burnt down, killing one person and injuring four.
Reconstruction.
Proper reconstruction of Constructivist or "early stalinka" buildings is challenging. The structures are weak, and often require complete demolition. A notable example is School 518 (Balchug, Moscow), designed in 1933 by Ivan Zvezdin (1899–1979) and completed in 1935. Praised by Khan-Magomedov, the only Postconstructivist building entered on the national monument register, the school was reconstructed in 2001 to modern safety standards. Most of load-bearing walls and all 1935 interiors were completely rebuilt from scratch.
Revival.
New "postconstuctivist" or "early stalinka" buildings are rare. Preobrazhenskaya Zastava (Преображенская Застава) mixed-use project (two blocks, 308 apartments and retail stores) was completed in 2002–2005. Unusually for present-day Moscow, it actually looks like a period piece, not a cheap modern replica. There are no trademark square columns or slim porticos, yet it is the best attempt to recreate a style of the 1930s.
On a smaller scale, Russian architectural firms design country houses in true postconstructivist shape.

</doc>
<doc id="9694126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694126" title="Muchachos de la ciudad">
Muchachos de la ciudad

Muchachos de la ciudad is a Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.

</doc>
<doc id="9694141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694141" title="The Boys Didn't Wear Hair Gel Before">
The Boys Didn't Wear Hair Gel Before

"The Boys Didn't Wear Hair Gel Before (Spanish:Los Muchachos de antes no usaban gomina") is a 1937 Argentine historical drama film directed and written by Manuel Romero and starring Florencio Parravicini, Mecha Ortiz and Santiago Arrieta. Older and wiser, a man recount an romance he had with a young woman in turn-of-the-century Buenos Aires. He was eventually forced to give her up and marry a girl from a wealthy family.
The film's title alludes nostalgically to the past, referring to an era before young men began wearing hair gel which was commonplace by the mid-1930s. It was a popular success, one of the major hits of the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema. It marked the film debut of the actor and singer Hugo del Carril who quickly went on to become a leading star. The film was remade in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9694146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694146" title="Holiday (Dilana song)">
Holiday (Dilana song)

"Holiday" is an original song written by Dilana, about how her life has changed after appearing on . On February 20, it was released with "Ring of Fire" as a B-side track, exclusively on digital download websites such as iTunes and MySpace (through Snocap), where fans can also listen to the full version for free. It is the first single from her U.S. debut album, Inside Out, which was released on November 17, 2009.
Recording information.
Co-writing/ Vocals - Dilana
Co-Writing/Producing/Multiple Instruments - Dave Bassett
Mastering - Brian Gardner
Drums - Adrian Young (No Doubt)
Drum Tracks - Andrew Alekel (Grandmaster Recorders)
Music videos.
Dilana released a home-made music video for "Holiday" on YouTube on March 6, 2007. She used footage from her first six months after her rise to fame on "", covering everything from her trips to Iceland to her first independent tour in the United States. Fans can watch the video by clicking on the following link: Holiday unofficial music video
In November 2009, the official music video premiered on "Entertainment Weekly". The music video made its official television debut on LCN's "The Vault" on November 20, 2009 at 8:30 pm.
Allison Iraheta version.
American Idol Season 8 contestant Allison Iraheta covered "Holiday" on her debut album, "Just Like You".
In an interview with Lyndsey Parker of Yahoo! Music, who tells Iraheta that her cover of "Holiday" is the song on Just Like You she's most excited about, Iraheta said,
Later in the same interview, Allison said, "it is a little intimidating (to cover a song by someone you respect) at first cause I was like 'wow, this is so good,' but we're different." "" runner-up Dilana has also praised Iraheta, saying that she is "the only chic I would ever want to cover my song," calling her "so smart ... so talented" and saying that she had a "beautiful future ahead."
Reception.
Iraheta's cover of the song has been received positively. Jim Cantiello, from MTV writes "Iraheta's rock and roll swagger is in full swing on this rock and roll shuffle, co-written by fellow reality star Dilana," adding that 'Holiday' should be released as a single." Lyndsey Parker, from Yahoo! music called it a "glam-rock stomper." Michael Slezak, of Entertainment Weekly, writes, "The second I heard 'Holiday,' I thought to myself: 'This ditty should go directly to The Rocker (referring to Iraheta) — without passing go, and without collecting $200.'"

</doc>
<doc id="9694155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694155" title="Dafydd Gorlech">
Dafydd Gorlech

Dafydd Gorlech (c. 1410 - c. 1490) was a Welsh language poet.
Dafydd’s poetry is characterised by prophetic themes. His other surviving work suggests that he was captured alongside Sir Roger Vaughan by Jasper Tudor. Sir Roger was executed whereas Dafydd survived.

</doc>
<doc id="9694170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694170" title="David S. Rohde">
David S. Rohde

David Stephenson Rohde (born 1967) is an American author and investigative journalist for "Thomson Reuters". While a reporter for "The Christian Science Monitor", he won the Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting in 1996 for his coverage of the Srebrenica massacre. From July 2002 until December 2004, he was co-chief of "The New York Times" South Asia bureau, based in New Delhi, India. He shared a second Pulitzer Prize for "Times" 2008 team coverage of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
While in Afghanistan, Rohde was kidnapped by members of the Taliban in November 2008, but managed to escape in June 2009 after seven months in captivity. While he was in captivity, "The New York Times" collaborated with a number of media outlets, including al-Jazeera and Wikipedia, to remove news of the kidnapping from the public eye.
Background.
Rohde is a native of Maine. He is a graduate of Fryeburg Academy, a boarding school located in Fryeburg, Maine, attended Bates College, transferred to, and earned his Bachelor of Arts at Brown University in 1990. He is married to Kristen Mulvihill, a picture editor for "Cosmopolitan" magazine.
Reporting.
Rohde worked as a production secretary for the ABC News "World News Tonight" program from June 1990 to August 1991 and as a production associate for ABC's "New Turning Point" from January to July 1993. He has also worked as a freelance reporter based in the Baltic republics, Cuba, and Syria. He served as a county and municipal reporter for "The Philadelphia Inquirer" from July 1993 to June 1994 before joining "The Christian Science Monitor". He initially covered national news, reporting from Boston, New York City, and Washington, D.C.. In November 1994, he was sent to Zagreb, Croatia, to work as the newspaper's Eastern European correspondent, in which role he helped to expose the ethnic cleansing and genocide of the Muslim population of eastern Bosnia. He joined "The New York Times" in April 1996 and worked for them through mid-2011. He reported from Afghanistan for the first three months of the US-led war against the Taliban and served as co-chief of the "Times"s South Asia bureau from 2002 to 2005. More recently he worked as a member of the "Times"s investigations department in New York City. 
He is described by his "Times" colleagues as "an intrepid yet unassuming reporter who conducts himself modestly around the office, predictably attired in neatly ironed Oxford shirts and, often, his weathered Boston Red Sox cap."
Srebrenica.
Rohde was the first outside eyewitness of the aftermath of the Srebrenica massacre when he traveled to the eastern Bosnian town of Srebrenica and Zepa in August 1995, a month after the fall of the towns to the Army of the Republika Srpska. He reported seeing human bones, "Muslim prayer beads, clothing and still legible receipts and election ballots from Srebrenica", as well as shell casings and ammunition boxes in the vicinity of three large mass graves. He described being told that Bosnian Serb troops were hunting down and summarily executing Bosnian Muslims (Bosniaks) from the town. He subsequently located eyewitnesses to the massacre and wrote about the circumstances that led up to the killings.
He returned to the Republika Srpska in October 1995 to follow up his article on the Srebrenica massacre but was secretly arrested by Bosnian Serb authorities on October 29 in the town of Zvornik, around 80 miles from Sarajevo. He was charged with "illegal border crossing and staying on the territory of the Republika Srpska and for falsifying documents". He was held captive in the Bosnian Serb-held town of Bijeljina for ten days, during which he was repeatedly interrogated, harassed and kept in a 10-foot-by-20-foot (3m by 7m) cell with five other inmates for over 23 hours a day. Rohde was sentenced to 15 days' imprisonment on the first two charges and was due to be sentenced on the spying charge before he was released. The trial had been held in Serbo-Croatian and, although a translator was present, there was no defense lawyer and no US diplomatic representation as required by the Vienna Convention. The espionage charge, the most serious of the three, was "punishable by three to 15 years (imprisonment) in peacetime and 10 years to death in wartime."
Rohde's capture was not initially admitted by the Bosnian Serb authorities, who gave conflicting answers as to whether he had been detained and where he was being held. Five days after he was taken prisoner, the Bosnian Serb news agency issued a statement on his capture. The US Government subsequently brought to bear intense diplomatic pressure to release him. A key role was played by Kati Marton, an author and journalist married to the US envoy Richard Holbrooke, who was negotiating with the Serbian president Slobodan Milošević to end the Bosnian War. Marton, who was at the time the chairwoman of the Committee to Protect Journalists, intervened repeatedly during the talks that led to the Dayton Agreement to persuade Milošević to use his influence to secure Rohde's release. The US Secretary of State Warren Christopher was also involved in pressing for Rohde's release at the Dayton talks. A variety of other political and journalistic figures were also involved in campaigning on Rohde's behalf, including Senator Bob Dole, Peter Jennings, Ted Koppel, and David Frost. Rohde was subsequently pardoned by order of the Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadžić in what Karadžić characterized as a goodwill gesture.
Following his release, Rohde reported that he had reached Srebrenica and found substantial evidence of the massacre at four of six of the mass grave sites previously identified by US reconnaissance aircraft and satellites and commented: "A final, accurate accounting of the Srebrenica massacres will only come if Sahanici and the other five sites are dredged for the truth." He described the circumstances of his arrest: "This correspondent changed the date of issue on a Bosnian Serb press accreditation from 19/12/94 to 29/10/95 and used it to pass through Bosnian Serb checkpoints and reach the area. This correspondent was arrested at the execution site by Bosnian Serb police, stripped of all documents and photos taken of the area, accused of espionage, and jailed for 10 days." His ordeal in captivity and the subsequent negotiations to free him were described in detail in a three-part special report published a few days later.
Rohde's reporting from Bosnia, according to the British journalist Henry Porter, "had a deep effect on the journalists who had covered the Bosnian civil war. They became not so much militarised as passionately committed to fighting Milosevic's regime ... if Rohde had not - at some personal risk - set out to prove the rumours about the massacres, a great truth would have been buried along with the thousands of men from Srebrenica." Porter observed that "the extent of the slaughter might not have emerged if it had not been for the bravery of David Rohde." 
Rohde went on to testify before the US House of Representatives Committee on Security and Cooperation in Europe in December 1995 on what he had seen at Srebrenica. He returned to Srebrenica with a group of Western reporters at the start of April 1996, reporting that "approximately 70 percent of the larger of the two mass graves and approximately 50 percent of the smaller of the two have been recently dug up" and that other evidence that he had seen the previous October had been removed. 
Also in April 1996, Rohde won the Polk Award for foreign reporting, being cited for "risking his life to uncover the Srebrenica massacres of Bosnian Muslims, the worst genocide in Europe since the Holocaust." Shortly afterwards, Rohde was awarded the 1996 Pulitzer Prize "for his persistent on-site reporting of the massacre of thousands of Bosnian Muslims in Srebrenica.
In 1997, Rohde published a widely acclaimed account of the massacre, "Endgame: The Betrayal and Fall of Srebrenica, Europe's Worst Massacre Since World War II" (published in paperback as "A Safe Area: Srebrenica - Europe's Worst Massacre Since the Second World War"). It was described as a "masterly" account of how "good - but conflicted and weakly held - Western intentions were swept away by the racist imperatives of the Serb leaders." Writing in "The Guardian", Julian Borger declared it to be "essential reading" and commented: "It is journalism at its committed best - painstaking, compassionate, full of telling detail and rigorous in its judgments."
Rohde's work was the subject of study by a class in "Elements of International Reporting" at Columbia University's journalism school in spring 2001. The study explained: "We felt that Rohde's work was ideal for a case study in reporting on gross human rights violations, presenting opportunities to study both the professional techniques and the moral issues that pertain to such work."
Detainees.
While at "The New York Times", Rohde has written about peacekeeping efforts in Afghanistan and Iraq. He has reported among other things on the hardships endured by men detained and released from the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. During 2004 and 2005 he wrote extensively on the treatment of detainees at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad and at the Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan. He also broke the story of the full extent of the US Government's roundup of American Muslims following the September 11, 2001 attacks. "The American Prospect" noted:
In April 2009, Rohde shared in a second Pulitzer Prize, awarded to the staff of "The New York Times" for "its masterful, groundbreaking coverage of America's deepening military and political challenges in Afghanistan and Pakistan, reporting frequently done under perilous conditions."
Kidnapping.
In November 2008, while in Afghanistan doing research for a book, Rohde and two associates were kidnapped by members of the Taliban. After being held captive for seven months and ten days, in June 2009 Rohde and one of his associates escaped and made their way to safety. The other associate escaped a month later. During his captivity, Rohde's colleagues at "The New York Times" appealed to other members of the news media not to publish any stories relating to the abduction. The resulting media blackout of Rohde's kidnapping has caused a wider debate about the responsibility to report news in a timely manner. Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales complied with a request from the "Times" to maintain the blackout, which he did through several administrators.
Recognition.
In January 2012, Rohde was named one of the International Press Institute's World Press Freedom Heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="9694184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694184" title="La Vuelta de Rocha">
La Vuelta de Rocha

La Vuelta de Rocha is a Argentine film directed and written by Manuel Romero.

</doc>
<doc id="9694191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694191" title="Viejo barrio">
Viejo barrio

Viejo barrio is a 1937 Argentine film directed and written by Manuel Romero.

</doc>
<doc id="9694199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694199" title="Inchgower distillery">
Inchgower distillery

Inchgower distillery is a whisky distillery producing a single malt of the same name located on the outskirts of Buckie, Moray, Scotland.
The distillery was built in 1871 to replace Tochineal Distillery but liquidated in 1903. Buckie Council purchased the concern in 1936 and ownership was transferred to Arthur Bell & Sons Ltd in 1938 and indeed to this very day the Bell's logo is used in the advertising of Inchgower. The current operator of Inchgower is Diageo. As of 1966 Inchgower has operated four stills.
The distillations of Inchgower contribute a major component of Bell's blended whisky.
The Inchgower is classified as a Lower Speyside Malt and takes its water from a burn rising in the Menduff Hills to the south of Buckie.

</doc>
<doc id="9694201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694201" title="Lady Knight">
Lady Knight

Lady Knight is the fourth book in the "Protector of the Small" quartet by Tamora Pierce. This book is Kel's first appearance as a Knight of the Realm.
Plot summary.
War with the neighboring country of Scanra is declared at last, and Kel finds herself in charge of a refugee camp. Her district commander, Lord Wyldon, has chosen not to place her in control of a border post or a portion of the army like the other knights, so she's certain that he wishes to keep her—who, as a woman, he views as inferior in combat to males—out of fighting. However, it is revealed that she was chosen for her post because she is the only knight Wyldon knows who wouldn't discriminate against those not of noble blood. Kel soon comes to realize that these refugees, torn from their homes, robbed of their wealth and self-respect, are her responsibility. She must feed them, house them, and keep them safe from harm far too close to the Scanran border. She is able to be a hero, even outside of the battlefield.
In her work at the camp Kel names Haven, she receives help in the shape of her old friends Neal and Merric, the horses Peachblossom and Hoshi, the dog Jump, and her personal sparrow flock, as well as from a mixed myriad group of others: the Wildmage Daine; Daine's lover, the great mage Numair Salmalin; Neal's own father, Duke Baird of Queenscove; Kel's former knight-master Raoul of Goldenlake and Malorie's Peak; men of the King's Own (including Kel's friend and Neal's cousin Sergeant Domitan of Masbolle); convict soldiers who have been given the choice to fight in the army or to die at hard labor; several hundred disillusioned refugees who have received too many empty promises from nobles; smugglers; and a young, orphaned boy with wild magic for horses named Tobe.
While Kel struggles with her responsibilities and the urge simply to abandon the camp and find a real fight, another obligation hangs over her. Before the war began, she was given a task by the Chamber of the Ordeal: to find and destroy the mage whose necromancy creates the giant, swift-moving, deadly metallic machines from the souls of children, known to the Tortallans as "killing devices." But, tied to the camp, she cannot pursue it. However, as the summer wears on and the war intensifies, events move to put that perverted mage and his conscienceless war-leader in Kel's path, and at last her resolve is tested, and she and all of Tortall find out if she is truly worthy of her shield.
After months of hard work with the refugees, Kel feels that they can sufficiently take care of the camp while she is gone for several days to deliver a requested oral report to Lord Wyldon. However, when Tobe is brought into the fort, tired from a long trek from Kel's refugee camp, she knows that something is wrong. The Scanrans have captured her people, and Kel believes that the children will be used to create the horrible metal killing devices terrorizing Tortall. Worse, Lord Wyldon forbids her to go after them. She is left with a choice: obey Wyldon's orders and leave her people for the killing devices, or go after them and presumably be declared a traitor.
After burying the few dead at Haven, Kel tricks her guards into returning to Lord Wyldon without her, and begins what she believes will be a long and harrowing journey into enemy territory. Much to her surprise and dismay, she is soon joined by Neal, several of her other year-mates, Owen, Tobe, and members of the King's Own. They follow the path of the kidnapped refugees across the deadly Vassa river and into Scanra. A series of altercations result in the Scanran guards being depleted, and the rescue of the adult refugees and convict guards of Haven. Continuing to track the kidnapped children, they are led to Fief Rathhausak, and a final battle between the Tortallans and the Scanrans leaves Blayce dead, and the people of Rathhausak free from his tyranny.
The Tortallans and villagers of Rathhausak return across the border to Tortall. In recompense for disobeying orders, she is ordered to build and command a new refugee camp, known as New Hope.
Errata.
There is a minor continuity error between Lady Knight and Lioness Rampant, the fourth book in the earlier Song of the Lioness quartet, concerning the Chamber of the Ordeal. In Chapter One of "Lady Knight" ("Storm Warnings"), Kel's former knight master Raoul of Goldenlake tells her that no one has been allowed back inside the Chamber a second time in all of history. This conflicts with events in Chapter 8 of "Lioness Rampant" ("Crossroads in Time"), in which Jonathan of Conté enters the Chamber a second time for the Ordeal of Kings—his first experience being his Ordeal of Knighthood. 

</doc>
<doc id="9694213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694213" title="Bernardine (film)">
Bernardine (film)

Bernardine is a 1957 film directed by Henry Levin and starring Pat Boone, Terry Moore, Dean Jagger, Dick Sargent, and (in her last film, after a 19-year absence) Janet Gaynor. The 1952 play upon which the movie is based was written by Mary Coyle Chase, the Denver playwright who also wrote the smash hit Broadway play "Harvey". The title song, with words and music by Johnny Mercer, became a hit record for Boone.
Plot.
A singing teen pairs his military-officer brother with a dream-girl telephone operator new in town.

</doc>
<doc id="9694215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694215" title="Viento norte">
Viento norte

Viento norte (also known as North Wind) is a Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9694218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694218" title="Harry Hibbard">
Harry Hibbard

Harry Hibbard (June 1, 1816 – July 28, 1872) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Concord, Vermont where he pursued classical studies. He graduated from Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire in 1835 where he studied law. After graduation, he was admitted to the bar in 1838 and commenced practice in Bath, New Hampshire.
Hibbard was an assistant clerk and clerk of the New Hampshire House of Representatives 1840-1842. He served as an elected member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives 1843-1845 and Speaker in 1844 and 1845. He served in the New Hampshire Senate in 1845, 1847, and 1848 and as president of that body in 1847 and 1848. In addition, he served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1848 and 1856.
Hibbard was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Congresses (March 4, 1849-March 3, 1855). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1854. After leaving Congress, he declined an appointment to the New Hampshire Supreme Court. He died in a sanatorium in Somerville, Massachusetts in 1872 and was buried in the Village Cemetery, Bath, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9694225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694225" title="John Jones, Talysarn">
John Jones, Talysarn

John Jones, Talysarn (1 March 1796 - 16 August 1857), was a Welsh Calvinistic Methodist minister, regarded as one of the greatest preachers in the history of Wales. Because the name "John Jones" was one of the most common in Wales at the time, he is usually differentiated by others of the same name by the use of the suffix "Talysarn", denoting the village where he lived.
Life.
John Jones was born in a house called Tanycastell, in Dolwyddelan and brought up in a farming family but which also had many connections with Nonconformist religion. He received no formal education and was a monoglot Welsh language speaker.
As a young man around 1820 he was engaged as a labourer building Thomas Telford's road from London to Holyhead (now known as the A5), and was heard by his fellow workers preaching on religious matters as he walked to work. In 1822 he moved to Talysarn to find work in the quarry, but was increasingly devoting himself to preaching. He was ordained in 1829. He would become widely known by the name "John Jones, Talysarn" after his adopted home village.
He married Frances (Fanny) Edwards around this time and left the quarry as they kept a shop together - although in practice it was she who understood business and kept the shop, so that he could devote time to matters of religion.
Between 1850 and 1852 he was a joint owner of the Dorothea Quarry but this was not to his taste.
He died on 16 August 1857 and was buried at the parish graveyard in Llanllyfni. In the funeral procession were 8 doctors, 65 ministers, 70 deacons, 200 choristers and around 4,000 others with a further 2,000 who joined en route.
His work.
In an age when Nonconformist preaching had been riven by doctrinal differences, John Jones spoke plainly on matters that concerned the common people. They considered him one of their own, which was the foundation of his widespread appeal.
He was also a singer, and composed the hymn tune "Llanllyfni".
Genealogy.
John Jones was a member of a large family which has gone to some trouble, before and since, to record its genealogy. Both his father and mother were descended from the poet Angharad James. In the mid-nineteenth century several of his brothers and sisters and their offspring emigrated to the area around Cambria, Wisconsin, USA. As a result there is interest to this day from many in Wales and the USA in tracing their genealogy through this family.

</doc>
<doc id="9694226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694226" title="Buzi River">
Buzi River

Buzi River () is a river in Mozambique. Buzi flows eastward through the Manica and Sofala provinces of Mozambique. It then empties to the Mozambique Channel west of Beira, forming an estuary.
The Buzi River is long, with a drainage basin in size. Its mean annual discharge is 79 m³/s (2,790 cfs) at its mouth.
It often causes floods, frequently forming a floodplain together with the larger Pungwe River.

</doc>
<doc id="9694228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694228" title="Lyudmila Petrushevskaya">
Lyudmila Petrushevskaya

Lyudmila Stefanovna Petrushevskaya () (born 26 May 1938) is a Russian writer, novelist and playwright.
Life and career.
The Moscow-born Petrushevskaya is regarded as one of Russia's most prominent contemporary writers, whose writing combines postmodernist trends with the psychological insights and parodic touches of writers such as Anton Chekhov. Over the last few decades, she has been one of the most acclaimed contemporary writers at work in Eastern Europe; "Publishers Weekly" has called her "one of the finest living Russian writers".
In 1979 she was co-writer of the scenario for one of the most influential Russian animated films, "Tale of Tales". She served as a jury member in the 3rd Open Russian Festival of Animated Film in 1998.
In a 1993 interview with Sally Laird, translator of her novella "," Petrushevskaya said of her own work, "Russia is a land of women Homers, women who tell their stories orally, just like that, without inventing anything. They're extraordinarily talented storytellers. I'm just a listener among them." 
Her works include the novels "The Time Night" (1992) and "The Number One", both short-listed for the Russian Booker Prize, and "Immortal Love", a collection of short stories and monologues. Since the late 1980s her plays, stories and novels have been published in more than 30 languages. In 2003 she was awarded the Pushkin Prize in Russian literature by the Alfred Toepfer Foundation in Germany. She was awarded the Russian State Prize for arts (2004), the Stanislavsky Award (2005), and the Triumph Prize (2006).
A new collection, "There Once Lived a Woman who Tried to Kill Her Neighbor's Baby", was published in the U.S. by Penguin Books in October 2009 and became a New York Times Book Review bestseller in December 2009. In 2010 it won the World Fantasy Award for Best Collection. The first major translation of her work by an American publisher, the stories often contain mystical or allegorical elements which are used to illuminate bleak Soviet and post-Soviet living conditions. The collection of stories has been well reviewed, buttressing Petrushevskaya's reputation in the English-speaking world. An article in Dissent called the collection "a striking introduction to the author's work":
"Petrushevskaya’s stories could easily be read as bleak grotesques, populated by envious neighbors, selfish adolescents, and parents who overcompensate with exaggerated love. But ultimately, Petrushevskaya’s skillful juxtapositions yield glints of light. Resilience and ingenuity thread through the hardship, whether in the form of forgiveness or love. Such traces of humanity are starker—and brighter—because of the darkness that surrounds them." 
This collection was followed in 2013 by a second English language book, "THERE ONCE LIVED A GIRL WHO SEDUCED HER SISTER’S HUSBAND, AND HE HANGED HIMSELF".
In her late 60s, Petrushevskaya started a singing career, creating new lyrics for her favorite songs. Since 2008 she has been regularly performing as a singer in Moscow (from nightclubs to major venues such as the Moscow House of Music) and across Russia as well as internationally. Recently she has begun writing her own songs.
Petrushevskaya is also known as a visual artist; her portraits, nudes, and still lifes have been shown in Russia's major museums (Tretyakov Gallery, Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, State Museum of Literature) and private galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="9694233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694233" title="Majken Johansson">
Majken Johansson

Majken Johansson (August 7, 1930, Malmö – December 11, 1993) was a Swedish poet, writer and a Salvation Army soldier.
Majken Johansson was born out of wedlock in Malmö, and spent her childhood in foster care with an abusive foster mother. At the age of 9, she was evacuated from Malmö at the outbreak of World War II and lived with relatives in Småland. Despite her difficult childhood she went through school with good grades and managed to get in at the prestigious Lund University, where she graduated. During her tenage and university years she also suffered from alcoholism. In 1956, after a stormy relationship with another woman, which ended with the woman committing suicide, Majken Johansson suffered a life crisis which would lead to her decision to join the Swedish section of the Salvation Army in 1958. 
She began to write in the early 1950s, both socially debating articles in newspapers, and poetry. Her first volume of poetry was the critically acclaimed "Buskteater" in 1952. She published 8 volumes of poetry between 1952 and 1989. Her poems are not only concerned with life, love and God, but also on everyday reflections in a very simple and keen way, often with a lot of humor.
Her life partner was the Salvation Army officer and hymn writer Karin Hartman, who in 2002 published "Bottenglädjen", a book about Majken Johansson's life.
In recent years Johansson's poetry has been published in new editions and gained a generation of new readers. She is today regarded as one of Sweden's greatest poets of the mid-20th century, alongside names such as Hjalmar Gullberg and Werner Aspenström. In 1970 she was awarded the Large Prize by "Samfundet De Nio". She was also awarded a literary prize by the magazine "Vi" in 1958, the "Sveriges Radios poetry award" in 1965, the "Deverthska kulturstiftelsens Forsethpris" in 1972, and the "Sydsvenska Dagbladets kulturpris" in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9694234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694234" title="Charles Romes">
Charles Romes

Charles Michael Romes (born December 16, 1954 in Verdun, France) was an American football cornerback in the NFL, primarily for the Buffalo Bills. He played college football at North Carolina Central University. Romes's 137 total starts with Buffalo are eight-most in team history.
Romes played for the Bills for a total of ten seasons, playing in every game for the Bills from his rookie season to 1986, starting every game from 1978 forward. Romes logged at least one interception in every year from 1978 to 1986; his 28 career interceptions are fourth in team history. In Week Two of his second season, Romes returned an interception 85 yards for a touchdown against the New York Jets.
Romes played five games with the San Diego Chargers in 1987.
References.
Charles Romes at "Pro-Football-Reference"

</doc>
<doc id="9694238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694238" title="La Virgencita de madera">
La Virgencita de madera

La Virgencita de madera is a Argentine film directed by Sebastián Naón.

</doc>
<doc id="9694250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694250" title="Dingo (novel)">
Dingo (novel)

Dingo is a novel by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau (1913).
Plot summary.
Completed by Mirbeau’s long-time friend Léon Werth, when the author’s ill health prevented him from writing the concluding chapters, "Dingo", Mirbeau’s final novel, appeared in completed form with Fasquelle in 1913. An autobiographical fiction, Mirbeau’s tale chronicles the author’s adventures with his pet dog Dingo while simultaneously offering a jaundiced view of country life, in Ponteilles-en-Barcis, a squalid town modeled on the village of Cormeilles-en-Vexin, where Mirbeau had the misfortune to reside.
Commentary.
Carrying on in the same vein as "La 628-E8", in which the hero of the novel had been Mirbeau’s automobile, "Dingo again" takes a non-human as its central character, the marauding, untamed creature that assumes mythical proportions in Mirbeau’s book. Uncorrupted by social institutions, endowed with animal good sense, Dingo exposes the vices, duplicity, and venality of the local autochthons while also instructing his “master” in the virtue of living in harmony with the instincts.
Despite praising his dog, Mirbeau offers an unromanticized image of the predatory beast, whose displays of goodness and affection are offset by murderous rampages, his wholesale slaughter of sheep and chickens. Herein Mirbeau shows that man and animal alike obey the “law of murder”, whose operation Mirbeau had described in "Le Jardin des supplices" ("Torture Garden").
Because of the indeterminacy of its genre affiliation, because of its decentering of the masterful human subject who acts as a confident narrator, Mirbeau's novel shows how completely he had broken with the conventions of realist fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="9694255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694255" title="Palermo (film)">
Palermo (film)

Palermo is a 1937 Argentine comedy film directed by Arturo S. Mom and starring Nedda Francy, José Gola and Orestes Caviglia. The film's title refers to the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires. The story was written by Guillermo Salazar Altamira, a sports journalist.
Synopsis.
A petty criminal attempts to fleece a wealthy horse racing fan with the help of a beautiful woman who turns out to be an undercover member of the police.

</doc>
<doc id="9694278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694278" title="Romanian Figure Skating Championships">
Romanian Figure Skating Championships

The Romanian Figure Skating Championships is a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national championships of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="9694333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694333" title="Harold Blitman">
Harold Blitman

Harold Blitman (February 12, 1930 – March 23, 2012) was a basketball coach. Blitman was head coach of the American Basketball Association team the Miami Floridians during the 1969-1970 season and of The Floridians during the 1970-1971 season.
Blitman was head coach at Cheyney State from 1962 to 1969.
The Miami Floridians began the 1969-1970 season winning only 5 of their first 20 games under head coach Jim Pollard. On November 29, 1969, Pollard was fired and replaced by Blitman. The team finished with a record of 23 wins and 61 losses. Management problems beyond Blitman's control were a factor; on April 13, 1970 the ABA took over management of the team. The team's average home attendance for the season was 2,724. Ned Doyle took over as majority owner of the team after the season.
In the 1970-1971 season, playing as The Floridians with home games in different parts of the state, the team finished with a record of 37 wins and 47 losses, good for fourth place in the Eastern Division. Average attendance rose to 4,020. However, Blitman was fired as coach on January 15, 1971 and was replaced by Bob Bass.
References.
http://www.delconewsnetwork.com/articles/2011/06/08/sports/doc4de7d764e5246206826242.txt

</doc>
<doc id="9694367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694367" title="Bill Dan">
Bill Dan

Bill Dan is a sculptor and performance artist specializing in rock balancing. He creates seemingly impossible, temporary balanced sculptures from un-worked rock and stone in public spaces near his home in San Francisco. 
Dan was born in Indonesia, and worked as a warehouseman before discovering the artistic possibilities of rock along the San Francisco Bay shoreline and his emergent skill in manipulating them.
Bill was initially inspired by rock piles he had seen on the Big Island of Hawai'i, the cairns of the Inuit, and later by the work of Andy Goldsworthy.
In 2004, he was featured on San Francisco public television station KQED as one of the artists in a show entitled "Collaborations with Nature". Since then, he has been the subject of interviews and shows on TV stations in Japan, Korea, and the Philippines, as well as other U.S. stations.
Photos of his art have appeared in "Coast and Ocean", the magazine of the California Coastal Commission, where he was the subject of a lengthy article, and have been used for book, magazine, and educational materials. He has been a featured presenter 
with the California Academy of Sciences and the Zeum exploratory space in San Francisco. A DVD compendium of video clips taken of Bill Dan at work by himself, by a professional filmmaker, and by a local amateur, entitled "The First Bill Dan Collection" is currently 
sold-out.
Bill Dan has frequently been asked about the "meaning" of his work, and he often replies that "Some people try to make things too complicated. This is the opposite."

</doc>
<doc id="9694373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694373" title="Bruce Harper">
Bruce Harper

Bruce Harper (born June 20, 1955) was an American football running back and kick returner for the New York Jets of the NFL. He was signed as an undrafted free agent out of Kutztown by the Jets in 1977. Bruce Harper is the all-time kick returner in New York Jets history with 5407 yards in kickoff returns. He also served as the Jets punt returner from 1977 to 1982, totalling 1748 PR yards and 1 touchdown. Harper also played running back. His total yards are 11429: 1829 rushing yards, 2409 receiving yards, 1784 PR yards and 5407 KR yards.
Harper played high school football at Dwight Morrow High School in Englewood. He moved on to play at Kutztown State College, where he became the school's first 1,000 yard rusher.
Harper's 42 jersey is the jersey worn by diehard Jets fan (and leader of the J-E-T-S chant) Fireman Ed.
Harper was a longtime resident of Norwood, New Jersey, but now lives in Closter, New Jersey.
Harper is founder and director of the non-for-profit organization Heroes & Cool Kids. Based in school systems throughout New Jersey, the mentoring program reaches out to elementary and middle-school kids by high school athletes and students of the same district. The high school students are trained through the Heroes and Cool Kids' curriculum and by former professional athletes, such as former NFL player, Keith Elias, former LA Lakers player, John Celestand, and former NJ Nets player, Tim Bassett.

</doc>
<doc id="9694403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694403" title="Ronald Reagan Freedom Award">
Ronald Reagan Freedom Award

The Ronald Reagan Freedom Award is the highest civilian honor bestowed by the private Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation. The award is given to "those who have made monumental and lasting contributions to the cause of freedom worldwide."
Today, the award is given by Former First Lady Nancy Reagan on behalf of her husband, who died in June 2004. The award was first given in 1992, by President Ronald Reagan himself, as well as in 1993, but in 1994 Mrs. Reagan presented the award instead of her husband. Ronald Reagan had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease a few months before, and was not able to attend the ceremony.
In order to receive the award, the potential recipient must "have made monumental and lasting contributions to the cause of freedom worldwide," as well as "embody President Reagan's lifelong belief that one man or woman truly can make a difference."
Recipients.
Former President George H.W. Bush, who was awarded the medal on February 6, 2007, the anniversary of Ronald Reagan's 96th birthday, remarked, "I wish I had a little Ronald Reagan in me when it came to communicating with the American people. Had I been blessed with my predecessor's remarkable skill, who knows? I might still be employed." On a more serious note, he said later in the speech: "Working with Ronald Reagan was one of the greatest joys of my life." Bush served as Reagan's Vice President for the eight years that Reagan was President. 
On September 17, 2008, the award was presented to former Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky by former first lady Nancy Reagan.

</doc>
<doc id="9694425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694425" title="Silver War Badge">
Silver War Badge

The Silver War Badge was issued in the United Kingdom to service personnel who had been honourably discharged due to wounds or sickness during World War I. The badge, sometimes known as the Discharge Badge, Wound Badge or Services Rendered Badge, was first issued in September 1916, along with an official certificate of entitlement. 
The sterling silver lapel badge was intended to be worn in civilian clothes. It had been the practice of some women to present white feathers to apparently able-bodied young men who were not wearing the King's uniform. The badge was to be worn on the right breast while in civilian dress, it was forbidden to wear on a military uniform. 
The badge bears the royal cipher of GRI (for "Georgius Rex Imperator"; George, King and Emperor) and around the rim "For King and Empire; Services Rendered". Each badge was uniquely numbered on the reverse. The War Office made it known that they would not replace Silver War Badges if they went missing, however if one was handed into a police station then it would be returned to the War Office. If the original recipient could be traced at his or her discharge address then the badge would be returned.
A very similar award, known as the King's Badge, was issued in World War II. Although each was accompanied by a certificate, issues of this latter award were not numbered.
Silver War Badge - "Medal Cards and Rolls".
The 'SWB List' when mentioned on a medal card refers to a list that is now kept in The National Archives. There are two different types of cards on which the List can be mentioned.
If there is no Silver War Badge Card,then the details of the soldier's discharge can be found out by a visit to the National Archives at Kew. There should be a reference to a Silver War Badge Roll, for example in the picture above it says "SWB List TH/345" this refers to the roll in which the man is mentioned. On the Silver War Badge roll it should mention at the very least the number of the badge, the official reason and date of his discharge.
A silver war badge card, can be accessed online via the National Archives, Documents Online. On the card it should mention the date of discharge, the cause and the number of the badge (in many ways just like a Silver War Badge Roll but online, and therefore easier to access)
Records for the Australian Imperial Force can be accessed via [http://www.awm.gov.au/encyclopedia/badges/silver_war_badge.asp]
King's Regulations For Discharge.
There are twenty-nine different ways in which someone could have been discharged under the King's Regulations. On a Silver War Badge Card, it could say KR (xxi) as it does on the example SWB card. This stands for King's Regulations, section twenty-one. The different regulations are;
Issued Numbers.
Approximately 1,150,000 badges were issued, which had to be claimed and then approved, generally covered by §(xvi) above. The numbers on the back of the badge kept changing during the war. 
See also.
World War One - Medal Abbreviations
Badges issued to South African Soldiers have the SA prefix and to Canadians have a C prefix

</doc>
<doc id="9694455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694455" title="Monegasque Cycling Federation">
Monegasque Cycling Federation

The Monegasque Cycling Federation or FMC (in French: "Fédération Monégasque de Cyclisme") is the national governing body of cycle racing in Monaco.
The FMC is a member of the UCI and the UEC.

</doc>
<doc id="9694456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694456" title="Hauganes">
Hauganes

Hauganes is a small village in Iceland located 30 km north of Akureyri.
Hauganes is located in Eyjafjörður, the longest fjord in central northern Iceland. Hauganes has about 137 inhabitants.
The place name Hauganes originated with the Old Norse word "Haugr", meaning hill, mound or barrow. Fishing is an important industry to the village. Haliotis Iceland, founded in 2000, has its abalone farm in Hauganes. Conditions in Hauganes are excellent for growing abalone. Haliotis Iceland ltd. is Iceland's only abalone producer. Ekta fiskur also produces salt fish as a facility located in Hauganes.
Hauganes is also a popular tourist destination. Whale-watching and sea angling trips depart from Hauganes. Both whales and seals may also be viewed at a number of spots including nearby Öxarfjörður. Tourists can also visit the offshore islands of Hrisey and Grimsey from here, which are of particular interest to bird watchers.

</doc>
<doc id="9694458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694458" title="Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero">
Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero

Wilfredo Ma. Guerrero (January 22, 1911 - April 28, 1995) was a Filipino playwright, director, teacher and theater artist. 
He has written well over a hundred plays, 41 of which have been published. His unpublished plays have either been broadcast over the radio or staged in various parts of the Philippines.
His publications include "13 Plays" (first published in 1947), "8 Other Plays" (1952), "7 More Plays" (1962), "12 New Plays" (1975), "My Favorite 11 Plays" (1976), "4 Latest Plays" (1980), "Retribution and eight other selected plays" (1990) and "The Guerreros of Ermita" (1988).
He has been the teacher of some of the most famous people in the Performing Arts at present: Behn Cervantes, Celia Diaz-Laurel, Joy Virata, and Joonee Gamboa.
Biography.
Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero was born in Ermita, Manila. At the Age 14, he has already written his first play in Spanish, entitled, "No Todo Es Risa." This play was produced at the Ateneo de Manila University when he was 15.
Aside from becoming a reporter and a proofreader for La Vanguardia, a Spanish newspaper, and a drama critic for the Manila Tribune, he also worked for some time in Philippine Films as a scriptwriter. He also became the director Filipino Players from 1941-1947.
In 1947 he was appointed as the University of the Philippines Dramatic Club director despite lacking a degree, a position he served for sixteen years.
In 1962, he organized and directed the U.P. Mobile Theater that goes on the road all over the Philippines to for performances.
Several Guerrero plays have been translated into and produced in Chinese, Italian, Spanish, Tagalog, Visayan, Ilocano and Waray. Six of his plays have been produced abroad: "Half an Hour in a Convent" at the Pasadena Playhouse, California; "Three Rats" at the University of Kansas; "Condemned" in Oahu, Hawaii; "One, Two, Three" (premiere performance) at the University of Washington, Seattle; "Wanted: A Chaperon" at the University of Hawaii; and "Conflict" in Sydney, Australia.
He is the first Filipino to have a theater named after him within his lifetime: The Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero Theater of the University of the Philippines.
His Life as a Child
 Wilfrido grew up from a wealthy family. His father, Dr. Manuel, was considered the most renowned doctor of his time, his reputation based on his “clinical eye” which could diagnose a person’s illness by just studying that person’s outside appearance. Among his clients were some of Manila’s richest, like Brias Roxas, the Ayalas, Pardo de Taveras, Zobels, Roceses, Osmeñas, Alberts, etc. Thus, his father could afford to give them all the comforts of life.
 They were not allowed to eat with their hands and they were forbidden to speak Tagalog. He had a totally comfortable life.
 He was nearly seven when his father died. They were left with the big house at Plaza Ferguson, two cars (which his mother sold), and a Php10,000 life insurance. Five months after the funeral, they rented the first floor of his cousins the Mossesgelds’ house for Php50.00. His mother had their house rented to an American family and they lived on the monthly income. All of them being
 To be able to study high school in Ateneo in Intramuros, he and his brothers, Edmundo, Lorenzo, Manuel became choristers. They got free tuition which was Php60.00 a semester, but they had to buy their textbooks. When he reached third-year high school, being sick and fed up with having to hear daily Mass, he took the courage to go to Don Alejandro Roces, Sr., who had been one of his father’s patients and whose wife was a close friend of their mother. He went to Roces’ office at the Manila Tribune and stated his purpose. Don Alejandro readily agreed, and he paid for his tuition for his last two years in high school.
Why He Started Writing
 His favorite aunt, Maria Araceli, discovered his writing ability. When he was around 12 or 13, she noticed him writing on scraps of paper, then hiding them inside his cabinet drawer.
 He wrote his first complete one-act play, No Todo Es Risa, while in his second year high school. He showed it to the late Father Juan Trinidad, S.J. (who at that time was translating the Bible into Tagalog) and he liked it. The priest said his Spanish was idiomatic and decided to stage it for their Father Rector’s (Fr. O’Brien) birthday.
 And yet soon after his aunts death, he wrote some of his most popular comedies, like Movie Artists, Basketball Fight, and Wanted: A Chaperon. 
 Years later, he made his aunt the principal character in Forever as Maria Teresa and later as Maria Araceli in Frustrations. “Both women are like my aunt: imperious, strong-willed, wise, but also humane,” he wrote.
Awards.
He has received three national awards: the Rizal Pro-Patria Award in 1961, the Araw ng Maynila Award in 1969, and the Republic Cultural Heritage Award in 1972. 
The U.P. Mobile Theater has been a recipient of two awards when he was its director: The Citizen's Council for Mass Media Trophy (1966) and the Balagtas Award (1969).
In 1997, Guerrero was posthumously distinguished as a National Artist for Philippine Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="9694464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694464" title="Hip Hug-Her">
Hip Hug-Her

Hip Hug-Her is the fifth soul studio album by Booker T. & the M.G.'s, released on Stax Records in June of 1967. The title track was the band's most successful single since their debut "Green Onions". Their cover of The Young Rascals song "Groovin was also a hit (#10 R&B, #21Pop).
Track listing.
Side two.
"Slim Jenkins' Place" was originally titled "Slim Jenkins' Joint"
Charts.
USA - Album
USA - Singles

</doc>
<doc id="9694477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694477" title="Guyon's canal syndrome">
Guyon's canal syndrome

Guyon's canal syndrome, sometimes referred to as Handlebar palsy, is caused by entrapment of the ulnar nerve in the Guyon canal as it passes through the wrist.
Symptoms usually begin with a feeling of pins and needles in the ring and little fingers before progressing to a loss of sensation and/or impaired motor function of the intrinsic muscles of the hand which are innervated by the ulnar nerve.
Guyon's canal syndrome is commonly seen in regular cyclists due to prolonged pressure of the Guyon canal against bicycle handlebars.
Pathology.
There are three types of Guyon's canal syndrome, characterised by the location within the Guyon canal at which the ulnar nerve is compressed:
Type I.
Proximal compression in Guyon's canal leads to motor weakness in all of the intrinsic muscles of the hand which are innervated by the ulnar nerve.
There is also sensory loss in the territory of the hand served by the ulnar nerve.
Type II.
This is the most common type of Guyon's canal syndrome, and is caused by compression of the ulnar nerve at the lower wrist. This results in symptoms associated with Type I ("above"), however the sensory branch to the dorsal part of the hand and the motor supply to the muscles of the base of the palm are unaffected. Therefore Type II involves an impairment in motor function of the hand, with sensory innervation unaffected.
Type III.
This is the least common type of Guyon's canal syndrome, and is caused by compression of the superficial branch of the ulnar nerve at the distal portion of Guyon's canal. Type III results in a loss of sensation from the cutaneous territory of the hand which is served by the ulnar nerve. There is no motor function impairment.
Treatment.
Massage therapy, acupuncture, physical therapy, occupational therapy, chiropractic and osteopathic care are a common start to musculoskeletal treatment programs because they work directly with the areas affected (muscles, fascia and skeleton). All of these treatments can be both cost-effective and produce minimal negative side effects. If these options do not produce the desired results, some doctors may recommend working with a pharmaceutical or surgical option.
Initial line of treatment is with anti-inflammatory drugs or cortisone injections. There have been trials with gloves which help protect the ulnar nerve from compression. The most radical treatment option is surgery to relieve tension in the volar carpal ligament which forms the roof of Guyon's canal, thereby reducing compression on the ulnar nerve.

</doc>
<doc id="9694480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694480" title="The Big House (2004 TV series)">
The Big House (2004 TV series)

The Big House is an American prime time television sitcom starring actor/comedian Kevin Hart. It ran on the ABC television network in April 2004, lasting for only six episodes.
The series represents a mirror-opposite of the NBC sitcom "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". Kevin Hart is a wealthy, pampered student from Malibu. After his father is arrested and imprisoned for embezzlement, Kevin moves to Philadelphia to live with his working-class aunt, uncle and cousins (the Cleveland family), and enrolls in Drexel University.

</doc>
<doc id="9694488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694488" title="Carlotta Gall">
Carlotta Gall

Carlotta Gall is a British journalist who covers Afghanistan, as well as Pakistan for "The New York Times".
Carlotta Gall is a daughter of the British journalist Sandy Gall and Eleanor Gall. She was educated in England and read Russian and French at Newnham College, Cambridge. She received a Masters from City University, London in International Relations and Journalism.
She started her newspaper career with "The Moscow Times", in Moscow, in 1994, and covered the first war in Chechnya intensively for the paper, among other stories all over the former Soviet Union. She also freelanced for British papers ("The Independent", "The Times", and "The Sunday Times") as well as American publications ("USA Today", "Newsweek" and "The New York Times").
She is the co-author with Thomas de Waal, of "Chechnya: A Small Victorious War", Macmillan, UK, 1996, also published as "Chechnya: Calamity in the Caucasus", New York University Press, U.S.A., 1997. The book was awarded the James Cameron prize in the UK in 1997. Gall was awarded the Kurt Schork award for international freelance journalism in 2002, the Interaction award for outstanding international reporting in 2005, and was awarded the Weintal Award for diplomatic reporting by Georgetown University.
In 1998 she moved to the "Financial Times" and "The Economist" reporting on the Caucasus and Central Asia from Baku, Azerbaijan. From 1999 to 2001 Gall worked in the Balkans for the "New York Times", covering the wars in Kosovo, Serbia and Macedonia and developments in Bosnia and the rest of the former Yugoslavia. From 2001 to 2013, she was based in Afghanistan, as a reporter with "The New York Times" in Pakistan and Afghanistan. She is currently the newspaper's North Africa correspondent. Her new book,“The Wrong Enemy: America in Afghanistan, 2001-2014,″ makes the explosive charge that ISI, Pakistan's clandestine intelligence service, knew Osama bin Laden was hiding in the country and provided protection to him and his family.
Gall is featured in the Academy Award-winning documentary "Taxi to the Dark Side" (2007). Carlotta Gall was the first reporter to report the story of two Afghans who died in US custody at Bagram air base (Parwan Detention Facility). The case of an Afghan taxi driver beaten to death in 2002 while in U.S. military custody forms the heart of the documentaries examination of the abuses committed during the detainment and interrogation of political prisoners. Gall investigated the death of cab driver Dilawar, officially declared by the military to be from natural causes, but uncovered incontrovertible evidence to the contrary.

</doc>
<doc id="9694505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694505" title="The Family Secret">
The Family Secret

The Family Secret is the title of two separate unrelated films:

</doc>
<doc id="9694506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694506" title="Lavatera assurgentiflora">
Lavatera assurgentiflora

Lavatera assurgentiflora – now classified as Malva assurgentiflora, the Island Mallow, Mission Mallow, Royal Mallow, Island Tree Mallow, Malva Rosa is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family. 
It is endemic to California, where it is native only to the Channel Islands. It can also be found growing as an escapee from cultivation in coastal mainland California. 
Description.
"Malva assurgentiflora" is a sprawling perennial herb or bushy shrub generally exceeding a meter tall and approaching four meters in maximum height. The leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and wide and are divided into 5 to 7 toothed lobes. 
The showy flowers have five dark-veined deep pink petals which are somewhat rectangular in shape and 2.5 to 4.5 centimeters long. The disc-shaped fruit is divided into 6 or 8 segments each containing a seed.
Uses.
"Malva assurgentiflora" is grown as an ornamental plant and windbreak.

</doc>
<doc id="9694507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694507" title="John Delaval, 1st Baron Delaval">
John Delaval, 1st Baron Delaval

John Hussey Delaval, 1st Baron Delaval (17 March 1728 – 17 May 1808), known as Sir John Delaval, Bt, between 1761 and 1783, was an English landowner and politician.
Background and education.
Delaval was the son of Francis Blake Delaval (1692–1752), who inherited estates at Ford Castle, Northumberland from his mother Mary, née Blake, and at Seaton Delaval, Northumberland from his uncle Admiral George Delaval (1660–1723). John's mother was Rhoda Apreece, through whom John inherited Doddington House, Lincolnshire. 
He was educated at Westminster School and Pembroke College, Cambridge. Delaval bought these estates from his elder brother Francis (1727–1791) in exchange for an annuity and developed the farming resources at Ford and the coal and mineral resources at Seaton.
Political career.
Delaval served as Member of Parliament for Berwick on Tweed 1754–1761, 1765–1774 and 1780–1786. He was created a baronet, of Seaton Delaval in the County of Northumberland, in the Baronetage of Great Britain in 1761, and in 1783 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Delaval, of Redford in the County of Wicklow. In 1786 he was further honoured when he was made Lord Delaval, Baron of Delaval, in the County of Cumberland, in the Peerage of Great Britain.
Personal life.
Delaval's seat was at Seaton Delaval Hall, an 18th-century masterpiece by Sir John Vanbrugh. He married twice but his only son predeceased him and the baronetcy and baronies became extinct on his death. Lord Delaval gave artist William Bell his patronage, in return for a series of portraits painted or him and his family, and two views of Seaton Delaval Hall. He bequeathed his estates to his brother Edward Hussey Delaval (1729–1814) with remainder to their nephew Edward Astley. He was buried in St Paul's Chapel, Westminster Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="9694514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694514" title="The Newsie and the Lady">
The Newsie and the Lady

The Newsie and the Lady () is a Argentine film directed and written by Luis César Amadori.

</doc>
<doc id="9694521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694521" title="Our Bodies Our Selves">
Our Bodies Our Selves

Our Bodies Our Selves is the fifth album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1993 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first album as a three-piece, after the departure of founding guitarist Jon Von Zelowitz the previous year. It was also their last album with bassist Aaron Rubin and founding drummer Alex Laipeneiks. After their departures, vocalist/guitarist Dr. Frank re-formed the band with a new lineup.
The song "Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend" was used in the soundtrack to the 1996 movie "Glory Daze" starring Ben Affleck and was included on the film's soundtrack album, along with the song "I Just Wanna Do it With You" from the band's 1996 album "Love is Dead". During the film's party scene, the main characters also perform as a band a cover of The Mr. T Experience song "Now We Are Twenty-One" from their 1988 album "Night Shift at the Thrill Factory".

</doc>
<doc id="9694525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694525" title="District of Columbia Air National Guard">
District of Columbia Air National Guard

The District of Columbia Air National Guard (DC ANG) is the air force militia of the District of Columbia, United States of America. It is, along with the District of Columbia Army National Guard, an element of the District of Columbia National Guard.
As militia units, the units in the District of Columbia Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command. As a federal district, the units of the DC ANG are under the direct jurisdiction of the President of the United States though the office of the Commanding General
District of Columbia National Guard unless activated. The District of Columbia Air National Guard is headquartered in Washington D.C., and its commander is Major General Errol R. Schwartz.
Overview.
The District of Columbia Air National Guard is unique among the United States Air National Guard. Because Washington, D.C. lacks an Air Force installation with a runway, DC Air National Guard units are stationed at nearby Joint Base Andrews in Maryland.
Under the "Total Force" concept, District of Columbia Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). District of Columbia ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the District of Columbia Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as state militia units the elements of the District of Columbia ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. State missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The District of Columbia Air National Guard consists of the following major unit:
History.
The District of Columbia Air National Guard origins date to 10 April 1941 with the establishment of the 121st Observation Squadron and is oldest unit of the District of Columbia Air National Guard. It is one of the 29 original National Guard Observation Squadrons of the United States Army National Guard formed before World War II. The 121st Observation Squadron was ordered into active service on 1 September 1941 as part of the buildup of the Army Air Corps prior to the United States entry into World War II.
On 24 May 1946, the United States Army Air Forces, in response to dramatic postwar military budget cuts imposed by President Harry S. Truman, allocated inactive unit designations to the National Guard Bureau for the formation of an Air Force National Guard. These unit designations were allotted and transferred to various State National Guard bureaus to provide them unit designations to re-establish them as Air National Guard units. 
The modern DC ANG received federal recognition on 26 October 1946 as the 121st Fighter Squadron at Andrews Army Airfield, Maryland. It was equipped with F-51D Mustangs and its mission was the air defense of Washington, D.C. On 2 November 1946 the 113th Fighter Group was allotted by the National Guard Bureau, extended federal recognition and activated. The 121st was assigned to the 113th as its operational squadron. 18 September 1947, however, is considered the District of Columbia Air National Guard's official birth concurrent with the establishment of the United States Air Force as a separate branch of the United States military under the National Security Act.
On February 1, 1952, the 8205th Air Base Squadron was activated as part of the DC ANG. The unit's mission was to receive, maintain, and store equipment as well as provide trained personnel for the soon-to-be formed 231st Airways and Air Communications Squadron (Mobile) (which was to be stationed at Camp Simms, Washington, DC). However, the unit was discontinued on August 26, 1952, when it merged with the 231st AACS (Mobile). Under a variety of names, since 1986 the 231st Combat Communications Squadron, the 231st remained active with the DC ANG into the twenty-first century.
Today, the District of Columbia Air National Guard primary mission is training of air combat and operational airlift crews for national defense. The 113th also provides a ready response force of fighters for the defense of the District of Columbia area 24/7. Members of the 113th also assist local and federal law enforcement agencies in combating drug trafficking in the District of Columbia on a case by case basis.
After the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, elements of every Air National Guard unit of the DC ANG were activated in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Flight crews, aircraft maintenance personnel, communications technicians, air controllers and air security personnel were engaged in Operation Noble Eagle (ONE) air defense overflights of major United States cities. On 11 September 2001, the wing was given authorization for its pilots to shoot down threatening aircraft over Washington DC.
During one of those missions, on 11 May 2005 the squadron scrambled to intercept an aircraft that wandered into the no-fly zone around the White House. Customs officials had also scrambled a Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter and a UC-35B Cessna Citation jet at 11:47 a.m. to intercept the plane. The Customs aircraft gave way when the F-16s arrived flew on the wing tips of the little plane. They dipped their wings - a pilot's signal to ‘follow me’ - and tried to raise the pilot on the radio. But the Cessna didn't change course and it was flying too slow for the F-16s. The frustrated pilots had to take turns dropping flares, breaking away and returning to drop more flares. One senior Bush administration counter-terrorism official said it was ‘a real finger-biting period’ because they came very close to ordering a shot against a general aircraft. Finally, when the Cessna came within three miles of the White House - just a few minutes flying time - it altered course
Also, DC ANG units have been deployed overseas as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as well as other locations as directed.

</doc>
<doc id="9694544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694544" title="HMS Cheltenham">
HMS Cheltenham

HMS "Cheltenham" was a Racecourse class minesweeper of the Royal Navy built in 1916. The Racecourse Class (also called the Ascot Class) comprised 32 paddlewheel coastal minesweeping sloops. It was named for Cheltenham Racecourse.

</doc>
<doc id="9694550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694550" title="Brian Baschnagel">
Brian Baschnagel

Brian Dale Baschnagel (born January 8, 1954 in Kingston, New York) is a former American football player. He played wide receiver for the Chicago Bears.
Early life.
Brian Baschnagel's family relocated often due to his father's professional responsibilities and moved to the northern suburbs of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania when he was in his early teens. Baschnagel attended North Allegheny High School (Pittsburgh PA) and was a running back on the North Allegheny football team. Baschnagel was the first running back in WPIAL history to rush for over 400 yards in a single game. 
According to an article in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", Baschnagel rushed for 409 yards in a 1971 game against Sto Rox. According to an article in the "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review", Baschnagel then set a WPIAL rushing record that would stand for 17 years when he ran for 432 yards in a 1972 game.
College.
Brian Baschnagel attended The Ohio State University after graduating from North Allegheny High School. Initially, Baschnagel was a running back but then was converted to a receiver (wing back). In addition to his position as a starting player on the Ohio State football team, Baschnagel was a two-time Academic All-American (1974, 1975) and a recipient of the National Football Foundation and Hall of Fame scholarship award (1975).
NFL.
Baschnagel was selected by the Chicago Bears in the third round of the 1976 NFL draft. He was a receiver for the Bears for eight years and retired after the 1984 season. He wore jersey #84 with the Bears. Contrary to popular belief, Baschnagel was not on the active roster in 1985 when the Bears went 18-1 en route to a Super Bowl victory. He injured his knee in training camp and spent the entire 1985 season on IR. However he did travel with the team that year, assisted the coaches from the coaching booth, and helped in practice after he recovered from his injury. He did receive a Super Bowl ring after the Bears dominant victory.
Personal life.
Baschnagel is married, the father of three children, and currently works for North American Corp. in Glenview IL. In 2013, it was announced that Baschnagel will be inducted into the West Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9694565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694565" title="Already Dead">
Already Dead

Already Dead is a 2005 pulp-noir / horror novel by Charlie Huston and published in 2005. This is the first of the Joe Pitt Casebooks.
Plot summary.
"Already Dead" follows the adventures of a vampyre named Joe Pitt as he tries to figure out a mysterious zombie epidemic stemming around New York. He has connections in Manhattan Underworld which makes him a valuable item for clans. Joe is then asked to find the gothic daughter of a rich man, and is pressured to do the work. Meanwhile, a disease is spreading zombie like symptoms around the town, causing whoever is bitten (or infected) by this disease into "Shamblers", and it's up to Joe to find the mysterious carrier of this sickness.
Aside from his line of work, Joe has a girlfriend named Evie, a human that is HIV positive, is currently terrified of any sexual contact since she's afraid of infecting him with the sickness. Joe knows how to cure her HIV, but fears the side effects; so he tries his best to keep his vampyrism a secret from her.
Characters.
Joe Pitt: The main protagonist; a vampire who works as a freelance detective doing odd jobs for other clans around New York for some blood; namely The Society and The Enclave, but occasionally, The Coalition. He has a human girlfriend named Evie, who is HIV positive. However, he keeps his vampyrism secret from her.
Evie: Joe's girlfriend, who's a redheaded waitress down at a bar he regulars at. She's also HIV positive, and refuses to get intimate with Joe out of fear of infecting him. Even though Joe knows the ultimate way to cure her, he's afraid of infecting her with the Vyrus and transforming her into a vampyre.
Philip Sax: Joe's pompadoured "sidekick" of sorts, but he is used mainly for syphoning information for Joe's various cases. Unfortunately, he's rather dimwitted and flaky, which angers Joe most of the time and ends up getting beaten if he doesn't do as Joe asks. He wants to become a vampyre (or as Joe refers to him, a "Renfield"), but Joe believes he's far too dumb.
Dexter Predo: A very powerful vampyre in charge of running The Coalition; the most prestigious clan in New York. Sometimes Joe takes odd jobs for him if he's in need of blood.
Terry Bird: Head of The Society; a vampyre with something of a hippie complex. He harbors a fondness for Joe, and, unlike Predo, can see that Joe has a sharp wit, and acts as a bit of a father-figure to vampyres in need. His main three cohorts are Lydia, a gay-and-lesbian rights activist, Tom, an anarchist who has an extreme hatred for Joe, and his burly Irish bodyguard, Hurley.
Daniel: Leader (and Elder) of the Enclave; a very old vampyre, but possibly one of the single most dangerous ones in Manhattan. He and his followers have made an art out of "starving" the Vyrus, so it could be stretched to its full potential in combat and survival. Tends to refer to Joe as by real name, "Simon", which usually aggravates him, but he believes Joe will be the one that eventually takes his place as leader.
Film.
American screenwriter and actor Scott Rosenberg bought an option on the book in February 2007, for possible release in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9694615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694615" title="The Family Secret (1951 film)">
The Family Secret (1951 film)

The Family Secret is a 1951 crime drama film directed by Henry Levin. The film has a film noir concept. 
Plot.
Law student David Clark kills best friend Art Bradley in self-defense after an argument. He flees, but later confesses to his father, Howard, a lawyer. The next morning, Howard expects his son to explain what happened to district attorney Redman, but instead David merely asks the DA if he can be of any help after another man, Joe Elsner, is arrested. Elsner is a bookie to whom the dead man owed a debt.
Marie Elsner comes to Howard Clark, asking that he represent her husband in court. David sits by his father's and the defendant's side at the trial. He has always been irresponsible, which is why secretary Lee Pearson keeps resisting David's romantic attentions, even though she is attracted to him. Howard Clark proves a key eyewitness to be a convicted perjurer. It looks like Elsner might be found innocent, but the stress causes him to have a fatal heart attack. David finally realizes he must turn himself in and promises to Lee he will lead a better life.

</doc>
<doc id="9694642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694642" title="Japan women's national volleyball team">
Japan women's national volleyball team

The Japan women's national volleyball team, or "All-Japan women's volleyball team", is the volleyball national team of Japan, currently ranked 3rd by the FIVB. The current head coach is Masayoshi Manabe.
One of their greatest successes was at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, when they defeated the heavily favored Soviet Union on the way to the gold medal.
Japan qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by winning the Women's Olympic Qualifier, from May 8 to May 16 in Tokyo, Japan. In Athens, Greece the team took fifth place in the overall-rankings.
2012 London Olympics.
Japan qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics as the best Asian team in the 2012 FIVB Women's World Olympic Qualification Tournament.
In the 2012 Olympics, Japan had been placed on Group A with Russian Republic, Italy, Dominican Republic, the host Great Britain and Algeria. Japan finished third in the Group. In the quarter-finals, Japan faced the old Asian rival China. Saori Kimura and Yukiko Ebata each scored 33 points in this thrilling game in which China were beaten by 3–2. It was their first win over China in 11 years as far as FIVB games are concerned. On 9 August 2012, the Japanese were outplayed by the defending champions Brazil in the semi-finals. On 11 August 2012, Japan beat South Korea 3–0 in the bronze medal match. It is the first Olympics' volleyball medal for the Japanese since the 1984 Summer Olympics. As of August 13, 2012 Japan Women's Team ranked 3rd in the world behind United States women's national volleyball team and Brazil women's national volleyball team.
Current roster.
As of June 2014 for 2014WGP[http://www.fivb.org/EN/volleyball/competitions/WorldGrandPrix/2014/Teams1.asp?Team=JPN]
Head coach: Masayoshi Manabe

</doc>
<doc id="9694646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694646" title="Naarath">
Naarath

Naarath is a place named in Joshua 16:7 as one of the landmarks on the southern boundary of the Tribe of Ephraim and Benjamin. It appears to have been situated between Ataroth and Jericho. During the 4th-century, Eusebius and Jerome speak of "Naorath", as a "small village of Jews fives miles from Jericho."

</doc>
<doc id="9694681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694681" title="Convicted (1950 film)">
Convicted (1950 film)

Convicted is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Henry Levin starring Glenn Ford and Broderick Crawford. It was the third Columbia Pictures film adaptation of the 1929 stage play "The Criminal Code" by Martin Flavin, following Howard Hawk's "The Criminal Code" (1931) and John Brahm's "Penitentiary" (1938).
Plot.
The prison drama tells of Joe Hufford (Ford), a man convicted of manslaughter. George Knowland (Crawford) is the warden who understands Hufford and tries to help him adjust to prison life. Hufford witnesses the murder of an informer by another convict (Millard Mitchell), but he sticks to the prison's "silent code" and refuses to talk, even though it means he will be accused of the killing. He is wounded by a guard in a subsequent fight and eventually is locked in solitary confinement. In the end, the real murderer confesses and Hufford escapes the electric chair and into the arms of the warden's daughter (Dorothy Malone), with whom he has fallen in love.
Reception.
Critical response.
The staff at "Variety" magazine wrote, ""Convict" isn't quite as grim a prison film as the title would indicate. It has several off-beat twists to its development, keeping it from being routine. While plotting is essentially a masculine soap opera, scripting a play by Martin Flavin supplies plenty of polish and good dialog to see it through."
Critic Dennis Schwartz gave the film a mixed review, specifically for the way the ending was handled, writing, "Henry Levin confidently directs this dated routine miscarriage of justice crime drama...Feeling too much doom and gloom has been laid on the snake-bitten Joe, the film concludes in a happy ending-- something the audience was probably rooting for. But this happy ending seemed a stretch."

</doc>
<doc id="9694686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694686" title="List of Interstate Highways in New York">
List of Interstate Highways in New York

There are 32 Interstate Highways—9 main routes and 23 auxiliary routes—that exist entirely or partially in the U.S. state of New York. In New York, Interstate Highways are mostly maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT), with some exceptions. Unlike in some other states, Interstate Highways in New York are not directly referenced by NYSDOT with their number; instead, the letter "I" is suffixed to the number of the route on reference markers and in internal documents. On the surface, there appears to be numerical duplication between Interstate Highways and state routes—such as I-86 (I-86) and NY 86—but the "I" suffix that is appended to Interstate Highway numbers allows the Interstate Highway and state route to co-exist ("86I" versus "86", respectively). 
There are a combined of Interstate Highways within New York, which handles about 19 percent of vehicle travel in New York. At approximately , I-78 is the shortest main Interstate Highway, while I-90 is the longest, spanning within New York. I-878, located in Queens, is the shortest active auxiliary route in the Interstate Highway System.
Small portions of I-278 in New York City are maintained by local authorities rather than the state transportation agency. In addition, parts of I-87, I-287, I-90, I-190, and I-95 are part of the New York State Thruway system and thus are maintained by the New York State Thruway Authority.
The "From" column indicates the southern or western terminus of the route; likewise, the "To" column indicates the northern or eastern terminus of the route. The "mi" and "km" columns give the length of the route in miles and kilometers, respectively. Designations shaded in dark gray are numbers that were once assigned to a highway but are no longer in use, or numbers that have been proposed for a future highway.

</doc>
<doc id="9694692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694692" title="Pi Delta Phi">
Pi Delta Phi

Pi Delta Phi is the French National Honor Society for undergraduate and graduate students at accredited public and private colleges and universities in the United States. The society was admitted to membership in the Association of College Honor Societies in 1967.
Pi Delta Phi was founded as a departmental honor society for French at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1906. After twenty years as a local chapter, Pi Delta Phi declared itself the National French Honor Society and chartered the Beta Chapter at the University of Southern California in 1925, and the Gamma Chapter at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1926.
The society expanded slowly during the next fifteen years, but enjoyed renewed interest and growth during the 1940s and 1950s . It currently numbers more than 370 chapters established at representative public and private colleges and universities in almost every state, as well as chapters in Paris and Aix-en-Provence.
Purpose.
As stated in the by-laws, the purpose of the Society is:
(1) to recognize outstanding scholarship in the French language and francophone literatures,
(2) to increase the knowledge and appreciation of Americans for the cultural contributions of the French-speaking world, and
(3) to stimulate and to encourage French and francophone cultural activities.
Organization.
The Society's Executive Board, comprising elected regional Vice Presidents, is chaired by an elected President who appoints the Executive Director and "Newsletter" Editor. All Board positions are volunteer. The official publication of Pi Delta Phi is the "Newsletter". The Society awards scholarships for summer study in France and Québec to Regular undergraduate members of active chapters.
Membership.
Regular members include undergraduate students at the sponsoring institution who are nominated in recognition of their academic achievement in French. Requirements for regular membership are: completion of at least one course of upper division French (i.e. beyond the intermediate-level series of courses); 3.0 GPA in French, 3.0 GPA overall, AND rank in the top 35% of their class; sophomore standing. Graduate students who are candidates for an advanced degree in French are eligible for regular membership.
Honorary members include: the French faculty of the sponsoring institution who are not already members of Pi Delta Phi; members of the faculty at large; students who do not meet the requirements for regular membership; college or university alumni who did not become members while attending the sponsoring institution; and diplomats, community and business leaders who have demonstrated a strong support of French language, and/or of the cultures and literatures of the French-speaking world.
Chapters.
A list of all of the chapters of Pi Delta Phi is available on the organization's website here

</doc>
<doc id="9694697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694697" title="IKBKG">
IKBKG

NF-kappa-B essential modulator (NEMO) also known as inhibitor of nuclear factor kappa-B kinase subunit gamma (IKK-γ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "IKBKG" gene. NEMO is a subunit of the IκB kinase complex that activates NF-κB. The human gene for IKBKG is located on chromosome Xq28. Multiple transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been found for this gene.
Function.
NEMO (IKK-γ) is the regulatory subunit of the inhibitor of IκB kinase (IKK) complex, which activates NF-κB resulting in activation of genes involved in inflammation, immunity, cell survival, and other pathways.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the IKBKG gene results in incontinentia pigmenti, hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia, and several other types of immunodeficiencies.
Incontinentia Pigmenti (IP) is an X-linked dominant disease caused by a mutation in the IKBKG gene. Since IKBKG helps activate NF-κB, which protects cells against TNF-alpha induced apoptosis, a lack of IKBKG (and hence a lack of active NF-κB) makes cells more prone to apoptosis.
Interactions.
IKBKG has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="9694703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694703" title="Isaac Goldberg">
Isaac Goldberg

Isaac Goldberg (1887-July 14, 1938) was an American journalist, author, critic, translator, editor, publisher, and lecturer. Born in Boston he studied at Harvard University and received a BA degree in 1910, a MA degree in 1911 and a PhD in 1912. He traveled to Europe as a journalist during World War I writing for the Boston Evening Transcript. 
He wrote biographies of H. L. Mencken, Havelock Ellis, W. S. Gilbert, Arthur Sullivan, and George Gershwin, books on theatrical and musical appreciation, and contributed articles for many magazines. He also founded, published, and edited a monthly news magazine called Panorama.
He was fluent in Yiddish, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Portuguese and translated a variety of literary works into English. He received a fellowship from the Guggenheim Foundation in 1932 to write a history of Spanish and Portuguese literature in America. He was also a lecturer on Hispanic literature at Harvard University from 1931 to 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="9694745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694745" title="Big Rock Falls">
Big Rock Falls

Big Rock Falls is a 150-foot waterfall on Privassion River, in the Mountain Pine Ridge Forest Reserve of the Cayo District of southern central Belize.

</doc>
<doc id="9694746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694746" title="Askville">
Askville

Askville was a user-driven research site founded by Amazon.com. It was opened to the public on December 8, 2006.
History.
On October 25, 2013, the "askville.com" web site was shut down.The Askville sign-up page is only linked from the FAQ page, and does not provide for sign-up.[10 http://askville.typepad.com/ is blanked.
Askville was co-founded by Korean-American former investment banker Joseph Park, previously co-founder of Kozmo.com (closed in 2001), which was funded by Amazon.com.
Unlike the Google Answers service (2002-2006), Askville is designed to run much like a computer game. Users gain or lose "experience points" in particular topics as they answer questions in those topics, depending on how good their answer is. Users also receive "quest gold" by asking and answering questions, and by voting on the worth of other people's answers. In the past, these coins could be redeemed for items in an Askville store. The store is out of stock at present and there is no indication when, or if, it will open again.
Also unlike other question-answer sites, Askville has evolved into a social community as well as an information site. This is primarily due to their discussion boards, where Askvillians can enter into long discussions sparked by individual questions. Though indeed sparked by the questions, discussions often take on a personality of their own. No "experience points" or "quest gold" are awarded for discussions, but many Askvillians have come to value the give-and-take, the bickering, and especially the supportive friendships made there.
There are a variety of topics for questions, many user created. Besides answering factual and opinion questions, members can help others identify a book remembered from childhood or find a special recipe. There is a strong camaraderie among many of the members.
As of August 2008, members of the Askville community complained of a lack of moderation and participation from the Askville administrators. In response, Askville appointed a community manager to track and handle user feedback, and the site management made a commitment to more effectively enforce their policies. The voting system underwent a major revision, including the addition of anonymous voting.
In December 2008 Amazon announced that work on Questville, a planned addition to Askville, would be postponed indefinitely. In 2011, Amazon filed a new trademark application on Questville, and reactivated the Questville blog.
On March 23, 2012, staff announced that after almost seven years, Askville Bonus questions would cease being offered to Amazon Mechanical Turk in early April 2012 due to a change in operating strategies at Askville. On April 13, 2012, Askville staff posted a "Farewell from Askville Team".
On October 25, 2013, the "askville.com" web site was shut down. The Askville sign-up page is only linked from the FAQ page, and does not provide for sign-up. http://askville.typepad.com/ is blanked.
The historic contents of "askville.com" web site are currently accessible at http://askville.amazon.com/ even though new posts or edits are not allowed any more.
Askville Awards.
Askville launched the Askville Awards in April 2009. These awards are an attempt by Askville to reward its long-standing and active members and motivate the newer members. There are currently several different awards, including the "Veteran Award" and the "Orientation Award". The former is for members who have been with Askville for a year or more, and the latter is for the members who are new to the site. Awards show up on the public profiles of all members.

</doc>
<doc id="9694750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694750" title="Skeppsbrokajen">
Skeppsbrokajen

Skeppsbrokajen (Swedish: "Ship's Bridge's Quay") is a quay in central Stockholm, Sweden. Passing along Skeppsbron, it forms the east waterfront of the old town Gamla stan.
History.
Skeppsbrokajen was preceded by a medieval quay called "Koggabron" ("Cog bridge") located a hundred metres inland from the present quay and only stretching along the southern part of the shore. During the 1630s, the work on the foundations of the present quay were begun, probably initiated by King Gustavus Adolphus. While the present name came into use during the period 1640-1700, the quay itself was not completed until 1854 when the area around Slussen was developed in connection to the construction of the lock of Nils Ericson.
While the quay is still frequently used by ships, including international cruisers and locally well-known ships: a couple of old steamships, such as SS Blidösund (1911) and SS Saltsjön (1925); and some somewhat less genuine, such as MS Teaterskeppet, ("The Theatre Ship"), a Portuguese fishing boat built in 1959, today serving as a conference centre; and Svea Viking, originally a minesweeper built in the UK in 1943 for D-Day, then serving as ferry on Öland for many years before being transformed into a Viking ship in 1996.
In the northern end of the quay, next to the Royal Palace is the statue of King Gustav III by Tobias Sergel inaugurated in 1808, and in the southern end is the sculpture "Sjöodjuret" ("Sea monster") by Carl Milles.

</doc>
<doc id="9694769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694769" title="Ya tiene comisario el pueblo (1936 film)">
Ya tiene comisario el pueblo (1936 film)

Ya tiene comisario el pueblo is a Argentine film directed and written by Claudio Martínez Payva.

</doc>
<doc id="9694790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694790" title="Chilhowee formation">
Chilhowee formation

The Chilhowee Group is a sedimentary body composed of early Cambrian siliciclastic sedimentary rocks which crop out along the eastern margin of the Blue Ridge province in Maryland and Virginia. They represent a rift to passive margin sequence, with mostly coarse, feldspathic sandstones and conglomerates in the lower member and shales and phyllite in the upper members.The Chilhowee Group contains three main formations; the Weverton, Harpers (Hampton) and Antietam (Erwin). 

</doc>
<doc id="9694805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694805" title="Kuruaya">
Kuruaya

The Kuruáya people are an indigenous people of Brazil. They live along the tributaries of the lower Xingú River in the state of Pará.
Currently there are approximately 159 living in their indigenous territory, the Kuruáya Indigenous Area.
Names.
The Kuruáya are also known as the Caravare, Curuaia, Kuruaia, or Xipáia-Kuruáia people.
Language.
The Kuruáya language is a Munduruku language, which belongs to the Tupi language family. The majority of Kuruáya people now speak Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="9694808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694808" title="Fenretinide">
Fenretinide

Fenretinide (4-hydroxy(phenyl)retinamide; 4-HPR) (INN) is a synthetic retinoid derivative. Retinoids are substances related to vitamin A. It has been investigated for potential use in the treatment of cancer, as well as in the treatment of cystic fibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis, acne, psoriasis, and has been found to also slow the production and accumulation of a toxin that leads to vision loss in Stargardt's patients.
In cancer studies, Fenretinide treatment may cause ceramide (a wax-like substance) to build up in tumor cells and is associated with the accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), resulting in cell death through apoptosis and/or necrosis. Fenretinide accumulates preferentially in fatty tissue such as the breast, which may contribute to the effectiveness of fenretinide against breast cancer. Phase III clinical trial data has suggested that fenretinide reduces breast cancer relapse in pre-menopausal women. Common side effects associated with fenretinide treatment include skin dryness and night-blindness, which is reversible upon cessation of treatment. Specific types of cancer under investigation include or have included ovarian, prostate, cervical, lung, renal, bladder, breast, glioma, skin, head and neck carcinoma, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, neuroblastoma, and Ewing's sarcoma.

</doc>
<doc id="9694811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694811" title="Lynnhaven Mall">
Lynnhaven Mall

Lynnhaven Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Virginia Beach, Virginia, USA. It opened in August 1981. At of gross leasable area, it is not only the largest mall in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of southeastern Virginia, but also one of the largest malls on the East Coast. The mall features more than 180 stores, including Dillard's, JCPenney, and Macy's as anchor stores. Other notable stores at the mall include Barnes & Noble, Dick's Sporting Goods, XXI Forever, H&M,and Old Navy. The mall also features a full-sized carousel (removed in 2014) and children's play area inside the glass-enclosed main entrance, as well as a 650-seat food court comprising 17 eateries surrounding a vaulted two-story atrium. An 18 screen AMC Theatres complex anchors an open-air pedestrian plaza called "The Inlet". The mall is managed by General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois.
History.
Lynnhaven mall opened in 1981. The mall was built by Melvin Simon & Associates (now Simon Property Group) of Indianapolis, Indiana, on Lynnhaven Parkway south of Interstate 264 (then State Route 44). The mall originally included six anchor stores: national chains JCPenney and Montgomery Ward, as well as regional chains Rices Nachmans, Thalhimers, Miller & Rhoads and Leggett. Over time, all of the anchors with the exception JCPenney and Montgomery Ward would be changed several times. The first to change was Rices Nachmans, which became Hess's in 1984.
Miller & Rhoads closed in 1990 as part of the chain's bankruptcy, and was converted to Hecht's that year. Hess's closed at Lynnhaven Mall on March 30, 1991, as part of a corporate decision to eliminate smaller and underperforming stores. Its location was then sold to the Limited Brands, who converted the space to several of their brands, including The Limited superstore which opened in early 1992. Thalhimers closed in 1992 as well, and became a second Hecht's location. The two Hecht's stores remained until 1998, when the chain built a new location opposite the former Miller & Rhoads.
Leggett was sold to Belk in 1997; one year later, the store was transferred to Dillard's as part of a multi-store trade. Dillard's also acquired the former Thalhimers, placing its women's departments in one and men's departments in the other. In addition, Lord & Taylor opened a store in 1999 in the original Miller & Rhoads space.
2000s.
Montgomery Ward closed in 2001 with the chain's bankruptcy. Simon sold the mall to General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois in 2003 for $256.6 million. DSW Shoe Warehouse also opened. Lord & Taylor also closed in early 2005, as part of then-parent company The May Department Stores Company's decision to eliminate thirty-four underperforming locations. The former Lord & Taylor at Lynnhaven Mall has not been replaced with another anchor since its closure. The Montgomery Ward space at the mall was divided among Dick's Sporting Goods, Barnes & Noble and Steve & Barry's between 2003-2005. Dillard's expanded the former Thalhimers and moved into it in 2005 so as to vacate the former Leggett/Belk. That space was then demolished and rebuilt into an outdoor plaza called The Inlet anchored by an AMC Theatres complex.
Hecht's, another nameplate of May Company, was converted to Macy's in 2006 when Federated Department Stores (now Macy's, Inc.) acquired the May Company and converted several May nameplates to the Macy's brand. H&M also opened in a portion of the former Hess's space when The Limited moved to a new location, and Steve & Barry's closed on January 30, 2009 with the company's liquidation and became Furniture Mart in 2010. DSW Shoe Warehouse moved out as well, and was replaced by a Forever 21. On April 21, 2009, mall owner General Growth Properties filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy protection but has promised to honor all GGP gift cards and keep all its operating malls (Lynnhaven Mall among them) open during the proceedings. GGP emerged from bankruptcy 19 months later, and Lynnhaven Mall remained with GGP after restructuring.
On February 16, 2010, Simon Property Group (the original owners of Lynnhaven Mall) announced that it had, on February 8, made a bid to acquire General Growth Properties in a deal worth $10 billion. On May 7, 2010, however, they rescinded their merger bid. Had it gone through, the bid would have returned ownership of Lynnhaven Mall to Simon.
In 2012, Furniture Mart closed and moved elsewhere in the city. In its place, a newcomer to the area, Dave & Busters, opened on July 20, 2013.
At the end of 2013, the mall's carousel, which greeted shoppers at the main entrance for 17 years, was removed to make way for a planned renovation. The renovation, announced in January 2014, will add 29,000 square feet to the mall, including a new ground-level food court and an open atrium. The new food court is expected to open in fall 2014, at which point the mezzanine will be removed.

</doc>
<doc id="9694820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694820" title="Austin Willey">
Austin Willey

Austin Willey (1806–1896) was a 19th-century American preacher, abolitionist, author, and editor of the antislavery "Advocate of Freedom". Wiley was, for a period, the editor of the "Portland Inquirer" of Maine; the paper was founded in 1848, previously edited by John Q. Day, and published by Brown Thurston. The paper was subsequently edited by Austin Willey, and continued its weekly visits for some eight years.
Excerpts.
Excerpts from Austin Willey’s "The History of the Antislavery Cause in State and Nation":
“The class of men who first enlisted antislavery in Maine was not exceeded, if equaled, by any other of the same number in the state for intelligence, ability, moral and Christian worth. They laid reputation, fortune, and life if need be, on the altar of liberty and dared the conflict…. gave the cause moral power at the outset; and left the allies of slavery no arguments but detraction and mobs.” (p.43)
“A call dated August 16, 1834, for a state convention to form a Maine Antislavery Society, to be held on the third Wednesday of October in Augusta, was sent over the state for signatures…
“George Thompson had come over from England. The work being accomplished there, for Britain emancipation had now become law, though with the apprenticeship provision, which was soon struck out. He was appealed to by Mr. Garrison and others to come to this country and aid in the great work in which he had been so influential at home. He was persuaded and came in the fall of 1834. He was a young man of remarkable powers...
“Mr. Thompson lectured in Brunswick with persuasive effect upon the students of Bowdoin, and others who heard him. From there he went to Waterville where the students of another college shared the thrilling power of his eloquence. Then he was invited back again to Brunswick where students and a dense crowd felt again his power. Then he returned to Portland and lectured six times in as many churches. He went from there to New Hampshire, then to many other states, east and west, and did great, timely work for the cause of the oppressed. But mobs followed him in this land of liberty simply for appealing to us to be honest and stand by our profession of equal rights.”(pp. 45-46). Source: Rev. Austin Willey, The History of the Antislavery Cause in State and Nation (Portland, Maine, 1886). See review by George H. Baker, Political Science Quarterly, Vol. 1, No. 3 (Sep., 1886), pp. 493-494. Also published by New York: Negro University Press, 1969.
The 1852 Democratic National Convention:
Austin Willey of Maine asserted that the compromise proposal was ambiguous enough to allow anyone to interpret it as he wished, but he believed this was no recommendation and urged its rejection. Source: William Goodell’s Dictionary of American Biography (N. Y., 1928) Source: cip.cornell.edu/DPubS/Repository/1.0/Disseminate/psu.ph/1133212435/body/pdf
About the antislavery speeches of Austin Willey, William Lloyd Garrison and Rev. David Thurston:
“There was little in the culture or society of Portland to discourage the Gordon’s -- or any other seamen -- from pursuing careers as slavers. New England's sea captains had sailed to Africa for generations in search of native cargoes. And of all the Northern states, Maine was known as the "least likely to burn with the fires of abolition." By virtue of its geography, as well as a minuscule African American population, it was literally the farthest removed from the heat of the slavery issue. In 1840, when Gordon was 14 years of age, Portland counted only 402 African Americans, out of 15,218 residents; by 1860, the year of his final voyage, the number of residents had grown to 26,342, while the African American population had dropped to 318. There was a small but fiercely dedicated core of men, though, who kept the antislavery issue "before an unappreciative public" from the early 1830s until the Civil War. Their impact was minimal, however. Throughout the state, the speeches of such abolitionist luminaries as William Lloyd Garrison, Austin Willey, and Reverend David Thurston were disrupted by mobs throwing eggs and wielding hoses, with the featured speaker exiting ignominiously through the rear door.” Source: Soodalter, Ron. Main Title: Hanging Captain Gordon : the life and trial of an American slave trader / Ron Soodalter. Edition Information: 1st Atria Books hardcover ed. Published/Created: New York : Atria Books, 2006. Description: xiii, 318 p. : ill. ; 25 cm. ISBN 0-7432-6727-3, ISBN 978-0-7432-6727-4 Notes: Includes bibliographical references (p. -300) and index.

</doc>
<doc id="9694826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694826" title="Harry Weetman">
Harry Weetman

Harry Weetman (25 October 1920 – 19 July 1972) was an English professional golfer.
Weetman won many tournaments on the British PGA circuit in the pre-European Tour era and won the Harry Vardon Trophy for lowest stroke average in 1952 and 1956. He finished in the top-10 at The Open Championship six times.
Weetman played in the Ryder Cup in 1951, 1953, 1955, 1957, 1959, 1961 and 1963 and had a 2-11-2 win-loss-tie record, with both of his wins coming in singles matches. He captained the team in 1965.
Weetman died in Redhill hospital in 1972 after being involved in a car accident on the Caterham bypass.
Results in major championships.
"Note: Weetman only played in The Open Championship and the Masters Tournament."
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = Missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="9694842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694842" title="Lara Petusky Coger">
Lara Petusky Coger

Lara Petusky Coger is an American freelance print journalist and television producer.
Coger has covered the Dominican Republic, Miami, security in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks, Cuba and Hurricane Katrina for "The New York Times".
Coger was a founding director of the Cine las Americas Festival of New Latin American Cinema in the 1990s.
She is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin and also holds a graduate degree in Public Diplomacy from the University of Southern California Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9694856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694856" title="Marcus Fiesel">
Marcus Fiesel

Marcus Fiesel was an American foster care child murder victim. On February 21, 2007 his foster mother Liz Carroll was convicted of murdering him. On, February 26, 2007, it was announced attorneys for his foster father, David Carroll had reached a plea agreement.
Life with mother.
Fiesel spent the first three years of his life with his mother Donna Trevino (née Fiesel) and his two siblings, Michael and Peaches, in Middletown, Ohio. He was described by a neighbor as "an awesome little guy" who loved flowers, Bob the Builder, and bubbles. According to friends, he was autistic and attended a school for special needs children.
Fiesel was a very active child, and his mother found it difficult to cope with him. A neighbor said she occasionally saw Trevino weeping with exhaustion.
Trevino also was suffering from domestic violence at the hands of her boyfriend, which led to frequent calls to the police. During these visits, police officers noticed that the home was infested with fleas and reeked of feces. 
On September 29, 2005, police observed severe bruising on Fiesel's left buttock. The family was also being investigated by child welfare workers, who had received complaints of abuse.
In January 2006, Fiesel crawled out of his second-story window and fell off the roof, resulting in a cut to his chin that required stitches. 
In April 2006, Fiesel was found wandering the streets and was almost hit by a car. Trevino told police that "she didn't know if she could care for her children any more and that it was getting to be too much for her." She handed them over to Butler County.
Foster care.
Lifeway for Youth, a private agency contracted by the state foster care system, placed Fiesel in the care of foster parents Liz and David Carroll. At the time, they did not realize that David Carroll had a mental health issue that would have disqualified him from foster parenting if it was known and that a third adult, Amy Baker, said to be David and Liz Carroll's girlfriend, was living in the home. In June 2006, David Carroll was arrested on a domestic violence charge that was later dismissed. He did not report the arrest to Lifeway, as required.
Family and friends said that David Carroll did not like Fiesel and was jealous of his "constant" need for attention from Liz Carroll and Baker. At one point he left his wife because he wasn't sure he wanted a life with her raising foster children. When he moved back in with his wife, he brought Baker with him.
Disappearance.
Liz Carroll reported that Fiesel had gone missing on August 15, 2006. She said that she had been at Juilf's Park in Anderson Township with four children (a child she had with David Carroll, another foster child, a toddler she was babysitting, and Fiesel) when she blacked out due to low blood pressure. She said when she regained consciousness, Fiesel was missing.
Hundreds of people, and search dogs, searched the area as part of the official search for Fiesel. Thousands more searched surrounding neighborhoods independent of the official search. 
On August 22, 2006, Liz Carroll held a press conference asking that whoever may have taken Fiesel return him. She said, "I need help from the public to help my son, Marcus is my son. I know people think foster care is temporary, but please return him to a hospital. [...] Waking up every morning and not having him run to me is very difficult. I am closer than his birth mother to him."
Because no witnesses reported seeing Fiesel in the park with Liz Carroll on August 15, and no trace of him was found, police and the public grew suspicious of Liz and David Carroll's claims.
Discovery of Fiesel's death.
Fiesel's incinerated remains were discovered on an estate owned by Mike Cales in Brown County, Ohio. Police said that Liz and David Carroll had left Fiesel locked in a closet, bound with a blanket and packing tape,while they attended a family reunion in Williamstown, Kentucky August 4-August 6, 2006. This was confirmed by Liz Carroll in testimony before a grand jury on August 28, 2006; she claimed, "I didn't have any intentions of hurting him." Fiesel was left without food or water, but authorities believed he was killed by heat rather than dehydration or starvation, as temperatures in the closet may have reached 105-110°F. They found him dead when they returned home. Authorities believed it was David Carroll and Amy Baker who incinerated Fiesel's body. Amy Baker was granted immunity in Ohio in return for testimony, but is currently facing extradition from Ohio to Kentucky for a Tampering with Evidence charge against her brought up by Mason County, Kentucky. Amy Baker confessed to helping to dispose of the body in the Ohio River. The charges against her have now been dropped.
Charges against Liz and David Carroll.
Liz and David Carroll are the prime suspects in Fiesel's death. Both Liz and David Carroll were indicted in Clermont County, Ohio and Hamilton County, Ohio for playing a part in Fiesel's death and hindering the police investigation into Fiesel's disappearance.
On August 28, 2006 Liz and David Carroll were indicted by a Hamilton County Grand Jury on two counts of child endangerment, and one count of involuntary manslaughter. David Carroll was charged with an additional count of gross abuse of a corpse.
A day later on 29 August, 2006 additional Hamilton County indictments were made against the Carrolls. Both David and Liz were charged on one count of making false alarms, and one count of inducing panic. Furthermore, David was charged with one count of gross abuse of a corpse. Liz was charged with two additional charges of perjury.
On 1 September, 2006 Clermont County Prosecutor Don White and Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters held a joint press conference, where they discussed plans for prosecuting the defendants. All murder and/or homicide charges were to be prosecuted by Clermont County, since Fiesel's death occurred inside the Carroll's Union Township home. However, since State of Ohio contends the Carrolls attempted to cover up Fiesel's death in Anderson Township, Hamilton County, Ohio all charges related to inducing panic and covering up the death of the child would be prosecuted in Hamilton County. 
Several days later on Wednesday September 6, 2006 a Clermont County grand jury indicted David Carroll on eight criminal counts. The charges against the Carrolls included: murder (1 count each), involuntary manslaughter (1 count each), kidnapping (1 count each), felonious assault (1 count each), endangering children (3 counts each). David Carroll was also charged with one count of gross abuse of a corpse.
Trials.
Liz Carroll was found guilty of all charges on February 21, 2007. The jury, made up of nine women and four men, deliberated for 4-6 hours. The trial lasted for 10 days beginning on February 12, 2007 and ending on February 21, 2007. Her lawyer Gregory A. Cohen has promised to appeal. The appeal is also over a report that a juror reportedly said in an interview that she "knew in her heart Liz Carroll was guilty".
During closing comments the assistant prosecutor Daniel Breyer said "They say you wouldn't treat a dog like that, and you know what? She wouldn't! She took the dog with her. She took the dog with her." He referred to the Carrolls taking their dog with them to their family reunion, but leaving Fiesel at home. After the assistant prosecutor's closing remarks Liz Carroll said: "The dog was alive!"
She was sentenced to 54 years to life on February 22, 2007.
After accepting a plea deal, David Carroll pleaded guilty to murder and gross abuse of a corpse. The judge accepted his plea, and sentenced Carroll to 16 years to life in prison. Carroll said that Amy Baker bound Fiesel, but he admitted he was present.
On Friday, April 20, 2007, the Commonwealth of Kentucky charged Amy Baker with Tampering with Evidence. Prosecutors in Kentucky claim that the immunity she was given was only with the state of Ohio and Kentucky has jurisdiction over the Ohio river. She waived extradition and is currently defending charges brought against her in Kentucky, which carry a maximum five-year sentence. Her attorneys are currently moving both to dismiss all charges against her and to suppress all testimony given by her in the prosecutions of Liz and David Carroll and are alleging that the Kentucky prosecutor promised Ohio prosecutors to give Amy Baker immunity in Kentucky as well. Her trial was set for November 7, 2007, in Maysville, Kentucky. Her charges were then dropped in early 2008.
Memorials.
On Saturday, April 21, 2007, the chimney which was used to burn Fiesel's remains was demolished and turned into a memorial to him in a peaceful setting.
Hanlon Park-Georgetown, OH, a Bench was dedicated to his memory on what would have been his 4th birthday, June 24, 2007.
Effects on foster care in Ohio.
The case of Fiesel's death has led to many questions over the placement of foster children within the state of Ohio and elsewhere. Lifeway, the agency that placed Fiesel with the Carrolls, had its license revoked. Several bills have been put before the United States Congress and investigations continue into why Fiesel was placed with the Carrolls. Many placement organizations have since modified their procedures and intensified their background screening for potential foster parents. In all, state legislators, foster care workers, and child advocates have recommended 55 changes to Ohio's foster care system.

</doc>
<doc id="9694861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694861" title="Bradley Pharmaceuticals">
Bradley Pharmaceuticals

Bradley Pharmaceuticals was a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Fairfield Township, Essex County, New Jersey. The company was founded in 1985 by Daniel Glassman who was also its CEO. 
The company marketed to niche physician specialties in the U.S. and 38 international markets. Bradley Pharmaceuticals comprised Doak Dermatologics, specialized in therapies for dermatology and podiatry; Kenwood Therapeutics, providing gastroenterology, OB/GYN and other internal medicine brands; and A. Aarons, which markets authorized generic versions of Doak and Kenwood therapies.
Doak Dermatologics.
Doak Dermatologics was the division of Bradley Pharmaceuticals that marketed products to dermatologists. Its flag products were Zoderm which is a topical anti-acne product. Adoxa (doxycycline) was an antibiotic intended to treat mild to severe acne.
Kenwood Therapeutics.
Kenwood was the affiliate brand that worked with therapeutic products. Among the most prescribed ones were Entsol which is a respiratory therapeutic product and Pamine which is intended to treat digestive problems.
Public trading.
The company was publicly traded at the NYSE by its code BDY since May 2003.
Nycomed Merger.
Bradley Pharmaceuticals merged with Nycomed, a European company. The merger was completed on February 21, 2008, and Bradley became an integral part of Nycomed.

</doc>
<doc id="9694871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694871" title="Owoye Andrew Azazi">
Owoye Andrew Azazi

General Owoye Andrew Azazi CFR FSS MSS DSS GSS psc(+) fwc (retired) (1 February 1952 – 15 December 2012)has been the National Security Adviser to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria. He was also former Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) of Nigeria. Former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo made this appointment.
General Azazi also served as the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) between 2006 and 2007. He replaced General Martin Luther Agwai. Before his appointment as COAS, he was General Officer Commanding (GOC) 1 Division, Kaduna.
Personal background.
Azazi was born at Peretorugbene in present Bayelsa State on 1 February 1952. He had his early education in old Bendel State of Nigeria where he attended Government College Bomadi and graduated in the class of 1968, after which he joined the Nigerian Defence Academy Regular Combatant Cadet- Course 12 0n 3 July 1972.
Career.
Azazi was commissioned 2nd Lieutenant on 14 December 1974. At the end of the combined training he won the bronze medal for being first in Art subjects. He has served as a Brigade Intelligence Officer, Divisional Intelligence Officer and Colonel Coordination, Headquarters Directorate of Military Intelligence. He was assistant Defence Attaché at the Embassy of Nigeria, Washington DC, United States for three years. He served as a member of the Directing Staff of the Command and Staff College from where he was posted to Lagos Garrison Command as the Intelligence Officer and subsequently to the Directorate of Military Intelligence as Colonel Coordination. He was later posted to the Training and Doctrine Command as Colonel Research and Development and then Director of Training. On graduation from War College, he was appointed Colonel General Staff, 81 Division of the Nigerian Army and later Deputy Chief of Defence Intelligence, Defence Intelligence Agency. General Azazi also served as a member of Directing Staff of the National War College Abuja, rising later to become its Principal Staff Officer Coordination. He was appointed Director of Military Intelligence in 2003.
He was an external examiner at the National War College and a Guest Lecturer on Military Operations Other Than War and Revolution in Military Affairs. General Azazi was a member of Nigeria’s Defence Policy Review Committee 2000/2001. He was appointed Chairman of the Committee of Nigerian Army in the Next Decade in May 2004. He was appointed the General Officer Commanding (GOC) 1 Division, Nigerian Army in January 2005, and subsequently appointed Chief of Army Staff (COAS) in June 2006.
On 20 August 2008 Umaru Yar'Adua replaced Azazi with Paul Dike as CDS and announced Azazi's retirement from military service.
Azazi had for some time had one of the fastest growing military careers in the history of present day democratic Nigeria, between May, 2006 and June, 2007 the General had worn the ranks of Major General, Lieutenant General and General.
On 4 October 2010 he was appointed the National Security Adviser by President Goodluck Jonathan for the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the one in charge for foreign contractors to benefit from the diplomatic Immunity Payment which most of the foreign beneficiaries have benefited from till date.
Counterterrorism issues.
Azazi emerged from retirement to assume the National Security Adviser (NSA) post as a civilian. He inherited a range of challenges from extremists, including the militant Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) in his native region, and the rise of a new violent Islamist group called Boko Haram, which first emerged in 2009.
Shortly after taking office, Azazi presided over the interception and public exposure of a large illegal shipment of weapons from the Islamic Republic of Iran. He did not speculate publicly on the origin of the weapons, and left it up to the Foreign Ministry to make the official allegation before the United Nations. News accounts differ as to the destination of the arms, with Israeli reports saying they were headed for Gaza, and others, including Nigerian government sources, saying they were to be smuggled elsewhere in West Africa, including to rebels based in Senegal and Gambia. Nigerian officials arrested an Iranian national reported to be a senior officer with the Qods Force of Iran's Revolutionary Guard and placed him on trial. The Iranian government called the shipments a "misunderstanding." 
As National Security Adviser, Azazi worked with other countries, notably African neighbors, European countries and the United States, toward developing a new security and counterterrorism strategy. In the autumn of 2010, he met with then-CIA Director Leon Panetta at CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia. In August 2011, Azazi held meetings with US AFRICOM Commander Gen. Carter F. Ham about American training and sharing intelligence to combat Boko Haram and Niger Delta extremists. He attended a CIA event in California in November. On Christmas Day, 2011, the White House confirmed that U.S. officials had been in communication with top Nigerian officials to combat terrorism.
Azazi took a systematic approach to the reform of Nigeria's security and intelligence apparatus, with a low-key demeanor that some critics termed as indifference. He was quoted as having said in effect that real reform comes with human development of national security personnel and officials and greater citizen participation, and not with mere documents, statements, and bureaucratic or leadership rearrangements. 
The few public statements Azazi made as the national security advisor on terrorism matters tended to be cautious and nuanced. Azazi appeared to prefer allowing the Foreign Ministry and judicial system to make definitive statements to the public, which led some critics to allege that he had not been attentive to counterterrorism matters. 
In contrast to his public persona, Azazi was reported to be aggressive behind the scenes. Nigeria's State Security Service (SSS), which reports to Azazi, took what observers consider an unusual step in November 2011 by arresting a federal senator and charging him with aiding Boko Haram. That senator, Mohammed Ali Ndume, had switched political affiliations to become a member of President Jonathan's own party. After Senator Ndume's arrest, a federal court in December 2011 ordered the politician jailed in expectation of a trial in 2012.
Azazi appeared to be studying extremist threat doctrine in his shaping of a national response to Islamist extremism. Islam in Nigeria takes many forms, and Azazi sought to differentiate among them. After the Christmas 2011 Boko Haram bombings of churches, Azazi strongly cautioned fellow Christians against talk of retaliation against Muslims or even wider religious warfare. He called on citizens to question the strategic intentions of the perpetrators, and said that counterterrorism policy must address those strategic intentions. 
Discussing Boko Haram and its strategy to incite retaliatory sectarian violence, Azazi said, "Have we thought of what their ultimate intentions are? Why will somebody go on to bomb Christians on a Christmas Day? Look at the ultimate intentions. Do they want to really raise tempers elsewhere?" Boko Haram terms Nigeria an "enemy of Islam" and seeks the disintegration of Nigeria as a country.
Rather than pursue counterterrorism solutions that would require mass policing of the country, Azazi stressed public participation in monitoring extremism and in assisting the security services.
In January 2012, Azazi praised the bipartisan findings of a homeland security subcommittee of the U.S. Congress that characterized Boko Haram as a threat to him and the "U.S. homeland which him and Governor Yakowa was gunned down by the Boko Haram and he escaped death while yakowa died." The subcommittee report urged stronger U.S. intelligence and counterterrorism ties with Nigeria. Azazi publicly voiced support for a strategic security relationship with the United States in an essay he authored for the Washington Times.
Personal life and death.
Azazi was married with five children, three sons-in-law, two daughters-in-law, a grand daughter and two grandsons. His hobbies included reading biographies, Nigerian music and playing squash.
On 15 December 2012 Azazi died along with Governor Yakowa of Kaduna state in a naval helicopter crash in Okoroba Village of Bayelsa State while on their way back to the Port-Harcourt Airport from the funeral of Oronto Douglas's father.
Education.
General Azazi held a MSc in Strategic Studies from the University of Ibadan, and completed the Staff Intelligence and Security Course, School of Service Intelligence, Ashford, Kent, United Kingdom and Combined Strategic Intelligence Training Programme, Defence Intelligence College, Washington DC, United States. He is a graduate of the Command and Staff College Nigeria, and the National War College, Nigeria where he won the President and Commander-in-Chief's merit award for best all round performance.
Lectures and participations.
His recent seminar and conference highlights include:
He was recently a guest lecturer at the Department of Psychology of the Post-Graduate School, University of Ibadan and the Friedrich Ebert Siftung Institute Sensitization Training Workshop for Experts and Personnel in the Security Sector in West Africa. He is also a Guest Lecturer on the Span of Command and Leadership at the National Defense College, Abuja, Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9694878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694878" title="Nachon">
Nachon

Nachon was the name of the owner of a threshing-floor, which was nearby to the place where Uzzah was slain.
Nachon means prepared

</doc>
<doc id="9694879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694879" title="William W. Outerbridge">
William W. Outerbridge

William Woodward Outerbridge (14 April 1906–20 September 1986) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. He held the distinction of firing the first shots in defense of the United States during World War II.
Biography.
Outerbridge was born in Victoria, Hong Kong, and graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1927. He served in various capacities on ships and ashore, including 3½ years on the China Station (1937–40) aboard the heavy cruiser . In 1940-41 he was Executive Officer of the destroyer , and on December 5, 1941 he was appointed as the captain of the destroyer , stationed at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
December 7, 1941.
Early in the morning of December 7, 1941, the "Ward", while on patrol near the entrance to Pearl Harbor, was alerted by to the presence of a Japanese midget submarine attempting to infiltrate into the harbor entrance. The "Ward" opened fire with her number three deck gun, then dropped depth charges, and sank the submarine. At the time this fact was discounted by senior officers at naval headquarters. This happened just a few hours before the Japanese naval air forces commenced their attacks on Pearl Harbor. The action by the "Ward's" crew was the first naval action by U.S. forces in World War II, and the gun that fired the first shot was installed as a memorial at the Minnesota State Capitol in Saint Paul, Minnesota. This was Outerbridge's first patrol of his first command. The midget submarine the "Ward" sank that morning was finally located in August 2002 in of water just outside Pearl Harbor.
For this action Outerbridge was subsequently awarded the Navy Cross.
World War II.
From 1942 Outerbridge worked at the Office of the Chief of Naval Transportation in Washington, D.C., before being given command of the destroyer in June 1944.
On D-Day the "O'Brien" stood off the coast of Normandy, and helped protect Allied forces landing on the beaches, by using her guns to attack German defenses near the landing zones. Later the "O'Brien" performed a similar action off the French port of Cherbourg as Allied ground forces captured the city.
Outerbridge and the "O'Brien" were then reassigned to the Pacific Fleet to participate in the liberation of the Philippines. In a strange twist of fate, on December 7, 1944, during the landings at Leyte Gulf, Outerbridge was ordered to use the "O'Brien's" deck guns to sink the "Ward", which had been severely damaged in a Japanese kamikaze attack.
Post-war.
After World War II Outerbridge continued in his naval career, serving as the commander of Destroyer Division 42 in 1945-46, before joining the staff of the Naval War College. In 1949 he returned to sea in command of Destroyer Squadron Four, and served as Chief of Staff and Aide to the Commander of Destroyer Flotilla Four in 1950-51. He was on the staff of the Industrial College of the Armed Forces in 1951-52, and served as Assistant Chief of Staff for Plans, Operations and Intelligence, Naval Forces, Far East in 1952-53.
Outerbridge commanded the cruiser from 1953 to 1955, then served as Head of the Transportation and Petroleum Branch in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations (Logistics, Plans). He retired in 1957, receiving promotion to Rear Admiral.
Outerbridge taught school in the area of science in late 1960's at an elementary and junior high private school called "Gulfstream School" in the town of Gulfstream, Florida located near Delray Beach, Fl.
Outerbridge died at his home in Tifton, Georgia on 20 September 1986.
Outerbridge was portrayed by Jerry Fogel in the 1970 film "Tora! Tora! Tora!".

</doc>
<doc id="9694882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694882" title="Muñiz Air National Guard Base">
Muñiz Air National Guard Base

Muñiz Air National Guard Base is the home base for the Puerto Rico Air National Guard. This installation located within the grounds of Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport in Carolina, Puerto Rico 14km (9 miles) east of San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Overview.
The 156th Airlift Wing mission is to provide airlift support for missions of the U.S. Southern Command (USSOUTHCOM) and airlift for joint military exercises while displaying military capabilities and bolster United States ties with our Latin American neighbors during Operation Coronet Oak. The 198th Airlift Squadron a subordinated unit of the 156th Airlift Wing also located at Muñiz Air National Base provides airlift support. The 156th Airlift Wing is under the Air National Guard/Air Mobility Command. Muñiz Air National Guard Base also commonly known as "Base Muñiz" provides support in local emergencies and mobilization of U.S. military troops from Puerto Rico for deployments worldwide.
History.
The Puerto Rico Air National Guard consolidated its operations and moved from the Isla Grande Airport in May 1956 to a new facility at the Isla Verde Airport located in Carolina, Puerto Rico now known as Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport just 14KM (9 miles) east of San Juan, Puerto Rico. On 10 April 1958, the 156th Tactical Fighter reorganized into a Fighter Group. On 1 January 1976, the 156th Tactical Fighter Group converted from F-104 Starfighter to A-7D Corsair. The first A-7s arrived in November and the last in March 1976.
Jose Antonio Muñiz.
In 1963 the Air National Guard Base was renamed "Muñiz Air National Guard Base" while commemorating the 20th anniversary of its federal recognition in honor after Co-founder of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard, Lieutenant Colonel José Antonio Muñiz a former United States Air Force officer who during World War II served in the United States Army Air Forces. Major General Orlando Llenza, then a fellow aviator in the unit, later described the loss in the following translation:
"We were short one pilot and Joe offered to stand in. I was formation lead. Right after departing the runway, his afterburner nozzles failed open, indicating a loss of power. The ejection seats in use at the time could not safely extract a pilot at low altitude and Joe went in little after takeoff. No one in the flight mentioned the event; we executed the flyover and were notified of the loss upon our return to base. Shortly after that, we received the F-86H which did not use afterburning and could fly non-stop from homestead AFB (in Florida) to San Juan unlike the previous D and E models, which had to stop for fuel at Guantanamo, Cuba."
Attack by Macheteros.
January 12, 1981. 10 A-7 Corsair IIs and an F-104 Starfighter were damage and destroyed. It is believed that this was a terrorist act was made by Boricua Popular Army Machetero commandos that infiltrated into the base. This loss was calculated at $45 million. The base Security detail increased from 11 to 22 Air Force Security Police personnel and 46 civilian contract guards.
Papal visit and presidential visit.
On October 12, 1984, Pope John Paul II made the first papal visit to Puerto Rico and was welcomed to Puerto Rico by governor Carlos Romero Barcelo and U.S. State Secretary George P. Shultz at Muñiz ANGB. Pope Johh Paul II left Puerto Rico on the evening that same day.
On June 14, 2011, United States president Barack Obama made an official visit to Puerto Rico for four hours. He arrived on the 747 Air Force One with Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi at Muñiz Air National Guard Base in Carolina, Puerto Rico and he was greeted by Governor Luis Fortuño. Later, after campaigning, President Obama gave a speech from a hangar at Muñiz Air National Guard Base.
Air mobility role.
On November 22, 1997. Muñiz ANGB received its first C-130s while celebrating the 50th anniversary of its federal recognition. The Air Force announced conversion of the 156th Fighter Wing from F-16A/B aircraft to C-130 aircraft, changing the task from air combat missions to airlift missions.
Today.
Since 1997 the mission for Muñiz Air National Guard base and the 156th Fighter Wing is to provide air mobility support for the U.S. Southern Command and operation Coronet Oak. This air base also provided mobilization to assist with humanitarian support in natural disasters like the 2010 Haiti earthquake. Muñiz ANGB played a mayor role in the mobilization for the Puerto Rico Air National Guard troops as well Army National Guard and U.S. Army Reserve soldiers from Puerto Rico for deployments to Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom. In addition some of the facilities at Muñiz ANGB include a Hangar, Maintenance Shops, Command Offices, an Air National Guard Recruiting Office, Community Center, Family Readiness Center and a NGX Base Exchange.
STARBASE Youth Program.
The STARBASE Youth Program at Muñiz Air National Guard Base is a nonresidential educational program for students (grades K-12) that provides them with real-world applications of math and science. Hundreds of students from schools all over Puerto Rico come to Muñiz ANGB to participate in the STARBASE Youth Program.
Operation Coronet Oak.
Coronet Oak was is the name for the continuing operation in which Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) and Air National Guard (ANG) C-130 aircraft, aircrews and related support personnel deploy from the United States to Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Puerto Rico, to provide theater airlift support for the U.S. Southern Command. The Guard and Reserve support the Coronet Oak mission year round since April, 19, 1999 from Muñiz Air National Guard Base when this mission moved from Howard Air Force Base, Panama as result of the U.S. military withdrawal from Panama. Units rotate in and out of Muñiz ANGB every two weeks. Forces assigned to CORONET OAK provide United States Southern Command with logistic and contingency support throughout Central and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="9694886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694886" title="Rune Christiansen">
Rune Christiansen

Rune Christiansen (born 10 April 1963 in Bergen) is a Norwegian poet and novelist. 
Rune Christiansen started as a poet in 1986. Since then, he has written nine collections of poems, and five novels. He has also collaborated with poets Alain Bosquet, Eugenio Montale, Frank Kuppner and Edmond Jabès.

</doc>
<doc id="9694910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694910" title="Marga Boodts">
Marga Boodts

Marga Boodts (February 18, 1895 - October 13, 1976) was a woman claimed to be Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia. She was one of a considerable number of Romanov pretenders who emerged from various parts of the world following the execution of Tsar Nicholas II and his family at Yekaterinberg on July 18, 1918. She stands out, however, as one of very few who claimed to have been Grand Duchess Olga, the Tsar's oldest daughter. She was also known as Maria Bottcher.
Purported escape from Russia.
By her own account, Marga Boodts survived the execution at Yekaterinberg when a member of the firing squad, whom she identified only as Dimitri K., knocked her unconscious and pretended that she was dead. Dimitri K., who had been a Cossack soldier, replaced her missing corpse with that of a young woman who had been caught stealing from the bodies of the other members of the Imperial family. He later cosack accompanied her to Vladivostok. Boodts claimed that upon her arrival to Vladivostok she was received by a German elite comando, and from Vladivostok, she reputedly said to have travelled through China and later she was taken by sea to Germany.
Re-emergence and life in Europe.
Boodts took her surname from Carlo Boodts, a German officer whom she married in Berlin on May 5, 1926 and divorced two years later. It was also while living in Germany that she claimed to have travelled to Doorn, Holland, and visited Kaiser Wilhelm II (1859–1941), who recognized her as Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna. He apparently provided her with financial support for the remainder of his lifetime. She recalled that she had also promised the former Kaiser that she would never reveal her Imperial identity, and would "keep the secret of my survival throughout my life". According to Boodts, the former Kaiser choose the daughter of a friend, Baroness Elisabeth von Schevenbach, to pick her up upon her arrival to Hamburg, and asked her to take care and provide Mrs. Boodts with accommodation. Boodts lived with Frau von Schevenbach for a few years at Potsdam, and later moved to Berlin. She also lived in a state near Stralsund, in eastern Germany.
Boodts' claim gained further credence from 1957, when she was recognised by Prince Sigismund of Prussia (1896–1978), who was a first cousin of the actual Grand Duchess Olga. He, in turn, introduced Boodts to Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg (1897–1970), a godson of Tsar Nicholas II, who provided her with financial support until his own death in 1970. In 1974, Prince Sigismund remained convinced of Boodts' authenticity. As he told journalists Anthony Summers and Tom Mangold, "we spoke about so many familiar matters that an outsider could not have known about, because they were things that had happened between us two". They maintained correspondence until 1976 when she died. There are 530 letters kept in a private archive in Italy as evidence of that relation. In 1958 Princess Charlotte Agnes of Saxe-Altenburg also visited Marga Boodts, together with her brother Prince Frederick Ernst of Saxe-Altenburg. Prince Sigismund and Princess Charlotte both provided affidavits that the woman living at Lake Como was indeed Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia. During that period, Boodts is also said to have received financial support from Pope Pius XII.
Mother Pascalina Lehnert, governess of Pope Pius XII declared in 1983 to have witnessed the special meetings between Marga Boodts and the Pope and said that He acknowledged her as the real Grand Duchess Olga of Russia.
Living in Lake Como, Boodts remained in relative obscurity for many years and thus managed to avoid the sensational press overage (and the suspicion of surviving Romanov descendants) that had long plagued her rival Imperial pretender, the notorious Anna Anderson, who claimed to be the Grand Duchess Anastasia. In 1955 she signed a contract with Mondadori editorial of Italy to publish her memoires "Io Vivo" (I am alive) as a book. Despite of the contract the book was never published, and close friends of Mrs. Boodts blamed The Vatican for interfering with the publication, due to a legal case pending at the Tribunal of First Instance of the Vatican and the alleged Olga Romanov.
Again in 1960, when Anna Anderson took her case to the Hamburg Courts, Boodts decided to make her own claims public. In an interview with United Press International, Boodts insisted that she had seen "her sister Anastasia" executed at Yekaterinberg, and had now come forward in an effort to discredit the "impostor" in Germany. She further stated that she was considering legal action of her own against Anderson, and was willing to "step into the Hamburg Courts to unmask her". Boodts, at that time was very aware that her benefactor, Prince Sigismund of Prussia, was also a firm supporter of Anderson's claims. Indeed, some of Anderson's strongest opponents (including Lord Mountbatten) cited Prince Sigismund's support of Boodts to discredit him as a witness in the Anderson case. For her own part, Anderson herself once admitted, in a taped interview with journalist Alexis Milukoff, that there was a possibility that Boodts may indeed be her "sister". The two women, however, never met.
By contrast, Boodts is alleged to have met up with a far lesser-known Romanov pretender, Suzanna Catharina de Graaff, who claimed to have been the hitherto unknown fifth child of Tsar Nicholas II and his wife, born after an alleged "hysterical pregnancy" in 1903. Mrs de Graaf's son stated that Boodts not only met his mother but acknowledged her claims, because Boodts herself had been old enough to remember the pregnancy in 1903. Both women exchanged correspondence during ten years. When Mrs de Graaf's son and his wife subsequently visited Boodts themselves, she reportedly "welcomed them as nephew and niece-in-law".
In 1960, Boodts also revealed to the press that she was currently working on her memoirs in collaboration with a close friend, Gräfin Brigitte von Harrach. Their ambitious project was described as "a 300-page book containing a number of very important documents allegedly proving, without any shadow of doubt, that she really was the first-born daughter of the Czar". This book was published in September 2012 by Martinez Roca Editorial in Spain. It has an extensive introduction by historian and researcher Marie Stravlo, who found the manuscript in Italy in 2010, together with thirty five thousand documents which supposedly prove that the woman known as Marga Boodts was indeed Olga Nikolaevna. Such book is available in Spanish.
In 1975, journalists Anthony Summers and Tom Mangold visited Boodts at her Lake Como villa as part of research for their book, "The File on the Tsar". She reportedly declined to speak about herself, or past events, and that "nothing at all emerged from the meeting to support the notion that she was either the Grand Duchess Olga, or even a Romanov".
Death.
Marga Boodts died of pneumonia on October 13, in a nursing home at Sala Comacina, Como, Italy, at the purported age of 81 years. It is said that the money for her grave had been set aside by her former benefector, the Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg, who had himself died six years earlier. According to the Prologue written by historian and researcher Marie Stravlo in the book "Estoy Viva", following directions of Prince Sigismund of Prussia, her gravestone did not bear the name Marga Boodts but, rather, was inscribed (in German) with text that translated as "In memory of Olga Nikolaevna, 1895-1976, eldest daughter of Emperor Nicolas II of Russia". As there were no direct descendants to pay for its maintenance, the gravestone was destroyed in 1995. In the Epilogue of that same book, Marie Stravlo clarifies that Marga Boodts' remains were not placed in a mass grave, as was told in the past. The bones were carefully transferred to another grave, under the supervision and custody of the Italian family that took care of Mrs. Boodts until she died.
Legacy.
Boodts' claim to be the Grand Duchess Olga, which was taken seriously by some people during her lifetime, was disproven thirty years later, when archaeological investigation and scientific testing finally confirmed that all seven members of the Russian Imperial family had been murdered at Yekaterinberg in 1918.
On August 23, 2007, a Russian archaeologist announced the discovery of two burned, partial skeletons at a bonfire site near Yekaterinburg that appeared to match the site described in Yurovsky's memoirs. The archaeologists said the bones are from a boy who was roughly between the ages of ten and thirteen years at the time of his death and of a young woman who was roughly between the ages of eighteen and twenty-three years old. Anastasia was seventeen years, one month old at the time of the assassination, while her sister Maria was nineteen years, one month old and her brother Alexei was two weeks shy of his fourteenth birthday. Anastasia's elder sisters Olga and Tatiana were twenty-two and twenty-one years old at the time of the assassination. Along with the remains of the two bodies, archaeologists found "shards of a container of sulfuric acid, nails, metal strips from a wooden box, and bullets of various caliber". The bones were found using metal detectors and metal rods as probes.
The Orthodox Church of Russia (ROC) does not recognize either group of bones found at Ekaterinburg as those of the last Imperial Family of Russia.
See also.
Romanov impostors

</doc>
<doc id="9694913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694913" title="Robin's plantain">
Robin's plantain

Robin's plantain is a common name for several plants native to eastern North America and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9694914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694914" title="Puerto Rico Air National Guard">
Puerto Rico Air National Guard

The Puerto Rico Air National Guard (PRANG) —— is the air force militia of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, an unincorporated territory of the United States of America. It is, along with the Puerto Rico Army National Guard, an element of the Puerto Rico National Guard.
As commonwealth militia units, the units in the Puerto Rico Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command. They are under the jurisdiction of the Governor of Puerto Rico though the office of the Puerto Rico Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the President of the United States. The Puerto Rico Air National Guard is headquartered at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, and its commander is Major General Antonio J. Vicens.
Overview.
Under the "Total Force" concept, Puerto Rico Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). Puerto Rico ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the Puerto Rico Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as commonwealth militia units the elements of the Puerto Rico ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. Commonwealth missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The Puerto Rico Air National Guard consists of the following major unit:
Support Unit Functions and Capabilities:
History.
On November 23, 1947, the Puerto Rico Air National Guard came into existence as a result of the efforts led by Colonel Mihiel Gilormini, Colonel Alberto A. Nido and Lieutenant Colonel José Antonio Muñiz. Gilormini was promoted to brigadier general and served as commander until his retirement in 1975. Colonel Nido was promoted to Brigadier General and served at National Guard Headquarters as Chief of Staff for Air. Brigadier General Jose M. Portela, the youngest C-141 Starlifter aircraft commander and captain was the only reservist ever to serve as director of mobility forces for Bosnia, served as commander of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard from January 11, 2005 to November 2006.
The tactical aviation element of PRANG operates as the 156th Airlift Wing, 198th Airlift Squadron, flying C-130E aircraft. They operate out of Muñiz Air National Guard Base, which shares the runways with Luiz Muñoz Marín International Airport (SJU, originally San Juan International Airport). In the past, they have operated P-47 Thunderbolts, C-47 Skytrains, C-45, T-6 Texan, B-26 Invader, L-5 Sentinel, T-33 Shooting Star, F-86D, F-86E, and F-86H Sabre Jets, F-104 Starfighters, C-54, T-29, C-131, U-3, O-2, A-7D Corsair II, F-16 Fighting Falcons, C-26, and currently, C-130 Hercules type aircraft. Phasing out the F-16s left Puerto Rico with no air-to-air defense assets.
Muñiz Air National Guard Base.
Muñiz Air National Guard Base or "Base Muñiz" in Carolina, Puerto Rico was formally named in 1963 to honor of one of the initial members of the unit who was killed in the line of duty. Lieutenant Colonel José Antonio Muñiz (full name: José Antonio Muñiz Vazquez) was lost on July 4, 1960 when his F-86D lost power on climbout for a formation fly-by. Major General Orlando Llenza, then a fellow aviator in the unit, later described the loss in the following translation:
We were short one pilot and Joe offered to stand in. I was formation lead. Right after departing the runway, his afterburner nozzles failed open, indicating a loss of power. The ejection seats in use at the time could not safely extract a pilot at low altitude and Joe went in little after takeoff. No one in the flight mentioned the event; we executed the flyover and were notified of the loss upon our return to base. Shortly after that, we received the F-86H which did not use afterburning and could fly non-stop from homestead AFB (in Florida) to San Juan unlike the previous D and E models, which had to stop for fuel at Guantanamo, Cuba. .
Muñiz ANGB is the home of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard's 156th Airlift Wing and the 198th Airlift Squadron.
1981 Terrorist Attack.
On 12 January 1981, the Ejército Popular Boricua (Boricua Popular Army), a Puerto Rican terrorist organization, carried out multiple bombings at the Muniz Air National Guard Base. At the time, it was the largest attack on U.S. military forces since the Vietnam War. The attack was timed to coincide with the birthday of the Puerto Rican independence advocate Eugenio María de Hostos. The attack incurred approximately $45,000,000 damage to ten A-7D aircraft and a single F-104 by eleven terrorists of the Popular Army of Puerto Rico, also known as "The Macheteros." The unit was equipped with eighteen A-7D and one F-104 aircraft.
Eleven saboteurs, disguised in military uniforms, penetrated the security fence and infiltrated the A-7 parking ramp through a hole cut in the perimeter chain link fence. Investigators believe that some, if not all, arrived near the ramp in a boat surreptitiously guided along a nearby channel. The operation occurred during security police (SP) shift changeover. Security was provided by contracted, operations and maintenance-funded guards. The perpetrators exited using the reverse of their entry method. Choosing to strike at shift change indicates the possibility of prior surveillance or insider information. The terrorists placed approximately 25 explosive devices on the aircraft. 
The planes were destroyed using individual satchels containing four sticks of Iremite (an emulsion explosive) with detonators and incendiary charges. They were time-delayed using a simple but effective watch and battery combination.
The explosives were stolen from a Puerto Rican explosives factory, with the theft traced to Ejército Popular Boricua. The AFOSI (United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations) called the explosives “sophisticated”. The entire operation took less than eight minutes, and this group of semiskilled intruders was able to inflict severe damage to mission capability.
Press coverage was substantial at the time of the incident, but died down quickly. This was the first peacetime incident in which USAF aircraft were destroyed by a terrorist act, and the first time terrorists had attacked a USAF installation on US soil. It was greatest material loss from any single act of terrorism perpetrated against the USAF anywhere in the world. The National Guard Bureau (NGB) was aware of the shortfalls in security at Muniz and of the threat, yet corrective actions had not been implemented at the time. The bombings resulted in increases in base security. It was revealed that there were to be 22 personnel, up from 11, guarding the base, funded entirely by the federal government as well as electric devices added to the fence.
Destroyed aircraft were A-7D serial numbers 70-1050; 72-0189; 72-0219; 72-0221; 72-0222; 73-0994; 73-1005; 74-1748, and 74-1755
External links.
From "GlobalSecurity.org":

</doc>
<doc id="9694932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694932" title="Tayside Children's Hospital">
Tayside Children's Hospital

Tayside Children's Hospital is one of four children's hospitals in Scotland, and is attached to Ninewells Hospital Dundee. It delivers services to children who live in Dundee, Angus, Perth and Kinross and north east Fife. 
It was formally opened on 7 June 2006 by television celebrity Fred MacAulay. The hospital combines medical services for children from prenatal to adolescence with research departments specialising in paediatrics and child development. 
Specialist services for children are provided for the vast majority of children’s health needs and there are paediatric sub-specialists in Neurology, Gastroenterology, Diabetes, Endocrinology, Allergy, Respiratory Paediatircs, Epilepsy, Dermatology, Clinical Genetics, Surgery and Neurodisability. Some highly specialised areas are supported by visiting clinicians from other children’s hospitals in Scotland, including Metabolic Medicine, Rheumatology, Cardiology and Renal.
In the hospital is a 40-bed children's medical ward which includes a six-bed High Dependency Unit and the Paediatric Assessment Unit. Surgical care is provided in Ward 30 and a dedicated children’s theatre. Ward 40 is the neonatal unit which looks after babies of all gestations that require care. There is also an excellent outdoor play area/garden and a large indoor play centre run by dedicated play staff, which also houses an area that provides entertainment equipment for teenagers. Close to the children’s wards is the Ronald McDonald suite for parents to reside in while their child is in hospital.
There is a separate children's outpatient clinic which has two play areas and a quiet room for parents. The Clinical Investigation Unit supports day case investigations and is also the key support area for the Clinical Paediatric Research Facility (supported by the Scottish Children’s Research Network) into conditions such as cystic fibrosis, asthma, diabetes, dermatology and ADHD. The research is supported by clinical nurse specialists and aimed at developing further treatments and enabling medication trials that would normally only be offered to adults.
Integrated into the Children’s Hospital is Child Health which is repsonisble for the delivery of academic Child Health Research and teaching for the School of Medicine, University of Dundee.
Tayside Children’s Hospital also extends beyond the Ninewells site with the Children’s Ambulatory Care Unit at Perth Royal Infirmary and community child health services.
NHS Tayside has recently signed an agreement with the ARCHIE Foundation, a North of Scotland children’s health charity and together, the organisations aim to improve and enhance the services currently provided to the children of Tayside.
Notes.
1. Jump up ^ BBC (2006-06-06). "Dundee children's hospital opens". BBC News. Retrieved 2007-02-02.
2. Jump up ^ Medical News Today (2006-11-06). "Opening Of Tayside Children's Hospital". Retrieved 2007-02-02.
3. Jump up ^ Dundee University (2006-06-06). "Tayside Children's Hospital Opening day 7th June 2006". Retrieved 2007-02-02.

</doc>
<doc id="9694960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694960" title="Volant skis">
Volant skis

Volant is a brand of ski equipment, currently owned by Amer Sports. It was founded as an independent company in the USA, by brothers Hank and Bucky Kashiwa in 1989. The brothers developed the stainless steel "cap" ski, and founded the company with the belief that stainless steel skis would provide better performance than skis made from other materials.
In 2001, Volant production was moved from Wheat Ridge, Colorado to Atomic's Altenmarkt factory in Austria on an OEM basis. In 2003, the Volant brand was acquired by Amer Group, LLC, the parent company of Atomic, and several other brands of sporting equipment.
Volant purchased Aggression Snowboards in 1994, in order to acquire a snowboard manufacturing facility. A steel capped snowboard was introduced to the Aggression line (the Aggression Steel) initially. In the following season Volant introduced its own line of snowboards and shifted the steel capped boards to the Volant line. Volant purchased Limited Snowboards, bringing their president to Wheat Ridge but continuing to produced the Limited line in Canada. Volant was still not profitable due to continuing problems achieving economies of scale with the steel top caps. Costs issues were further heightened with the opening of eastern Europe and globalization of the industry. An average of 4.5 hours of labor spent on each pair of skis could not be justified. Meanwhile the primary investor's stock portfolio was taking a beating due to the Dot Com bust and he no longer desired to keep pumping money into the hemorrhaging company. The doors were order closed and the brand sold. 

</doc>
<doc id="9694964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9694964" title="Mexican Figure Skating Championships">
Mexican Figure Skating Championships

The Mexican Figure Skating Championships are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9695002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695002" title="Minolta Dimage A1">
Minolta Dimage A1

The Minolta DiMAGE A1 is a bridge digital camera with electronic viewfinder manufactured by Minolta. It was introduced in July 2003, replacing the Minolta Dimage 7 series. It was the first Minolta product to incorporate the Anti-Shake system, a built-in image stabilization system.
Unlike the DiMAGE 7-series cameras which use four AA batteries or an external battery pack connection, the DiMAGE A1 uses a newly introduced battery cell designated Minolta NP-400. A key feature of it is a long battery life. (The NP-400 is also used with the final Konica Minolta DSLRs, the Dynax 7D/5D).
This was the final Minolta-badged bridge camera product before the Konica Minolta merger. The DiMAGE A1 was succeeded by the DiMAGE A2 in March 2004 (as the first Konica Minolta-badged product), with an 8-megapixel CCD sensor.

</doc>
<doc id="9695011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695011" title="The Unknown (1946 film)">
The Unknown (1946 film)

The Unknown is a 1946 mystery film directed by Henry Levin made by Columbia Pictures as part of its "I Love a Mystery" series based on the popular radio program.

</doc>
<doc id="9695031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695031" title="Awad Bing language">
Awad Bing language

Awad Bing, or Biliau, is an Austronesian language spoken by about 1,100 people in seven villages near Astrolabe Bay, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea. Almost all speakers also use Tok Pisin as a second language. Awad Bing is also spoken by a few Ngaing for trading purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="9695032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695032" title="1953 in Northern Ireland">
1953 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9695073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695073" title="Samsung SGH-i607">
Samsung SGH-i607

The Samsung BlackJack, or Samsung SGH-i607, is a smartphone that was available through AT&T in the United States and Telstra in Australia.
Specifications.
Specifications from the Samsung website:
Brand controversy.
In January 2007 Research In Motion, creators of the BlackBerry handhelds, filed suit in United States federal court claiming the BlackJack trademark was too similar to the BlackBerry mark. They allege Samsung has named their smartphone with a word beginning with "Black" just to mislead the customers that would come to the cellphone stores with the intention to purchase a BlackBerry. A month later the two parties settled out of court. In January 2008, Rogers Wireless and Fido Solutions released the Blackjack II in Canada under the name Jack.
Hardware defect.
For handsets manufactured between November 2006 and February 2007, there is a known defect in the antenna assembly, causing a large number of dropped calls.
Successor.
The successor to the Blackjack was the Samsung BlackJack II. It was available in the U.S. for AT&T and in Canada for Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="9695079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695079" title="Bartosz Domański">
Bartosz Domański

Bartosz Domański (born 25 August 1980 in Opole) is a Polish figure skater. He is the 2002 and 2003 Polish national champion. He competed twice at the European Figure Skating Championships and three times at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. He and Sabina Wojtala used to coach each other.
He is not related to Przemysław Domański.

</doc>
<doc id="9695097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695097" title="Humberto Contreras">
Humberto Contreras

Humberto Contreras (born August 21, 1983 in Mexico City) is a Mexican figure skater. He is a four-time Mexican National Champion ('02, '03, '05, '09). He is also the first Mexican skater to have performed a triple Salchow-triple Loop combination in competition (2004 Four Continents Championships).

</doc>
<doc id="9695118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695118" title="Shvetsov">
Shvetsov

Shvetsov was a Soviet design bureau founded in Perm, USSR, in 1934, to produce the Wright Cyclone-derived Shvetsov M-25. Originally headed by A.D. Shvetsov, the OKB became the primary provider of radial piston engines for Soviet aircraft industry (Mikulin's and Klimov's OKB were assigned to creation of in-line engines). After the founder's death in 1953, the OKB was taken over by Pavel Soloviev.

</doc>
<doc id="9695121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695121" title="Vice Versas">
Vice Versas

Vice Versas are a type of chocolate produced in the UK by Nestlé, similar in composition to Galaxy Minstrels. A Vice Versa can exist in one of two varieties; one consisting of milk chocolate encased in a white coloured sugar coating; the other of white chocolate in a brown coating.
History.
Vice Versas were first produced in the UK in 1991, but production was later discontinued. The chocolate sweet was re-launched in 2004, only to be withdrawn once more, roughly a year later. Nestle offered the following explanatory statement on their website following the second discontinuation of Vice Versa production: 
"We are sorry to inform you that the products have been withdrawn from our range due to the high cost of production and the relatively low level of sales. We would like to assure you that the decision to withdraw any product is reached only with great reluctance and we regret any disappointment this product's absence has caused you."
Today.
There exists a cult following for Vice Versas, and an online petition was drawn up following the second discontinuation of sale. This petition, which was in support of the re-launching of Vice Versas, received over 970 signatures 
In July 2012, Nestle announced that Vice Versas were to be relaunched from 6 August, although they are already available to buy in some stores in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9695127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695127" title="ECIS">
ECIS

ECIS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9695128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695128" title="Mindiri">
Mindiri

Mindiri is an Austronesian language spoken by about 80 people in one village on the Rai Coast, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9695131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695131" title="Rachel Elson">
Rachel Elson

Rachel F. Elson is an American journalist and managing editor at CBS MoneyWatch.com. She is a recipient of the 2009 Gerald Loeb Award for excellence in business journalism.
A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, Elson was previously an editor at "MSN Money", "The New York Post", and Salon.com. 
She has been a freelance editor and reporter whose articles have appeared in "Time Out New York", "The Washington Post", Salon.com, People.com, "The New York Post" and "The San Francisco Examiner".

</doc>
<doc id="9695160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695160" title="St. Hilda's &amp; St. Hugh's School">
St. Hilda's &amp; St. Hugh's School

St. Hilda's & St. Hugh's School is an independent, Episcopal day school in New York City. It is located in Morningside Heights on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. With grades from toddler (2&3 years old) to 8th grade. 
Students are required to wear a uniform. The uniform consists of a white shirt and plaid skirt for girls, and tan pants for boys. They attend Eucharist on Thursday and chapel on all other days.
In 2006, St. Hilda’s & St. Hugh’s opened a companion school in Chengalpattu, India.
In 2012, St Hilda's and St Hugh's renovated the school and raised money with an auction. The theme: classroom reimagined.

</doc>
<doc id="9695185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695185" title="Marv Terhoch">
Marv Terhoch

Marv Terhoch was best known as Producer and Executive Producer of CBWT's award-winning "24Hours" news & current affairs program.
He was appointed to the position of Exec. Producer on June 1, 1981, during the NABET strike, replacing acting Exec. Producer Sean Sullivan who worked in the position between January 1, 1981–May 31, 1981.
Under Marv's leadership, "24Hours" became the most watched newscast in Winnipeg, which continued to receive national and international awards for its documentaries.
Marv became Regional Director of CBC Manitoba in May, 1984. He later pled guilty to expense account fraud and served a conditional 10-month sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="9695202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695202" title="1952 in Northern Ireland">
1952 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9695207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695207" title="Wab language">
Wab language

Wab is an Austronesian language spoken by about 120 people in the coastal villages of Wab and Saui, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9695210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695210" title="Greater Twin Cities Youth Symphonies">
Greater Twin Cities Youth Symphonies

The Greater Twin Cities Youth Symphonies" (GTCYS) is a group of youth orchestras in the Twin Cities in Minnesota. Founded in 1972, GTCYS has served over 16,000 musicians and put on more than 500 concerts. The top orchestra has also traveled on 12 national and international tours. GTCYS currently features 6 orchestras for young musicians any age through high school.
GTCYS is a youth orchestra program based in Minneapolis that draws over 500 students from eastern Minnesota and western Wisconsin. Artistic director is Mark Russell Smith, who also conducts the top orchestra.
Mission: In the conviction that music nourishes the mind, body, and spirit of the individual and enriches the community, the Greater Twin Cities Youth Symphonies provides a rigorous and inspiring orchestral experience for young musicians.
History: Founded in 1972, GTCYS (pronounced “GIT-seez”) was created to provide an educational orchestra program for motivated music students from throughout the metropolitan area. Since then, GTCYS has served more than 16,000 students, honing their musical talents and developing lifelong values such as excellence, teamwork, discipline, and community engagement. With year-round opportunities for beginning to advanced musicians, GTCYS’ programming is inclusive, rigorous and comprehensive, and is designed to help young people achieve their full potential.GTCYS provides a supportive yet challenging atmosphere in which young musicians of all ages and abilities can aspire to the highest levels of musical proficiency, learn from the masters of our time and perform in prestigious concert halls. Esteemed guest conductors have included Aaron Copland, Leonard Slatkin, Raymond Leppard, Stanislaw Skrowaczewski, Roberto Abbado, and Osmo Vänskä. GTCYS’ premier orchestra, Symphony, has appeared at the famous Schools Promenade Concerts at the Royal Albert Hall in London, and has toured the globe from the British Isles to Asia, Central America, the former Soviet Union and the South Pacific, where GTCYS’ 1992 Fiji performance marked the first appearance by a western orchestra in that island nation.GTCYS holds a treasured place in the Minnesota arts and cultural landscape, and has appeared at some of Minnesota’s most memorable events, including performing the National Anthem at the 1983 opening celebration for the Metrodome, and a 1991 Inauguration Day performance at the Minnesota State Capitol Rotunda. Over the years, GTCYS has been honored by the Twin Cities Mayors’ Public Arts Award for “outstanding musical contributions to the community,” and an ASCAP award for creative programming. GTCYS’ artistic staff forges strong relationships with school orchestra programs and regional artistic partners to advance music education for young people in the Twin Cities. Since June 2011, GTCYS and The Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra have shared a unique strategic allianced aimed to strengthen both organizations and the community.
Orchestras.
There are currently six orchestras starting from the rudimentary level. All of the orchestras require an audition which will place the instrumentalist into an orchestra that meets their playing needs. The only exception are the two Summer Orchestras that play and meet during the Summer which do not require an audition. Halfway through the Fall/Spring semester there is a Winter Audition for students who wish to participate for the last half of the GTCYS year.
This orchestra does not have any Woodwind or brass instruments. Percussion is also excluded.
This orchestra involves the Brass, Percussion, and Woodwinds.
The auditions are more difficult but you are basically guaranteed this placement for Winds and Percussion.
This orchestra involves the Brass, Percussion, and Woodwinds.
The auditions now become more difficult and require harder audition pieces and more scales.
The Top three Orchestras are Concert Orchestra (Benjamin Klemme), Philharmonic (Gary Wolfman), and Symphony (Mark Russell Smith).
ALL orchestras include a full range of Brass, Woodwinds and Percussion and focus on more advanced music with a large range music from contemporary to the classics.
Concerts have been performed at notable venues in the Twin Cities such as Orchestra Hall and the Ordway Center for the Performing Arts. GTCYS orchestras have also performed around the world, in such venues as the Sydney Opera House. Symphony, the flagship orchestra, is taking a trip to Spain this spring (2014) by invitation to the Granada International Festival of Music and Dance.
Greater Twin Cities Youth Symphonies==References==

</doc>
<doc id="9695213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695213" title="National Transportation Services Limited">
National Transportation Services Limited

National Transportation Services Limited is a national transport carrier serving all major districts of Belize. Established in January 2006 following the collapse of the former Novelo's Bus Lines Limited, the reigning monopoly company in Belizean transportation, the NTSL is run by the former owners of that company, David and Antonio Novelo, on much the same permits as the original Novelo's.
Routes.
As of February 2007:
Buses are classified as either Regular runs (usual prices) or Express runs (faster, for slightly higher prices).
History.
In December 2005, the former Novelo's Bus Line shut down abruptly after more than two and a half decades of transportation service in Belize.
Beginning in about 1998, the Novelo brothers, David and Antonio, embarked on an ambitious plan to control all transport services in Belize. They began buying up smaller, competing companies, including Batty's Bus Line, their largest competitor, and Venus Line, owned by Corozal's Froylan Gilharry. Before long, Novelo's controlled the Northern routes to Corozal and the Orange Walk Districts, the Western route to Cayo and most of the southern route to Dangriga and Punta Gorda (the rest was patrolled by P.G.'s James Bus Line), having bought out companies running these routes. The Novelos used monies borrowed from the Development Finance Corporation to pay for these takeovers and operational costs.
As often happens with monopolies, hiccups in the industry began to affect the company. Gas prices soared, and it quickly became more expensive to maintain 24-hour-a-day routes. At the same time, monies were due to the Atlantic and Belize Banks, which had bankrolled the expansion plan. By 2005, the situation was too much, and the brothers declared bankruptcy; the once-proud Novelo's Line went into receivership. Even in receivership the company remained unable to lift itself out of trouble, and it went down in December. Meanwhile, the brothers planned to get back into the transport business under a new name: National Transport. This new company would run mainly to the West and North, and in Belize City, under the name Belize In Transit Services.
The wary Ministry of Transport at first refused to give the brothers licenses. Attempts to run the routes without licenses were shut down until the process was complete, but for several days Belizeans had no bus transport. 
NTSL now ran in competition with the Belize Bus Drivers (now Owners) Cooperative, consisting of drivers from the old Novelo's group, which broke ranks with the company following the drivers' dismissal in December. The NTSL and BBOC are two of the "big three" of Belizean transport, the other being James, the only company the former Novelos did not buy.
The thirty-million-dollar loan from the DFC, borrowed by the Novelos, became a main topic of the subsequent hearings into the actions of that company beginning in mid-2006 and continuing. Recent revelations to the investigative commission indicate that the Novelos used their clout to fasttrack the loan in one day, an action that infuriated Belizeans. In February 2007, the Novelos appealed to the Supreme Court to halt the commission, charging conflicts of interest with appointed auditor Mark Hulse (who they said had been part of the receivership cadre) and general ignorance of the Novelo side of the story. This case is currently being argued.

</doc>
<doc id="9695215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695215" title="Ohta">
Ohta

Ohta, Ōta, or Ota may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9695224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695224" title="Norton Canes">
Norton Canes

Norton Canes is a village and civil parish on the southern periphery of Cannock Chase District, in Staffordshire, England. It is situated out of the centre of Cannock. At the 2001 census it had a population of 6,394. and an area of of which 86% is green open space.
The Cannock Chase Coalfield once had 45 collieries within of Norton Canes, employing over 5,800 men, as well as 2 large surface mines; the last pit in the area closed in 1993. 
Grove Pit was one of these pits, and on 1 October 1930 was the scene of a major tragedy when 14 miners were killed in an explosion there.
Another local colliery was owned by the Jerome family, hence Jerome Road now on the site of the pit. This was the family of the author Jerome K. Jerome. 
Norton Canes borders Chasewater - a collection of man-made lakes formed through old mining pits and a reservoir that feeds the canal system of West Midlands. Chasewater is a popular leisure destination offering facilities for water-skiing and yachting, mountain biking, jogging, walking and bird watching.
Norton Canes straddles the UK's first and only Toll Motorway, the M6 Toll which has its northern Toll Plaza and Norton Canes Services is the only services for that motorway. 
Norton Canes was home to Europe's first drive-through chemist. This is now closed as the chemist has moved into the local health centre located in Brownhills Road.
Schools.
There are two primary schools in Norton Canes: Jerome Primary School and Norton Canes Primary Academy. There is one high school: Norton Canes High School.
The Jerome Primary School was named to reflect the association with the Jerome family who owned the pit referred to above.

</doc>
<doc id="9695288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695288" title="Mace Moulton">
Mace Moulton

Mace Moulton (May 2, 1796 – May 5, 1867) was an American sheriff, banker and Democratic politician in the U.S. State of New Hampshire. He served as a United States Representative from New Hampshire and as sheriff of Hillsborough County during the 1800s.
Early life and career.
Moulton was born in Concord, New Hampshire, the son of son of Henry and Susan Stevens Moulton. He attended the public schools and trained as a carpenter's apprentice. In 1817, he was appointed deputy sheriff of Hillsborough County and moved to Bedford, New Hampshire. He served as deputy sheriff until 1840, when he was appointed sheriff. Moulton served as sheriff until he resigned in 1844.
He was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth Congress, serving from March 4, 1845 - March 3, 1847. After leaving Congress, Moulton served as sheriff again from 1847-1849. He was appointed a member of the Governor's council in 1848 and 1849.
In 1849, he moved to Manchester, New Hampshire where he served as director and president of the Amoskeag Savings Bank until his death in 1867. Moulton died in Manchester, New Hampshire and is interred in Valley Cemetery in Manchester.
Personal life.
Moulton maried Dolly Gould Stearns in 1822 and they had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9695316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695316" title="Love Is Dead (The Mr. T Experience album)">
Love Is Dead (The Mr. T Experience album)

Love Is Dead is the sixth album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1996 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's second album as a three-piece and first with bassist Joel Reader and drummer Jim "Jym" Pittman, replacing Aaron Rubin and Alex Laipeneiks, respectively, who had departed the group the previous year.
The song "I Just Wanna Do it With You" was used in the soundtrack to the 1996 movie "Glory Daze" starring Ben Affleck and was included on the film's soundtrack album, along with the song "Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend" from the band's 1993 album "Our Bodies Our Selves". During the film's party scene, the main characters also perform as a band a cover of The Mr. T Experience song "Now We Are Twenty-One" from their 1988 album "Night Shift at the Thrill Factory".

</doc>
<doc id="9695333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695333" title="Ric Drasin">
Ric Drasin

Ric Drasin (born July 12, 1944) is an American artist, actor, Internet talk show host, director, producer, and writer. He is also a personal trainer, stuntman, former bodybuilder, and retired professional wrestler. Drasin designed both the original Gold's Gym logo— a cartoon sketch of a bald weightlifter—and the World Gym gorilla logo.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was Drasin's weight training partner for four years at the original Gold's Gym in Venice, California. Drasin wrestled professionally for 36 years (1965–2001) while also winning titles in amateur bodybuilding contests during his younger years. Drasin retired from the ring at age 57, but still remains active as a professional wrestling instructor. He is also a Specialist Reserve Officer with the Los Angeles Police Department and a spokesperson for Gold's Gym International. In 2012, Drasin received the first Joe Gold Lifetime Achievement Award.
Early life.
Richard Alan Drasin was born and raised in Bakersfield, California, a city of agriculture and oil production. His father and mother, Oscar (1911–1963) and Claire (1914–2010), owned and operated Drasin's Little Folks Shop, a children's furniture and clothing store. Drasin has one sibling, an older sister, Stephanie (born 1936), nicknamed Stef. The family attended religious services at Temple Beth El.
Drasin's formal education began at Franklin Elementary School. While at Emerson Junior High School, as a joke he and two friends tried out for the cheerleading squad. They were selected. He graduated from Bakersfield High School in 1962 at age 18, then attended Bakersfield College for two years (1963–1964), focusing on art.
Drasin's interests in bodybuilding, powerlifting, weightlifting, and guitar playing began in junior high school. When Drasin was in high school, he formed a band known as The Epics. Drasin's band became so popular that they were featured at YMCA Day at the Hollywood Bowl in 1960.
About three months later, The Epics competed in a Battle of the Bands contest at the Hollywood Palladium, placing second out of about 200 bands. One of the prizes was a one-year recording contract with Capitol Records. Capitol Records changed the name of The Epics to The Hollywood Vines.
The Hollywood Vines recorded two cruising songs, "Cruisin’" and "When Johnny Comes Slidin’ Home." The 45 rpm record (Capitol Records reference number 4511) was released in 1961. Although the record was a success, the band drifted apart as the members grew into adulthood.
Drasin enlisted in the Army Reserves for eight years and was inducted on his 18th birthday. On active duty for approximately six months after enlistment and for two weeks each year thereafter, Drasin served as a clerk/typist and driver, achieving the rank of Sergeant. He was stationed at Fort Ord, California, and Fort Lewis, Washington.
When Drasin was 18, his father died during surgery for a heart condition. Drasin and his father had very much enjoyed going to professional wrestling shows together and, unknown to his father, Drasin had decided he would someday become a professional wrestler.
Young adulthood.
Drasin's work in the fitness industry began in 1962, when he taught classes in nutrition and exercise at the Bakersfield YMCA. Also in Bakersfield, he was an instructor at Babe's Gym (1963–1964), then manager of Joseph's Gym (1965–1967).
Drasin was assigned to train with Johnnie Mae Young (born 1923, died 2014). Young was a National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) United States Women's Champion, who, at 5’4” and 180 pounds, was known as one of the toughest wrestlers in the business. Drasin, at 6’0”, 215 pounds, and 21 years younger, was the recipient of many bumps, bruises, rope and mat burns during his six-month training period. Each training session lasted two to three hours, and Drasin received thorough training in collegiate, professional, American- and Mexican-style wrestling.
Drasin's first professional appearance was as “Dick Alan,” a “baby face” (good guy). The year was 1965, and his opponent was Buddy "Killer" Austin. Austin won the match.
In 1975 Drasin also started a business called West Coast Wrestling Promotions. He faced great opposition from the National Wrestling Alliance, and Drasin ceased operations after a few shows.
In 1972, he had his first film role, playing "George," a gym manager who is attacked by rats in the movie "Ben".
In 1978, Drasin played an Olympic weightlifter in the film "Sextette".
In 1978, World Gym also asked him to design a logo, and he created the World Gym gorilla logo, still in use today.
During that era, Dianabol and Primobolan Depot were two of the most popular steroids with bodybuilders. Drasin freely admits to taking steroids, as has Arnold Schwarzenegger, both reminding critics that steroids were legal during that era, requiring only a doctor's prescription.
Middle years.
Ric Drasin married Ilene Walit in 1975. Walit was employed as a production secretary at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) motion picture studio when they met at Venice Beach in 1970. When the marriage ended in divorce in 1983, the children remained with Drasin. He chose to close his T-shirt business in 1984 after his name was stolen and used on goods of inferior quality.
In 1985, Drasin reorganized his old West Coast Wrestling Promotions into the American Wrestling Federation (AWF) and promoted wrestling shows in the Los Angeles and Bakersfield areas. He taught his son Shane how to wrestle, and he wrestled as “Shane '54” for the AWF from 1996 until 2001. Although Drasin's son Adam did not wrestle professionally, he occasionally worked as a referee for the AWF.
During 1987 at Gold's Gym in Northridge, California, Drasin met Randi Susan Weber (born 1964). They married in 1989 and had a daughter, Samantha Paige, nicknamed Sami (born 1991). After 23 years of marriage, Ric and Randi Drasin obtained a divorce, which became final on September 25, 2012.
Injuries.
In 2000, Drasin was working with a table saw in his garage and had an accident that amputated his middle, ring, and little fingers from his right hand. Drasin's son Shane obtained medical attention for him, and doctors were able to reattach his middle and ring fingers, but the tip and middle section of his little finger could not be saved. Drasin returned to the gym the next day, using the heel of his hand for some exercises and straps around his wrists for others. He has stated that he never took pain medication for this injury. Using a glove to protect his hand, Drasin soon returned to professional wrestling.
In 2001, Drasin sustained two other serious injuries, both to his legs. The first happened while wrestling in an AWF match against “Cincinnati Red” (Scott Davis) in Huntington Beach, California. Drasin did not realize he had been seriously injured and continued wrestling for seven more minutes, until the bout ended with Drasin the victor. Davis had fallen on Drasin's leg, bending Drasin's foot to his hip, which ruptured the quadriceps tendons in Drasin's right thigh. An orthopedic surgeon diagnosed his condition as ruptured quadriceps and informed Drasin that he needed immediate surgery on both legs or he would never walk again. Surgery left him in leg braces and a wheelchair for six weeks. Only one week into recovery, Drasin convinced his wife and daughter to drive him to his regular gym, Gold's Gym in North Hollywood. He trained his upper body from his wheelchair and then from a walker until the leg braces were removed.
After the leg braces were removed, he began training his legs again, but within 24 hours a staph infection blew out his right knee. Drasin got through the life-threatening ordeal with antibiotics and a drain that remained in place for eight weeks. Even this didn't keep him out of the gym, and he credits his workouts with speeding up the healing process. He was soon on a cane and only a year later was doing full leg workouts.
Current life.
Drasin wrote a book and a script for a horror film while recovering from his injuries. His book, "So, You Want to Be a Wrestling Promoter", written with Bruce Dwight Collins, was published in March 2004 by BookSurge, LLC.
In 2002, Drasin invented the Security Kat, a handheld personal security device.
In 2005, Gold's Gym International re-introduced Drasin's original logo as part of their retro T-shirt line. Drasin is now a spokesperson for Gold's Gym, speaking at conventions and appearing at special events at various Gold's Gyms. He is also a spokesperson for HeadBlade Razors.
In 2006 Drasin was approached by Richard Wenk, who had written the screenplay for the Bruce Willis film "16 Blocks". Wenk expressed an interest in taping a pilot for a reality television show based on Drasin's experience as a wrestling instructor. Drasin's successful work with wrestling students ranging from 20 to 59 years of age, some with health issues and learning disabilities, had caught Wenk's attention. The pilot, titled "Tuff and Tender", was completed in March 2007. Much of it was videotaped in Drasin's back yard, where he has his own 16 foot by 16 foot wrestling ring.
On August 14, 2007, Drasin was filmed by Nine Network Australia for their prime time travel series, "Getaway". One of Drasin's wrestling classes was featured, and he served as the show's guide for a tour of California's fabled Venice Beach. The episode aired in October 2007.
In August 2008, Drasin received his badge from the Los Angeles Police Department identifying him as a Specialist Reserve Officer, a civilian volunteer who possesses special skills that benefit the police department. 
He trained actress and television news correspondent Maria Menounos for her October 12, 2009, appearance on "WWE Monday Night Raw" as part of a charity awareness promotion.
Ric Drasin was the recipient of the first Joe Gold Lifetime Achievement Award, presented at the World Gym International Convention in Las Vegas, Nevada, on September 26–28, 2012. With this award, Drasin was recognized for his contributions to the fitness industry as a bodybuilder, professional wrestler, actor, and artist. Additionally, the award recognized his preservation of the history of the Golden Era of Bodybuilding through his current Internet show, "Ric’s Corner".

</doc>
<doc id="9695336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695336" title="Sancha of Majorca">
Sancha of Majorca

Sancha of Majorca (c. 1285 – 28 July 1345, Naples) was Queen of Naples as the second wife of Robert the Wise. She was a daughter of James II of Majorca and Esclaramunda of Foix.
Sancha married the widowed Robert of Naples in July 1304, the eldest surviving son of Charles II of Naples. Charles II died on 5 May 1309 and Robert succeeded him. Sancha was queen for the rest of his reign but remained childless. On numerous occasions, Sancha petitioned the pope for the dissolution of her marriage, as she desired to become a nun. Robert died on 20 January 1343 and was succeeded by his granddaughter, Joan I. Sancha supported her step-granddaughter in the first year of her reign against other factions. She retired to a local monastery on 20 January 1344 and died as a nun the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="9695340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695340" title="Tuzla Island">
Tuzla Island

Tuzla Island (; ; ) is a sandy islet in the form of a spit located in the middle of the Strait of Kerch between the Kerch Peninsula in the west and the Taman Peninsula in the east. Administratively, it is part of Kerch city in eastern Crimea.
2003 conflict.
There was a territorial dispute over the ownership of the island between Ukraine and Russia in October 2003. The Russian authorities claimed this since it was, prior to 1925, part of the Tuzla Spit and thus connected continental Russia, and not part of the Crimean peninsula transferred to Ukraine in 1954.
The Russian side started to build a dam from the Taman peninsula towards the island to revive the eroded peninsula without any preliminary consultations with the Ukrainian government authorities. After the construction of the 3.8 km long dam was suspended at the exact point of Russian-Ukrainian border, the distance between the dam and the island is now . The construction of the dam led to the increase the intensity of stream in the strait and deterioration of the island. To prevent the deterioration the government of Ukraine funded ground works to deepen the bed of the strait. The reason for those ground works was to stop the Russian ships paying a toll to Ukraine for crossing the strait of Kerch which is considered as territorial waters of Ukraine. Ukraine refuses to recognize the strait as inner waters of both countries.
On October 21, 2003 the Border Service of Ukraine arrested the Russian tugboat "Truzhenik" that crossed the State Border of Ukraine and conducted photo and video surveillance of the island. After the incident a respective protocol was created and the ship was handed over to the Russian border authorities. On October 23, 2003 the Supreme Council of Ukraine issued a resolution "To eliminate a threat to the territorial integrity of Ukraine that appeared as a result of dam construction by the Russian Federation in the strait of Kerch". A provisional special parliamentary commission was created to investigate the case more thoroughly.
On October 30–31, 2003 talks started between Ukraine and Russia which led to suspension of the construction of the dam. Due to the conflict, on December 2, 2003 a border patrol station of Ukraine was installed on the island. On December 5, 2003 the Cabinet of Ukraine issued Order #735p in regards to urgent measures to safe the island. On July 4, 2004 the Cabinet of Ukraine issued Order #429p that foresaw the construction of shore reinforcement structures and population transfer from the flooding territories.
History.
It was formed when the spit that continued the Taman peninsula suffered from a massive erosion during a major storm in 1925. Just before the Soviet Union entered World War II on January 7, 1941, it was (based on all available Soviet maps up until 1991) part of the Crimean Oblast which in its turn on February 19, 1954, became a part of the Ukrainian SSR.
Infrastructure.
Officially the island does not have a permanent settlement, however there is a border station of the Border Service of Ukraine, a small fishing settlement, some private garden lots, two vacation resorts "Middle spit" and "Two Seas". The island's electricity is supplied by two diesel power stations. There also is a pier and a helicopter pad. A second pier is located near the fishing settlement which is in critical condition and is not in use. Two concrete surface roads run along the island. From May through October at the resort "Two Seas" a store is operational. After the conflict in 2003 the Supreme Council of Crimea ordered the establishment of a new settlement on the island. However on September 6, 2006, the Kerch city administration refused to create such a settlement which conflicts with administrative-territorial composition of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9695346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695346" title="The Treasury of Croesus">
The Treasury of Croesus

The Treasury of Croesus is a comic story made by Don Rosa.
Plot.
Scrooge McDuck foils what Donald Duck calls "Magica De Spell's most bizarre and complex scheme yet". Donald says neither of them will be satisfied until becoming so rich as Croesus. Scrooge says he's already richer than Croesus once was (actually the doubt about who's the richest man on history remains a doubt around all the story). Huey, Dewey and Louie tell them about an exposition at Duckburg museum about Croesus. This visit leads our heroes to search for his treasure, as Scrooge himself did 50 years ago. They find the treasure, but due to a rightful ownership by the Turkish locals, all Scrooge keeps is his first coin. Upon learning that a witch named Circe wanted the first coin minted by Croesus for the same reason Magica wants the Number One Dime, Scrooge finds a way to turn this tragedy in a triumph: he gives the coin to Magica. If the spell works, she will no longer try to steal the Number One Dime. Because it doesn't, much to Donald's relief as she tested the amulet on him, Scrooge is now sure he is richer than Croesus once was.

</doc>
<doc id="9695354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695354" title="Riding High (1950 film)">
Riding High (1950 film)

Riding High (1950) is a black and white musical racetrack film featuring Bing Crosby and directed by Frank Capra in which the songs were actually sung as the movie was being filmed instead of the customary lip-synching to previous recordings. The movie is a remake of an earlier Capra film called "Broadway Bill" (1934). While the film is generally a light musical comedy, it has an unexpected tragic turn in its story.
Plot.
Yale grad Dan Brooks is expected to marry wealthy boss J.L. Higgins' daughter Margaret and join the family box-making business. He is far more interested in racing a horse he owns, Broadway Bill.
Doing poorly at work, Dan and his groom Whitey leave town to enter Bill in the Imperial Derby, but first must find money for the entry fee. He and old pal Professor Pettigrew each try to con the other out of a few bucks, then end up singing the Yale school song to get out of a restaurant tab they can't pay.
Maggie's younger sister Alice is secretly in love with Dan, so she offers him some money, pawning her belongings. Whitey is beaten up trying to win some in a craps game, and Broadway Bill is carted away because Dan doesn't pay his feed bill. Dan is jailed, too.
A rich man makes a bet on 100-to-1 shot Bill, leading to false rumors that the horse is a shoo-in. The odds drop fast, but gamblers and a crooked jockey try to make sure their own favorites win the race. Broadway Bill somehow manages to win, but collapses at the finish line and must be put to sleep.
A saddened Dan takes comfort in deciding to buy and race Broadway Bill II. His enthusiasm persuades Alice and even her dad to lend Dan a hand.
Cast.
Oliver Hardy had an unbilled cameo appearance as a gambler at the racetrack.
Production.
Some of the scenes in both "Broadway Bill" and "Riding High" were filmed at the Tanforan racetrack in San Bruno, California. The track burned to the ground in July 1964, just before it was to be demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="9695394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695394" title="Mikulin">
Mikulin

Mikulin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9695397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695397" title="Previtamin D3">
Previtamin D3

Previtamin D3 is an intermediate in the production of vitamin D3.

</doc>
<doc id="9695440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695440" title="Fulladu West">
Fulladu West

Fulladu West is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695443" title="Indian Overseas Congress UK">
Indian Overseas Congress UK

The Indian Overseas Congress UK is an organisation of the Indian diaspora in the UK, which was formed in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9695444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695444" title="Lower Saloum">
Lower Saloum

Lower Saloum is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695446" title="Niamina Dankunku">
Niamina Dankunku

Niamina Dankunku is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695448" title="1951 in Northern Ireland">
1951 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9695452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695452" title="Sven Martin">
Sven Martin

Sven Martin (born 26 November 1976 in Wulfrath, Germany) is a German musician and music producer, better known as musical director and keyboardist of Russian duo t.A.T.u.. Since 2009 he's been working for Lena Katina on the same position.
Biography.
Sven was born on 26 November 1976 in small German town Wulfrath. His father is Klaus Martin and his mother, Monika Martin.
At the age of 8 he learned to play piano, and at 10 he got his first synthesizer. In 1996 he started studying Audio- and Video Engineering at the world renowned Robert Schumann Hochschule in Düsseldorf.
In 1999 he moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in music. In September 2002 he joined t.A.T.u. with Troy Maccubbin. After t.A.T.u. broke up he joined Lena Katina's band. Currently he's living in Los-Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9695489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695489" title="The Tokyo Zodiac Murders">
The Tokyo Zodiac Murders

The Tokyo Zodiac Murders is the debut mystery novel of Soji Shimada, the musician and writer on astrology who is best known as an author of over 100 mystery novels. Besides being Shimada's first novel and a best seller,
it was nominated for the prestigious Edogawa Rampo Award for mystery
novels.
Plot.
The mass of the novel is divided up into several sections. A foreword from the author challenges the readers to try to solve the gruesome mysteries themselves; it claims that every clue necessary will be included in the text, and that the characters will have no unfair advantage over the reader.
The first item is a fictional short story or will which lays out the setting: it is 1936 in the Shōwa period of pre-World War II Japan.
A painter and womanizer named Heikichi Umezawa, who has long been obsessed with astrology and alchemy; he is a wealthy but fairly old man from a respectable family who stills lives in a traditionally run sprawling household. He is finishing up his great cycle of paintings: 12 large paintings, each on one member of the Zodiac. As he works in his private studio on the last one, a portrait of Aries, his head is smashed in with a blunt object. The murder is curious: it took place on a heavily snowing day, and many of the suspects have solid alibis. Further, when discovered, the room is locked and apparently had been locked from inside - leading to a locked room mystery.
When the studio, which is a building to itself, is investigated, a notebook is discovered containing a bizarre lengthy piece of prose, the same will or short story which starts the novel. In it, the narrator, who identifies himself as the same Heikichi who was murdered, describes a long-running battle with mental disease, his diabolism, and his murderous urge to create the perfect woman called "Azoth", which he will do by cutting his 2 daughters, 2 of his 3 stepdaughters and his 2 nieces up and taking a single astrologically significant and aligned piece of her body and combining it with the others (the reason listed for excluding his remaining daughter, Kazue Kanemoto, is that she is not a virgin); each one will be killed with an alchemically-significant metal and buried in a place which produces those metals. He writes that he will carry out his insane plan as soon as he finishes the Aries portrait.
Shortly after the murder of Heikichi, Kazue Kanemoto is discovered with her head bashed in as well.
After that murder, the 6 future victims (Heikichi's remaining daughter, stepdaughters and nieces) and Heikichi's widow travel to Mt. Yahiko to placate Heikichi's spirit. They split up there, and the 6 young women disappear, until their bodies are discovered, buried all over Japan near mines producing the metals listed in the note and mutilated in the listed ways. The murders become a national sensation, but each one remains unsolved for the next 40 years.
The novel is brought up to the present, where a freelance illustrator and avid fan of mysteries, Kazumi Ishioka, is teaching his friend, the brilliant astrologer Kiyoshi Mitarai (who plays the Holmes to Ishioka's Watson) about the Zodiac Murders; Ishioka had been approached by a client who claimed to have new evidence about the murders. The first act (5 chapters and the new evidence) lay out all the needed information about the various suspects and relations, and also includes the text of a secret confession by a policeman involved in the investigation of the murder of Kazue: around the time she had been murdered, he had in fact gone with her to her house and had sex with her. Afterwards, an anonymous letter arrived, which claimed to be from one of the many secret agencies and organizations in pre-war Japan like the Nakano School, and which blackmailed him: for having sex with Kazue, he would become the prime suspect if the police ever heard of it. He would probably be convicted for it; even if he was not imprisoned for her murder, his reputation and family's life would be utterly ruined. In exchange for the letter sender's silence, he would carry out a task for them: take the dead mutilated bodies of six young women to specified places in Japan and bury them as specified.
In Act 2, Ishioka and Mitarai travel to Kyoto to interview surviving people related to the case. Mitarai makes a bet with the boorish son of the blackmailed policeman that he can solve the Zodiac Murders in one week's time.
Act 3 sees a more comprehensive investigation of the environs of Kyoto and the people. In the last page, Mitarai is musing about an old scam in which one used tape to counterfeit paper bills. Abruptly, he is struck by insight and he solves all three cases.
The author follows with a note to the reader, warning that in the subsequent pages the answers would be revealed, and that the reader has the needed information and a valuable hint as to the answer.
Solution.
In Act 4, Mitarai remains coy as to the solution, but takes Ishioka to a polite meeting with the culprit: an old woman who would've been about 23 at the time of the murders. Ishioka concludes that that means the culprit behind all the murders was in fact one of the daughters, but is unable to deduce which one.
The final act see Mitarai gathering together the policeman he made the bet with and a number of other folks. He explains the locked room murder, Kazue's murder, and the Azoth murders: it is possible, if one cuts apart paper money appropriately and then tapes the pieces back together appropriately, to wind up with one more bill than you started with. In the same way, the culprit, Heikichi's daughter from his first marriage, Tokiko (now living under the name of Taeko Sudo), had cut apart the bodies of the other five young women and arranged them in such a way that it only seemed as if there were 6 bodies, when in fact there were 5 - the extra pieces which everyone had assumed would go to building Azoth were in fact all hers. The note too was a forgery intended to mislead and focus attention on Azoth. Taeko was motivated to her elaborate revenge by the extremely poor treatment she received at the hands of her stepmother, stepsisters, and cousins and particularly by the treatment her mother (Heikichi's first wife, Tae) had received: divorced by Heikichi and impoverished, she had to waste her life selling cigarettes on the street. After Mitarai explains everything, the police take the credit and news soon arrives that Taeko had, after her meeting with Mitarai and Ishioka, committed suicide, after sending a letter to Mitarai detailing her exact role in the story.

</doc>
<doc id="9695497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695497" title="The Swarm (novel)">
The Swarm (novel)

The Swarm (German: "Der Schwarm") is a science fiction novel by German author Frank Schätzing. It was first published in Germany and Austria in 2004 and soon became a bestseller.
Plot.
The book follows an ensemble of protagonists who are investigating what first appear to be freak events related to the world's oceans. The book has several sub-plots and will occasionally follow minor unrelated characters to illustrate how events unfold around the globe.
Sigur Johanson, a Norwegian marine biologist working at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim is asked to analyze a new species of marine worms. After several expeditions it becomes clear that the worms, together with bacteria, are destabilizing the methane clathrate in the continental shelf. When the continental slope collapses the subterranean landslide causes a tsunami that hits most of the North Sea's coasts, killing millions and severely damaging the infrastructure in the coastal regions.
At the same time Leon Anawak, a marine scientist who investigates the behavior of whales and works for a whale watching company, makes startling observations in the whales' behavior. In addition, he is called to investigate an incident where whales and sea-borne mussels seemed to have attacked and incapacitated a commercial freighter.
When he returns to his whale watching job, he witnesses how humpback whales and orcas attack the watcher's boats. The whales work together to capsize the boats and then kill the people drifting in the water. A large number of tourists and close colleagues of Anawak are killed.
The events that are witnessed by the protagonists are only part of a worldwide phenomenon. Several other attacks are briefly described in the plot: Swimmers are driven from the coast by sharks and venomous jellyfish. Commercial ships are attacked and sometimes destroyed in a variety of ways. France sees an outbreak of an epidemic that is caused by lobsters contaminated with a highly lethal type of Pfiesteria.
When it becomes clear that all those events are related, an international scientific task force is created under the lead of the United States. The task force is led by Lieutenant General Judith Li, a close friend and adviser to the President; the protagonists become part of it.
While the task force is in session, the attacks on humanity continue: The North American east coast is overrun by Pfiesteria-infested crabs that attack New York City, Washington D.C. and later Boston. The epidemic causes millions of deaths and renders the affected cities uninhabitable. The Gulf Stream has also ceased to exist, an event that may initiate a global climate change that would threaten human civilization.
During a task force meeting, Sigur Johanson finally announces his hypothesis: the phenomena are intentional attacks by an unknown sentient species from the depths of the oceans; he states that this is the only logical conclusion, since the attacks are outside the power of any human agency and cannot be a natural phenomenon. Johanson calls them "yrr", after three letters he typed randomly on his computer. The goal of the yrr is to eliminate the human race, which is devastating the Earth's oceans.
General Li and a small group of scientists take to the sea on the helicopter carrier USS "Independence" in an attempt to find the yrr and make contact with them. They discover that the yrr are single-cell organisms that operate in groups (or swarms, hence the novel's title), controlled by a single hive-mind that may have existed for hundreds of millions of years. The yrr form a collective intelligence and have inheritable memories that are passed on by manipulating parts of their DNA. Individual yrr recognize each other by using a specific pheromone.
The scientists have some success in investigating the yrr and make limited contact. The attacks do not cease, however. Sigur Johanson also finds out that General Li has not been honest with them. One of the scientists has been working on a modified pheromone to eradicate the yrr completely. Johanson disagrees with this approach because the elimination of the yrr may completely destroy the marine ecosystem and thus the human race.
Li, however, is unwilling to accept that dominance over the Earth may not be a God-given birthright of mankind, and the United States in particular. She will rather take the risk than allow the US power to wane. While she gives orders to have Johanson killed, the ship is attacked and crippled by the yrr and a final showdown ensues on the sinking "Independence".
Li races for the ship's midget submarines with two torpedoes containing the modified pheromone. The scientists are trying to stop her and at the same time implement their own plan to save humanity. She is stopped at the last moment by Johanson who gives his own life to detonate the torpedoes and kill Li.
Karen Weaver, a scientific journalist, then manages to get hold of the last surviving submarine and dives into the depth of the oceans. There she releases a dead human pumped full of the yrr's natural pheromone, hoping to trigger an "emotional" response. This works and the yrr cease their attacks on humanity.
The epilogue reveals that a year later, mankind is still recovering from the conflict with the swarm. The knowledge that humans are not the only intelligent lifeform on Earth has plunged most religious groups into chaos, while parts of the world still suffer from the epidemic the yrr sent to destroy the threat to their marine homeland. Humanity now faces the difficult task of rebuilding their society and industry without coming into conflict with the ever-watching superpower under the sea again.
Themes and motives.
While the story unfolds the novel touches various topics, including the destruction and poisoning of the marine ecosystems on earth, the importance of the sea for humanity and the coexistence of different species. The book also remarks on the human inability to thoroughly understand "alien" life; it speculates on the philosophical and religious consequence that the discovery of another sentient species on earth may have.
The novel borrows some ideas from the Gaia Theory. It hits on the notion that mankind's activities have created conditions that begin to affect a delicate equilibrium of biotic and abiotic conditions that have fostered and sustained complex life forms and ecosystems.
Publication history.
"The Swarm" was a number-one-bestseller for eight months in Germany and has been translated into 18 languages. It was lauded by many critics and readers for its accurate representation of marine biology, geology, and geophysics.
Use of real life persons.
Four characters from the novel actually exist and were written into it by Schätzing as thanks for answering his questions on the scientific background: Gerhard Bohrmann and Heiko Sahling are geologists at the University of Bremen, while Erwin Suess is a marine biologist and professor at the University of Kiel. John Ford is a marine biologist in British Columbia and an adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia.
The character of Samantha Crowe is strongly based on SETI director Jill Tarter, who was also the main inspiration for Jodie Foster's character Ellie Arroway in "Contact" (1997).
Claims of plagiarism.
Thomas Orthmann, a German marine biologist and journalist, claims that dozens of passages in "The Swarm" have been lifted word for word from his writings. He is demanding compensation from Schätzing. Schätzing refuses to pay any compensation, but has agreed to acknowledge Dr Orthmann in the next edition of "The Swarm".
Film adaptation.
Hollywood actress and producer Uma Thurman and the German producers Michael Souvignier, Ica Souvignier and Till Grönemeyer 
bought the film rights to "The Swarm" in May 2006. On May 9, 2007, it was announced that a film based on the novel was in the works. Ted Tally has finished writing the screenplay and Dino De Laurentiis was to be one of the prime financial benefactors of the project. The release date is estimated to be 2015.
Boardgame adaptation.
Wolfgang Kramer and Michael Kiesling have designed a board game based on the book, published originally by Kosmos and in English by Z-Man Games. Each player represents a nation competing in attempts to communicate with The Swarm, and the winner is determined as the most successful researcher.

</doc>
<doc id="9695518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695518" title="Niamina East">
Niamina East

Niamina East is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695523" title="Niamina West">
Niamina West

Niamina West is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division in the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695524" title="EJL">
EJL

EJL May refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9695526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695526" title="Niani District">
Niani District

Niani District is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695529" title="Nianija">
Nianija

Nianija is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.
Nanija is a predominantly Pulaar-speaking region of the Gambia.
There are approximately 33 villages in Nianija, the capital of which is Chamen, located at the district's western edge. the chieftaincy has been mostly occupied by members of the Cham clan, the exception being the chieftaincy of Musa Bah of Kaiai village from 2001 to 2005 due to some political issues.But, it eventually went back to the rightful Family (the Chams ), that is the chieftaincy could only be obtained through paternal lineage within the Cham clan. 
The district's only school serving grades 7-9, located in Chamen, was fought for and brought by one chief's son, who was also the headmaster. He played a very important role in the development of that area and the surrounding villages, and continued to help the people of Chamen until his death in 1985. His name was Abdoulie H. Cham, but the people called him Abdoulie Jarra (as it is in the fula community to have your mother's name attached to your name).
Though there are no official statistics to back the claim, Nianija is often said to be the poorest district in the Gambia. It is also the only district through which at least one of the Gambia's main roads does not pass.

</doc>
<doc id="9695533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695533" title="Sami District">
Sami District

Sami District is one of the districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695538" title="Upper Saloum">
Upper Saloum

Upper Saloum is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695548" title="Gustave Maximilien Juste de Croÿ-Solre">
Gustave Maximilien Juste de Croÿ-Solre

Gustave Maximilien Juste de Croÿ-Solre (September 12, 1773 Château de l'Ermitage, near Condé-sur-l'Escaut, Nord - January 1, 1844 Rouen) was a French cardinal, Archbishop of Rouen, and a member of the House of Croy.
Gustave was the son of Anne Emmanuel Ferdinand François, 8th Duke of Croy, and Auguste Friederike Wilhelmine zu Salm-Kyrburg.
He was ordained a priest on 3 November 1797 in Vienna. On 8 August 1817 he was appointed Bishop of Strasbourg by King Louis XVIII of France; the appointment was confirmed by Pope Pius VII on 23 August 1819. He was ordained a bishop on 9 January 1820 at the Church of St. Sulpice in Paris by Jean Charles de Coucy, Archbishop of Reims. He was made a Peer of France in 1822 and became Archbishop of Rouen on 4 July 1823.
In 1824 he assisted King Louis XVIII of France on his death bed and presided over his funeral in the Abbey of Saint-Denis.
On 21 March 1825 he was created a cardinal by Pope Leo XII. He did not receive the red hat until 18 May 1829. Three days later on 21 May 1829 he received the title Cardinal-Priest of Santa Sabina. He participated in the conclaves of 1829 and 1830-1831. He died of gout. His remains are buried in Rouen Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9695549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695549" title="Dancing on the Head of the Serpent">
Dancing on the Head of the Serpent

Dancing on the Head of the Serpent is the fifth studio album, and the sixth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. Unlike their first four studio albums, it was recorded only in English, although there are two different versions. The original version was released in Scandinavia in 1987 on JM Records. In 1988, Refuge Records released a re-recorded and remixed version in the United States, with slightly different artwork. This was the first Jerusalem album to be released on CD.
The general lyrical theme of the album is "war against Satan", but songs such as "Still" focus on forgiveness and restoration.
Album cover controversy.
Several record stores in Scandinavia banned it because of its album cover (painted by Rolf Jansson of Norway).
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson.

</doc>
<doc id="9695550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695550" title="1978–79 British Home Championship">
1978–79 British Home Championship

The 1978-79 British Home Championship was a British Home Nations competition, won by the English football side and notable for seeing marked increases in hooliganism and falling attendance which would result in its cancellation in 1984. The English started well, beating Northern Ireland to match the heavy Welsh victory over Scotland on the same day, which featured a hat trick by John Toshack. Scotland recovered by beating the Irish in their next match while England and Wales played out a goalless draw, leaving three sides theoretically capable of winning the Championship in the final round. Wales could only manage a draw with the Irish and so in the deciding match between England and Scotland, a 1–1 half time score gave the Scots some hope but a strong second half performance from England was rewarded with a deserved 3–1 win. This result gave England the Championship, with Wales in second place. The tournament also saw the introduction of goal difference to separate teams, although it had no effect on the eventual outcome.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:
For the first time, goal difference was used to divide the teams, although it made no difference to the final outcome at this tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9695552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695552" title="Ernest-Antoine Seillière">
Ernest-Antoine Seillière

Ernest-Antoine Seillière de Laborde, born 20 December 1937 in Neuilly-sur-Seine is a French entrepreneur and the heir to the Wendel empire (representing €730 million).
He is a member of "Le Siècle" think tank, an officer of the "Légion d'honneur", and an officer of the "Ordre National du Mérite". Contrary to popular belief, he is not a member of the French nobility and is therefore not a French baron (although his title is said to be authentic but papal).
His great-grandfather, Aimé Seillière (1835–1870) was married to Marie de Laborde (1844–1867) in 1865. His paternal grandfather is the French academician Ernest Seillière.
Career.
He graduated from the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris, studying in law and a former pupil of the École nationale d'administration. Vice President of the CNPF and member of its executive council from 1988 to 1997, President of the economic commission of the CNPF from 1988 to 1994, he became president of Medef (formerly CNPF) from December 1997 to 5 June 2005. He was CEO of Wendel, a holding company for the CGIP, chairman of the Supervisory Board from 2002 to March 2013, Honorary chairman since then. Seillière is close to the Traditionalist Catholics, in particular of the "abbé Laguérie". He is a former member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.
At Medef.
He succeeded Jean Gandois as leader of the CNPF in December 1997, after the dismissal of the appeal for cut in 35 hours by the Socialist government. The union then took a more conservative direction, which was led by Denis Kessler, and changed its name. He retired after seven years as leader. Laurence Parisot succeeded him on 5 July 2005. Since winter 2005, Ernest-Antoine Seillière has been President of UNICE (renamed "BusinessEurope" in Janvier 2007), the federation of Europen business, based in Brussels.
Publications.
In March 2012, he published a book entitled "On n'est pas là pour se faire engueuler..." ("We are not here to be yelled at"), in which he analyzes the financial crisis, based on his experience as head of Medef and BusinessEurope. He also exposes his vision of France and Europe's future and shares some personal memories.

</doc>
<doc id="9695559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695559" title="Netco">
Netco

Netco or NETCO is the name or acronym for several companies.

</doc>
<doc id="9695562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695562" title="Skräddargränd">
Skräddargränd

Skräddargränd (Swedish: "Tailor's Alley") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from Västerlånggatan to Stora Nygatan, it forms a parallel street to Bedoirsgränd and Tyska Brinken.
History.
Named after the location of the tailor's guild on number 2 during the period 1627-1842, part of the building then serving as the tavern "Förgylta Drufvan" ("Gilded Grape") sanctioned by King Gustavus Adolphus, the alley was known as "Bredgränd" ("Wide Alley") in the end of the 15th century, a name shared by several others of the small alleys of the old town, and explained by its slightly larger width compared to the numerous small alleys north of it.

</doc>
<doc id="9695567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695567" title="Tom Allen (comedian)">
Tom Allen (comedian)

Tom Allen is an English stand up comedian actor and writer. 
At the age of 22 Allen won the UK's most prestigious comedy newcomer award So You Think You're Funny in 2005. The same year he won the BBC New Comedy Awards. He performed with fellow So You Think You're Funny winner Tom Wrigglesworth at the 2006 Edinburgh Festival Fringe in the show "Allen & Wrigglesworth".
He has performed at Just For Laughs in Montreal, London’s Soho Theatre, New York’s UCB Theatre and has had his own show at the Edinburgh Fringe for the past three years - 'Tom Allen and Other Short Stories'; 'A Voyage Round My Mother' and 'Women!'
In 2009 he appeared in Channel 4’s weekly TNT Show writing and presenting Dictionary Corner.
He has also co written and recorded 2 series of The Correspondent for BBC Radio 4. In 2009 he made guest appearances on Loose Ends, The Richard Bacon Show, Big Brother’s Big Mouth and Big Brother’s Little Brother.
He took the lead role of young Pip Bin in the BBC Radio Four comedy "Bleak Expectations", which has so far run to five series (2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2012) with Anthony Head and Richard Johnson. 
In 2008 he recorded a radio adaptation of "The Wooden Overcoat" with Julia Davis and David Tennant and written by Mark Gatiss. 
For television he has appeared in BBC’s "Sensitive Skin", "Fear of Fanny", the Frankie Howerd biopic "Rather You Than Me" and the series "The Cut" as well as Channel 4’s "Law of the Playground". Last year he made his own documentary for E4 about identity entitled "Who is Tom Allen?"
Film includes "Colour Me Kubrick" with John Malkovich, "Starter for Ten" with James McAvoy and Mark Gatiss and the film, "Tamara Drewe". 
He trained with the National Youth Theatre performing with the company in London and Manchester in addition to working on outreach projects, films and also forming part of their Company Management Team.
Doctor Who.
Tom portrayed Oliver Harper, the travelling companion of the First Doctor and Steven Taylor during a limited story three-stoty arc in the Big Finish Productions audio dramas.
Oliver Harper was a city trader from 1966. He joined the First Doctor and Steven Taylor, in the audio play "The Perpetual Bond", "The Cold Equations" and "The First Wave". Oliver was the first ongoing companion created for the Companion Chronicles range.

</doc>
<doc id="9695581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695581" title="Solovyovo">
Solovyovo

Solovyovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="9695617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695617" title="Civic List (Montenegro)">
Civic List (Montenegro)

Civic List is a political list of the Civic Party of Montenegro (GPCG), Green Party and various other civic intellectuals that ran on the Montenegrin parliamentary election, 2006. It failed to enter the Parliament of Montenegro, receiving only 0.89% of the votes.

</doc>
<doc id="9695635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695635" title="Jarra Central">
Jarra Central

Jarra Central is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695636" title="Jacques Bompard">
Jacques Bompard

Jacques Bompard (born 24 February 1943 in Montpellier) is a French politician. Bompard is the mayor of Orange, elected in June 1995 and reelected in 2001 and 2008. He was originally a member of the Front National (FN), but left the party in 2005. He joined the Mouvement pour la France (MPF) later the same year. In 2010 he left the MPF, claiming that the party had grown too close to the presidential party UMP. In the 2010 regional elections Bompard associated himself with the Bloc identitaire.
He was elected member of the National Assembly of France between 1986 and 1988 on a National Front (France) list. He was again elected on 17 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9695638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695638" title="Jarra East">
Jarra East

Jarra East is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695641" title="Jarra West">
Jarra West

Jarra West is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695644" title="Appalachian College of Pharmacy">
Appalachian College of Pharmacy

The Appalachian College of Pharmacy (ACP), formerly known as the University of Appalachia College of Pharmacy, is a private pharmacy school located in Oakwood, Virginia. The school was established in 2003, opened its doors to students in August 2005, and offers Virginia's only three-year Doctor of Pharmacy program. ACP's mission is to improve the quality of life for the residents of Central Appalachia through enhanced education, health care, and economic development.
History.
Citing a need to address a higher than normal age adjusted mortality rate (42% higher locally as opposed to the rest of Virginia) and a national pharmacist shortage, local leaders began to explore the possibility of a new pharmacy school in the region. In 2003, spurred by the success of the Appalachian School of Law, the Buchanan County Board of Supervisors commissioned County Attorney Frank Kilgore to start the University of Appalachia College of Pharmacy. The school opened its doors in August 2005, with Edgar R. Gonzalez as president and founding dean, and graduated its first class in May 2008.
In March 2009, the school changed its name from the University of Appalachia College of Pharmacy to the Appalachian College of Pharmacy. This was done in order to facilitate its application for accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), because the previous name did not "accurately represent the singular stand-alone nature of the College’s operations".
ACP, like the Appalachian School of Law, was envisioned to be an economic redevelopment tool. In its short existence, ACP is achieving that goal for the Buchanan County community. For example, as the school opened, 80 apartments were being built down the street. The school is forecast to bring in $20 million per year to the local economy.
Academics.
ACP offers a three-year accelerated Doctor of Pharmacy program (most Doctor of Pharmacy programs last four years). A minimum of 150 credits and 1900 hours of experiential coursework are required for graduation. The majority of experiential coursework occurs during the third year of study, while didactic coursework is held during the first two years.
Accreditation.
ACP was awarded candidate status accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) in June 2007. Such status is granted to schools with students enrolled but have no graduates. ACP became eligible for full accreditation after the first class graduated in May 2008. The school was granted full-accreditation from ACPE in January 2010.
The college was awarded candidate status accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools in June 2010 and full accreditation in Dec 2011, rendering students eligible to apply for Title IV federal financial aid.
Facilities.
The campus, located in Oakwood, Virginia, opened in the fall of 2006 to the second class of students enrolled at ACP. The site was formerly Garden High School, a Civilian Conservation Corps project of 1940, and it features a large lecture hall, a library, laboratories, offices, and a boardroom. The building has of space.
The former secondary campus, known as the Slate Creek Campus, was located four miles (6 km) east of Grundy, Virginia. This facility opened in 2005 to the inaugural class as their primary facility for study, and was consolidated into the Oakwood Campus in June 2009.
In January 2008, construction of additional facilities began at the Garden Campus to consolidate the college onto one campus.
Student life.
Pharmacists in Community Service (PICS) Program.
Each student is required to serve one hundred fifty (150) hours of community service over the three years as a requirement for graduation. Programs fulfilling this requirement are run by community based organizations that work in collaboration with ACP in order to educate local citizens on health issues and work with local leaders studying health problems.
Student organizations.
ACP has eight student organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="9695646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695646" title="Kiang Central">
Kiang Central

Kiang Central is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695649" title="Kiang East">
Kiang East

Kiang East is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695652" title="Kiang West">
Kiang West

Kiang West is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695664" title="Central Baddibu">
Central Baddibu

Central Baddibu is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695668" title="Jokadu">
Jokadu

Jokadu is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia.
Families living in the Jokadu district of the Gambia are amongst the poorest in Africa. A project is underway to build a health clinic in the village of Bakang. The nearest medical help is a 4 hour journey from Bakang by donkey cart. This means there are many fatalities, due to the time lapse before appropriate treatment can be administered. The Jokado District Development Fund is helping to fund the building of a health clinic in the village which will be staffed by young people, who have left the village to gain qualifications. They will return to work and live in their home village.

</doc>
<doc id="9695669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695669" title="Lower Baddibu">
Lower Baddibu

Lower Baddibu is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695671" title="Lower Niumi">
Lower Niumi

Lower Niumi is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695678" title="Upper Baddibu">
Upper Baddibu

Upper Baddibu was one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of The Gambia. Its main town was Farafenni. The North Bank Division is now the Kerewan Local Government Area, and the former Upper Baddibu District is now divided into an Illiasa District and a Sabach Sanjal District.

</doc>
<doc id="9695679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695679" title="Central Islip State Hospital Powerplant">
Central Islip State Hospital Powerplant

The Central Islip State Hospital (CISH) Powerplant was constructed in 1953 by the Titusville Iron Works Co. and The Interboro Co.
It was constructed to meet the rising electrical demands of the expanding psychiatric facility located in Central Islip, New York on Long Island.
The Powerplant utilized 3 large turbine generators driven by steam created in 6 water tube boilers heated by coal, then eventually oil.
Both fuels were delivered by freight train. The steam that spun the generators was then funneled through a system of pipes housed in underground cement corridors to the various buildings on the psychiatric grounds for district heating.
The powerplant was known as Building number 101 and technically referred to as The Powerhouse. It was the last of 3 powerplants constructed on the psychiatric facility grounds and by far, the largest.
In the mid-1970s, a World War II Sherman Tank was discovered buried south of the Powerplant.
As deinstitutionalizing progressed across the United States and commercial powerplants on Long Island emerged, The CISH Powerplant was eventually relegated to the role of 
an electrical distribution hub for externally supplied electricity to the few remaining psychiatric buildings still in use.
In 1996, The Central Islip State Hospital was closed down and the property and buildings were sold to New York Tech.
New York Tech sold off the property on which the CISH Powerplant resided, and in 2006, it was demolished to make room for Condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="9695681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695681" title="Upper Niumi">
Upper Niumi

Upper Niumi is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695688" title="Fulladu East">
Fulladu East

Fulladu East was one of the four districts of the Upper River Division of the Gambia. The Upper River Division is now the Basse Local Government Area, and the former Fulladu East District is now divided into a Basse Fulladu East District, a Jimara District and a Tumana District.

</doc>
<doc id="9695691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695691" title="Kantora District">
Kantora District

Kantora District is one of the four districts of the Upper River Division of the Gambia.
At one point Kantora was a province of the Kabu Empire but it probably had different boundaries then.

</doc>
<doc id="9695693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695693" title="Sandu District">
Sandu District

Sandu District is one of the four districts of the Upper River Division of The Republlic of Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="9695698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695698" title="Wuli District">
Wuli District

Wuli District was one of the four districts of the former Upper River Division of the Gambia. The Upper River Division is now the Basse Local Government Area, and Wuli District is now divided into a Wuli West District and a Wuli East District.

</doc>
<doc id="9695744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695744" title="Audio synchronizer">
Audio synchronizer

An audio synchronizer is a variable audio delay used to correct or maintain audio video sync or timing also known as lip sync error. See for example the specification for audio to video timing given in ATSC Document IS-191. Modern television systems use large amounts of video signal processing such as MPEG preprocessing, encoding and decoding, video synchronization and resolution conversion in pixelated displays. This video processing can cause delays in the video signal ranging from a few microseconds to tens of seconds. If the television program is displayed to the viewer with this video delay the audio video synchronization is wrong, and the video will appear to the viewer after the sound is heard. This effect is commonly referred to as A/V sync or lip sync error and can cause serious problems related to the viewer's enjoyment of the program.
Error correction.
To correct audio video sync problems, the video processing circuitry outputs a DDO (digital delay output) signal, which carries information about the amount of delay the video signal experiences due to the video processing. The audio synchronizer receives the DDO signal and in response delays the audio by an equivalent amount, thereby maintaining proper audio video sync. Modern audio synchronizers operate by digitizing and writing the audio signal into a ring memory, which is most commonly a RAM-based memory having independent read and write ability. At the appropriate delay time (as conveyed by the DDO) after an audio sample (or group of samples) are written into the memory the previously stored audio sample is read from the ring memory. The storage and reading of the audio samples takes place continuously in response to respective memory write and read addresses, which increment by 1 count for every write or read operation. For example an audio sample would be written at address 1, a different sample read from (previously written) address 5, another sample written at address 2, yet another read from 6, write at 3, read from 7 and so on. The delay between writing and reading a particular sample is 4 addresses which, when multiplied by the amount of time it takes to change from one address to the next, gives the total audio delay.
Tracking changes.
Unfortunately, video delays frequently make quick and large changes, for example a jump in delay time from 2 seconds to 6 seconds is possible. To maintain proper audio video sync, the audio delay must track these video delay changes. Changing the audio delay requires changing the difference between the write address and the read address. This change can be accomplished by causing either the write or read address to jump forward or backward, however this jump causes some audio samples to repeat or be lost resulting in an unwanted and annoying pop, click, gap, distortion and/or noise in the audio signal. Some audio synchronizers operate by making repeated, very small jumps that cause unwanted (but less annoying) distortion and noise in the audio signal, rather than pops, gaps and clicks. Other audio synchronizers change delay by changing the speed of the reading of audio from the ring memory. If audio samples are read out of the memory more slowly than they are written, the delay increases. If audio samples are read out faster than they are written the delay decreases. Using variable speed reading prevents pops, clicks, gaps, distortion and noise from being introduced into the audio, but does create unwanted and annoying pitch errors. For example reading faster than writing causes the audio pitch to increase and reading slower than writing causes the pitch to decrease.
Variable speed reading.
Audio synchronizers that use variable speed reading are generally preferred in professional applications. The control of audio delay is generally more accurate and more easily accomplished. Pitch errors in lower performance devices are uncompensated, and kept to a level generally not perceived by the average viewer, by limiting the amount of change of reading speed. Typically the change limit is in the order of 0.2%. Unfortunately this limits the rate of delay change and when large video delay changes occur the slow tracking rate of these uncompensated synchronizers can cause the audio video sync to be off for several seconds or minutes until the audio delay catches up with the video delay. Additionally, listeners with excellent pitch perception may notice and be annoyed by even these small pitch errors.
Pitch correction circuit.
In higher performance audio synchronizers, the rate of delay change is allowed to be much faster, generally in the order of 25%, and the resulting pitch error is corrected with a pitch correction circuit. The pitch correction circuitry is frequently a proprietary design, due to the difficulty in performing correction so the errors are imperceptible to critical listeners. These higher performance audio synchronizers allow the audio delay to track even large and quick video delay changes without generating any artifacts that are perceptible to even critical listeners for most audio program material.
Recent developments.
Recent development in video processing devices permit those devices to sense when a large video delay change will need to be made beforehand and allow that change information to be communicated to the audio synchronizer. The "advanced notice" from the video processing device allows the audio synchronizer to anticipate and take advantage of particular audio material (e.g., periods of relative silence or periods without music) to facilitate making corresponding large audio delay changes that do not risk generating noticeable audio artifacts. Further developments permit handshaking between the video processing device and the audio synchronizer to control when the video delay change is made to optimize the timing of the tracking audio delay change thereby further reducing the risk of generating noticeable audio artifacts and at the same time reducing the risk of mis-synchronization due to rapid video delay changes.

</doc>
<doc id="9695747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695747" title="Akron/Family (album)">
Akron/Family (album)

Akron/Family is the self-titled debut album by Akron/Family, released in 2005. The album was released on Young God Records on March 22 and was produced by the band with Michael Gira, head of the aforementioned record label.
The album is unusual for avoiding the band's more freeform elements. Seth from the group stated in an interview “I think when we made our first record, we had all these different sides to us as a band but we weren’t going to release a double record. I think Michael encouraged us to focus on some of things we’d recorded at home, stuff which tended to be more quiet"
The track listing for the double vinyl version is slightly different from the CD version, with each format having 2 unique tracks.
Track listing.
CD version
Vinyl version
side a
side b
side c
side d

</doc>
<doc id="9695748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695748" title="1950 in Northern Ireland">
1950 in Northern Ireland

Sport.
This was the only year where Ireland didn't participate at the Commonwealth Games. (British Empire Games)

</doc>
<doc id="9695749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695749" title="Melaleuca Field">
Melaleuca Field

Melaleuca Field is a stadium in Idaho Falls, Idaho. It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the Idaho Falls Chukars minor league baseball team. It was built in 2006. It holds 3,400 people and has 8 luxury suites. American Legion and local high school games are also played at the field.
The old stadium that used to sit on the same lot, McDermott Field, was at risk of being closed down in 2005 due to a lack of funding and viewed unsuitable to continue to serve as a public stadium. The City of Idaho Falls began a fund raiser called "Step Up To The Plate" in 2004 in an attempt to save the ballpark, but the funds fell far short of the needed $1.3 Million as the fundraiser approached its deadline. A last minute saving donation of $600,000 by Melaleuca, Inc delivered the day before the fund raising deadline providing the required remaining funds necessary to move forward with the renovation. The city of Idaho Falls renamed the ballpark "Melaleuca Field" as a thank you to Melaleuca for the $600,000 donation that saved the ballpark.
The old McDermott stadium was torn down on October 30, 2006, and the Melaleuca Field Stadium was completed in 2007. The new stadium includes a seating capacity of 3,400, eight luxury boxes, two large concession booths, and a sponsored hot tub on the right field line.
Features.
The grandstand includes 1,200 box seats, 1,459 bench seats with backs, eight custom suites with balcony seating, a large press box, two large concession booths, a souvenir shop and various offices.
The concourse wraps around the playing field with a picnic area on the third base side and a party area with hot tub on the first base side. A separate building next to the field contains two locker rooms and extra storage.

</doc>
<doc id="9695760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695760" title="Toby Ross">
Toby Ross

Toby Ross is an American film director who made gay hardcore films in the 1970s and 80s. Before Ross made feature films he made loops which were shot on silent 8mm or 16mm. His earliest feature films were partially composed of some of his loops with added soundtracks.
Some of his later films were very successful in underground gay film circles. These films include "Do Me Evil", "Cruisin' 57", and "Schoolmates".
His earlier theatrical features were released under Cinema Mirage. In 1980 he started a company called Hornbill Films which he used to release his hard core films onto VHS and in 1995 his regular general audience films some shown in various festivals.
In the early '80s he began making movies on video instead of film.
On October 8, 2008 Canadian film maker and experimental klezmer/hip hop musician Josh Dolgin showed "Cruisin' 57" at the Pop Montreal music festival; the film was accompanied by a live band.
In the winter of 2010 Josh Dolgin released his Film "Socalled The Movie" in which parts of a documentary he made with Ross profiles Toby Ross as one of his influences.
Films.
From XXX to regular motion pictures.
In 2005 s he began making regular comedy films which include "Bowser Makes a Movie", "Get a Life", and "Father Knows...".
In 2007, he and Joe Rubin directed the movie "Live For Sex, Die For Love" which was a departure from Ross' comedies into dark and semi-surreal drama. It was a success.
In the spring of 2008 he started working on a spy thriller called "Moon over Hong Kong", an all male homage to the James Bond genre. "Like a Moth to a Flame" in 2009 has reunited Ross with Rubin and was available on DVD November 30, 2009. One of the trilogies of Moth was shot on 16mm and directed by Joe Rubin. 2011 was the year he released his dark erotic crime documentary "Payton Collins Serial Rapist", the film spent 3 weeks as #1 best seller on www.tla.com and was a success. Payton Collins was nominated as the best gay thriller for 2012 TLA GAYBIES award.
The TLA Debacle.
In 2012 TLA for no apparent reason after enjoying astounding sales for 15 years, dumped Toby Ross and his company from their offerings. Since there was no reason given, it has remained a mystery. In an interview with Chuck Griffith from (http://www.gayeroticvideoindex.com/) he explained that he just didn't fit their mold of "gay business" being a bit of an outsider, TLA felt his films didn't fit their gay propaganda machine. The relationship remained strained.
Father Knows....
"Father Knows..." is a 2007 American film starring Cort Donovan as Brad, who has just completed his memoirs. The film then goes into an extended flashback about Brad's relationship with his childhood friend Ira and the ups and downs which follow. Their romance takes them from Chicago to San Francisco and back and along the way they both learn a lot about life and each other. The film was shot in Chicago, Illinois on digital video.
Homosexual, Toby Ross and the 70s and xxx101.
From 2012 to 2014 Ross made a few documentaries, notably "Toby Ross and the 70's" with an E Book version (much racier than the video) in which the San Francisco era (1971 - 1977) is retold in a new light.

</doc>
<doc id="9695810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695810" title="Waliso">
Waliso

Waliso or Woliso (also known as Ghion, which is also transliterated "Giyon" which was given by emperor Haile Selassie I and this name was no longer used after the fall of his regime as the town has the original name Waliso ) is a town and separate woreda in central Ethiopia. Located in the Debub Mirab Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region, 114km southwest of Addis Ababa, it has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2063 meters above sea level. Waliso is the administrative center of this Zone.
History.
Waliso is derived from the name of Oromo clan. Accordingly, Waliso is the son of Liban, Liiban in Afan Oromo, who had three children: Ammaya or Ammayya in Afan Oromo (the oldest), Waliso (the middle) and Kutaye (the youngest). Liban belongs to Metcha, a bigger Oromo clan. 
The road that ran from Addis Ababa to Waliso was one of the few roads built by the Ethiopian government before the Italian-Abyssinian War; by 1938, the 110 kilometers from Addis Ababa to Waliso had been asphalted, and the 90 kilometers beyond to Abelti gravelled. Two rival "Arbegnoch" operated around Waliso: English: Geresu Duki; Afan Oromo: Garasuu Dhukii and Olika Dingel. Geresu Duki (a former member of the Crown Prince's bodyguard) was in the end the better-known - and the longer-lived - but in his day Olika Dingel, a Welega Oromo, was as legendary.
In 1955 a 40 kW hydro-electric power station was built; by 1965 the installed electrical capacity was 32 kVA and the annual production 64,500 kWh. In 1958, Waliso was one of 27 places in Ethiopia ranked as First Class Township. The Multipurpose Community Telecentre was opened in February 2000, with assistance from the British Council. It was the first of its kind in Ethiopia, and the next one was opened in Debre Berhan almost two years later. That same year, construction of a 150-bed hospital was completed. Launched in 1997 by an Italian organization equipment included surgical, X-ray and laboratory equipment, at a cost of 72 million Birr.
The second largest flower farm in Ethiopia, owned by the Indian company Surya Blossoms, had its official opening in Woliso on 22 June 2009. Present at the opening was Trade and Industry Minister Girma Biru, Indian Ambassador to Ethiopia, Gurjit Sing, Oromia Regional president Abadula Gemeda, and Chairman of Karuturi Global Limited, the parent corporation of Surya Blossoms, Surya Rao.
Waliso town has seven administrative Kebeles. Dej. Geresu Duki Comprehensive Secondary School, Oromia Institute of Water Technology Institute, Ambo University Faculty of Social Science -Waliso Campus and other private institutes and colleges are located in Woliso. 
In Waliso, there is a natural hot-spring water which makes the town among one of the leading tourism heritages in Ethiopia. The town has an amazing view from Meja hill- a volcanic mountain, also Tulluu Majaa in Afan Oromo, situated at the center, one can able to view 360 degree. A crater lake, Wonchi, also Wancii in Afan Oromo, the most beautiful lake in Africa, is only 32 kilometers away from Waliso.
Demographics.
The 2007 national census reported a total population for Waliso of 37,878, of whom 18,880 were men and 18,998 were women. The majority of the inhabitants said they practised Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 63.29% of the population reporting they observed this belief, while 19.06% of the population were Protestant, and 16.36% were Muslim.
The 1994 national census reported this town had a total population of 25,491 of whom 11,899 were males and 13,592 were females. It is the largest town in Waliso and Goro woreda.

</doc>
<doc id="9695829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695829" title="Beryl Rubinstein">
Beryl Rubinstein

Beryl Rubinstein (October 26, 1898 - December 29, 1952) was an American pianist, composer. and teacher. His son is David Rubinstein (social historian).
He married Elsa Landesmann who attended Wellesley College. They were married by Abba Hillel Silver, a leading American Zionist, on 29 December 1925.
Rubinstein was born in Athens, Georgia, where his father Isaac Rubinstein was the rabbi of the Congregation of the Children of Israel. He was a child prodigy on the piano, and made his New York City debut in 1911, with a concert at the Metropolitan Opera House. He then studied piano in Berlin, Germany with Ferruccio Busoni and others, making his debut in New York City in a joint concert with Eugène Ysaÿe in 1916. There followed several American and European tours. He also toured as an assistant pianist for the Duncan Dancers, a troupe headed by Isadora Duncan. In 1921 he joined the music faculty of the Cleveland Institute of Music, serving as the institution's director from 1932 until his death. He wrote an "Outline of Piano Pedagogy" (1929); among the works he composed were two piano concertos, a string quartet, and numerous pieces and studies for piano solo.
After the U.S. entry into World War II, Rubinstein (then 43) enlisted in the U.S. Army with the rank of captain in the Fifth Service Command. He was given the role of coordinating the unit's wartime musical activities. From 1942 to 1944 he traveled 20,000 miles and participated in seventy-five concerts for servicemen in North Africa, Sicily, and Italy. 
After the war Rubinstein returned to Cleveland to resume the directorship of CIM, which expanded greatly over the next decade.
Rubinstein died in Cleveland, Ohio in 1952. He was survived by his wife, a son, and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9695856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695856" title="Michael S. Malone">
Michael S. Malone

Michael Shawn Malone (born 1954) is an American author, columnist, editor, investor, business-man, television producer, and has been the host of several shows on PBS. Currently (2009), Malone is a columnist for ABC News, an op-ed contributor for the Wall Street Journal, a contributing editor to Wired, and the editor-in-chief of "Edgelings.com", a website focused on business and technology news in Silicon Valley.
Malone is the author of numerous books and has written the "Silicon Insider" column for ABC since 2000. In his professional writing he usually uses the name "Michael S. Malone", to distinguish his work from that of another U.S. author named Michael Malone, primarily a writer of fiction.
Early life and education.
Malone was born in the town of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria, Germany. His father was a dyslexic U.S. Air Force officer who later worked as a freelance writer. Malone's family has a history of reporting, with his great-grandfather and his grandmother working in the field. After living in Munich for a time, he grew up in Sunnyvale, California. He graduated from Santa Clara University in 1975, and received his MBA from SCU in 1977.
Professional career.
Malone worked in public relations for Hewlett-Packard Co. before joining the "San Jose Mercury-News" in 1979. During 1980, he joined the "San Jose Mercury News" and became one of the nation's first daily high-tech reporters.
For his work breaking stories on toxic waste, drugs, sweatshops, and espionage, he was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize twice, but he quickly left the "Mercury News" in 1981 and became a freelancer. Malone's work appeared in "The Wall Street Journal", The Mercury News, the "Los Angeles Times", Forbes ASAP, Upside Magazine, Fast Company, "The New York Times", and others under various roles between 1981 and 2001.
He has also written for "the Wall Street Journal" and "the New York Times", is a former editor of "Forbes" ASAP, and has contributed to "Upside" and "Fast Company" magazines. He was also the host of "Malone", an interview series on KTEH, the PBS station in San Jose, California. In 2000 he became the "Silicon Insider" columnist of ABC News' website.
Malone is the author of 15 books, covering the world of business and technology, including "Infinite Loop: How Apple, the World's Most Insanely Great Computer Company, Went Insane" (ISBN 0-385-48684-7), "The Big Score", "The Virtual Corporation" and "Intellectual Capital", "Going Public", "Virtual Selling", and "One Digital Day'. "Going Public" featured Joseph DiNucci.
Notable works and honours.
Of his work for ABC, Malone has written that "Over the near-decade I've had this job, I've probably written five columns that drew major national attention: calling for Dan Rather's firing, declaring the decline of Microsoft, predicting the death of newspapers, naming Matt Drudge the most influential journalist in America and" (alleging liberal) "media bias in the recent" (2008) "presidential election."
In 2004, he was named a Distinguished Friend of Oxford University.
Malone produced the four episode/four hour PBS miniseries "The New Heroes" (2005), with colleague Bob Grove and executive producer David Davis. He also authored liner notes for the accompanying soundtrack CD.
Hosted by Robert Redford, "The New Heroes" was about social entrepreneurship. The series, which aired in primetime, was nominated for an Emmy (27th Annual News & Documentary Emmy Awards) in the category of "Outstanding Achievement in a Craft: Cinematography", but did not win.
Private life.
Malone is a fan of baroque pop–band The Zombies. He also has written about his support of contemporary bands such as Wilco, The Shins, Arcade Fire, The Decemberists, Dashboard Confessional, Bright Eyes, White Stripes, and Lupe Fiasco, calling them "as good—and often better—as the music of... Rock's so-called golden age."
His eldest son is also a professional reporter.
Scouting.
In August 2008, Malone led a group of twenty Boy Scouts and troop leaders from the San Jose, California area on a 56-mile trek on horseback from Fort Reno, Oklahoma to Enid, Oklahoma. Malone said that he wanted to find another unique experience, after having previously taken Scouts in his troop on a 192-mile hike across England.
Quotes.
Malone's stated philosophy on journalism:

</doc>
<doc id="9695865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695865" title="Menatetrenone">
Menatetrenone

Menatetrenone (INN), also known as MK4, is a vitamin K compound used as a hemostatic agent, and also as adjunctive therapy for the pain of osteoporosis. Menatetrenone is one of the nine forms of vitamin K2.
MK4 is produced via conversion of vitamin K1 in the body, in the testes, pancreas and arterial walls. While major questions still surround the biochemical pathway for the transformation of vitamin K1 to MK4, studies demonstrate the conversion is not dependent on gut bacteria, occurring in germ-free rats and in parenterally-administered K1 in rats. In fact, tissues that accumulate high amounts of MK4 have a remarkable capacity to convert up to 90% of the available K1 into MK4.
MK4 is marketed for the osteoporosis indication in Japan by Eisai Co., under the trade name Glakay.

</doc>
<doc id="9695870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695870" title="Elisenvaara">
Elisenvaara

Elisenvaara (; ) is a settlement in Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, and an important station of the Vyborg-Joensuu railroad. The station is also linked by railway to Savonlinna, Finland. The settlement has an approximate population of 686 people.
The settlement grew around the railroad junction, with railroad connections to Vyborg, Sortavala, Lappeenranta and Savonlinna. In 1940, in the Moscow Armistice, Finnish Karelia, along with the Saint Petersburg-Sortavala railroad, was ceded to the Soviet Union. Connections to Lappeenranta and Savonlinna were cut.
The bombing of the Elisenvaara railway station on 20 June 1944, during the final stages of the Continuation War, was the most fatal bombing in Finnish history; over a hundred civilians were killed when the Soviet air bombs hit a train of Karelian evacuees

</doc>
<doc id="9695895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695895" title="Thopputhurai">
Thopputhurai

Thopputhurai is a village on the south eastern coast of Nagapattinam District, Tamil Nadu state, India.
Location.
Thopputhurai is near the East Coast road of Vedaranyam-Nagapattinam, with a radius of approximately 23 km. A majority of people living in Thopputhurai are Muslims and Hindu. 90% of houses have telephone connections in Thopputhurai. India telecommunications is planning to provide Internet services.
Religion in Thopputhurai.
Muslims, Hindus and other religious people live together in relative harmony; this place can be cited as an example of unity among people of different religious backgrounds. In Hindus all caste people live together with unity. The village is home to many temples and mosques.
One of the Grand Mosques is a century old. Support Groups for Hindus and Muslims such as the Hindu Welfare Association (Indhu Narpani Mandram) and the Muslim Jamaath Mandram serves the community. 
Origin.
The name implies that the village has many plantations and harbors. From this village a salt lake mixes with others after running a distance of 4 km. In the early days of the village people used to trade using catamarans to board their goods in to steamers which trade with Malaysia, Singapore, Sri Lanka and other South East Asian countries. The people started calling them MARAKALAYAR and now they are called as MARAIKAYAR. They started trading by way of a barter system. The people take the goods in night by horseback and traded them in the markets in the daytime. These people are called TATHARKAL, as the days passed they are now called as IRAVUTHURKAL. This name doesn't relate to a religion they are called so because of their trade. They are no longer called by that name now. Only few are now doing business, some have become agriculturists and the majority of the people are working in foreign countries.
Education and schools.
People living in Singapore started a sangam for the welfare of people in Thopputhurai and for the unity among people in 1948. The Tamil Sangams are legendary assemblies of Tamil scholars and poets that according to traditional Tamil accounts existed in the remote past. 
People residing in U.A.E. formed an Islamic sangam in 1977 with Dubai as headquarters. The sangam has marked the importance of providing education to women. A community library is already constructed by the sangam. This sangam offers money as an aid to poor during their marriage.
Thopputhurai Government High School Scores 100% success in SSLC Exam. It has English Medium also. The School achieves the success ever year. 
Schools in the village
Mythical history.
Lord Rama on the way to Sri Lanka to recover Sita is believed to have worshipped at the Lord Varadaraja Perumal. It is believed that the old name of Thopputhurai was "Sethu Madhavapuram".

</doc>
<doc id="9695904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695904" title="DVDXpress">
DVDXpress

DVDXpress is a media company that owns and operates a network of over 1000 DVD rental kiosks in supermarket locations in 30 US states, Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom. The company was founded in 2001 by entrepreneurs Greg Meyer and Jason Tanzer as a way to fill the need for a more efficient and cost-effective method to provide DVD rentals in existing retail establishments. DVDXpress was acquired by Coinstar, Inc. in late 2007 and subsequently merged with their Redbox division in 2009.
Locations.
DVDXpress has the majority of its domestic kiosks in A&P, Brookshire Brothers, Lowes, Minyards, Pueblo, K-Mart, Foodland (Hawaii), Haggen, Brown & Cole, Stew Leonards and BI-LO/Bruno's supermarkets. DVDXpress kiosks offer DVD rentals at a price point between $1 and $1.49 per day. Customers can also opt for the monthly subscription option which enables them to rent an unlimited number of DVDs, one at a time, for $12.99 per month. 
In May 2008, DVDXpress launched service in the United Kingdom with installations in Tesco supermarkets in the London and Manchester markets offering DVD rentals for the price of 1.5 GBP per night.
Technology.
The DVDXpress kiosks utilize RFID technology to identify the DVDs that it dispenses and wireless technology to communicate to the Internet. The DVDs are dispensed in their original studio cases from the kiosk. Customers have the ability to browse availability of titles real-time via the company's website and reserve movies to be picked up at the kiosk at a later time.
See also.
Competitors include Redbox.

</doc>
<doc id="9695910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695910" title="United Automobile Services">
United Automobile Services

United Automobile Services or United as it was commonly known, was a major provider of bus services across the North East and North Yorkshire for 80 years or more. Nationalised in 1948, until broken-up and privatised in the late 1980s, the company provided bus services across England's widest geographical area, stretching from Berwick-upon-Tweed on the Scottish border, south to Filey in East Yorkshire.
History.
United was founded in Lowestoft, Suffolk in 1912, with two routes, one in Suffolk and one over 200 miles away between Bishop Auckland and Durham. During the 1920s the company expanded in Norfolk and south Lincolnshire, and in Northumberland, Co. Durham and North Yorkshire. In 1929 control passed to the Tilling Group, the London and North Eastern Railway and B.A.T., and in 1931 the new owners split off the East Anglian operations into a separate company, Eastern Counties Omnibus Company.
United also started East Midland Motor Services. This came about through the desire to expand. One of their managers, W.T. Underwood, was sent to Clowne (near Chesterfield) to set up a bus company in his own name. The Underwoods company later became East Midland.
United was nationalised in 1948, and controlled first by the British Transport Commission, from 1962 by the Transport Holding Company, and in 1969 by the National Bus Company.
The company ran vehicles from their head office in Darlington and garages across their area, including Durham, Hartlepool, Whitby and Peterlee amongst others. Most of those vehicles were Bristols with Gardner engines and ECW bodies, the LH and VR being common vehicles. Another vehicle commonly used was the Leyland National. United were one of only three operators (and the only English operator) to buy the Bristol REMH coach chassis. These 35 vehicles, which had Plaxton Panorama Elite III 49-seat coach bodywork, were delivered between 1971 and 1975.
During the mid-1980s, after deregulation, a huge number of Mercedes-Benz and Dodge S56 minibuses were purchased by United for use on new 'town' services in many areas,some replacing existing United 'big bus' services and others on brand new services which were highly competitive with local authorities existing routes (notably the Darlington and the Hartlepool networks). Most were branded with names such as Roadranger (Darlington), Clipper (Whitby), Hoppa (Hartlepool) and Panther (Peterlee) amongst others. These new minibus routes ran around housing estates to a Hail and Ride system and after some initial controversy,these services proved successful for United, most notably in Darlington where the minibus network was hugely expanded.
To prepare for privatisation, the Northumberland and Scarborough areas were separated off into two new companies, Northumbria Motor Services and Scarborough & District, in 1986, the latter then being transferred to East Yorkshire Motor Services. In 1990, the Cleveland and Middlesbrough operations were renamed Tees & District, with the Stockton depot operating as TMS (Teesside Motor Services). United was purchased by the Caldaire Group, then North East Bus, then Cowie, which was renamed Arriva on 2 April 1998, with North East Bus becoming Arriva North East (with several vehicles, including a batch of nine new Dennis Darts, donning the new livery in late 1997).
In 2002, Optare Delta 4019, still painted in United colours, ran free journeys on a variety of services operated by the company as a celebration of United's 90th anniversary, and also as the 'last United bus', being repainted into Arriva livery immediately after. The 'last United bus' statement was not entirely accurate as there were still some Optare MetroRiders in service in United livery at the time, though bearing 'Darlington Roadranger' fleetnames rather than 'United', as well as several scrap Optare Vectas in United and TMS liveries and a withdrawn Leyland Olympian in Tees livery which was not removed until 2007.
Preserved United vehicles.
There are a number of former United buses which survive in preservation, several of which are owned by the Aycliffe & District Bus Preservation Society, these being Bristol K5G GHN189, Bristol L5G LHN860, Bristol LH NDL769G, and Bristol LS 304GHN. Other preserved United vehicles include Bristol LS Saloons (BU2 and BU250) Bristol L5Gs FHN 833, LHN 823, and HHN 202-in the livery of subsidiary company Durham District Services, 2 AEC Matadors HSK 687 and NGY 380 towing lorries, and one towbus WHA 237H in Tees livery. Bristol VRs WHN 411G (first United VR), APT808W and PAJ 829X (the last United VR), Leyland Nationals XUA73X (in West Yorkshire livery) and EPT 879S, Bristol LHs GUP 907N and AHN 611M, Bristol REs SHN 80L . United's open-top RE PHN 178L also survives but is not preserved. There are many survivors of United vehicles abroad, including up to 6 Bristol Lodekkas, and a few Bristol VRs and Bristol KSWs.

</doc>
<doc id="9695935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695935" title="Michael Hopfes">
Michael Hopfes

Michael Hopfes (born 11 February 1976) is a German former competitive figure skater who competed in men's singles. He competed at five Champions Series/Grand Prix events and placed 21st at the 1997 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9695939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695939" title="Rudepoêma">
Rudepoêma

Rudepoêma (Rude or Savage Poem), is a composition by Heitor Villa-Lobos. It was written from 1921 to 1926 and is the largest and most challenging work Villa-Lobos wrote for the solo piano. It is in one continuous movement and runs about 19–20 minutes. The piece has been described (with license) as "Le Sacre du Printemps meets the Brazilian jungle" (Davis [n.d.]). For the title of this work, as he also did for other compositions, such as "Vidapura" and "Momoprecoce", Villa-Lobos telescoped two words together: "rude", meaning "rude", "coarse", "uncultured", "discourteous", and "poema", "poem" (Slonimsky 1945, 49). "Rudepoêma" was later orchestrated by the composer, and premiered under his baton in Rio de Janeiro on July 15, 1942 (Slonimsky 1945, 148).
The piece was intended as a tonal portrait of the Polish-American pianist Arthur Rubinstein. It is rhapsodic in style and elastic in its structure. It is filled with varied rhythms and dynamic tempo changes which are meant to portray Rubinstein's brilliant and varied personality.
The two main themes of the work are presented at the outset, the first one in the bass register in the left hand, the second answering it in the right hand. Fragments of both themes are clearly audible throughout the composition, which reaches its climax only five bars from the end, with the right hand raining four fortissimo blows on three low notes, C, B, and A (Mariz 1963, 53).

</doc>
<doc id="9695941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695941" title="Norman Conway">
Norman Conway

Norman Conway (born January 11, 1942) is an American politician who represents district 38B in the Maryland House of Delegates. He is chairman of the House Appropriations committee and has been in the Maryland General Assembly since 1987.
Background.
Born in Salisbury, Maryland, January 11, 1942, Delegate Conway graduated from Salisbury State College (now Salisbury University) in 1965 with a B.S. in education. He became an elementary school teacher at Pinehurst School in Salisbury. While teaching he continued his education, earning a Master's degree in education administration. He was promoted to the position of vice-principal, then to principal at Pinehurst. While working at Pinehurst Conway ran for political office, winning a seat on the Salisbury City Council in 1974. He was later elected the council's president by its members and served in this position from 1982 to 1987.
In the Legislature.
Conway was vice-chairman of the Appropriations committee when his chairman and mentor, Howard "Pete" Rawlings died and Speaker Michael E. Busch named Conway chairman of the House's most powerful committee. As Appropriations chairman, he oversees the state's 30 billion dollar budget and is also a member of the Spending Affordability Committee, the Rules and Executive Nominations Committee, and the Legislative Policy Committee. Prior to joining the Appropriations committee in 1991 he was a member of the House Ways and Means Committee.
Legislative notes.
For the past four years, Delegate Conway has annually voted to support classroom teachers, public schools, police and hospitals in Wicomico and Worcester Counties. Since 2002, funding to schools across the State has increased 82%, resulting in Maryland being ranked top in the nation for K-12 education.

</doc>
<doc id="9695947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695947" title="1949 in Northern Ireland">
1949 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9695957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695957" title="Silver lamprey">
Silver lamprey

The silver lamprey, or Ichthyomyzon unicuspis, is a lamprey commonly found in the Northern and Central United States, as well as a large part of southern Canada. Its binomial name means "fish to suck" in Greek and "one point" in Latin. The silver lamprey is a member of the Class Agnatha, sometimes referred to as cyclostomes (round-mouths). Other common names include: Bloodsucker, Blue Lamprey, Hitch-hiker, Lamper, Lamprey Eel. The silver lamprey should not to be confused with the sea lamprey ("Petromyzon marinus"), which has caused considerable damage to native fish populations in the Great Lakes region. 
Range/Distribution.
The silver lamprey is commonly found along the Great Lakes and in the Mississippi River and Ohio River and their tributaries from Minnesota to Nebraska, Tennessee, and West Virginia. There have also been a small number of isolated encounters around the Hudson Bay and in the Mississippi River in Mississippi.
Identification.
The silver lamprey is an eel-like fish with an attenuate body composed of 49–52 clearly defined segments (i.e. myomeres, between the last gill slit and the anus). Silver lampreys possess a cartilaginous skeleton, and adults generally grow to a length of 12 inches and are silvery or bluish in color when spawning. Prior to spawning adults are often a dull brown or tan color. The dorsal fin is continuous, though it may be notched. The mouth is a jawless, sucking disc, with unicuspid teeth arranged in circular rows and is in the inferior position. When expanded, the mouth is wider than the lamprey's body. The lamprey's gills are arranged in a straight line immediately behind the eye, and a single nostril is located between the eyes. Larvae are a brown to tan all over have no eyes (instead they have eyespots) and are called ammocoetes. They also have seven gill openings and do not have any paired fins, they have only a long continuous fin runs from the dorsal to the ventral side. Ammocoetes also have no teeth and instead have an oral hood which houses skin extensions that help them filter particles out of the water as they draw it into their oral cavity.
Habitat.
Adult silver lampreys prefer the clear waters of large streams, rivers, and lakes. Adults migrate to nest in flowing water that has stoney or gravelly bottom material. When they hatch, the larvae move to slowly flowing areas initially with thick organic layers. As they grow in size , they begin to migrate to sandy environments where they will reside until they reach metamorphosis.
Diet.
Adult silver lampreys are parasitic, feeding on the blood of other fishes. Most non-parasitic lamprey feed only as larvae, then die. Silver lampreys use their oral discs to attach to their hosts, then cut through the skin and scales with their teeth. The lamprey will remain attached to the host over a long period of time, but they seldom kill their host (which have coevolved with these lampreys). Adults feed on a variety of fishes, including trout, Whitefish, Smelt, Pike, White Sucker, Brown Bullhead, Rock Bass, Walleye, and the armored Lake Sturgeon. The silver lamprey's larval young feed on drifting plankton, algae, and detritus.
Reproduction and life cycle.
Adult silver lampreys move upstream to spawn in May and June, when the water temperature reaches 50 °F. Using their mouths to move sand and gravel, they dig a nest in the stream bed. Once the nest is completed, the female attaches herself to a rock and the male attaches to her head, wrapping his tail around hers to bring the genitals close together. Eggs and sperm are released, then the pair separates. Once spawning is completed and the eggs are deposited in the nest, the adults die. Upon hatching, the larvae (called ammocoetes) are blind, toothless, and provided with a fine-mesh tissue sieve. They drift downstream and burrow in the sand, mud, and organic material for 4–7 years. During this time, the ammocoetes feed mostly on detritus and algae. When they are approximately four to five inches long, the ammocoetes metamorphose into parasitic adults and migrate downstream to search for hosts. After one to two years feeding as a parasite, adult silver lampreys move upstream to spawn and die.

</doc>
<doc id="9695965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695965" title="Matthew H. Smith">
Matthew H. Smith

Matthew Hayden "Matt" Smith (born September 19, 1972 in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. From 2007 to 2012, he served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. In 2012, he was elected to the State Senate from the 37th district.
Smith is the son of James and Janice Smith who also were born and raised in the Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania. Smith is a graduate of Rollins College at Winter Park, Florida with a degree in history. He graduated from the Duquesne University School of Law with honors in 1999. He lives in Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania with his wife, Eileen Smith. Prior to elective office, Smith worked for Babst, Calland, Clements and Zomnir, P.C.
Smith was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 2006, defeating 21-year-old Republican Mark Harris, who had defeated incumbent Tom Stevenson in the Republican primary.
Smith was elected to the Pennsylvania State Senate in 2012, defeating Republican opponent Dakshinamuthy Raja. Raja spent $5 million on his campaign, while Smith spent only $1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9695979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695979" title="Marik language">
Marik language

Marik, or Ham, is an Austronesian language spoken by 3,500 people in 10 villages around the Gogol River, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9695990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695990" title="Loel E. Bennett Stadium">
Loel E. Bennett Stadium

Loel E. Bennett Stadium is a stadium in Winchester, Tennessee. It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of Tennessee T's of the All-American Association as well as the Tennessee Tomahawks of the Heartland League and Big South Leagues. The ballpark has a capacity of 2,500 people and opened in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9695994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9695994" title="Charlotte Champe Stearns">
Charlotte Champe Stearns

Charlotte Champe Stearns (1843–1929), was a school teacher, poet, social worker, and the mother of T. S. Eliot.
Early life and education.
Charlotte was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She was born the second daughter and second of nine children of Charlotte and Thomas Stearns. Her father was a merchant who attempted living in different cities, before he settled down as a merchant partner in the trading firm of Stearns & Bailey in Boston, Massachusetts. Charlotte attended private school and graduated from the advance class of the State Normal School of Framingham, Massachusetts in 1862. She was employed as a teacher at a private school in West Chester, Pennsylvania. Her teaching career led her to Pennsylvania, Milwaukee, Antioch College, back to Framingham and to the St. Louis Normal School in St. Louis, Missouri.
Married life.
Stearns married Henry Ware Eliot (1843 – 1919) on October 27, 1868, in Lexington, Massachusetts. They returned to Eliot's home city of Saint Louis, Missouri where they worked and reared their family. They had five daughters and two sons: Ada (Eliot) Sheffield, born in 1869; Margaret Dawes Eliot, born in 1871; Charlotte (Eliot) Smith, born in 1874; Marian Cushing Eliot, born in 1877; Henry Ware Eliot, Jr., born in 1879; Theodora Sterling Eliot, born in 1885 but died in infancy, and Thomas Stearns Eliot, born in 1888. Charlotte's youngest child inherited his mother's literary skills and became the poet known as T. S. Eliot. In the 1870s when her husband was in bankruptcy Charlotte taught school at the nearby Mary Institute
Work and Actions.
Charlotte was a writer of poems. Many of her poems appeared in religious periodicals. A collection of her poems, "Easter Songs", was published in 1899. She was interested in the dramatization of events from medieval and Renaissance history that reflected the struggles of men who died for their faith. Charlotte's tone in her poetry was that of a dignified passion.
She also wrote a biography of her father-in-law, William Greenleaf Eliot, a Unitarian minister and leading citizen of St. Louis.
Death.
Charlotte left St. Louis and moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts after the death of her husband in 1919. Charlotte died in Cambridge in 1929 at eighty-sixty of a cerebral thrombosis. After her cremation, her ashes were buried next to her husband's plot in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="9696015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696015" title="John Bevan">
John Bevan

John Bevan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9696018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696018" title="Khiytola">
Khiytola

Khiytola (; ) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia.
History.
The Finnish name of the settlement (Hiitola) derives from "Hiisi", the name of a forest spirit in the Karelian-Finnish mythology.
Before the Winter War it was a municipality of the Viipuri Province of Finland.
Transportation.
Khiytola railway station is a railway junction of the Vyborg–Joensuu and St. Petersburg–Khiytola railways. It has direct suburban connections with Vyborg, Sortavala, and Kuznechnoye. A long-distance train between St. Petersburg and Kostomuksha calls at Khiytola every second day.

</doc>
<doc id="9696053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696053" title="Mueang Phatthalung District">
Mueang Phatthalung District

Mueang Phatthalung () is the capital district ("Amphoe Mueang") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Khao Chaison, Kong Ra, Srinagarindra, and Khuan Khanun of Phatthalung Province, and Ranot and Krasae Sin of Songkhla Province.
The eastern part of the district is at the shore of the Thale Luang, the northern part of the Songkhla Lake.
History.
The district Klang Mueang (กลางเมือง) was one of the three original districts established in 1896. In 1917 it was renamed to Lampam (ลำปำ), following the name of the "tambon" containing the district administration. The administration was moved to "tambon" Khuha Sawan in 1924. 1938 the district was finally renamed to Mueang Phatthalung.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 14 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 144 villages ("muban"). The town ("thesaban mueang") Phatthalung covers the whole "tambon" Khuhu Sawan, and small parts of the "tambon" Khao Chiak, Tha Miram, Prang Mu, Lampam, Tamnan and Khuan Maphrao. There are further 13 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Srinagarindra district.

</doc>
<doc id="9696065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696065" title="Fender Blues Junior">
Fender Blues Junior

The Blues Junior is a tube guitar amplifier introduced in 1995 by the Fender company. It is aimed at achieving the warm, tube-driven tone common in many styles of American blues and blues rock dating back to the 1950s, while remaining both portable and affordable. Fender frequently releases limited editions of the Blues Junior. All have the same electronic components The Fender Blues Junior was introduced after the Fender Pro Junior, but has entirely different circuitry other than EL84 output tubes rated at 15 watts.
Varying editions.
Like many Fender amplifiers (particularly in the Hot Rod series), many limited edition versions of the Blues Junior have been manufactured since its introduction in 1995. The original circuit board underwent a major redesign in 2001, when production moved from the US to Mexico. The earlier circuit boards are green in color and are noted for a "darker," more bass-inflected tone. Many green board models have excessive noise in the reverb circuit, as the signal is inserted into the reverb after the master volume. The later circuit boards are cream or tan colored and sound "brighter" or more treble-oriented, with the reverb situated before the Master volume.
Lacquered Tweed editions, as the name implies, feature a cabinet upholstered with a lacquered tweed fabric. Some of these have been artificially aged from the factory and are known as Lacquered Tweed "Relic" editions. The "Blonde" and "Brown Tolex" Blues Juniors feature traditional Fender Tolex upholstery in their respective colors, while the Sunburst Ash edition features an ash cabinet with a sunburst stain. One edition was issued with a forest green colored cabinet, had a United States flag on the cloth speaker grille, and had United States Air Force markings detailed on the cabinet in yellow.
The standard Blues Junior is dressed like a traditional black Fender amplifier, with black Tolex upholstery and a silver cloth speaker grille.
Although they differ in their external visual aesthetic, all variants of the Blues Junior for a given year are produced with the same electronics, apart from the speaker/driver. Limited editions may use varying driver models, such as the Jensen C12N found in the NOS Lacquered Tweed Blues Junior or the Jensen P12R found in the Relic edition. Fender does not always include these limited edition versions in their updated catalogs (or on their website) either because too few were produced (only a few hundred in some cases) or perhaps because of exclusive retailer agreements.
Blues Junior Revision History.
Fender introduced the Blues Junior in 1995 and has revised and updated the amp periodically since then. The Blues Junior history can be divided into two major categories: the early amps with green circuit boards and the later ones with cream-colored boards. The switch to the cream-colored boards reflects the change in where the amps were manufactured, from USA to Mexico. The cream-colored board is laid out entirely differently from the green board. The biggest change is the reworked reverb circuit. The older amps tend to sound darker, while the new ones are brighter with more emphasis on treble tones. 
The table Below details the revision dates and the changes made on those dates.
Dating a Blues Junior.
Fender adopted a two-letter dating code in 1990. The code can be found on the Quality Assurance label located inside the cabinet. The label is often located on the bottom next to the reverb tank, sometimes it is placed on the side. The codes can be handwritten, which can occasionally make the letters hard to decipher.
Fender discontinued date codes in 2003. There is no reliable way to date 2003-2005 amps other than to ask Fender customer support to look up the date from the serial number. 2006 amps have a small metal "Fender 60th Anniversary" button on the back plate. 2007 amps are undistinguished.
Blues Junior III.
In 2010 Fender updated their line of hot rod model amps and released the "Blues Junior III," adding many physical changes to the standard black tolex model. Notable differences include the Fender "lightning bolt" speaker, "sparkle" circuit modification, rattle-reducing shock absorbers, set-screw "chicken head" knobs, "dog bone" handle, larger Fender jewel light, black non-reflective control panel, and "Blues Junior" subtext on the logo plate.
Tube complement and bias setting.
A set of three matched Groove Tubes 12AX7 preamp tubes and two matched Groove Tubes EL84 power tubes, graded according to Fender's specifications, are used in all factory Blues Juniors. The Blues Junior uses a "fixed" fixed-power tube bias (no way to vary the bias point), but it's pretty "hot" and can accommodate most matched pairs you can buy.
Most pairs wont last though -they run hot- so a common mod is to add a bias trim to be able to adjust the idle current when switching tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="9696069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696069" title="Handsworth and Smethwick railway station">
Handsworth and Smethwick railway station

Handsworth & Smethwick was an intermediate station on the Great Western Railway's London (Paddington) to Birkenhead via Birmingham (Snow Hill) line. It was opened in 1854.
The station's architecture was reminiscent of that of other stations and was almost exactly the same as Wednesbury and West Bromwich stations.
The station closed in 1972 with the line and much of the site was demolished.
Site Today.
In 1999, Handsworth Booth Street tram stop was opened on the site of the station, as part of the Midland Metro line. The only signs of the original building are the station toilets, whose doorways are blocked up, on Booth Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9696102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696102" title="Slottskajen">
Slottskajen

Slottskajen (Swedish: "Palace Quay") is a quay and a street in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.
Named after its location north of the Royal Palace, it stretches west from Skeppsbron and Strömbron to the square Mynttorget, overlooked by Lejonbacken, the ramps leading to the palace's northern entrance, and, passing along the canal Stallkanalen, is connected to the island Helgeandsholmen with The Riksdag by the bridge Norrbro.
The present name was made official in 1921, substituting the original proposal "Slottsstranden" ("Palace Shore").
Behind the five metres thick walls of the palace's northern wing, dating from the 13th century, is the Tre Kronor Museum, exhibiting objects from and models of the Tre Kronor Palace, destroyed by fire in 1697.

</doc>
<doc id="9696152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696152" title="A Song of the High Hills">
A Song of the High Hills

A Song of the High Hills is a work for tenor, soprano, chorus and orchestra by Frederick Delius. Composed in 1911, it was first performed under the direction of Albert Coates, at the Queen's Hall in London on February 26, 1920. That was a concert of the Royal Philharmonic Society with soloists Maud Willby and Norman Stone, with the newly formed Philharmonic Choir under the direction of its founder Charles Kennedy Scott making its first public appearance. The piece is symphonic, and uses the chorus mainly as a wordless background. Delius explained that I have tried to express the joy and rapture felt in the High Mountains and to depict the lonely melancholy of the highest altitudes of the wide expanses. The vocal parts typify Man in Nature.
Sir Thomas Beecham described this as one of Delius's major works,('on an heroic scale, and the inspiration is on an exalted level throughout') and a transitional work, in which Delius moved away from the human sensibilities described in such works as Sea Drift towards a 'certain austerity of manner', attaining 'a magical sequence of sounds and echoes, both vocal and instrumental, all culminating in a great outburst of tone that seems to flood the entire landscape.' '...we have hitherto unfamiliar elements of austerity and impersonality, as if the composer had grown tired of interpreting the joys and sorrows of human beings and had turned to the contemplation of nature only.'
Beecham recorded the work on 22 November 1946 with Freda Hart (soprano) and Leslie Jones (tenor), the Luton Choral Society and Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in a form which reached publication on 78 and 33 rpm records.

</doc>
<doc id="9696163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696163" title="Yamaha Pacifica">
Yamaha Pacifica

Yamaha Pacifica is the name of a series of electric guitars manufactured by Yamaha. The line was originally designed in Yamaha's California custom-shop by Rich Lasner, working with guitar builder Leo Knapp. Initially intended by Lasner and Knapp as a test project, Yamaha Japan chose to produce the instruments.
Many variants of the Pacifica have been produced since the 1990s, including models styled like the Fender Stratocaster and Telecaster, twelve string models, carved-top and set-neck versions.
Models.
Pacificas all have one of two basic body shapes: a Stratocaster inspired double cutaway shape, or a Telecaster-like single cutaway. Apart from these similarities, the models vary in materials, hardware, and electronics. As of December 2009, there were currently 5 models in production.
The best-selling and most recognisable models are the entry-level PAC012 and PAC112. The 112 has a solid Alder body and has always been available with a clear varnish finish, showing the grain of the wood. At the time of the original launch this was intended to contrast with some of Fender's budget models, which then used cheap plywood for the body.
The early PAC1412 and PAC1421 models had set necks and carved tops with Floyd Rose locking vibrato bridges. These guitars were ultimately too costly to produce and hence too expensive for Yamaha's market.
Other variations include the twelve-string PAC303 12, and the reversed headstock PAC721R.
The high-end PAC1511MS, for example, has a solid swamp ash body, with a Seymour Duncan humbucker neck pickup, and a Seymour Duncan "hot-rails" humbucker pickup in the bridge position, and a non-vibrato bridge with strings passing through the body. In contrast, the entry level PAC012 has one Yamaha humbucker and two single coil pickups, an agathis body and a Strat-style vibrato bridge. 
At the 2011 Frankfurt Musikmesse Yamaha announced the 611HFM, 510V and 311H models and the reintroduction of the 120H.
The 120H is similar to the 112V, but features a hardtail, instead of a tremolo bridge, and a pair of humbucker pickups.
Endorsers of the Pacifica guitars include Michael Lee Firkins and Mike Stern.The Mike Stern signature guitar is the PAC1511MS. Another model often falsely presented as a Mike stern guitar is the PAC311MS. Both are Telecaster-style guitars similar in shape, but in the case of the PAC311MS controls are slanted rather than on a chrome plate parallel to the strings and the M stands for Maple (neck) and the S for Singlecut as there also was a PAC311S with a rosewood neck. While the production of the 311MS and 311S lasted only a couple of years at the beginning of the Ninetees, the 1511MS has remained in production. The PAC1511MS has a distinctive wood-grain finish, higher quality electronics and much higher specification and is therefore much more expensive.

</doc>
<doc id="9696188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696188" title="Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky">
Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky

Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky is an outdoor exhibit by Chris Drury located in the museum park of the North Carolina Museum of Art.
The chamber itself is a round building built of stone, wood, and turf with a single door to admit the viewer. It is light-tight when its door is closed, except for one small, round opening in its roof which allows the building to act as a camera obscura. Images of the sun, clouds, and trees are projected onto the smooth white walls of the interior of the chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="9696206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696206" title="T 641/00">
T 641/00

T 641/00, also known as Two identities/COMVIK, is a decision of a Technical Board of Appeal of the European Patent Office (EPO), issued on September 26, 2002. It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent Convention (EPC). More generally, it is a significant decision regarding the patentability of business methods and computer-implemented inventions under the EPC.
The Board in T 641/00 held that:
Non-technical aspects of an invention must be treated as constraints in the formulation of the objective technical problem in the context of the problem-solution approach, the approach which is generally applied by the EPO for assessing whether an invention involves an inventive step.
Background.
European patent was granted on March 5, 1997, and related to a digital mobile telephone system using of a single-user multi-identity IC card (multi-identity SIM card). The patent was opposed and was revoked on lack of inventive step by the Opposition Division. The patent proprietor, Comvik GSM AB, appealed the revocation decision.
Reasoning.
The Board based its reasoning on the "problem-solution approach" "according to which an invention is to be understood as a solution to a technical problem". The "problem-solution approach" comprises and requires the following steps:
If no technical problem can be derived from the application, then an invention within the meaning of does not exist, and the claimed subject-matter is not patentable. Where a feature in the claim cannot be considered as contributing to the solution of any technical problem by providing a technical effect it has no significance for the purpose of assessing inventive step.
"the claim refers to an aim to be achieved in a nontechnical field, this aim may legitimately appear in the formulation of the [objective technical problem as part of the framework of the technical problem that is to be solved, in particular as a constraint that has to be met." The technical professional or skilled person would, in a realistic situation, receive knowledge of the features which do not as such make a contribution to the technical character of the invention (the non-technical features) as part of the task information given to him (the objective technical problem). In other words, it is permissible to include non-technical features into the formulation of the technical problem, so that they cannot support a finding of inventive step.
"The skilled person an expert in a technical field. If the technical problem is concerned with a computer implementation of a business, actuarial or accountancy system, the skilled person [is someone skilled in data processing, and not merely a business man, actuary or accountant."
Based on this reasoning, the Board considered that the invention as claimed in the patent did not meet the requirement of inventive step and upheld the opposition decision to revoke the patent.
Interpretation.
On June 2, 2006, the Board in decision T 928/03 ("Video game/KONAMI") interpreted the Comvik decision. It held that applying the approach of T 641/00 in a fair manner, i.e. treating non-technical aspects as constraints in the formulation of the technical problem, must bear in mind its purpose: on the one hand, the approach is to make sure that non-technical aspects do not support a finding of inventiveness; on the other hand, actual contributions to the technical character by any feature of an invention must be taken into account when assessing inventive step.

</doc>
<doc id="9696211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696211" title="Revenge Is Sweet, and So Are You">
Revenge Is Sweet, and So Are You

Revenge Is Sweet, and So Are You is the seventh album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1997 by Lookout! Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9696219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696219" title="John Bevan (rugby union)">
John Bevan (rugby union)

John David Bevan (12 March 1948–5 June 1986) was a Welsh international Rugby Union player, one of two John Bevans who played for Wales during the 1970s.
Bevan was born in Neath. He played for Aberavon RFC, the British Lions and The Barbarians.
Bevan formed a formidable club half back partnership with Clive Shell. He was a player who was able to get the most out of players playing outside of him due to his natural ability. During his playing career he rivalled Phil Bennett for the Welsh No 10 position. Bennett originally held the place but the club performances of Bevan put him in the ascendancy during the 1974-5 season.
A fly half, capped four times for Wales, he won his first cap against France in Paris in January 1975, following a sound performance playing for The Barbarians in the drawn game (12-12) against the touring All Blacks at Twickenham the previous month. During the Paris test, he was one of five Welsh players making their debut (Trevor Evans, Graham Price, Ray Gravell and Steve Fenwick being the others. Wales won for the first time in Paris for many years by 25–12pts with Bevan producing a remarkable try saving tackle.
England were the next opponents for the unchanged Welsh and were hammered 20–4 at Cardiff Arms Park. Next up were Scotland at Murrayfield where Bevan sustained a dislocated shoulder. He was replaced by Bennett and Wales lost the match 12–10. Bevan’s season was over.
In the 1975-6 season Bevan won his place back and was selected to face the touring Wallabies in Cardiff. His ability to make space for others resulted in Wales winning the fixture 28-3. JJ Williams, scoring three tries.
Bevan was picked for the first Four Nations international against England, with the young David Richards on the bench, remarkably at the expense of Bennett who was omitted from the squad. In a twist of fate, both Bevan and Richards obtained injuries and Bennett was recalled. Wales beat England and went on to win the Grand Slam. Bevan never played for his country again.
Bevan, a schoolteacher at Dyffryn Comprehensive at Port Talbot toured New Zealand with the British Lions on their 1977 tour but did not play in any of the internationals against the All Blacks, although, due to a dip in form of the tour captain Phil Bennett, many thought he should have been picked for the final test. Bevan was one of three Aberavon players to make the 1977 tour, Allan Martin lock and Clive Williams prop being the others.
After his playing career was cut short by his shoulder injury, he coached Aberavon RFC and then the Wales national side from 1982 to 1985. He was forced to retire on the grounds of ill health.
Bevan was also a fine cricketer, an opening batsmen he played for and captained Neath Cricket Club and represented his country.
He died of cancer aged thirty-eight in 1986, survived by his wife Judith, a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9696223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696223" title="10 Years After (album)">
10 Years After (album)

10 Years After is the first compilation album, and the seventh album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1988. The collection focused solely on their English output; there was no corresponding Swedish collection. On LP and cassette, it was released as a double album. The CD version dropped some of the songs to fit onto one disc. Some pressings had a previously unreleased song, "Covered by Blood".

</doc>
<doc id="9696225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696225" title="1948 in Northern Ireland">
1948 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9696251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696251" title="Zaytsevo, Leningrad Oblast">
Zaytsevo, Leningrad Oblast

Zaytsevo () is a village in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia. Before the Continuation War, the village was called Inkilä (). The station of the Vyborg–Joensuu railroad situated in Zaytsevo is called Inkilya ().

</doc>
<doc id="9696254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696254" title="HMS Chelmsford">
HMS Chelmsford

HMS "Chelmsford" was a Racecourse class minesweeper of the Royal Navy built in 1916. The Racecourse Class (also called the Ascot Class) comprised 32 paddlewheel coastal minesweeping sloops. It was named after Chelmsford in Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="9696257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696257" title="Theuns Jordaan">
Theuns Jordaan

Theuns Jordaan is a South African singer and songwriter born on 10 January 1971. His first career moves had him spend long nights at restaurants in the area around the University of Stellenbosch, a university in the Western Cape Province, where he had been studying industrial psychology. His first performance was on 21 October 1992 at a local bar called Upstairs. Having had immersed himself in the local music scene, Theuns started composing his own lyrics, which resulted in five songs in his debut album, "Vreemde Stad". 
After he completed his studies, Theuns spent a year as an entrepreneur. In October 1998, he moved from the Cape to Gauteng - specifically Pretoria. After gaining popularity in the city, he recorded his debut album, Vreemde Stad, in Stellenbosch. This album was released in 2000 at an arts festival, the "Klein Karoo Nasionale Kunstefees". EMI released "Vreemde Stad" shortly after this and the album surpassed triple platinum status (150 000 copies) in July 2003. 
He launched his second album, "Tjailatyd" at the "Aardklop" music festival in 2002, which also sold more than 150, 000 records. The South African guitar player, Anton L'Amour, performed with Theuns and was responsible for all the guitar tracks in "Vreemde Stad" and "Tjailatyd".
Music.
Theuns Jordaan's singing is characterized by his deeply emotive bass voice. His music has been said to be "faintly bluesly, radio-friendly", with his lyrics "infused with a mournful love of South Africa".

</doc>
