<doc id="9633812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633812" title="Birth of an Age">
Birth of an Age

Birth of an Age is the second third of the Christ Clone Trilogy, by James BeauSeigneur. This book primarily chronicles the Trumpet Judgements as foretold in the Book of Revelation. Other biblical prophecies from the Book of Revelation and the Book of Daniel are depicted.
As with the first and third book in this trilogy, many footnotes are used from various sources. These sources include not only the bible, but also sources that were used as the author performed research and analysis to ensure scientific accuracy in the depiction of fictional events.
Plot.
"Birth of an Age" starts after "In His Image". The world is still grieving the loss caused by the China-India-Pakistan War. Christopher Goodman, the Alternate member of the United Nations Security Council for the European States assumes the Primary membership from Albert Moore who was responsible for the war. The United Nations sets out to provide aid to the survivors of the war. Two men, Saul Cohen and John the Apostle, leaders of a radical cult called the Koum Damar Patar (KDP), give prophecies of plagues. Only Christopher Goodman and his close advisors, Decker Hawthorne and Robert Milner acknowledge the prophecies. Plagues arrive and John and Cohen speaking prophecies about the plagues, quickly gain the world's attention. They become despised, being recognized as the harbingers of destruction, and they are blamed for the plagues.
Three asteroids are discovered, one of which is on a collision course with earth. The UN launches a series of nuclear missiles at the asteroid in order to deflect or destroy the asteroid. The other two asteroids shift trajectories to a collision course with earth. The first asteroid passes through earth's atmosphere almost parallel to the ground, but close enough to cause incredible amounts of damage due to the force of the shock wave it makes, creating damage from Northern Alaska, in a southeastern curve through Canada, the United States, Mexico, Central America, Columbia and Brazil. Its entrance and exit to and from the atmosphere siphons off a huge amount of ozone, which allows the ultraviolet rays from the sun to destroy crops and causes worldwide famine. The second asteroid directly collides with earth, striking in the Philippine Basin of the Pacific Ocean and causing seizmic upheaval. The asteroid's explosion on the sea floor sent iron dust throughout the pacific ocean, which quickly turned red with rust.
The third asteroid is obliterated by the nuclear missiles launched by the UN. When the asteroid's dust reached earth, it contains a large amount of arsenic, which poisoned Earth's water supply creating a global outbreak of arsenic poisoning. Soon, locust-like creatures appear in massive swarms injecting people with a painful neurotoxin. After five months they die "en masse". Christopher Goodman, the clone of Christ, discovers that he had the power of healing and soothes people who had been stung by the locust. He healed hundreds of people, including several members of the UN Security Council, and their families, as well as Decker Hawthorne. Christopher's supernatural powers make him popular, and he is nominated as a vacant seat of the Secretary General. During his acceptance speech, Christopher Goodman is assassinated by Decker's old friend Tom Donafin.
After Goodman dies, a homicidal madness began spreads amongst the people near the mouth of the Euphrates River. Entire families, villages, cities, and nations are filled with rampaging citizens bent on killing each other. The madness destroys the middle East, southern Russia, much of Asia, eastern Africa, and south eastern Europe. Three days after Christopher's assassination, at his funeral, Robert Milner approached the coffin and laid his hands on it. Christopher Goodman is resurrected, the reincarnation of Christ.
Christopher explained that as his body was dead, he gained the entire memory of Jesus Christ all the way up to the time of his death, and gained other knowledge as well. He explained that rather than being a god, Yahweh was the member of a species called Theatans. Four billion years ago, these Theatans were at the same evolutionary level as humans are now. Their evolutionary process had stagnated, until it was discovered that the next evolutionary step - the final step - was a voluntary step taken by the species as a whole. The people of Theata took this evolutionary step, and evolved into spiritual beings capable of wonders only dreamed of previously. Eventually, one Theatan discovered that there was one further evolutionary step, although it was a state that only a single being may achieve. This Theatan, named Yahweh, took this step, and became a Godhead.
Christopher continues to explain that humans are now on the brink of the evolutionary step into the spirit as the Theatans, however, Yahweh does not wish to relinquish his hold on humanity, believing that if they evolve into spirits, they will be on equal footing with him, and will no longer serve him. In order to stave off this evolutionary cooperation by humankind, Yahweh has stricken the earth with the plagues of asteroids, locust and madness, and he plans more and worse plagues as time goes on. Decker and Milner resolve to do anything they can to help Christopher rally humanity against Yahweh and issue in the New Age of Humankind.
Christopher, Milner and Decker travel to the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem, Israel Cohen and John are located. With a swipe of his hand Christopher sends them both flying toward the Temple at great speed, killing them on impact with the temple wall. Decker remains outside to talk to the press as Christopher and Milner enter the Temple with the intention of desecrating the altar inside, to put a stop to the animal sacrifices that take place there. Also Christopher takes the contents of the Ark of the Covenant and throws them from the roof of the Temple as he proclaims that he is the Second Coming of Christ, the Jewish Messiah, and Muhammad al-Mahdi among other prophesied figures throughout most other religions, saying they're all one and the same.
As Christopher nears the conclusion of his address, light beings, presumably Theatans, surround the temple and flood the Temple Mount. Christopher leaps from the roof of the Temple, and is suspended in mid-air by the light beings and he proclaims that everyone should "Behold the Hosts of Heaven".
Literary significance and reception.
Kirkus Reviews called "Birth of an Age" "Astoundingly intelligent." Jeff Zaleski reviewing for Publishers Weekly said that the ending will "shock some Christian readers, but many others will be enthralled by the author's science-fortified vision of the Apocalypse."

</doc>
<doc id="9633817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633817" title="Bob Young (American football)">
Bob Young (American football)

Robert Allen Young (September 3, 1942 – June 17, 1995) was an American football offensive guard who played 16 seasons in the National Football League, mainly for the St. Louis Cardinals, where he and other Cardinal offensive linemen are credited with introducing modern weightlifting/powerlifting into the training regime of the NFL. He was named to two Pro Bowls (1978 & 1979) and was a first team All Pro selection in 1979 as well. Young attended Howard Payne University. He was the older brother of three-time world powerlifting champion Doug Young.
World's Strongest Man.
Young competed in the inaugural World's Strongest Man contest in 1977, finishing second to weightlifter Bruce Wilhelm. He finished 5th in the 1979 World's Strongest Man.

</doc>
<doc id="9633823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633823" title="Illusion (disambiguation)">
Illusion (disambiguation)

An illusion is an error in perception such as an optical illusion or auditory illusion.
Illusion or Illusions may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9633824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633824" title="Tomaž Čižman">
Tomaž Čižman

Tomaž Čižman (born February 13, 1965 in Črnuče) is a former Slovenian alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9633831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633831" title="Mayfield Park, Bristol">
Mayfield Park, Bristol

Mayfield Park is a residential area in East Bristol, with a large adjoining park known as the Ridgeway Rd Playing Fields.
The area is located on the outskirts of the outer urban area of Fishponds and consists mainly of three roads: Mayfield Park, Mayfield Park North and Mayfield Park South. It is also near the main road of Berkeley Road and the outer urban area with the name of Speedwell, and adjacent to Chester Park. The area consists mainly of families with children and elderly people, and has a population of 1,630 (est).
History of the area.
Originally part of the Royal Forest of Kingswood, the area around Mayfield Park started to be cleared for agriculture from the 13th century. By 1839, the area was part of the Parish of Stapleton and was known as the 'Crooked Lane Inclosures' where the park is today and the 'Reeves Ground' where the houses were later built. In the 1880s, the Provincial Land Company let land in allotments for building purposes, and a large number of semi-detached villas and other houses were built and the area became known as Mayfield Park.
Until the Hillfields Housing estate was built in the 1920s, Mayfield Park encompased an area which extended across Lodge Causeway to the north-east. In 1934 a Roman coin dating from the time of Vespasian, Roman Emperor between 69-79 AD, was found in a neighbours garden in Mayfield Park South, but no other Roman evidence has been found.
The playing fields and nature park.
Ridgeway Rd Playing Fields is a large park, extending about 850 yards in length and 250 yards across, with access to the Bristol to Bath Cycle Path at the western end. At the centre of the park are the pitches of Whitehall Rugby Football Club, founded in 1931, with a clubhouse on Foundry Lane. At the eastern end of the park in the Harry Crook Youth Activities Centre with basketball hoops and a small children's playground.
Coombe Brook Valley Nature Park extends for about 450 yards to the south east towards Chester Park, known locally as the 'Gosey' as it lies within the medieval Gosthills Gully. Managed by Avon Wildlife Trust, the 1.6 hectare valley is a haven for wildlife including hazel, oak and sycamore trees, and mature scrub of hawthorn and elder. It provides habitat for birds such as the wren, greenfinch and spotted flycatcher, and butterflies including small tortoiseshell, peacock and speckled wood.
Churches and facilities.
There are three schools near the Mayfield park area: the primary schools of Chester Park School, St Josephs School and Bristol Brunel Academy. 
Public houses and shops.
The closest pub is The Greyhound, built in 1883, on Lodge Causeway, whose shops also serve the area along with those on Ridgeway Road.

</doc>
<doc id="9633833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633833" title="Rittman High School">
Rittman High School

Rittman High School is a public high school in Rittman, Ohio, United States. It is the only high school in the Rittman Exempted Village Schools district. They are nicknamed the "Indians", which comes from the old Rittman Chippewa Salt Company's (now known as Morton Salt Company) logo of a Native American's head. Red and white were the school colors until 1940 when black was added. Since the 2005-2006 school year, the eighth grade class has been included in the high school.
A new high school was built and opened in 2011 on the same property as the previous building.
Rittman's football rivalry with the Chippewa High School Chipps is the longest-running uninterrupted rivalry in Wayne County, having met every year since 1923. The football rivalry with the Dalton High School Bulldogs is also the fourth most-played rivalry in Wayne County as well.
Sex Scandal.
In 2009, a female teacher at the school was involved in a nationally covered sex scandal and charged with sexual battery involving two male students, ages 17 and 18. In late 2008, the school received notice that the parents of the first student were suspicious of the contact between the teacher and student. The school was investigating internally to see if the claims were warranted. Then, in early 2009, the family of the second student contacted the school and filed a complaint that the student confirmed an inappropriate relationship was taking place. The same day, Erin Speicher, then 34, resigned from her position as a ninth-grade English teacher at Rittman High School. She taught at the school for 12 years. Speicher was arrested and was being held on a $75,000 cash bond at the Wayne County Jail. Speicher engaged in sexual conduct with one student in June 2008 and again sometime between August and October. She engaged in sexual conduct with a second student five times in January 2009, according to the indictment. She pleaded guilty to a seven-count indictment of sexual battery in Wayne County Common Pleas Court and was sentenced to four years in prison. Speicher, who was married (currently divorced) with two young children at the time, is quoted as saying to the court "As a result of my actions I will never teach again, and I love teaching. Last week I taught my 4-year-old and my 3-year-old the words, 'correctional facility,' to explain that is where I may have to live for a while. ... But I also kept thinking that if my sons were the victims in this case, I know I would want that teacher punished." Speicher's attorney, Norman Miller, said she was remorseful for her actions, and had sought counseling. Upon release from prison, Speicher will be classified as a Tier 3 sex offender, which comes with a lifetime registry.
Community response.
After Speicher was sentenced, many supporters from the community thought she was sentenced harshly. Because of the second student being a legal adult and both students being over the age of consent in Ohio (16 years of age), they felt the four year prison sentence was unjust and lengthy. Speicher was charged because of her position of power as an educational instructor, even though during the affairs, she was not either students teacher. Many believe that Speicher was simply used as an example to be set in the community.
Further Scandal Involvement.
In 2013, the school was involved in a scandal surrounding the football team. While completing an assignment for his junior composition class, a Junior member of the varsity football team wrote a controversial poem about the favoritism and nepotism being displayed by the football team. In response to the harmless poem, the coach, whose son is on the team, and is perceived to be benefiting from his father's position, took drastic measures, ensuring that the student was removed from the football team and convincing the principal to suspend the student from classes for four days. Although this is a clear violation of the student's First Amendment rights, the district did little to respond. The punishment garnered widespread media attention. Shortly after the increased media pressure, the district intervened and overturned the punishment. It is unknown as to what type of reception the student will receive when he returns to his team, as the coach who brought on this unwarranted punishment has had no repercussions. This case shines light on the problems of conflicts of interest and politics in high school athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="9633843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633843" title="Acts of God (novel)">
Acts of God (novel)

Acts of God is the concluding novel of the Christ Clone Trilogy, written by James BeauSeigneur. This book primarily chronicles the Bowl Judgements as foretold in the Book of Revelation, as well as the institution of the Mark of the Beast, and the growing persecution of the followers of God. Other biblical prophecies from the Book of Revelation and the Book of Daniel are depicted as well.
As with the first and second book in this trilogy, many footnotes are used from various sources. These sources include not only the bible, but also sources that were used as the author performed research and analysis to ensure scientific accuracy in the depiction of fictional events.
Plot.
The book starts before the conclusion of Birth of an Age. Christopher's address from the top of the Temple in Jerusalem is revisited, concluding with Christopher leaping from the top of the temple, and caught by the visible Spirit beings, whom Christopher identified as Theatans on the flight to Jerusalem with Decker Hawthorne and Robert Milner. Christopher is an extremely popular Secretary General of the United Nations, who was nominated following his supernatural healing of various members of the Security Council, and elected unanimously prior to his assassination, and subsequent resurrection.
Christopher reveals to the world that humanity is on the brink of its greatest evolutionary step, which people are now heralding as the New Age. However, given the nature of this evolutionary step - that of evolving into nearly omnipotent Spirit Beings - this step must be taken collectively by the entire species, rather than though natural selection of individual members of the human race. If any significant portion of the human population balks at taking this evolutionary step, the evolutionary process will be a failure, and humankind will lose the opportunity to evolve, and remain a stagnant species doomed for extinction. The greatest threat to humankind in taking this evolutionary step is represented by Fundamentalist Christians and various Jewish sects, including a group of 144,000 Jews which call themselves the Koum Damar Patar or KDP for short. These groups remained loyal to Yahweh, whom Christopher has identified as a power hungry Theatan, intent on keeping humankind as they are, in order to prevent them from becoming his equal.
Christopher vows not to let this happen, and declares the New Age, starting with year 1. March 11, the day of Christopher's resurrection, is declared New Year's Day. Three days after Christopher's address at the Temple, the bodies of John and Saul Cohen are called into Heaven. This is captured on tape by the media, but is dismissed by Christopher as dramatics by Yahweh to frighten people away from their destinies. A life-size statue of Christopher is erected at the top of the Temple, and speakers are set to broadcast Christopher's Address to Humankind in a repeating loop.
Here, Christopher also begins a revitalization plan for healing the Middle East, which was decimated in a recent plague of mass psychosis that affected every man woman and child in the region, which now sits bereft of humanity. The first priority in fixing this region is to rebuild the city of Babylon in Iraq. This site is chosen as a symbol of defiance toward Yahweh, since that was where humankind was first attacked by Yahweh when he afflicted them with tongues when they were erecting the Tower of Babel. He also indicated that he planned to move the United Nations main headquarters there, relocating from the Secretariat Building in New York City.
Throughout the world, people start experiencing brief moments of supernatural power. These powers include the ability to control others' behavior, telepathy, precognition, rapid healing of fatal injuries, and very detailed memories of past lives. Most people's experiences are very brief, mostly linked to a single incident, but these episodes happen all over the world and begin to happen more frequently. Christopher attributes this phenomenon to the fact that people are inching ever closer to that evolutionary step which will bring humanity into its New Age. Christopher then reveals that he will help accelerate this process, by instituting a Communion. This Communion remains a closely guarded secret, only to be revealed when the time is right. The communion is said to give people immortality along with great power.
Decker meets with Christopher to discuss this communion, and points out that giving immortality and power to the Christian Fundamentalists, KDP and the other Jews set against Christopher will be counter-productive. He suggests that the best way to keep Christopher's enemies away from the communion is use their own prophecies against them. If a mark is required to receive communion, as well as a pledge by individuals to aid Christopher and all of humankind by working toward the New Age, then Christians, Jews and the KDP will avoid taking the mark, and lack the powers, and immortality to continue their subversive behavior against Humankind. Christopher decides to show Decker the Communion. As they walk, Christopher reminds Decker that Christopher's foster father, Harry Goodman, had developed so-called C-Cells after the discovery of Jesus's blood on the Shroud of Turin. He also reminds Decker of Robert Milner's advanced age, yet remarkable health, due to a blood transfusion with Christopher years before. Decker correctly concludes that the Communion must consist of the distribution of Christopher's blood among the population. Christopher confirms this, and indicates that for the last two years, scientists and technicians have been frantically cloning Christopher's blood, and putting it in medicinal capsules. They enter a huge warehouse that was stocked floor to ceiling, wall-to-wall with Christopher's blood.
The mark of communion was a depiction of the numerals 666, since Christopher's name added up to that value in the Hebrew alphabet, and the intent was to keep Christians and other religious fundamentalists away. As the day drew closer to opening up the clinics to the public, these clinics became the targets for Christian protesters. These protests grew more violent and when the doors were finally opened, the clinics became the targets of terrorist attacks, apparently by Fundamentalists trying to prevent people from taking the communion. Public clamor for the capture and punishment of these terrorists grew until Christopher was forced to take stronger actions. Capital punishment was extended to Christian terrorists, and their fundamentalist leaders. Other than zealots and terrorists, Christians mostly avoided the clinics.
Decker also avoided taking the mark. When confronted by Christopher, in his office in Babylon, Decker, now 72 years old, indicated that he didn't want to live forever. He still missed his family who died in The Disaster years before, and although he was in no hurry to die, he would welcome the rest when it came. Christopher pointed out that Decker, who had been writing speeches for Christopher, and had been promoting New Age principles and philosophies, must have forgotten that all that applied to him as well! His wife and daughters had reincarnated immediately after their deaths, and Decker would not be old and tired after the Communion, and he could go to them and reunite his family. Decker, very excited by this prospect, immediately headed out, and was on his way to the nearest clinic when he was abducted by the KDP.
The KDP took Decker to Petra, Jordan where he stayed in a one room building. He was confronted by Scott Rosen, the son of Decker's late close friends Joshua and Ilana Rosen. Scott was revealed to be a member of the KDP and was instructed by God to attempt to convert him. After a violent outburst by Decker, which resulted in a shining black eye for Scott, Decker grew calm and attempted to not listen to Scott. Scott presented very convincing arguments about the existence of God, the accuracy of the bible, and the messages it contained, and how Christopher was a huge liar and the personification of evil. Decker, unimpressed, said nothing and refused to react to anything Rosen said. Rosen presented Decker with a bible which belonged to Decker's late wife, Elizabeth, complete with her handwriting and notes. After another session with Rosen, Decker continuing to refuse to give Rosen the satisfication of knowing that some of what he said got through, Rosen released Decker from captivity, promising him a ride to Israel after their observance of "Shabbat".
That evening, walking around Petra, Decker met Rhoda Donafin, the widow of Decker's closest friend Tom Donafin, as well as his sons, Tom, Jr., and Decker Donafin (this was the first Decker knew that Tom named one of his children after him, and it affected him greatly). Decker met several people around Petra, and realized that none of the people he met were anything like the overzealous, wild-eyed fundamentalists that he saw on TV, or read about in the papers. These people were caring, friendly and scared. When Rhoda indicated to Decker that they were to be attacked by Christopher and the armies of the world, even offering Decker a timeframe for when this was to occur. Decker promised that was not the case, and if it were, he would talk sense to Christopher, and maybe they could all become friends - or at the least allies - in the evolution of Humankind. Rhoda reacted with an amused dismissal of Decker's promise, but the two remained friendly even if they disagreed on this. Decker ate with the Donafins, and treated them to stories of their father when he and Decker used to share adventures and misadventures when they were younger.
After "Shabbat", Decker was provided a ride, as promised, to Israel, where he caught a plane back to his home in Maryland where he planned to rest for a few days. On his way home, he noticed that everyone bearing Christopher's mark was also bearing bandages that covered up painful sores and blisters. Decker decided to hold off on the Communion for a bit.
This first plague of sores caused outrage among Humankind who demanded that Christopher retaliate against Yahweh. The United Nations instituted penalties for sedition and collusion with Yahweh. Leaders of Fundamentalists groups were subject to capital punishment. The rationale was that although capital punishment was distasteful for many, removal of the opposing force was necessary to Humankind's evolutionary journey, and furthermore, individuals would be reincarnated free of their past prejudices and philosophies, and will join everyone else in the procession into the New Age.
During Decker's vacation, the next plague began with the transformation of all the oceans of the earth to blood. The world watched horrified as all aquatic life, and anyone in boats during the transition from water to blood were killed. After a couple of days people in coastal areas grew sick from the decay and stench of the rotting blood, and the surface of the oceans were scabbing over. People were outraged and grew extremely angry toward Yahweh whom Christopher pointed out was responsible for this plague. A week after the plague began, Robert Milner walked out to a bloody coastline and threw a charged quartz crystal that landed on the scab, liquefying it, and turning the liquid back into water. The water began to replace blood in a spreading radius, and after a day, all the oceans were once again water, although, they remained void of life.
The United Nations increased the penalties for sedition and collusion with Yahweh again, this time banning followers of Yahweh from engaging in commerce or owning property. It was made illegal to buy anything from or sell anything to anyone not bearing the mark of Communion. Properties owned by those not bearing the mark were confiscated by the government, and residents not bearing the mark, evicted. Capital punishment was extended toward anyone showing an active role in the subversive behavior against Humankind and the New Age. Decker, by virtue of his position within the United Nations, and by virtue of very few people knowing where he was, remained undisturbed in his home in Maryland. Policemen issuing eviction notices bypassed Decker's home believing that there's no way that Decker Hawthorne - THE Decker Hawthorne - would not have received the Communion, especially when record-keeping errors were not uncommon.
The week following Milner's cleansing of the oceans, all the bodies of fresh water turned to blood. Decker took stock of all the drinkable liquid in his house, and horded as much as possible. Decker watched on TV the various horrors that came from this plague. People dying of dehydration, people killing each other for groceries that had liquid (even cans of corn and peas were precious for the water inside), riots and looting. A week after the plague started, Robert Milner walked into a bloody river, and cut his own arm, mingling his own running blood with the blood of the water. The water turned clear and pure. Nearby observers made their exhausted way to the water to quench their thirst. Within a day all the fresh water of the world was cleansed.
In reaction to the anger to this plague, the United Nations again increased the penalties for sedition and collusion with Yahweh, this time extending capital punishment toward anyone refusing to take the mark. Rewards were offered for turning in those not bearing the mark.
Decker, who knew what was going on, read his wife's bible to determine what would happen next. Decker called his property manager, Bert Tollinson, and had him reinforce a room in his house with insulation and air-conditioning units, and got lots of ice. He warned Bert that extreme heat was coming, and he should do the same for his home so his family wouldn't suffer. Bert took Decker's advice. By midweek the extreme heat was taking its toll. People died in the heat. In Antarctica settlements fell under the ice, and avalanches were common mountainous regions. The power stations around Decker's home failed, and Decker eventually collapsed and was unable to move. Fortunately Decker's home had been so cold before and well insulated he managed to survive. After a week of the heatwave, Milner arrived in Machu Picchu and made a plea to the sun-god to relent. From where Milner stood, a cool breeze issued forth, and within a day, the heat was back to normal. With normal temperatures restored, Decker soon recovered.
The frequency of executions accelerated in retaliation to this latest plague. So-called "Execution Centers" were established to systematically murder those without a mark. As many as 20,000 people a day were killed in a single Execution Center. At first, only religious leaders and celebrities were televised during their executions. As the anger among humanity grew, so did their demand for televised executions, until some stations began to show executions 24 hours a day.
A week after the heat subsided, a dark murky substance engulfed the entire planet, with the exception of Petra and Christopher's office in Babylon. Everywhere else was consumed by the darkness. Anyone in contact with the darkness (which was almost everyone on the planet) experienced terrifying hallucinations and horrifying visions. Sufferers were incapacitated with fear. This plague only lasted 3 days. After this plague Decker discovered that Christopher's approval rating had dropped from 95% to 11% as a result of the plagues. Decker felt guilty because it was his job to deal with the media and he had been home the whole time rather than doing his job.
In a televised address later that week, Decker watched as Christopher promised that there would be no more plagues and that humankind would receive three signs that their step toward the New Age was nearly complete. Sores would disappear, and telepathic and telekinetic powers would be acquired by everyone who wore the mark, permanently. Finally, Christopher promised that the last remaining vestige of Yahweh's followers were trapped in Petra, and they would all be destroyed.
Decker, horrified, decided to return to Babylon and talk Christopher out of destroying Petra. Since Decker did not bear the mark, he had to get Bert Tollinson to arrange his passage to the United Nations building in Babylon. Decker arrived at Christopher's office and immediately began arguing for sparing the people of Petra. When Christopher refused to talk about the issue, Decker decided that everything that the Jews, Fundamentalists and the KDP had been saying about Christopher was true. Christopher finally showed his true self to Decker, admitting that he was the Antichrist and his only desire was to acquire as many believers that he could, and kill anyone who opposed him. Christopher elaborated that he took pleasure in "mak the Creator of the Universe weep".
Decker, defeated, realized he, too, was responsible for all Christopher's campaign of death and mayhem. He told Christopher that when he and Decker were both in hell, Decker would be the one on his knees thanking God for giving him what he deserved. At that point Christopher went into an insane fury and murdered Decker - but not before Decker apologized to Jesus for what he had done, and was forgiven, denying Christopher Decker's soul.
Shortly after, the plague of sores that afflicted anyone bearing Christopher's mark vanished. Followers also gained the strength, health and vitality of youth as well as the fantastic powers of telepathy and telekinesis that Christopher had promised them. All of Christopher's promises came true, and his popularity again surged. He planned for a march on Petra and invited every human on earth to join him. They would use their new powers to tear down the city walls; killing the last non-believers and completing their transcendence.
The Jews within Petra finally joined with the Christians in Petra as one people, when they had been reluctant allies previously. Several rescue missions were sent into Babylon and Jerusalem to find any remaining Christians and transport them to Petra. Some of those bearing the Christopher's Mark tried to gain forgiveness from God by amputating their hand, the only way to remove the mark completely. For those desperate enough to do so, the self-mutilation was justified by scripture: citing , "If thy right hand offend thee, cut it off".
As the people of the world gathered in Tel Megiddo in the northern Jezreel Valley, Babylon was destroyed by an immense earthquake and vehicle-sized hail stones. Christopher placated those effected by promising to resurrect Babylon - along with everyone and everything that had been destroyed in it - once Petra had been razed. As Christopher issued the call to begin the invasion of Petra, Jesus Christ appeared on the top of a nearby mountain. Christopher met him there, and offered to allow Jesus to join mankind against the forces of Yahweh. For a moment all of Christopher's followers thought they may be watching an historic alliance being formed. Christopher's offer was met with silence. After this rejection Christopher began to brag to Jesus about how all these hundreds of millions of people rejected Jesus in favor of Christopher, boasting that "those you wanted as your bride have become my whores and sluts". The sudden realization of Christopher's cynicism lead to panic. Jesus forced Christopher and Robert Milner into a fiery chasm. Christopher's army collapsed upon itself and quickly decomposed as individuals vainly struggled to escape.
The epilogue features Decker's reunion with his wife and children, his brother Nate, and the Donafins, including Tom, as well as many friends and acquaintances from throughout his life. Decker also met Jesus Christ who told Decker that all was forgiven, and he was glad Decker had finally accepted Him, even if it was during Decker's final moments of life. Tom and Elizabeth explained to Decker what happened between his death and his resurrection. While Decker mourned those who had not been able to join them in this Kingdom, but mostly rejoiced that he had his wife and daughter's back.
Literary significance and reception.
Don D'Amassa had a mixed comment in his review for Chronicle saying "not to everyone's taste, including mine, but well enough written."

</doc>
<doc id="9633844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633844" title="Carlos Roffé">
Carlos Roffé

Carlos Roffé (1 August 1943 – 31 December 2005) was an Argentine film and television actor active between 1969 and 2005.
Roffé was born in Buenos Aires. He worked in the cinema of Argentina. IN 1985 he appeared as himself in Bailoretto, la aventura de un rebelde. In the late 1980s and early 1990s he appeared in a number of films of Alejandro Agresti. In 1999 he appeared in the film Animalada. In 2002 he appeared in Valentín.
In his acting career he appeared in well over 30 films and as well as on TV, he died in 2005 having that year playing a character in the TV Series Criminal.
Filmography.
... aka Days in June (International: English title) 
... aka Vida de una modelo, La (Argentina) 

</doc>
<doc id="9633845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633845" title="Cama Adentro">
Cama Adentro

Cama adentro () is a 2004 Argentine and Spanish drama film, written and directed by Jorge Gaggero. In Spain it is also known as Señora Beba. It was executive produced by Aqua Films' Verónica Cura. The picture features Norma Aleandro, Norma Argentina, among others.
The drama is set in Buenos Aires during the early 2000s economic crisis. It tells of the relationship between Beba, a spoiled, temperamental member of the Argentina upper middle class (Norma Aleandro), and her longtime maid, Dora (Norma Argentina). Both are in their 50's.
Plot.
Beba used to be a well-to-do socialite but Argentina's economic crisis has left her with almost nothing. She is then forced to sell beauty products door-to-door.
Dora came to Buenos Aires during her teenage years from the Chaco Province to work as a full-time maid at Beba's apartment. Since then she has slowly worked to build a house in one of the towns outside Buenos Aires.
Dora, however, is unable to complete the construction of her house because Beba owes her six months pay. Dora, tired of listening to Beba's promises of payment, is now determined to resign. Beba asks her for more time to get the money together and Dora accepts. During this period Beba tries to use the confidence of Dora and discourages her from venturing into a new phase of her life.
Finally, Dora leaves the apartment to live with Miguel, her boyfriend, at her new home. Meanwhile, at Beba's apartment, the power and telephone services are cut due to lack of payment.
Dora visits a lonely and disheveled Beba in her now unkempt home on her birthday. Much to Beba's disappointment, Dora must leave after only a short while, explaining that she is awaiting a call from an employment agency. Beba gives Dora her letter of recommendation.
When summer arrives Beba is forced to rent out her apartment and move to a smaller place. She goes in a moving truck to Dora's house, with the intention of giving her much of her furniture. Dora invites Beba to stay the night in her house.
The film depicts the transformation of an Argentine society through the lives of two very different women.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the San Sebastián International Film Festival, Spain on September 21, 2004. It opened in Argentina on May 26, 2005.
The film was screened at various film festivals, including: the Sundance Film Festival, United States; the Tromsø International Film Festival, Norway; the Toulouse Latin America Film Festival, France; and others.
Critical reception.
"Cama Adentro" garnered mostly positive reviews from film critics. On review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an overall 100% approval rating based on 33 reviews, with a rating average of 7.7 out of 10. The site's consensus is that the film is "an insightful character piece with standout performances and a poignant slice of Argentina life." At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 0–100 reviews from film critics, the film has a rating score of 78 based on 14 reviews, classified as a generally favorably reviewed film.
Film critic A.O. Scott, who writes for "The New York Times", liked the film and wrote, the film "is modest in scope but large in spirit and ambition, and very nearly perfect in execution." Scott later named it the 6th best film of 2007 (tying with "").
Deborah Young, film critic at "Variety" magazine, liked the film and wrote, "A live-in maid leaves the pretentious employer who can no longer pay her in Jorge Gaggero's well-written first feature, "Live-In Maid." Taking a different approach to describe the effects of Argentina's down-sliding economy, pic's a fairly successful attempt at satire, though given the subject, there's a lot of darkness under the carpet...Pic's real treat is non-pro actress Argentina's beautiful portrait of Dora, who stoically bears years of humiliation from Beba but is unable to rejoice once the tables are turned."
"The Hollywood Reporter's" film critic James Greenberg, wrote of the film, "The small, well-acted chamber drama is a genre that has virtually disappeared from American screens, which is too bad when you see one as accomplished as "Live-in Maid." Powered by two first-rate performances, Jorge Gaggero's debut feature is full of psychological nuance and keen social observation. It's an impressive feat and one that should find an audience in art houses worldwide."
Critic Eric Snider like the acting in the film, and wrote, "Where it excels is in its casting: Norma Aleandro and Norma Argentina are absolutely perfect, both separately and as a team. Aleandro, an Argentine film veteran, has the look of a woman who wants to be imperious but can no longer afford it, the face of someone trying to keep her dignity. Beba treats Dora poorly, but only because she is too proud to admit she loves her like a sister."
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9633871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633871" title="The Wrestler (1974 film)">
The Wrestler (1974 film)

The Wrestler is a 1974 independent film produced by professional wrestler Verne Gagne and starring Ed Asner as "Frank Bass", a wrestling promoter. 
Verne Gagne also stars in the movie as Mike Bollar, the current wrestling champion of his "league." Billy Robinson plays Bollar's latest challenger, Billy Taylor. After a long reign as champion, Bollar is getting older and feeling pressure from all sides, including his wife and wrestling promoters, to pass the championship to Taylor and retire. Bollar's resistance to their requests that he step aside is the central conflict in the film.
Gagne not only acts in the movie but also wrestles during a few of the wrestling scenes. He faces Larry Hennig in the first match at the Cow Palace, located just outside San Francisco. 
Appearances.
Many American Wrestling Association performers appear in the movie. Among them are "Superstar" Billy Graham, "Rick Flair" (credited with that spelling in the credits), Dusty Rhodes, Dick Murdoch, Dick the Bruiser, Dory Funk, Jr., Ray Stevens, Pedro Morales, Ken Patera, Nick Bockwinkel, Dan Gable, Eddie Graham, Jim Brunzell, and more. Some of the said wrestlers are simply featured in clips from wrestling shows without adding to the actual plot or having them on the set of the film in actual roles.
Former World Wrestling Federation chairman, Vincent J. McMahon, makes an appearance in an actual acting role and not a clip from a wrestling broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="9633904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633904" title="Beaver Harbour, New Brunswick">
Beaver Harbour, New Brunswick

Beaver Harbour is an unincorporated fishing village in the Parish of Pennfield, Charlotte County, New Brunswick, Canada.
It is located east of Blacks Harbour and south of Pennfield.
History.
Beaver Harbour was settled in September 1783, by the "Quaker Company" the (spokesmen) agents for which were Joshua Knight, Samuel Fairlamb and John Rankin. The "Quaker Company" was composed almost entirely of members and former members of the Society of Friends from Pennsylvania and New Jersey who being Loyalists left the City of New York upon its evacuation by the British Army at the end of the American Revolution. A number of the men had served as military loyalists, thus the company was in some ways a United Empire Loyalist counterpart to the “Patriot” “Free Friends” 
In 1790 this settlement Bellevu or Bellveue was largely destroyed by a forest fire and most of the members of the "Quaker Company" dispersed.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9633913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633913" title="1966 Flood of the Arno River">
1966 Flood of the Arno River

The 1966 Flood of the Arno River in Florence killed many people and damaged or destroyed millions of masterpieces of art and rare books. It is considered the worst flood in the city's history since 1557. With the combined effort of Italian citizens and foreign donors and committees, or "angeli del fango" ("Mud Angels"), many of these fine works have been restored. New methods in conservation were devised and restoration laboratories established. However, even decades later, much work remains to be done.
Overview.
Located in the Tuscany region of Central Italy, the Arno river is approximately long. It flows from the Mount Falterona hills of the Apennine Mountains to the Ligurian Sea, just west of Pisa. Lush vineyards and olive groves line the river's scenic course to the west, out to sea. Principally utilized for irrigation purposes, only of the river is used for navigation.
The highest flows of the river generally occur in spring and autumn of every year, when rainfall in the Apennines is at its greatest. The intensity of the 1966 flood was further intensified by both the orography of the Apennines, which contributed to the high run-off rates and river discharges, and urban development. Roads, such as the Via de Calzaiuoli, served as narrow channels for floodwaters, allowing for their greater speed and destruction within the city; bridges, on the other hand, hindered river flow where it was needed, allowing water to pour over the floodplain with great force.
Timeline of events.
3 November 1966
4 November 1966
Impact.
The flood has had a lasting impact on Florence, economically and culturally. City officials and citizens were extremely unprepared for the storm and the widespread devastation that it caused. There were virtually no emergency measures in place, at least partially because Florence is located in an area where the frequency of flooding is relatively low. In fact, approximately 90% of the city's population were completely unaware of the imminent disaster that would befall them as they were sleeping during the early hours of 4 November 1966.
Residents were set to celebrate their country's World War I victory over the Austrians on 4 November, Armed Forces Day. In commemoration, businesses were closed and many of their employees were out of town for the public holiday. While many lives were likely spared as a result, the locked buildings greatly inhibited the salvaging of valuable materials from numerous institutions and shops, with the exception of a number of jewellery stores whose owners were warned by their nightwatchmen.
5,000 families were left homeless by the storm, and 6,000 stores were forced out of business. Approximately 600,000 tons of mud, rubble and sewage severely damaged or destroyed numerous collections of the written work and fine art for which Florence is famous. In fact, it is estimated that between 3 and 4 million books/manuscripts were damaged, as well as 14,000 movable works of art.
Artist Marco Sassone, in an 1969 interview, recalled the impact of the flood on Florence's residents: "The only thing you could do was watch and be helpless. Nature was master...the women became crazy with fear. They began throwing things from the windows and screaming 'who is going to save my children?'" It was reported that 101 people lost their lives in the flood waters.
Specific collections affected.
Others:
Funding and assistance.
Realizing the immense wealth and importance of Florentine culture in a global context, many individuals and organizations contributed to the conservation mission, providing both funding and manpower. Art historian and professor Carlo Ludovico Ragghianti assembled a committee with Mayor Piero Bargellini as chairman to raise awareness of the needs of Florence's art and academic institutions. Members included prominent figures from around the world, representatives of their own respective institutions.
A number of other international committees were formed with the intention of sponsoring various institutions in Florence:
The work of and contributions made by these committees were supervised by a central committee in Rome.
Additional funding came from various governments, UNESCO, and the International Committee for the Assistance of Museums, Works of Art, Libraries and Archives, among others. The city of Edinburgh (Scotland), twinned with Florence, sent practical help for the citizens in the form of double-decker buses to temporarily replace those which had been lost in the floods. When these eventually returned home, they operated with the international 'GB' registration plate still affixed to the rear; each also carried a small plaque presented by the Florentine transport authorities indicating their gratitude for the gesture made by the people of Edinburgh.
Charity auctions were also organised. In a show of support for the Florentine art community, Pablo Picasso had one of his paintings, "Recumbent Woman Reading", auctioned off on an internationally televised programme. He donated the $105,000 it earned to restoration efforts in Italy. Similarly, Pietro Annigoni and Luciano Guarnieri donated the money they earned from selling 575 colour lithographs (depicting the events surrounding the flood and its aftermath), produced from 13 of their drawings.
Florentine native Franco Zeffirelli produced the short documentary "" to raise awareness of the flood. Released a month after the disaster, it reputedly raised more than $20 million for reconstruction efforts. The film was narrated in English and Italian by actor Richard Burton.
While many institutions from around the world financially compensated employees who travelled to Italy and aided in the restoration of Florence, many others volunteered their services for absolutely no pay. Collectively, these people have been fondly referred to as "Mud Angels", due to their commitment to working in such deplorable conditions.
The "Mud Angels".
Mario Primicerio, the mayor of Florence from 1995 to 1999, helped celebrate the Mud Angels' efforts during an anniversary celebration in 1996. Thirty years earlier, he was a professor who lent his assistance in preserving the priceless artefacts of Florence. The Angels cleaned the city of refuse, mud and oil, and retrieved works of art, books and other materials from flooded rooms; experts from around the world volunteered their time and knowledge in the conservation of the aforementioned materials.
In a 1996 interview, Primicerio offered three principal reasons as to why the Mud Angels felt compelled to help: a concern for future generations, a feeling of international unity and a pervasive sense of solidarity.
Conservation measures.
Many experts in the field of conservation, such as Peter Waters, utilised their knowledge in restoring the works of art and literature ravaged by the flood. Staff from the Central Institute of Restoration and Institute of Book Pathology, for example, volunteered their time, efforts, and expertise in this enormous undertaking. New concepts, such as "phased conservation," and methods in conservation, such as mass deacidification, were conceived during this period after the flood ravaged the city of Florence.
Books and records.
Priorities were established during the process of conserving damaged books and records, the most critical of which became the retrieval of materials from flooded rooms. After they were rescued, books and records were typically washed and disinfected. In certain cases, bindings were cut and sheets treated individually. Following a thorough cleansing, the materials were then dried in Florentine libraries, space permitting, or at locations outside of the city, such as tobacco kilns and granaries. In some circumstances, large quantities of books were covered with sawdust, as a means of drawing out moisture. When not washed prior to drying, dried mud was then scraped off the exterior of the books.
One or both of two drying techniques was applied: interleaving by hand and/or drying with the aid of domestic heaters or other mechanical equipment. Interleaving involved the placement of blotting papers within the text-block of a book and replacing them once they were fully soaked; a variety of papers were used, including mimeograph paper and green blotting paper (the latter of which ultimately caused more damage). In kilns, the humidity level was slowly lowered from ninety to forty percent. If deemed necessary, bindings were removed and dried separately. Removed pages were hung out to dry on an apparatus similar to a clothes line.
Fearing the spread of mold, workers completed these tasks with the greatest speed possible. After they were disinfected and dried, the items were then reassembled, restored and, if necessary, rebound. Card catalogs and in some cases, the actual books and documents were reproduced by reprinting on early presses, photocopying, or copying by hand.
The National Library Centers of Florence: a case study.
Initially the transportation of large numbers of books to other institutes (to repair and rebind) was considered, but decided against on logistical grounds. Within six months of the flood, the National Library of Florence had 144 workers on hand: three binders, eight binder trainees, two librarians, forty-two workmen, eighty-one student volunteers and eight other library staff members.
Together they devised a logical and efficient method of book repair, involving nine separate and clearly defined steps:
This methodical nine-part system enabled workers to process between seventy and a hundred books a day.
After the Florence flood, the Biblioteca Nazionale Centrale was not allowed to put books back into the lower levels.
Paintings.
Many panel paintings were critically damaged as a result of water saturating their wood, causing the glue and gesso, which compose the priming layer, to dissolve. Consequently, the paintings' colours dissolved as well. In addition, the moisture caused paintings to buckle and crack or develop blisters, and the paint to chip and fall. Actions were taken to stabilize the problem by applying rice paper to the affected paintings and storing them in cool, stable environments where humidity was slowly decreased. In extreme cases, the paint layer was extracted from the wood and gesso and then reapplied to a new support. Nystatin, an antifungal, was sprayed on the wood to prevent mold from growing. Treatment facilities were established at locations such as the Boboli Garden Lemon-House, where over two hundred of these panel paintings were restored.
Similar measures were necessary to conserve canvas paintings. First, an original canvas was relined and gauze applied to the painted surface, which was then ironed. This process is referred to as the "rintelatura", or "new canvas" method. Relatively minor surface work was often completed with a variety of solvents and/or types of resin.
Frescoes.
Frescoes demanded more complicated treatment. Normally water, once it evaporates, will leave a layer of residual salt on the surface of the wall that absorbed it. In some instances, the resultant efflorescence obscured painted images. In other cases, the impermeability of the fresco plaster caused the salt to become trapped beneath the surface, causing bubbles to form and erupt, and the paint to fall. The adhesion of the plaster to the wall was often also seriously compromised. A fresco could only be detached when fully dry. To dry a fresco, workers cut narrow tunnels beneath it, in which heaters were placed to draw out moisture from below (instead of outwards, which would have further damaged the paintings). Within a few days, the fresco was ready to be detached.
Fuel oil, which coated many painted works of art, was removed by using Japanese tissue paper to apply a solvent, which dissolved the tar. An absorbent, such as talcum powder, was then distributed on the tissue paper.
Sculpture and other objects.
It became imperative to clean sculpture immediately, before it fully absorbed the oil. Flaking sculpture was sprayed with a silicate mixture, while wooden pieces were treated with insecticides and toxic gases to kill insects and prevent future infestation. Weaponry, like firearms and swords, were taken apart, cleaned with paraffin, and finally lubricated to prevent future rusting.
Bronze objects were kept in dehumidification chambers for a few weeks and cleaned with distilled water or polished. For more severely damaged pieces, experts completed "depth cleaning," which entailed the use of small drills and vacuuming. Similar measures were taken with gold. Broken objects were reassembled using photographs and other retrieved documentation.
Work undone.
The disastrous results of the flood established an international awareness of the need for preservation and conservation education and facilities. In the United States, for example, it is no coincidence that the National Historic Preservation Act was passed in 1966. During the next twenty years:
The National Library Centers of Florence.
A significant amount of restorative work remains to be done in Florence. Due to a lack of awareness, funding, and manpower, a great number of works of art and books lie in storage, dirty and damaged. Christopher Clarkson, noted conservator, called attention to this problem in a 2007 letter, stating that the National Library still has a "warehouse" full of books to be repaired and bound; many others need cleaning or reassembling. According to a 1993 report, approximately 25% of the 80,000 items belonging to the Magliabecchi and Palatino collections had not been fully restored in the nearly thirty years since the flood. The number of conservators that work at the library presently is only about a tenth of the amount that worked there immediately after the flood.
Environmental measures.
Regional officials in Tuscany are responsible for organizing a massive project, the purpose of which is to not only protect the area from future flooding but to maintain high water quality and effectively utilize water resources.
Work commenced in 1984, with the construction of the Bilancino Dam, near Florence. The Sieve tributary and spillway at Pontedera are among other developments. The national government has funded a majority of these various subprojects, with the city of Florence being the primary recipient of the money.

</doc>
<doc id="9633924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633924" title="Francis Stillman Barnard">
Francis Stillman Barnard

Sir Francis Stillman Barnard, KCMG (May 16, 1856 – April 11, 1936) was a Canadian parliamentarian and the tenth Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia. Barnard is often referred to as Frank Barnard, as was his father Francis Jones Barnard, who as the founder of Barnard's Express, was one of BC's more notable pioneer entrepreneurs.
Stillman was born on May 16, 1856, in Toronto, Ontario, and in 1860 was moved with his mother to Victoria, BC, where his father had preceded them by a year. He attended the Collegiate School in Victoria from 1866 to 1870 and was sent to Hellmuth College in London, Ontario, to continue his education. In 1873 he returned to British Columbia and assisted his father in the operation of the family business, the B.C. Express Company a.k.a. Barnard's Express. In 1880 he was appointed him manager of the company when his father's health turned for the worse. He continued in this position he continued until 1888, when he resigned to successfully run for the Cariboo seat in the House of Commons. Politically he was labelled a "liberal conservative" and was an ardent supporter of John A. Macdonald, and campaigned and worked actively for the rapid settlement and development of the province.
In addition to his primary role in the B.X. Express, Barnard was president and majority shareholder of Victoria Transfer Co. Ltd. and its counterpart the Vancouver Transfer Co. Ltd. He was director and secretary of the Vancouver Improvement Company, and also a director of the Hastings Sawmill Company, the British Columbia Milling and Mining Company, and of the Selkirk Mining and Smelting Company. He was also a Victoria city councillor in 1886 and 1887. He was a member of the Union Club in Victoria, and of the Rideau Club in Ottawa.
From 1914 to 1919, he was the Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia. He was knighted in 1919.
In 1883 he married Martha Amelia Sophia Loewen, and in married life resided at Duval Cottage, Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="9633926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633926" title="Orrville High School">
Orrville High School

Orrville High School is a public high school in Orrville, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Orrville City School District. Their nickname is the Red Riders.
Orrville's football rivalry with the Wooster High School Generals is the oldest rivalry in Wayne County, having first met back in 1903. After the 2012 season, the teams have met 102 times.

</doc>
<doc id="9633931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633931" title="Upper Knowle">
Upper Knowle

Upper Knowle is located in south Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="9633932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633932" title="Game Spirit Chase">
Game Spirit Chase

The Game Spirit Chase is a Grade 2 National Hunt chase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Newbury over a distance of about 2 miles and 1 furlong (3,420 metres), and during its running there are thirteen fences to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year in February.
The event is named in memory of Game Spirit, a successful racehorse who was owned by the Queen Mother. During the 1970s Game Spirit won 21 races in six seasons. He also finished third in the 1974 Cheltenham Gold Cup and second in the 1976 Champion Chase. He died from a lung haemorrhage after racing at Newbury in March 1977.
The Game Spirit Chase has held Grade 2 status since 1992. Before then it was classed at Listed level and run as a limited handicap. Since 2012 the race has been sponsored by Betfair and run as the Betfair Super Saturday Chase.

</doc>
<doc id="9633940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633940" title="Mechanics Grove, Pennsylvania">
Mechanics Grove, Pennsylvania

Mechanics Grove is an unincorporated community located within East Drumore Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Mechanic Grove is located along U.S. Route 222 south of the town of Quarryville. 

</doc>
<doc id="9633961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633961" title="Washing out mouth with soap">
Washing out mouth with soap

Washing out mouth with soap is a form of physical punishment that consists in placing soap, or a similar cleansing agent, inside a person's mouth so that the person will taste it, inducing what most people consider an unpleasant experience. One method uses a bar of soap which is placed in a person's mouth; the person can then be forced to hold it for a period of time and/or swallow it. 
Washing out mouth with soap is most often used as a response to profanity, lying, biting, tobacco use, or verbal disrespect. It functions both as a symbolic "cleansing" following the infraction, as well as acting as a deterrent due to the foul aftertaste. It is commonly used as child discipline or school discipline, and is more frequently employed by mothers than fathers.
Liquid soap, dishwashing liquid, or certain other liquid or solid cleansers may be used; in the case of liquids the person may be forced to swallow or to swish the liquid in his or her mouth for a period of time. When a bar of soap is used, force may be used so that the subject chews the bar, which in return will cause the product to better stick to and between the teeth, thus causing more lasting displeasure as immediate brushing may cause more suds. The used product may also be brushed onto a person's teeth and/or oral soft tissues using a toothbrush.
This punishment still has advocates today, even though its use has diminished considerably in recent years in favour of discipline methods that are not considered violent or humiliating. Additionally, soaps and detergents can have potentially harmful results, especially if swallowed, including vomiting, diarrhea, irritation of the lining of the mouth and digestive tract, and in rare instances, pulmonary aspiration.
History.
One of the earliest recorded uses of forcing another to ingest soap as punishment appeared in the 1832 Legal Examiner, in which it was noted that a married couple "were constantly quarrelling ; and that one evening, on the man's return home, he found his wife intoxicated, [...] perceiving a piece of kitchen soap lying on the ground near the spot, he crammed it into his wife's mouth, saying, "She has had plenty of water to wash with, she ought now to have a little soap".
In the 1860s, the periodical Aunt Judy's Annual Volume featured the main characters forced to eat a bar of soap as punishment for constantly failing to wash up, as the climax to a story entitled "Scaramouches at School".
In 1872, The Chinese Recorder and Missionary Journal stated that the practise of washing out the mouth of a child heard to swear was noted by an American colleague, and should be recommended to colleagues in the Orient as well.
In 1873, a schoolmistress in Mahaska, Iowa was noted to have punished a boy in her class for indulging in chewing tobacco by washing his mouth out with soap. Much later examples tell how Filipino or Lakota aboriginals were punished for speaking their native language with a similar punishment.
An 1898 "study in moral education", published by the Journal of Genetic Psychology, noted that whipping, withdrawal of privileges, lectures, being sent alone to a room and washing out a subject's mouth with either soap, salt or pepper, were the most likely punishments to deter future abuses. Two years later, a New York State Department of Social Welfare officer submitted a complaint against the Rochester Orphan Asylum noting that "I find, as charged, that children's mouths have been washed with soap-suds, but not, as also charged, with ashes and water; that such punishments were ordered for obscene or profane language". By the start of the 20th century, the practice was also noted at the Maryland State Reformatory for Women as punishment for any infraction of the rules.
In the 1950s, several American schoolboards ruled in favour of washing out a pupil's mouth with soap as a legitimate punishment.
In 1953, Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap. In 1963, Michigan judge Francis Castellucci ordered Louis Winiarski, who had been found using obscene language around women and children, to wash his mouth with soap before leaving the courtroom. A similar case in October 1979 saw a New York resident choose to wash his mouth out with soap, rather than serve ten days in prison for his disorderly conduct and obscenities.
In 1977, the National Criminal Justice Reference System published a report defending the use of corporal punishment in schools, in which a school administrator noted that he documented 200 cases, over his 13 year career, of using corporal punishmenting, noting "That's not just using paddles in every instance, but if you shake a student, if you grab a student, if you wash a student's mouth out with soap, that's corporal punishment under the definition of the law".
In 1982, the Journal of Youth and Adolescence listed the practise, alongside paddling and hairpulling as a "moderate" punishment for children, beneath the realm of "severe" punishment such as whipping. Similarly in 1996, the American Academy of Pediatrics classified it as an alternative to spanking.
In 2006, students at the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts carried out a peer-reviewed study on the ability of punishment to curb the use of profanity by interviewing colleagues on their remembered upbringings, and noted that the most commonly reported parental reaction was a verbal reprimand (41%). Soap in the mouth was mentioned in 20% of the episodes, and physical punishments were described in 14%.
Legal ramifications.
There have been a number of cases of arrests, charges and civil lawsuits arising from the domestic discipline of washing another's mouth out with soap; often arising from the perception of abuse of parental authority by an outside figure. 
In the United States, there is often variance between individual states as well; for example North Carolina specifically instructs its social workers that "washing a child’s mouth out with soap is not considered an extreme measure", but the Florida Department of Children and Families took away a mother's two children permanently after she forced her 8-year old daughter to chew soap after saying ""Fuck"", leading to an allergic reaction.
In popular culture.
In the 1983 film "A Christmas Story", the main character, nine-year-old Ralphie Parker, has his mouth washed out with Lifebuoy soap after saying "fuck" (toned down to "fudge" in the film) while helping his father change a flat tire. It also appears in "In God We Trust, All Others Pay Cash", the book on which the film is loosely based, though in the book, it is a punishment for bald-faced lying.
An episode of "The Hogan Family" had Valerie Hogan deal with her son Willie's bad language by scrubbing his mouth out with dishwashing liquid.
An episode of "King of the Hill" had Hank Hill deal with an abusive co-worker by dragging him into the bathroom and scrubbing his mouth out with soap.
In the Missing Episode of Dexter's Laboratory, "Rude Removal", Dexter accidentally creates evil versions of himself and Dee-Dee who spout swear-filled rants in front of their mom. When the regular versions trap them and feel like all's well, they spot Mom with a large bar of soap waiting to wash their mouths out.

</doc>
<doc id="9633981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633981" title="ABC (Swedish news programme)">
ABC (Swedish news programme)

ABC is the name of a regional news programme for Stockholm County and Uppsala County in Sweden broadcast by Sveriges Television (SVT). The programme was started in 1987, making Stockholm and Uppsala the last counties in Sweden to receive regional television news.
The programme is broadcast from the SVT news studio in Stockholm and has a local office in Uppsala.
The name comes from the county letters for Stockholm (AB) and Uppsala (C).
Since 25 August 2008 Uppsala County has an own programme called "SVT Uppland".

</doc>
<doc id="9633995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633995" title="Decadentism">
Decadentism

Decadentism (also called Decadentismo) was an Italian artistic style based mainly on the Decadent movement in the arts in France and England around the end of the 19th century. The main authors associated with decadentism were Antonio Fogazzaro, Italo Svevo, Giovanni Pascoli and Gabriele D'Annunzio. Although differing stylistically, they championed idiosyncrasy and irrationality against scientific rationalism. A later critic, Walter Binni, analyzed the style favorably in his 1936 book "La poetica del decantismo" and distinguished between moral and aesthetic decadence. Another scholar of decadentism was Norberto Bobbio, noted especially for his 1945 book, "La filosofia del decadentismo".

</doc>
<doc id="9633999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633999" title="Caesar's Women">
Caesar's Women

"Caesar's Women" is the fourth historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series, published on 21 March 1996. 
Plot summary.
The novel is set during a ten-year interval, from 68-58 BC, which Julius Caesar spent mainly in Rome, climbing the political ladder and outmaneuvering his many enemies. It opens with Caesar returning early from his quaestorship in Spain, and closes with his epochal departure for the Gallic campaigns. 
Some of the pivotal moments include Caesar's marriage to Pompeia; his curule aedileship; his narrow election as Pontifex Maximus in 63 BC; his praetorship in 62 BC; his divorce from Pompeia; his governorship of Further Spain; the first time he was hailed "imperator" on the field by his troops, the blocking of his triumphal parade by Marcus Porcius Cato; the creation of the First Triumvirate, which Caesar formed with Marcus Licinius Crassus and Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus in 60 BC; his betrothal of his daughter Julia to Pompey; his marriage to Calpurnia; and his first consulship, in 59 BC. 
Reflecting the title, Caesar's divorce and re-marriage come into play, as does his daughter's marriage, his lengthy affair with Servilia and his close relationship with his mother, Aurelia. However, most of the plot is concerned with the political struggles of Caesar's rise to power, his conflict with the conservative 'boni' faction, and his election to each post on the Roman ladder of government.

</doc>
<doc id="9634002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634002" title="Bob Avian">
Bob Avian

Bob Avian (born December 26, 1937) is an American choreographer and a theatre producer and director.
Born in New York City, Avian's spent his early career dividing his time between dancing in such Broadway shows as "West Side Story", "Funny Girl", and "Henry, Sweet Henry" and working as a production assistant on projects like "I Do! I Do!" and "Twigs". He first met Michael Bennett when they both appeared in "Nowhere to Go But Up" in 1962, and over the course of the next two decades the two collaborated on "Promises, Promises", "Coco", "Company", "Follies", "Seesaw", "God's Favorite", "A Chorus Line", "Ballroom", and "Dreamgirls", Avian's first credit as a solo producer. Additional Broadway credits include "Putting It Together" and the 2006 revival of "A Chorus Line", which he directed.
In London's West End, Avian choreographed "Follies", "Martin Guerre", "The Witches of Eastwick", "Miss Saigon", and "Sunset Boulevard", repeating the assignment for the Broadway productions of the latter two. He also staged "Hey, Mr. Producer!", the Cameron Mackintosh tribute. He is due to choreograph and direct the 2013 West End production of A Chorus Line, the first revival of the musical in London since the original in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9634004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634004" title="Karl Alpiger">
Karl Alpiger

Karl Alpiger (born April 27, 1961 in Wildhaus) is a former Swiss alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9634006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634006" title="Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit">
Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit

The Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit (, , , , , , ) is a monastic order of the Roman Catholic Church, founded in Hungary during the 13th century.
This name is derived from the hermit Saint Paul of Thebes (died ca. 345), canonized in 491 by Pope Gelasius I. After his death, a monastery taking him as its model was founded on Mount Sinai and still exists today.
History.
Formed in 1215 by the Blessed Eusebius of Esztergom (), of two communities, one founded at Patach in 121y Bishop Bartholomew of Pécs, who had united the scattered hermits of his diocese, and the other consisting of his own followers. In 1246 Blessed Eusebius, Canon of the cathedral of Esztergom, resigned his dignities, distributed his goods among the poor and withdrew to the solitude of the Pilis mountains, near Zante (probably related to present day Pilisszántó) to lead a life of penance with a few companions. Four years later he is said to have been admonished in a vision to gather into community the other hermits living in the vicinity, for whom he built a monastery and church the ruins of which are near the village of Pilisszentlélek (today a part of Esztergom).
In the same year Eusebius proposed and obtained affiliation with the Patach community under the rule prescribed by its founder, and was chosen superior. He received the approbation of Ladislaus, Bishop of Pécs, for the new Order, but the publication of the decrees of the Fourth Lateran Council at this time necessitated a journey to Rome to secure final authorization by the Holy See.
In 1263 a new Rule was given the congregation by the Bishop of Pécs, which was superseded by still another drawn up by Andrew, Bishop of Eger, after the death of Eusebius (January 20, 1270), and this was followed until 1308, when the permission of the Holy See was obtained to adopt the Rule of St. Augustine. The Order was accorded many privileges by succeeding pontiffs, among others that of exemption from episcopal jurisdiction, and provisions were made for the pursuit of higher studies in many of the monasteries, one papal regulation ordaining that no member could be raised to any dignity in the Order without the degree of Doctor of Divinity, for which a rigid examination was prescribed.
The Pauline Order spread rapidly through Hungary, where alone it soon numbered 170 houses, and it attained an equal degree of prosperity in other countries, being divided into five flourishing provinces: Hungary (including Croatia, especially Istria), Germany, Poland, Sweden. In 1381 the body of St. Paul, the patron saint of the order, was transferred from Venice to the Monastery of St. Laurence in Hungary, which thereby gained greatly in prestige. Among the other famous houses of the congregation are the historical Polish monastery of Our Lady of Jasna Góra (Bright Mountain) in Częstochowa, Poland), with its Miraculous Icon of the Black Madonna of Częstochowa (according to legend the work of St. Luke and discovered by St. Helena with the True Cross), and the monasteries at Pozsony (now Bratislava) and Wiener Neustadt near Vienna. The church of San Stefano Rotondo at Rome was attached to the Hungarian College by Gregory XIII.
In 1783 a number of houses in Bohemia, Austria proper, Styria etc. were suppressed, and political disturbances in Hungary brought the same fate to most of the Hungarian monasteries, which had rendered incalculable services to religion and education. The destruction of the annals of these houses left the historical sources very meager. There remained a handful of houses of the order in Poland.
At the beginning of the 20th century only two Pauline monasteries remained. One of them was the Church of Saint Michael the Archangel and Saint Stanislaus of Szczepanów - Bishop and Martyr connected to a monastery Na Skałce (On the Rock) in Kraków, Poland found by Jan Długosz, and regarded as a national sanctuary. The other was recalled earlier: the Monastery of Our Lady of Jasna Góra.
Among the members of the order to attain prominence were George Martinuzzi, bishop of Nagyvárad (Oradea) and cardinal (murdered 16 December 1551), an important figure in the history of Hungary; Matthias Fuhrmann of Hernals (d. 1773), historian of Austria and editor of the Acts of St. Paul of Thebes; Fortunatus Dürich (1802) and Franz Faustin Prochaska (d. 1809), editors of a Czech translation of the Scriptures.
The habit was originally brown, but about 1341 white was adopted, with a white belt or cincture, and over the white tunic a white scapular with a hood. In choir or more commonly in liturgical events, a white mantle is worn by monks in perpetual profession.
Blessed Eusebius of Esztergom.
Eusebius was born in Esztergom in the Kingdom of Hungary around 1200. He came from a wealthy, well to do family. He received his Ordination in the cathedral in Esztergom as a Canon Regular of Saint Augustine. In 1216, he received permission from the bishop to leave the cathedral and he began a hermitage in Pilis. In 1246, more of his brother canons and other hermits along the river Danube lived with him near Pilisszántó.
Around 1250 he founded the first real Pauline community at the monastery of the Holy Cross, where they adopted the rule hermits from the monastery of St. James in Patach (founded in 1215 by Bishop Bartholomew of Pécs).In 1256 he was elected the first Provincial of the Order. In 1262 he asked the Pope Urban IV established for the approval of the religious community, where they were given a temporal approval.On December 13, 1308 Cardinal Gentilis, as a legate of Pope Clement V, travelled from Rome to Hungary to grant the approval, and on this day he also bestowed the rule of Saint Augustine on behalf of the Holy See. A year later, the first monastic constitutions were approved.
Eusebius died on January 20, 1270, in the Monastery of the Holy Cross in Pilisszentkereszt. He was buried interred in the Monastery crypt. During the 150 years of Turkish occupation in Hungary, the Church and Monastery of the Holy Cross, including his tomb, was destroyed.
On November 16, 2004 the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments, in approving the new liturgical calendar of the Pauline Order, authorized the inclusion of the 20 January at the feast of Bl. Eusebius of Esztergom. it is noteworthy to mention that due to the close relation between the Hungarian people and the Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit, Blessed Eusebius was always referred to by the people as Blessed not long after his death and to this very day.
Coat of arms.
The Pauline coat of arms contains within it the symbols listed by St. Jerome, according to pious tradition, which are associated with the last moments of St. Paul of Thebes' life.
The Order today.
Charisma of the order today.
The essence of the Pauline Fathers are:
Pauline Formation.
To become a religious, it is necessary to undergo an initial period of testing as a religious brother, hence the Novitiate. This time is used to isolate a candidate for the seminary or religious to personal and telephone contact with family and existing friends. The Novice can write letters, which are subjected to censorship. During the novitiate the novices meet with their family only twice, on taking of the veil and on making first profession. During the novitiate, every Friday is a day during which novices are not allowed to talk to each other. The day ends with a joint ceremony, the Via Crucis. During their stay in the novitiate Brothers perform all work in the monastery farm: they work in the field at digging potatoes, with the breeding and maintenance of the pigs. They also do work in the monastery flower-vegetable garden. The entire period spent in the novitiate is to knead the Novice and show their convictions and of the stability of the candidate to make his decision to become a monk. It is also the period during which the older monks will need to assess the novices suitability for life in a group, such as the Order.
The Order generally accepts any men who have completed high school onwards. Those who are called to Holy Orders will undergo the following type of formation:
Men with no secondary education or who feel the call to the religious life but not to the priesthood and who wish to live in community can be religious brothers for life. To do this, they must go through the following stages of training:
It is note worthy to mention that this is the general scheme for all wishing to enter the Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit in Poland where the Majority of the Order is today. The countries offering formation is Hungary and the Cameroon. The Australian house is also offering limited formation at the designation of the major superior. Some Candidates are sent to Rome to either complete or commence their studies; this being said, Poland is where most of the formation is carried out.
General administration of the Order.
The rule.
The order has its own constitution and directory. They adhere to the Rule of St. Augustine. which was given to them in the year 1308.
Definitorium.
During the Chapter General Elections held on 6 and 7 March in 2014 A.D., the following Fathers were elected to the Following positions within the Order:
The term of office lasts six years Definitorium.
Distribution of the Order.
As of the 8th of December 2012, the Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit has 69 Homes/Monasteries/Parishes in 16 countries. There are currently 516 monks including 50 at various levels of formation and 1 Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Umzimkulu in the Republic of South Africa.
The Province of Germany was founded in 2002. Since April 14, 2008 Provincial is about Miroslaw setter . March 29, 2011. III during the Provincial Chapter of the Province of the Order of the German Election Pauline was re-elected for a second three-year provincial term.
The Americann Province was founded in 2008. Since November 2011 by Fr Nicholas Provincial Socha.
Province of Australia founded in 2008. From 16 January 2009 by Fr Wieslaw Provincial Waśniowski.
Quasi-Province of Hungary.
Quasi-Province of Croatia

</doc>
<doc id="9634036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634036" title="Marny Kennedy">
Marny Kennedy

Marny Kennedy is an Australian actress, singer, dancer and model. She is best known for her roles as Taylor Fry in the series "Mortified", and Veronica diAngelo #2 on "The Saddle Club". She also stars as Ally Henson in the TV series "A gURLs wURLd". In 2011 she appeared in the short-film "Golden Girl" as teenage Cilla, whose life is drastically changed after she becomes scarred by a fire.
Discography.
Marny Kennedy appears on some CDs for "The Saddle Club".
Awards.
Marny Kennedy won the Australian Film Institute's 2006 Young Actor Award for her starring role in Mortified.

</doc>
<doc id="9634045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634045" title="Buddhism in Taiwan">
Buddhism in Taiwan

Buddhism is a major religion in Taiwan. Many Taiwanese people practice the Chinese traditional religion which integrates Buddhist elements, Confucian principles, local practices and Taoist tradition. (Roles for religious specialists from both Buddhist and Taoist traditions exist on special occasions such as childbirth and funerals). Of these, a smaller number identify more specifically with Chinese Buddhist teachings and institutions, without necessarily eschewing practices from other Asian traditions. One study proposes that 7 to 15 percent of Taiwanese are Buddhist in the strict sense. A distinguishing feature of this form of Buddhism is the practice of vegetarianism.
Taiwan government statistics distinguish Buddhism from Taoism, giving almost equal numbers for both (in 2005, 8 million and 7.6 million, respectively, out of a total population of 23 million). Many of Taiwan's self-declared "Buddhists" actually observe the more syncretistic practices associated with Chinese traditional religion. Self-avowed Buddhists may also be adherents of more localized faiths such as I-kuan Tao, which also emphasize Buddhist figures like Guanyin or Maitreya and espouse vegetarianism. They are mostly vegetarians.
Four local Buddhist teachers whose institutions are especially significant are popularly likened to the "Four Heavenly Kings of Taiwanese Buddhism." They are:
Several of these figures have been influenced by the Humanistic Buddhism (人間佛教) of Master Yin Shun (印順), a theological approach which has come to distinguish Taiwanese Buddhism. (Sheng-yen's tradition is formally Zen Buddhist; Yin Shun was inspired by Taixu 太虛, who is less well known in Taiwan.) Their missions have branches all over the world. In a reversal of the older historical relationship, these Taiwanese Buddhists have played important roles in the revival of Buddhism in China.
This notion of ‘Humanistic Buddhism’ promotes a more direct relationship between Buddhist communities and the wider society. Also known as Socially Engaged Buddhism, its focuses on the improvement of society through participation in aspects such as environmental conservation. As mentioned before a large proportion of mainstream Buddhist institutions emphasize this approach.
Venerable Taixu (1890-1947) contributed greatly to this approach, as he was somewhat disappointed with a continuous focus on only ritual and ceremony. Taixu went about promoting more direct contributions to society through the Buddhist community. In fact he had three goals which were to spread Buddhism through the monastic community, encourage lay people to act according to Buddhist teachings in order to bring enlightenment to their lives and to establish Mahayana Buddhism as a significant component not only domestically but also internationally.
Today Buddhist institutions are responsible for a number of public goods such as colleges and hospitals as well as disaster relief. This approach has filtered down to current generations and has received widespread support. In fact Taixu’s approach can be directly attributed to the rapid growth in Buddhism experienced over the past few decades. There is some discrepancy between specific institutions on the role Buddhism should play in the political arena. Generally speaking members of Buddhist institutions are advised against participating in politics. For example members of the Fo Guang Shan Buddhist school are encouraged to promote modern values such as equality, freedom and reason however concern should not necessarily lead to an intrusion into the political sphere. It is also worth noting that many members of these mainstream Buddhist institutions are derived from the middle class. Among many social groups in Taiwanese society the middle class has greatly benefited from Taiwan’s economic success. With more free time these members of society seek to engage in activities that give meaning to their lives and for many Buddhist institutions are able to provide this.
Also, these Buddhist schools contribute through cultural events and practices by publishing reading materials and by providing classes for calligraphy, dance and art.Page text. Not only do Buddhist institutions contribute directly to society but they also seem to embed themselves in the lives of many through this emphasis on culture. It enables all citizens to include Buddhism in their lives and removes barriers between monks and nuns performing rituals in a far away monastery and the requirements of everyday life. This in turn creates a sense of belonging and identity within Taiwanese society helping to propagate Buddhism for many generations to come.
History.
Early years.
Buddhism was brought to Taiwan in the time of the Ming dynasty by settlers from Fukien and Kwangtung Provinces. The Dutch colonial rulers, who controlled Taiwan from 1624 until 1663, discouraged Buddhism, since idol worship was punishable by public flogging and banishment by Dutch law. In 1664, Cheng Cheng-kung (Koxinga) drove the Dutch from Taiwan. His son Cheng Ching established the first Buddhist temple in Taiwan. During this period, Buddhist practice was not pervasive, with Buddhist monks only performing funeral and memorial services.
When the Qing dynasty took control of Taiwan by defeating of Cheng Ching's son, Ching Ning, in 1683, large numbers of monks came from Fukien and Kwangtung provinces to establish temples, particularly those devoted to Guan Yin, and a number of different Buddhist sects flourished. Monastic Buddhism, however, did not arrive until the 1800s.
Japanese period.
During the Japanese period (1895–1945), many schools of Japanese Buddhism came to Taiwan to propagate their Buddhism teachings, such as Kegon (華厳宗), Tendai (天台宗), Shingon Buddhism (真言宗), Rinzai school (臨済宗), Sōtō (曹洞宗), Jōdo shū (浄土宗), Jōdo Shinshū (浄土真宗) and Nichiren Buddhism (日蓮宗). During the same period, most Taiwan Buddhist temples came to affiliate with one of three central temples:
As a Japanese colony, Taiwan fell under the influence of Japanese Buddhism. Many temples experienced pressure to affiliate with Japanese lineages, including many whose status with respect to Buddhism or Taoism was unclear. (Emphasis on the Chinese folk religion was widely considered a form of protest against Japanese rule.) Attempts were made to introduce a married priesthood (as in Japan). These failed to take root, as emphasis on vegetarianism and/or clerical celibacy became another means of anti-Japanese protest.
World War II.
With Japan's defeat in World War II, Taiwan fell under the control of Chiang Kai-shek's government, resulting in contrary political pressures. In 1949, a number of mainland monks fled to Taiwan alongside Chiang's military forces, and received preferential treatment by the new regime. During this period, Buddhist institutions fell under the authority of the government-controlled Buddhist Association of China (:zh:中國佛教會). Originally established in 1947 (in Nanjing), it was dominated by "mainland" monks. Its authority began to decline in the 1960s, when independent Buddhist organizations began to be permitted; and especially since the 1987 lifting of martial law in Taiwan.
Modern developments.
One of the first private networks of Buddhist centers was that of Hsing Yun, who first attained popularity through the new medium of radio broadcasts in the 1950s and later through publication of Buddhist audio on phonograph discs, leading the founding of Fo Guang Shan in 1967. Another key figure was Cheng Yen, a nun who was ordained by the aforementioned Yin Shun and later founded Tzu Chi, Taiwan's most important charity organization. It is difficult to overestimate the impact of her personal example on the image of Taiwan's sangha. Tzu Chi runs several hospitals in Taiwan, and conducts worldwide relief work. A 1999 earthquake centered in Puli brought praise for Tzu Chi for its effective response, in contrast with that of the Taiwanese government.
During the 1980s, Buddhist leaders pressed Taiwan's Ministry of Education to relax various policies preventing the organization of a Buddhist university. The eventual result was that in the 1990s—flush with contributions made possible by Taiwan's "miracle economy"—not one but half a dozen such schools emerged, each associated with a different Buddhist leader. Among them were Tzu Chi University, Hsuan-Chuang University, Huafan University, Fo Guang University, Nanhua University, and Dharma Drum Buddhist College. The regulations of Taiwan's Ministry of Education prohibit recognized colleges and universities from requiring religious belief or practice, and these institutions therefore appear little different from others of their rank. (Degrees granted by seminaries, of which Taiwan has several dozen, are not recognized by the government.)
In 2001, Master Hsin Tao (心道) of Ling Jiou Shan opened the Museum of World Religions (世界宗教博物館) in Taipei. In addition to exhibits on ten different world religions, the museum also features "Avatamsaka World," a model illustrating the Avatamsaka Sutra.
In 2009 Taiwan lost one if its most influential Buddhist teachers when Sheng-yen of the Dharma Drum Mountain monastery died.
Development of the Vajrayana schools.
In recent decades Vajrayana Buddhism has increased in popularity in Taiwan as Tibetan lamas from the four major Tibetan schools (Kagyu, Nyingma, Sakya and Gelug) have visited the island, including the 14th Dalai Lama, who visited the island thrice in 1997, 2001 and 2009.
The Koyasan Shingon sect of Japan also maintains its own practice centers and temples in Taiwan, some of them historically established during the Japanese period of Taiwanese history, while others were established in the post-WWII era in order to re-establish an orthodox Esoteric Buddhist lineage that was long eliminated during the Tang Dynasty.
The True Buddha School, founded in the late 1980s by Taiwanese native Lu Sheng-yen, is one of the more well known of the Vajrayana sects in Taiwan, although at least seven established Buddhist organisations have charged that the group functions as a personality cult.
Recent growth.
Statistics provided by the Interior Ministry show that Taiwan's Buddhist population grew from 800,000 in 1983 to 4.9 million in 1995, a 600 percent increase against an overall population rise of about twelve percent. Additionally, in the same period the number of registered Buddhist temples increased from 1,157 to 4,020, and the number of monks and nuns was up 9,300 monks and nuns, up from 3,470 in 1983. This trend can be attributed to the activity of various charismatic teachers, such as those mentioned above.
There are also a number of other factors, which can be attributed to the increase. Since the late 70s there has been a decrease in Christian presence (175 BWC). With less competition Buddhism has been able to flourish and appeal to a wider audience. A number of other factors are also important such as a general search for identity among Taiwanese citizens, increased urbanization as well as a sense of isolation in an increasingly impersonal society (175 BWC). Naturally this would lead to an increase in the participation for a number of religions however Buddhism has definitely benefited.
Aside from societal influences there have also been a number of developments when it comes to the Buddhist community. As Buddhist groups become more involved in people’s everyday lives there has been a general push to make the teachings of Buddhism more relevant and applicable to modern- day issues such as environmental protection, human rights and stress management.
Economic growth and general prosperity has also been an important factor for Buddhism in Taiwan. As people acquire time-saving goods such as cars and appliances, extra time can be allocated to an activity which can help provide meaning or a goal to people’s lives. This has definitely been the case in Taiwan where people look for deeper satisfaction beyond the immediate and the materialistic. Economic prosperity has also meant that donations and volunteering have increased throughout a number of Taiwanese communities.
Historical elements have a part to play. Buddhism faced severe challenges between 1949-78. Buddhism, among other aspects, was seen as an aspect of Chinese culture that was holding the nation back. Many monks and nuns were forced to give up their monastic lives and become part general society. It wasn’t until 1978 that Buddhism has been able to re-surface on the mainland.
However there has been a different experience in Taiwan. Significant funding and a more liberal approach to religion as enabled Taoism, Buddhism and other folk religions to spread. This different environment has enabled Taiwan to become, what some consider now as the centre of Chinese Buddhism with many schools, temples and shrines established all over the island by many prominent Buddhist leaders. This growth has seen Buddhism become a very significant religious presence in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="9634087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634087" title="List of Battle Angel Alita characters">
List of Battle Angel Alita characters

The Battle Angel Alita manga series features a cast of characters designed by Yukito Kishiro. The series takes place around the city of Scrapyard where residents, of whom many are heavily modified by cybernetics to better cope with the hard life, are forced to make a living.
The series focuses on Alita, the protagonist and title character, a young cyborg with amnesia struggling to uncover her forgotten past through the only thing she remembers from it: fighting. Early on in the story, Daisuke Ido, a bounty-hunting cybernetic doctor who finds and revives Alita plays a major role as well, but midway through the manga he becomes marginalized as focus begins to increasingly shift to Desty Nova, an eccentric nanotechnology scientist who has fled from Tiphares. Nova is the mastermind behind many of the enemies and trials that Alita faces, but does not make an actual appearance until more than two years into the story, although he is alluded to early on. Finally, Kaos, Desty Nova's son, a frail and troubled radio DJ with psychometric powers, also begins to play a crucial role after he comes in contact with Alita. He broadcasts his popular radio show from the wastelands outside the Scrapyard, staying away from the increasing conflict between Tiphares and the rebel army Barjack.
Protagonist.
Gally/Alita.
Alita, known in Japan as , is the main protagonist of "Battle Angel Alita", written by Yukito Kishiro. She is known for her fighting prowess as a practitioner of the powerful cyborg martial art Panzer Kunst and skill at the most popular sport in The Scrapyard, motorball. Alita is occasionally referred to as "octopus lips" due to her pouty expression. Alita's background and history were briefly hinted at in "Battle Angel Alita", but were not fully explored until "Last Order", which reveals that Alita was highly instrumental in creating the world within which both manga series are set.
Alita takes on a variety of roles through the manga, starting out as a hunter-warrior or licensed bounty hunter. She later becomes a motorball player, two years after which she is recruited by the Tipharean Ground Investigation Bureau to be an elite member of the TUNED, unknowingly serving as the basis for the development of their combat cyborgs known as the AR (Alita Replica) series which debut towards the end of "Battle Angel Alita". In "Last Order", a replica of her spearheads a team called the Space Angels which includes three other replicas that competes in the LADDER-sponsored Zenith of Things Tournament. 
The original Alita, known in Japan as , was Ido's black cat, who died a month before he found the remains of cyborg Gally/Alita in the Tiphares junkyard and is her namesake. Gally the cat was a male, and Ido's friend Gonzu comments that it is strange to name a girl after a male cat. The cat makes an appearance in the manga as part of a dream that Alita experiences while being trapped in Desty Nova's Ouroboros program. Interestingly, in the dream Alita is named "Gally" while the cat is named "Alita." Nova himself appears in this dream as "Uncle Nova," reflecting that he cannot get along with the cat. After Kaos in the guise of a dream Den attempts to rescue the real Alita from the Ouroboros and begins fighting with the giant Great Martian King dream robot, the dream Alita and dream Gally merge, appearing in the form of the real Alita. The "Seiyakyoku" reveals that Ido took the original Alita in shortly after he arrived in the Scrapyard, at least five years before he found Alita in the Tiphares junkyard.
"Last Order: Alita".
The protagonist of "Last Order." A replica with the memories and, initially, the combat abilities of the Original Alita. 
Daisuke Ido.
Ido considers Alita to be like a daughter to him and their relationship progresses through several stages as Alita grows mentally and emotionally. As Ido wanted Alita to remain pure and unsullied, he is originally opposed to her becoming a hunter-warrior, but accepts her decision. He later accepts her decisions to play motorball and "leave the nest" after retiring from motorball. Ido is later nearly driven to madness and erases his own memory after learning the secret of Tiphares. Daisuke Ido has no active role in "Battle Angel Alita: Last Order" besides appearing in Alita's thoughts, that is until the Alita Quest arc. 
Desty Nova.
Desty Nova, known in Japan as , is a former citizen of Tiphares who has used his extensive scientific knowledge and expertise in nanotechnology to save Makaku and Jashugan, as well as resurrect Ido and Alita from states that would normally be classified as 'dead,' even in this world where cyborgs are commonplace. He fled Tiphares to obtain the freedom necessary to experiment with live humans, a component he deems necessary in his research of karma and psychological capacity. A dream sequence shows that had his situation been different, he could have easily been a loving, protective father figure for Alita. He has injected himself with nanomachines that can repair dismemberment and give him pseudo-immortality. Nova possesses knowledge of the secret of Tiphares, one that could drive its citizens mad if released. Nova has a perk for the dessert dish flan, and can often be seen eating it, boasting that he thinks better while enjoying it. His name is a reference to the song "Astronomy" by Blue Öyster Cult.
Although he is generally villainous in "Battle Angel Alita", Nova exists as much more of a neutral, ambiguous figure in "Last Order", where he is one of Alita's key allies. In the original manga, Nova has two assistants who do not appear in "Last Order".
A prodigal scientist who goes beyond the seemingly mad, amoral man in Battle Angel Alita and becomes a more complex ally and adviser. He appears in several different incarnations due to his "Stereotomy" ability, an atmospheric nanotechnological process that, should Nova be killed, automatically restores him as he was before death, right down to his memories and even clothing.
Original Nova
At the end of the original "Battle Angel Alita" series, Alita decapitates Nova in battle, however, he survives regardless thanks to a second "back-up" brain bio-chip stored in his abdomen. After killing Alita with a bomb, Nova transports her remains to Tiphares and, along with assistant Jim Roscoe, resurrects her at the start of "Last Order". Later he creates the Stereotomy process (making him effectively immortal) and exposes the brain bio-chip conspiracy to the Tipharean population; mass insanity quickly devastates the metropolis and Roscoe himself kills the Original Desty Nova, looting his two brain bio-chips. These bio-chips would later fall into Alita's hands.
Nova II
After Roscoe kills the Original Nova, the Stereonomy process creates "Nova II". This version of Nova decides to replace Alita's living brain with a bio-chip before she awakens from her resurrection, placing her brain in a protected crate known as the "F-Box". After Alita awakens, he insinuates himself as an ally of an unsuspecting Alita, offering to help her locate the brain of Lou Collins in exchange for bodyguard duties as he travels to Ketheres. Once at Ketheres, Nova II encounters Aga Mbadi, who explains that he, along with the Tipharean citizenry, are "manufactured" with the eventual goal of producing geniuses such as himself. Mbadi then defeats Alita and her team and captures Nova II, destroying his body and keeping the bio-chips with the intent of assimilating them into his mind; he later decides instead to resurrect Nova II as his new assistant and henchman: "Super Nova".
Super Nova
Mbadi creates a powerful new body for Nova II later dubbed "Super Nova". The bio-chip pair of Nova II are now housed inside the skull and run parallel to each other, similar to Mbadi's own ability, and making this Nova more intelligent yet far more ruthless and vicious. Super Nova is also empowered with a hacking ability similar to Mbadi's, called "Secare Deum"; like his superior, it gives him complete mastery over electronics and machinery in his presence. Super Nova confronts Alita at the Incubator where Lou Collins' brain is held, revealing that the F-Box contains Alita's own brain, and offers a trade in exchange for inserting Alita's brain into the Incubator. He then destroys Alita when she attempts to renege on the deal afterward; Alita survives the ordeal more powerful than ever, but Super Nova remains a serious threat and major villain.
Porta Nova
After Alita survives her defeat after first meeting Mbadi, she recruits hacker Ping Wu, using the Original Nova's bio-chips as collateral. Wu installs one of the chips into a portable device he dubs "Porta Nova". This version of Nova is incapable of independent movement, but is able to hack into computers alongside Alita and Wu. He accompanies Alita on her mission to raid the Incubator at Ketheres where Lou's brain is held, providing helpful advice and support. As one of the Original Nova's bio-chips, he has no memory of any event later than his death at the hands of Jim Roscoe. Porta Nova is present when Alita encounters Super Nova at the Incubator, and is destroyed completely by Super Nova himself after he refuses to work with his more diabolical persona.
Nova X
When Nova II's body is destroyed by Mbadi, the Stereotomy process once again creates another version of Nova back on Tiphares. This version of Nova has no unique ability of his own, and has no shared knowledge of events with other Novas after Nova II is killed. Nova X is primarily interested uniting the surviving Tiphareans against aggression from the outer space factions, often espousing the values of flan as he does so. Nova X is later recruited by Porta Nova to help battle Super Nova, who reveals that all life on Earth is soon to be purged by Ketherean forces. However, when Porta Nova and Alita are both destroyed, Nova X is forced to make a hasty escape.
Antagonists.
Jashugan.
Jashugan, known in Japan as , is a fictional character in the "Battle Angel Alita" manga by Yukito Kishiro. He is the current reigning champion of the most popular sport in the Scrapyard, motorball, a cross between Ancient Roman gladiatoral combat and speed skating. Jashugan is perhaps the one opponent whom the series protagonist Alita respects the most, largely because they are similar in many respects. The two also "see each other as competitive rivals instead of hated enemies". Jashugan's only family is his younger sister Shumira.
Jashugan's background prior to his motorball career is not revealed, nor how long he has been competing in the sport. In ES 571, five years before Ido found Alita in the Tiphares junkyard, Jashugan was a rookie in the highest motorball league, the Top League. He and his rival Esdoc (better known as "Ed") were involved in a deadly accident in which Jashugan sustained massive brain damage. He would have died had not Desty Nova intervened and performed reconstructive brain surgery on him. Using a Tipharean technology called Gehirn Umbao (German for "brain rebuild"), Nova used nanomachines to rebuild the column structure of Jashugan’s cerebral cortex and strengthen his neurons with artificial proteins. The reconstruction helped Jashugan survive and become the motorball champion. This was in stark contrast to Ed, who also survived, but became dependent on acceleration drug injections to stay competitive, which resulted in a side effect called "Terminal Frost" which forced his eventual retirement. The relationship between the two is cordial, but deep down Ed still seeks to surpass Jashugan, and tries to do this vicariously through Alita after he becomes her manager years later in ES 578.
Jashugan paid a high price for his brain reconstruction as a side effect has been the constant risk of death, and he has suffered an increasing series of spasmatic attacks that have caused his heart rate to flatline. He has recovered from these attacks on his own in the past, but during a race that is watched by Daisuke Ido, Shumira, Alita, and Ed in which he is forced to pit by one of these attacks, it takes Ido’s intervention to save his life. After this, Jashugan knows that his death is near, but cannot reconcile himself to his "absolute death".
Jashugan is a master of the Maschine Klatsch, a formidable cyborg martial art of which he is the only practitioner of following the death of his master shortly before his own death. He is also adept at focusing his chi. This enables him to concentrate a lot of power into even a normal civilian cyborg body and defeat opponents in powered-up cyborg bodies. After Ed's retirement, no other motorball player can match him in combat except for Alita and her Panzer Kunst.
Jashugan is so good that when he races, he must handicap himself by removing his right arm and face three-man challenge teams. His motorball body has two grinders built into each arm capable of rotating at high speeds, which increases the deadliness of his Maschine Klatsch as they can tear through cyborg armor and dismember opposing players. Nonetheless, his flatline attacks have resulted in him participating in fewer races over time.
After she meets Jashugan, Alita challenges him to an arm-wrestling match with her heart literally as the stakes. The match appears to end as a draw, but Jashugan afterwards notes that he would have lost had it gone on for longer. To save Alita face, he proposes that they meet again on the motorball circuit on the condition that she assemble a challenge team of at least five members including herself. Knowing that he is close to death, the match is the one thing that he has to look forward to in order to fight for Shumira and uphold his honor as champion. Prior to the race, Ido, as Jashugan's personal tuner, prepared a direct interface so he could transmit Shumira's brainwaves to Jashugan's brain if necessary should he suffer another flatline as a contingency, a measure he took that saved Jashugan before. Jashugan nullifies this however, by administering a sedative to his younger sister, setting himself up for a deathmatch with Alita.
During the challenge race, Jashugan rips through Alita’s teammates in seconds, leaving the two of them alone to fight it out. Trading blow for blow, Jashugan nearly has Alita at one point, but she is saved by Tiegel (one of Alita's teammates, who manages to distract Jashugan for a few seconds). In the final moments of their battle, right when he's about to win, Jashugan suffers a flatline attack and becomes unable to move. Alita then deals him a killing
blow. That should have been the end of the battle; however, Jashugan's fighting spirit is so strong that he manages to reanimate his "dead" body through raw chi power. He stands up, attacks Alita and completely defeats her before "dying" again, this time for good.
The side story "" shows Alita and Jashuan's fight on TV and reveals that Alita has a poster of Jashugan on her apartment wall when she is living on her own after retiring from motorball. Twelve years after their match when Alita infiltrates Desty Nova's hideout, the Granite Inn, in search of Nova, she encounters Jashugan in a dream sequence when she is trapped by Nova’s Ouroboros program. Forced to confront her inner doubts and fears, Alita fights Jashugan again and, this time, defeats him. He congratulates her and encourages her to "aspire to reach heights I was unable to attain". Alita's victory enables her to break out of the Ouroboros and confront Nova. Kishiro has said of this second fight that Alita and Jashugan "had to confront each other again", as "many things had not been said" during their first fight.
Jashugan has also appeared in Alita's thoughts in "", when she was fighting Caerula Sanguis.
Makaku.
Born as a human, spent his entire life in the sewers of the Scrapyard, captivated by the life he could see outside. Three years before the beginning of the main story, Makaku was burned with a flamethrower by a pair of Scrapyarders while looking at the goings on through a sewer grate. He survived the attack, but his body began to rot and he nearly died. Desty Nova found Makaku and offered to give him a new, personalized body reflecting his innermost desires.
Makaku's new cyborg body consisted of a large head attached to a long, maggot-like body, which allowed him a great deal of mobility. He was also characterized by his long tongue and tendency to slobber. A large spike on top of his head could be fired as a single use projectile weapon. However, Makaku's deadliest ability was being able to take over the bodies of other cyborgs by using his body to jack into their spinal columns and then remove their heads with his newly-won control. He would take over powerful cyborg bodies and use their strength to acquire brains (preferably human, but even dog) in order to eat them to satisfy his endorphin addiction. Makaku justified his existence in destruction, and despite a bounty being placed on him, was so formidable that no hunter-warrior dared go after him for years.
Makaku is the first major adversary that Alita faces. In their first fight she succeeds in crippling the body he is then possessing as well as blinding him in his left eye by impaling it with one of her arms. However, her first cyborg body is destroyed in the process. Makaku survives the fight and almost kills Ido by impaling him with his head spike, swearing vengeance on both him and Alita before escaping. He seeks out the reigning champion of the coliseum, Kinuba, to take over his custom-built Power Body. Makaku then goes up against Alita in her new Berserker Body in the Scrapyard sewers. After a long fight, the Power Body is destroyed and Makaku nearly kills Alita in a plasma explosion that he triggers. However, she creates an electromagnetic barrier to shield them both, enabling her to talk with him. Makaku tells her his life story, revealing that she is the first person who seriously took notice of him by trying to stop him. For the first time in his life he is at peace as he is consumed by the plasma.
Zapan.
Murdock finally confronted Zapan in the sewers with his four cyborg dogs, but Alita intervened and gave Zapan the opportunity to attack her while her back was turned and she played a song on a portable keyboard. Zapan could not bring himself to attack and was torn to pieces by Murdock’s dogs. However his head survived and was recovered by Barzarld. Desty Nova was able to partially restore Zapan’s brain and in response to its deepest desire for revenge, released the safety lock on the Berserker Body to allow the brain to merge with it. However the body went out of control and after fusing with Zapan’s brain destroyed Nova’s lab and manor, killing Ido who had been there in an attempt to recover the Berserker Body from Nova. Zapan tracked Alita to Bar New Kansas but when he found that she was not there he killed Gonzu and the hunter-warriors who attacked him. Murdock faced him and allowed Shumira and Master to escape, destroying the bar and dying in the process, but Zapan survived. He then went on a rampage through the Scrapyard which the Factory Army was powerless to stop. Alita confronted him the following day armed with a revolver equipped with bullets tipped with collapser nanomachines that Nova had developed to destroy the Berserker Body at the molecular level. Despite a close, tough fight, she was able to fire two rounds into Zapan, which caused the Berserker Body to break down. Zapan made a last-ditch attempt to absorb Alita, which she thwarted by swallowing some of the collapser. Prior to his death Alita saw a vision of him and Sara together in which Zapan expressed regret for what he had done and was forgiven and accepted by Sara. Before hitting the ground his last act was to form a pair of wings to break Alita’s fall. Despite surviving the fight and defeating Zapan Alita was sentenced to death by the Factory for the Class A crime of using a firearm. Zapan is voiced by Julian B. Wilson.
Supporting characters.
Scrapyard residents.
Gonzu.
A former cyber veterinarian who now runs a Japanese food shack, is the closest friend that Ido has in the Scrapyard and is shown visiting Ido at his clinic. He saves Ido after the latter is almost killed by Makaku, and under Ido's direction, transfers Alita from her first cyborg body into the Berserker Body. Gonzu also helps Ido transplant Hugo's head onto a cyborg body. A regular at Bar Kansas, Gonzu is the first person killed by Zapan when he goes to Bar New Kansas in the Berserker Body in search of Alita. The side story "Seiyakyoku" reveals that six years before Ido found Alita, he saved Gonzu's life when he found him near death in the street. At this time, Gonzu's food shack was a cart that he pulled. Gonzu aids Ido, who has been rendered homeless, by hosting him and Carol and getting him in touch with the cyberphysician Gauss. Gonzu makes a brief appearance in the OVA, in which he is known as Gonz.
Hugo.
Hugo, known in Japan as , is an orphaned teenager who was raised by his much older brother and his wife Nana. He ran away from home after Nana betrayed his brother to the hunter-warrior Clive Lee for building an illegal airship to attempt to fly to Tiphares. Since then he has inherited a burning desire to go to the floating city himself. He first encountered Vector three years before the start of the main story, when he recognized his brother's hand being sold by one of the latter's dealers, and impressed Vector by voluntarily trading his hand for his brother's. Believing that Vector could access Tiphares because of his pull in the Scrapyard, he fell for Vector's offer to get him there if he could bring him 10 million chips. Hugo ostensibly performs odd maintenance jobs for Scrapyard residents such as Ido, but has taken to illegally supplementing his income by posing along with his accomplices Tanji and Van, as a lubrication crew for cyborgs. They then paralyze their victims and steal their spinal columns, as these fetch the highest prices on the black market for body parts.
Alita meets Hugo during her hunt for Megil, and is impressed by his willingness to protect her even though he is grossly outmatched. The two then strike up a friendship which Alita makes clear she would like to take further, and she embarks on a bounty-hunting spree to help Hugo reach his 10 million chip mark. However Hugo is blinded by his obsession with Tiphares and does not realize that Alita is romantically interested in him. After his run in with Zapan, Hugo becomes a marked bounty. Despite learning the truth about him, Alita is still willing to go with him to Tiphares. He is nearly killed by Clive Lee, and is only saved by Alita linking her life support to his brain. Transplanted into a cyborg body by Ido, Hugo learns the reality that a surface dweller such as himself has no hope of reaching Tiphares. After confronting Vector with this, who also confirms it, he attempts to climb one of the Factory tubes that connects Tiphares to the Scrapyard. He makes it up further than any previous person, but is crippled by a massive spiked ring dropped down the tube. Alita is able to reach him just before a second one is dropped, but cannot save him, as his torso is shredded. Hugo is able to share his last words with Alita before falling to his death. This subsequently leads Alita to quit being a hunter-warrior and turn to motorball.
Hugo is a main character in the OVA, where he is known as Yugo.
Vector.
"Battle Angel Alita" reveals that Vector is assisted by Myra, unnamed in the Japanese version, who works for Vector out of a mobile clinic. Vector buys stolen spinal columns from Hugo and—knowing that no-one can go to Tiphares—offered to send Hugo to Tiphares for 10 million chips. Although he used Hugo, Vector has some honor: he repeatedly protected Hugo by killing witnesses and hiding Hugo, and offered Hugo management of the supply routes (a highly lucrative position). Vector later sustains serious injury and escapes with his life after meeting with Den as the Barjack closed in on Tiphares, but is instrumental in bringing peace to the world when Tiphares almost collapses and the factories shut down.
Vector also appears in the OVA where he has a stake in the Coliseum gladiators (in addition to his black market dealings). He also he has more control over exports to Zalem (Tiphares). He is killed in the OVA when he is impaled after being confronted by Ido over Hugo. 
Shumira.
Two years after Alita quits motorball, Shumira is working as a waitress at Bar New Kansas. She narrowly misses being killed by Zapan when he arrives in search of Alita, and survives the destruction of the bar. Along with the Bar New Kansas barkeep and Koyomi, she winds up at a refugee camp on the outskirts of the Scrapyard, where she meets her future husband. Shumira stays with the volunteer group and eventually she and her husband have eight children.
Koyomi K..
Koyomi appears in "Battle Angel Alita: Last Order" as a 14-year-old boarding with her father in an antiques shop when she witnesses Kaos being run over by a taxi and subsequently helps him. She later witnesses Kaos's transformation (when he receives the paper airplane that Alita had thrown from Tiphares) and Vector’s subsequent agreement to fund the Tower of Tiphares. Koyomi is the focus of the side story , in which she acts on a tip that a resurrected Den has been ambushing Scrapyard supply convoys. As a result of her dealings with the eccentric Geriperi and the ambitious manager of Farm 3, Eakins, she eventually discovers a purpose in life. The side story further reveals that Koyomi a celebrity among the Barjack because of a photograph Buick took of her and Fury, which he subsequently sold.
Motorball-affiliated.
The following fictional characters are affiliated with the sport of motorball in the Battle Angel Alita manga.
Alita.
After Hugo's death, Alita ran away from Ido. She was shortly afterwards found in a bar by Ed, who recruited her to become a motorball player and signed her to a 12 race contract. When Ido finds out that she has become a motorball player a month later, Alita has already become a well-known and popular player, going on to win five straight races in the Third League before moving up to the Second League and picking up a sponsor, Mr. Thompson. She successfully defeats Ajakutty in a practice match over the number 99, earning the right to wear the number in the Second League and Ajakutty's respect. After directly challenging Jashugan, Alita is only shown competing in her debut race in the Second League, from which she determines who will make up her five-man challenge team. Against Ed's wishes, she plans to quit motorball after the challenge race with Jashugan, having completed her racing contract. In the challenge race, Jashugan successfully defeats Alita's teammates, leaving the two of them alone to duel. Forced to fight harder than she ever has before, Alita is severely damaged by Jashugan's final attack, but manages to kill him. She carries out her promise and retires from motorball afterwards.
Alita's Challenge Team.
The following players were selected by Alita to be the members of her five-man team to challenge Jashugan.
Ajakutty.
The original player wearing number 99 in the Second League before Alita qualified for it, Ajakutty refuses to relinquish the number to Alita, who wore it in the Third League and is determined to continue wearing it, without a fight. In a best of three rounds practice match, he wins the first round but loses the second. Recognizing Alita’s superior abilities, Ajakutty forfeits the third match and relinquishes the number to Alita. She earns his respect and he becomes her closest ally in motorball. Ajakutty calls Alita “Sister” instead of by her name, and she in turn calls him “Ajy.”
Ajakutty is a player who relishes the fight more than the win. His ranking of 23rd is thus deceptive, and he has crashed over 200 players. His fighting style is what he calls the “Asian Arts,” with an emphasis on kicks. Three other players, Balgerald, Skaramasakus, and Halberd, are Ajakutty’s disciples, and each specializes in a particular discipline. In his first race with Alita, Ajakutty takes on the Second League champion Armblessed for the first time after the latter has dispatched two of his students, and barely escapes with his life. He is the third member of the challenge team to be dispatched by Jashugan. Like Armblessed, he survives the encounter and is recovered from the track. Alita’s decision to quit motorball after the match with Jashugan leads him to label her as an outsider, as he realizes that she is not in it for the game.
Armblessed.
The arrogant, brutal Second League champion, Armblessed is renowned for his cruelty and commands a fanatical following among his fans, who willingly offer their hands to be cut off by him and placed on his horns (the “Hands of Victory”) as part of his pre-win ritual during races. His weapons are diamond-edged chain blades built into his arms and legs that can cut through any other player’s armor. Armblessed uses his blades to deliver devastating cuts that slice his opponents vertically and horizontally.
During Alita’s Second League race debut, Armblessed makes short work of both Halberd and Bargerald, provoking a fight with Ajakutty. Letting the latter take his right leg, he extends a spike from his body that he uses as the basis for his Gushiken (the “Taiwanese Spin"), which makes him spin like a top along the track and slice whoever is in his way to pieces with his chain blades. After crippling Ajakutty, Armblessed gets into a fight with Alita in which his chain blades are matched up against her Damascus blades, with Alita coming out on top and Armblessed flying off the track and out of the race. Still arrogant in defeat, Armblessed is nonetheless chosen against his will to be a member of Alita’s challenge team. He is the first player to be taken on by Jashugan, who, impervious to his chain blades, uses his arm rotors to tear Armblessed’s body to shreds. Jashugan then uses one of Armblessed's chain blades that has been severed from him to slice Zafal Takie in two and prevent her from securing the motorball. Armblessed’s head survives and he is picked up off the track along with Ajakutty by a recovery team.
Zafal Takie.
Zafal Takie is the only other female motorball player shown besides Alita. She relies on her speed and technique as opposed to fighting prowess to win, being skilled enough to get within speaking distance of Alita without the latter noticing until the last minute. Since her debut, she has won three straight races. In her fourth race she succeeded in maneuvering Skaramasakus off the track and into the crash area, claiming the motorball. She then challenged Alita, winning their initial confrontation and forcing Alita to pit. However, Takie lost their second confrontation when Alita returned to the track. Her performance earns her a spot on Alita’s challenge team. During the challenge race, she is sliced in two by one of Armblessed’s chain blades wielded by Jashugan while reaching for the motorball. It is implied that she survived because her brain remained intact, although she is not explicitly shown being picked up by a recovery crew.
Tiegel.
Holding the lowest average in the Second League, Tiegel is the largest motorball player seen. Heavily armored and nearly impervious to attack, his bulk also makes him ponderously slow. Tiegel does not have any special abilities, but is very persistent. He is in love with Alita, and begs her to let him join her challenge team both on and off the track. Alita’s duel with Zafal Takie during her Second League debut gives Tiegel an unexpected victory during the race, provoking a riot among the spectators and earning him a spot on the team. During the challenge race with Jashugan, he attempts to ram the champion but crashes into a wall. When pulled out by a recovery team, he revives, intervening in the fight between Jashugan and Alita just in time to prevent the former from finishing her off. This time Tiegel succeeds in slamming Jashugan into a wall, but Jashugan’s attacks break through his armor, triggering a series of explosions and setting his body ablaze. His final act is to ram Jashugan into another section of the wall, expressing his lack of regret over not quitting motorball because he had the chance to fight the champion.
Other players.
Esdoc (“Ed”).
A former motorball player, Ed's racing team is named Esdoc Motors, and he is Alita’s manager. In his prime, his blade techniques were as good as Jashugan’s Maschine Klatsch and they were rivals. However, both were severely injured in an accident, from which Ed had to resort to acceleration drug injections to stay competitive. His abuse of the drug resulted in a permanent condition called “Terminal Frost,” which forced him to retire from motorball and makes his hands shake uncontrollably at unpredictable times, although it can be controlled with medications.
Ed recruited Alita shortly after she ran away from Ido following Hugo’s death, and has dreams of getting her into the top league, so he can vicariously fulfill his dream of challenging and eventually surpassing Jashugan. He is violently opposed to Alita’s plans to quit motorball after her match with Jashugan, when she will have fulfilled her 12 race contract, and plans to have her contract renewed. When a junky with a homemade gun tries to kill Alita, Ed shields her, taking a fatal shot that blows off the top of his head. His last act is to give Alita her Damascus Blades that he had reforged into a single blade. Unbeknownst to Alita, he sold her Berserker Body which had been in storage while she was fitted out with her motorball body in an attempt to keep her on the circuit.
Ed's mask bears a resemblance to that worn by the character Frankenstein in the film Death Race 2000, which was about a similarly bloody gladiatorial sport.
Umba.
A fat, very short cyborg, Umba is an ace mechanic, responsible for repairing Alita’s motorball body as well as tuning and upgrading it. He uses a tracked harness from which he hangs suspended for increased mobility and height. When Alita is damaged following her confrontation with Takie, Umba proves that he is skilled enough to be able to absorb enough information from 15 sensors in order to control a 20 arm “octopus” exoskeleton, in effect performing the work of ten engineers and getting Alita back onto the track in less than six minutes. Umba has agoraphobia, and is no fun on an outing according to Esdoc. Devastated following Esdoc’s death, he nevertheless does not try to dissuade Alita from her decision to quit motorball after the match with Jashugan. Two years later, Umba starts a successful engineering company with Mr. Thompson and writes to Alita about her Berserker Body, which he has managed to track down to Desty Nova after Ed sold it.
Barjack.
The is a fictional, conventional military force depicted in the "Battle Angel Alita" manga. The Barjack are regarded as bandits by residents of the Scrapyard who remain unaware of their motive: to destroy Tiphares and with it, the Factory and the Scrapyard. The Barjack is predominantly a well equipped mobile ground force and is formally organized into ranks and units, although there is no formal inclusion criteria for members. Barjack members include Den, the Barjack's charismatic founder; Koyomi K.; Knucklehead, a former bandit; B.B. Buick, a "special prisoner"; Colonel Bozzle, a former member of the Green Beret Tribe; and Kayna, a cyborg nurse.
The Barjack switches to guerilla warfare after five years of fighting when their railway gun, Heng, fails to destroy Tiphares. The deployment of 11 TUNED AR units against the Barjack leaves the fate of the remaining Barjack forces uncertain in "Battle Angel Alita", although the "Last Order" side story reveals that substantial numbers of Barjack survived and are willing to take up the cause.
Den.
The side story "", reveals that two more remote-controlled bipedal bodies of Den exists: one was found by Eakins, the manager for Farm 3, who plans to revive the Barjack as a bandit organization, and the other is in the care of Geriperi, an old eccentric. These two Dens duel each other at the Barjack revival meeting, in which the second Den (operated by Geriperi) triumphs and leaves after ordering the remaining Barjack to assist in the construction of the Tower of Tiphares.
Ground Investigation Bureau (GIB).
Lou Collins.
Lou Collins, known in Japan as , is Alita's operator who is brought in after Alita and Figure part ways. She is a bit clumsy and often gets overwhelmed by work. On her first day, she makes a bad first impression on Chief Bigott by pulling a gun on him in self-defense because she thought that he planned to do what he would with her by leading her down an obscure back stairway to the GIB. Unbeknownst to Lou, she along with Dr. Russell was brought in by Bigott in an attempt to curb Alita's intransigence. Somewhat ditzy, Lou nevertheless has a good heart. She is a new at her job, having placed first in her class in simulations, and tries to get along with Alita. Lou provides Alita with intelligence, logistical, technical, and combat support. She can also remote control the mobile unit, a single wheeled motorcycle that is issued to Alita, as well as broadcast her voice from it. Through Alita's experiences, Lou eventually becomes her friend, and starts to develop a more sympathetic view of the world below Tiphares. She gives Kaos plans for the "Tower of Tiphares," a 2,500 meter tower connecting Tiphares to the Scrapyard that can be constructed with the existing scrap on the surface. She also agrees to help Alita by deleting the information regarding Den and Kaos from the GIB's systems.
Lou has saved Alita's life on two occasions, the first occurring while Alita was dueling Den and was almost impaled by his yari. The second time occurred when Alita was fighting AR-2. As Alita was about to lose the fight and be finished off, Lou destroyed AR-2's control terminal, freezing AR-2. She also placed a gun to the head of AR-2's operator. Lou is consequently dismissed from the GIB and sent to the Medical Inspection Bureau (MIB). The knowledge of Lou's sacrifice and Bigott's promise to let her go free after apprehending Desty Nova motivate Alita to complete her original mission. When she is brought to Tiphares by Nova in her new Imaginos Body, she finds out that Lou is to be cast out for forming a friendship with a surface dweller, and manages to save her just in time. Lou is the least traumatically affected by having the secret of Tiphares unveiled to her, the only side effect she suffers being the cessation of her hiccups. She accompanies Alita and Nova to Melchizedek and witnesses the result of Alita's injecting her Imaginos Body with a trigger given to her by Nova enabling her to go through a transmutation, creating the Life-Tree and preventing Tiphares from crashing into the Scrapyard. Subsequently, Lou eventually marries Kaos.
Bigott Eizenburg.
The stern, no-nonsense chief of the GIB, intervenes just before Alita's brain is destroyed for committing a Class A offense to recruit her for the TUNED project. Although the GIB has a team of operators who provide logistical, intelligence, and technical support, he personally monitors and oversees Alita's operations and actions. Alita's independent attitude and willingness to disobey orders frustrate Bigott. In order to reduce her rebelliousness, he brings in Dr. Russell and Lou Collins as people whom she can warm up to. While escorting Lou to the GIB on her first day through a back stairwell, she pulls a gun on him as she thinks that he plans to force himself on her, but Bigott reveals that he is homosexual and has no interest in her.
More than a week after Alita duels Den, Bigott dismisses Dr. Russell for his opposition to replacing Alita with the TUNED AR series. When AR-2 confronts Alita, he reveals that her value to the GIB was never more than a sample for creating the perfect series of combat androids that would be totally obedient. After Alita defeats AR-2, he has her continue with her original mission of apprehending Desty Nova with the promise that she can leave the TUNED after its completion. Bigott meanwhile has the rest of the AR series conduct anti-Barjack operations, and uses the Tipharean superweapon Abaddon to destroy the Barjack's giant railway gun Heng. After Alita infiltrates the Granite Inn but gets trapped by Nova's Ouroboros program, Bigott sells her out, offering her to Nova and inviting him back to Tiphares with Melchizedek and the Ladder's approval. When the secret of Tiphares is revealed to Bigott, he slices off the top of his own head to see for himself. Seeing his own bio-chip brain, he goes insane, and is shortly after killed along with the rest of the GIB by the MIB. Bigott makes a brief appearance in the "Furusato" in which Alita is still a member of the TUNED.
TUNED AR Series (Alita Replicas).
During her time as agent of GIB, the organization documented all of Alita's combat experiences including the Panzer Kunst techniques. This was done without Alita's knowledge, as part of a plan to create a series of mass-produced TUNED replicas all with the abilities of Alita but fully loyal to GIB and Tiphares. Their very existence is a result of the Secret of Tiphares, as their solid-state brains are the same bio-chips that are used in Tipharean citizens.
In all, 12 TUNED replicas were produced, each designated as AR, i.e., "Alita Replicas" (GR in the Japanese version, i.e., "Gally Replicas") 1-12, whereas Alita herself was designated as A-1 (G-1). All TUNED replicas have or had knowledge of basic Panzer Kunst and are able to use special attacks like the Hertza Haeon (Sechs used it in a puppet body as well as in his Fizziroy Body) and Einzug Rüstungen (AR-2 used it against Alita). The following replicas have appeared as characters in Battle Angel Alita and Battle Angel Alita: Last Order.
Other.
Hunter-warriors are bounty hunters in the Scrapyard who are registered with the Factory. This makes them eligible to pursue wanted criminals and collect the bounties on them. Because there is no formal criminal justice system or police force in the Scrapyard, hunter-warriors function as the primary means of enforcing Factory Law. However, they themselves are still subject to Factory Law, and can become wanted criminals when they step outside its boundaries.
Figure Four, known in Japan as , is a fictional character in the "Battle Angel Alita" manga by Yukito Kishiro and is known for his mastery of koppo, a form of martial arts that emphasizes bypassing a cyborg's armor to inflict internal damage. Originally a fisherman, Figure traveled east in order to see Tiphares, staying in the Scrapyard for a year, before signed up as a rail mercenary on Factory Train 12 where he befriended Yolg and became intrigued by Alita. Figure Four questions Alita's bloodlust and desire for battle only to realize that she cannot choose not to fight and decides to help her in her fight against the Barjack. Figure Four realizes that Alita likes him when he saves Alita from Knucklehead, and later admits that he loves her. Figure Four later returns to his previous life as a fisherman. Figure Four also appears in " Battle Angel Alita: Last Order".

</doc>
<doc id="9634102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634102" title="Bescot">
Bescot

Bescot is an area of Walsall in the West Midlands of England.
It is served by Bescot Stadium railway station, adjacent to which is Bescot depot where locomotives are maintained. The Banks's Stadium was built in 1990 for Walsall F.C.
The area is bisected by the M6 motorway, including its 'Junction 9', where it meets the A461. The River Tame also runs through the area.
History.
Bescot was mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as a carucate of waste land in the possession of the King. It was mentioned in other ancient writings under the name of 'Berkenscot' and 'Bresmundscote'. An ancient manor was then constructed in the area and first possessed by the Hillary family. In 1403, Sir Roger Hillary died and the manor was passed on to the possession of his wife, Margaret. When she died, the property was passed on to Sir John Saer de Rochford, Roger's nephew. It later passed into the possession of the Mountfort family. In 1460, the manor passed into the possession of Sir Baldwin Mountfort following the death of Sir William Mountfort. Edward Mountfort, who died in 1691, appears to be the last male heir in the family and the estate was passed on to his daughter who passed it on to her husband Jonas Slaney in 1717. By 1717, the estate was stated as having an area of . Slaney sold the estate to Richard Wilks and in 1794, the estate was purchased by Richmond Aston.
During the Industrial Revolution, Bescot was dominated by the Forge Works which were owned by Edward Elwell. The works featured a tall, tapered chimney and a pool from which was extracted, called Elwell's Pool. The forge employed 300 people and manufactured spades, hoes, shovels and axes.

</doc>
<doc id="9634113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634113" title="Matej Bel University">
Matej Bel University

Matej Bel University (commonly referred as Matej Bel or UMB), () is a public research university in the central Slovak town of Banská Bystrica. The University was established on July 1, 1992 and inaugurated on October 23, 1992. It bears the name of Matthias Bel, an outstanding Lutheran scholar of the 18th century. As a collegiate university, it comprises six faculties that differ in character and history, each retaining substantial autonomy on financial and institutional affairs.
Academically, the Matej Bel University is noted for influential movements and curricula in international relations and economics.
History.
Banská Bystrica has a long tradition in schooling and culture. In the 13th century there had already existed a parish school, later a town school. In the 17th century a Jesuit as well as Evangelical grammar schools were founded. Matthias Bel, after whom the University is named, studied and later worked as a rector at this school.
In the 1850s and 1860s the Catholic grammar school with Slovak as a tuition language became and important center of education in Slovakia. In the school year 1856 - 57 the first Teacher’s Preparation Study was founded in Banská Bystrica, where Slovak language was taught together with German and Latin, thanks to the bishop Štefan Moyses.
In the school year 1949 – 50 the branch of the Faculty of Education, Slovak University of Bratislava, was established in Banská Bystrica. The first higher school appeared in Banská Bystrica in 1954. It was called the Higher School of Pedagogy. On September 1, 1964 the Faculty of Education was founded. In 1973 the branch of the Faculty of Commerce, University of Economics in Bratislava, was established and in 1977 transformed into the Faculty of Economics of Services and Tourism. Matej Bel University was established on July 1, 1992 after the integration of the Faculty of Education and the Faculty of Economics of Services and Tourism.
Governance and faculties.
The Matej Bel University has traditionally been a decentralized institution, with governing authority shared among its academic faculties. The Governing Council is the unicameral legislative organ of the central administration, overseeing general academic, business and institutional affairs. The rector is appointed by the council as the chief executive.
Unlike most institutions, the Matej Bel University is a collegiate university with a model that resembles those of the University of Cambridge and the University of Oxford in Britain. The colleges hold substantial autonomy over admissions, scholarships, programs and other academic and financial affairs, in addition to the housing and social duties of typical residential colleges.
Matej Bel University currently comprises six faculties:
Academics.
Library and collections.
The Matej Bel University Library System is one of the largest university-academic library systems in Slovakia, measured by number of volumes held. Establishment of the Matej Bel University Library in Banská Bystrica is connected with the foundation of the Higher College of Education in Banská Bystrica in 1954. In 1964, after the foundation of Faculty of Education, it became the central library of the faculty.
Since January 1, 1993 the library has served as Matej Bel University Library in Banská Bystrica. In the same year, the Library of the Faculty of Economy of Services and Tourism in Banská Bystrica was annexed to the Central Library of the Faculty of Education. Since 1975 the Library of the Faculty of Economy of Services and Travel served as a branch of the Central Economic Library in Bratislava. In 1996 the library system was decentralized. Having regard to the Academic Senate of the University of Matej Bel. The Matej Bel University Library system was abolished on April 1, 1996, and four new libraries were established, those were directly controlled by the faculties. This changed on January 1, 2000, when the Rector UMB Library act of 2000 entered into force, this connected the decentralized libraries of the faculties into the "Matej Bel University Library system.
International Partnership.
Cooperation of the University with other Universities and Institutions is widespread and involves many national and international organizations e.g. The London School of Economics in UK, University of Bologna in Italy, Waseda University in Japan, Moscow State University in Russia, Sogang University in South Korea, Indiana University in USA, etc.
Today, Matej Bel University has 35 partnerships worldwide, apart from these agreements, the faculties have also signed agreements on cooperation based on the specific needs of their own, or their departments, totaling the number of partnerships to more than 80.

</doc>
<doc id="9634115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634115" title="Business informatics">
Business informatics

Business informatics (BI) or organizational informatics is a discipline combining information technology (IT), informatics and management concepts. The BI discipline was created in Germany, from the concept of "Wirtschaftsinformatik". It is an established, successful academic discipline including bachelor, master and diploma programs in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, The Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and is establishing in an increasing number of other countries as well as Australia or Mexico. BI integrates core elements from the disciplines of business administration, information systems and computer science into one field.
Business informatics as an integrative discipline.
BI shows many similarities to information systems (IS), which is a well established discipline originating from North America. However, there are a few differences that make business informatics a unique own discipline:
Information systems (IS) focuses on empirically explaining phenomena of the real world. IS has been said to have an "explanation-oriented" focus in contrast to the "solution-oriented" focus that dominates BI. IS researchers make an effort to explain phenomena of acceptance and influence of IT in organizations and the society applying an empirical approach. In order to do that usually qualitative and quantitative empirical studies are conducted and evaluated. In contrast to that, BI researchers mainly focus on the creation of IT solutions for challenges they have observed or assumed.
Tight integration between research and teaching following the Humboldtian ideal is another goal in business informatics. Insights gained in actual research projects become part of the curricula quite fast because most researchers are also lecturers at the same time. The pace of scientific and technological progress in BI is quite rapid, therefore subjects taught are under permanent reconsideration and revision. In its evolution, the BI discipline is fairly young. Therefore, significant hurdles have to be overcome in order to further establish its vision.

</doc>
<doc id="9634120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634120" title="Mercer University Press">
Mercer University Press

Mercer University Press, established in 1979, is a publisher that is part of Mercer University.

</doc>
<doc id="9634130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634130" title="Pali Momi Medical Center">
Pali Momi Medical Center

Pali Momi Medical Center is a nonprofit hospital located in West O‘ahu, dedicated to the health and well-being of all Hawai‘i residents. With 126 beds and more than 400 physicians on its medical staff, Pali Momi offers a full range of services. It has delivered many medical firsts for the community, including West O‘ahu’s only interventional cardiac catheterization unit for the detection and treatment of heart disease, a fully integrated minimally invasive surgical suite, CT scan and MRI services, emergency services, a Women’s Center and the state’s first Retina Center. Pali Momi is the only facility in Hawai‘i that utilizes a team triage approach in its Emergency Room, where patients are promptly evaluated by an emergency physician. Pali Momi was founded in 1989 and is an affiliate of Hawai‘i Pacific Health, the state’s largest health care provider.

</doc>
<doc id="9634133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634133" title="Local insertion">
Local insertion

In broadcasting, local insertion is the act or capability of a broadcast television station, radio station or cable system to insert or replace part of a broadcast network feed with content unique to the local station or system. Most often this is a station identification (required by the Federal Communications Commission), but is also commonly a television commercial or sometimes a radio ad, or a weather or traffic report. A digital on-screen graphic ("dog" or "bug"), commonly a semi-transparent watermark, may also be keyed (superimposed) with a television station identification over the network feed using a character generator using genlock. In the case where several programs are carried separately from the main broadcast network, this is known as regional variation (in the United Kingdom) or a television network (in Canada and the United States).
Automated local insertion used to be triggered with in-band signaling, such as DTMF tones or sub-audible sounds (such as 25 Hz), but is now done with out-of-band signaling, such as analog signal subcarriers via communications satellite, or now more commonly via digital signals. Broadcast automation equipment can then handle these automatically. In an emergency, such as severe weather, local insertion may also occur instantly through command from another network or other source, such as the Emergency Alert System. In this case, the most urgent warning messages may interrupt without delay, while others may be worked into a normal break in programming within 15 minutes of their initial issuance.
Within individual programs.
In the United States, insertion can easily be heard every evening on "Delilah", a nationally-syndicated radio show, where the host does a pre-recorded station-specific voiceover played over a music bed from the network. When she says "this is Delilah", her voice (often in a slightly different tone or mood than what she has just been speaking) then says "on B98.5 FM" when heard on WSB-FM in metro Atlanta, for example. Listeners to other stations hear their own station's moniker or ID instead. Because of this slight difference in vocal quality, many syndicated radio networks suggest using only one voice for local station ID 24/7; in this way, the difference in vocal intonation is lessened.
The other more prominent example is during live sports programming carried over radio and television networks, where close to the top of the hour, the play-by-play announcer will say "we pause ten seconds for station identification; this is the (team name) (radio network branding)", or a close equivalent. On most stations it is a basic FCC station identification with the call letters and city of license relayed, while on others a quickly-read five second advertisement or program promotion is read before the identification, or a breaking news event or weather warning occurring during the event is relayed, followed by the station ID. Due to many sports rights deals for televised sports moving to regional sports networks which are not required to identify themselves under FCC guidelines, or network sports coverage where the station identification is made with an on-screen display by the local station rather than speech, this is more prominent on radio rather than television.
Local commercial (and some non-commercial) broadcast television stations also locally insert local commercial breaks during each half-hour of network programming. Television networks give their affiliates either 60, 90 or 120 seconds each half-hour (typically totaling about four minutes each hour) to run local station breaks, including station promos and advertisements for national and local area businesses (and on a few stations, local news updates (this was particularly common during the 1970s through the 1990s, especially as the 24 Hour News Source format became commonplace in the United States during the latter decade), current time and temperature information or a brief local weather forecast), over network programming. Typically, these networks air a blank feed showing the network's logo (such as with Fox, NBC and The CW) or a series of public service announcements (as with ABC and CBS), while stations air local commercials. PBS member stations also insert promos for PBS network series and locally-produced programming during promo breaks; as PBS is non-commercial, the network typically does not feature breaks during the programs themselves, instead promos are inserted in-between programs, even if the member station is carrying PBS' national network feed.
Various television morning news shows (such as "Good Morning America" and "Today") also have a local news break for five minutes (sometimes as little as three minutes) prior to each "top" or "bottom" half-hour (:25 to :30 and :55 to :00), though the national feed continues for stations that do not wish to "break away", either because they have no news operation or because they may not air a morning newscast (for example, Ada, Oklahoma NBC affiliate KTEN does not air news cut-ins during the weekend edition of "Today" as the only weekend newscast on that station airs at 10 p.m., but cut-ins are shown during the weekday telecasts where "Today" follows a morning newscast). This also occurs with news on NPR's "Morning Edition" and "All Things Considered", which are on during the morning and evening rush hours, respectively.
Starting in the early 1990s, some cable television systems began carrying a local insert called "Local Edition", a segment featuring local news inserts (which are produced by area television stations or local cable operators) that air at :24 and :54 minutes past the hour during HLN's rolling daytime news block, usually during the network's non-essential features news block. This has been discontinued as that network has switched to a general news/talk format.
Transmitter identification.
Broadcast translators may also have local insertion, though this is very limited to identifying the repeating station's callsign and community of license separate from its parent station. In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) also allows up to 30 seconds each hour for fundraising to keep the translator service on the air.
Pay television.
Local insertion is also used by cable and telephone company television providers, in which cable and telco headends insert advertisements for the cable system, promos for programs on other cable channels carried by the cable provider and commercials for local area businesses (such as car dealerships or furniture stores) at least twice each hour; unlike most commercial broadcast stations, however, cable channels often run only 60 seconds of local commercial inserts each half-hour near the end of the first or second commercial break and are aired in place of national ads or network promos that air during that given time. Direct-broadcast satellite services cannot locally insert content during commercial breaks, so viewers are either able to see ads or promos that are covered up by the local content on cable or see a DBS company's own promos.
Local insertion on cable television is used especially on The Weather Channel in the U.S. and The Weather Network/MétéoMédia in Canada, where systems like the WeatherSTAR, IntelliSTAR and PMX have been used to show local weather forecasts (known as "Local on the 8s" on The Weather Channel in the U.S.) every ten minutes, and well as the lower display line (LDL) or lower-third graphic that is shown at other times. The Weather Channel, in particular also airs barker ads during national breaks at the end of some commercials allowing its WeatherSTAR or IntelliSTAR systems to insert certain area locations for certain businesses, such as restaurants or auto rental dealers; though The Weather Channel has not done this as much in recent years as they have in the past. This only applies to the cable systems, although in the U.S. direct-broadcast satellite services have shown an LDL of the current conditions and 12-hour forecast for select major cities. This is not seen on older TVRO or "big ugly dish" systems, as this is intended as a backhaul and has very few end-users, and is used as a clean feed.
Set-top boxes.
In place of the IntelliSTAR, a hyper-local form of insertion is now done on DirecTV (and possibly other DBS services), whereby the first half of the local forecast is generated by the set-top box. A "cutout" at the upper right corner of the picture allows the sponsor's advertising logo to be shown live from the main video, while a datacast on the satellite (like that which provides the electronic program guide) sends simple forecast and conditions data for the entire country every couple of minutes. Graphics are stored on the receiver, and displayed according to the forecast, which is selected by ZIP code or city according to user settings.
Additionally, starting in 2011, DirecTV users with digital video recorders will have commercials downloaded to their boxes, which will play according to their demographic information, likely commanding higher revenue from advertisers. This may eventually lead to or merge with interactive television, which may find more success on cable and telco television because of the lack of a return channel on satellite and broadcast. Internet-connected TVs may erode this barrier as well, however, with only their embedded flash memory chip necessary to hold short video clips.

</doc>
<doc id="9634137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634137" title="2002 Asian Athletics Championships">
2002 Asian Athletics Championships

The 14th Asian Athletics Championships were held in Colombo, Sri Lanka on 9–12 August 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="9634143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634143" title="Sylvia Eder">
Sylvia Eder

Sylvia Eder (born August 24, 1965 in Leogang) is a former Austrian alpine skier.
As a 17-year-old, in 1982, she won her first downhill race at Bad Gastein, Austria. The downhill remained her specialty discipline throughout her early career. She later developed an interest in the slalom, at which she won the world championship in 1985 in Bormio and the silver medal, after Erika Hess of Switzerland, at the World Cup in 1987. 
Later Eder focused on the giant slalom and the super-G, the latter becoming her main discipline. In 1993 she won a silver medal at the Alpine World Ski Championships in Morioka. 
Nearly 13 years after her first World Cup victory, in December 1994 she once again celebrated a success, winning the super-G at Vail, Colorado before her team colleague Veronika Wallinger. 
The alpine skier Elfi Eder is her younger sister.

</doc>
<doc id="9634169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634169" title="David Newton (guitarist)">
David Newton (guitarist)

David Newton is a guitarist/songwriter with the British band The Mighty Lemon Drops. Newton has been a member of Active Restraint (1981–1983), The Wild Flowers (1983–1984), The Mighty Lemon Drops (1985–1993), Blue Aeroplanes (1992–1993), Starfish (1993–1994), Revolux (1995–1997), Fonda (1998–2003), Straight To Video (2001–2003), Twinstar (2003–2006), The C86 All Stars (2006–2007), Bilston United (2006–present), The Joshua Dreamz (2008) and most recently David Newton And Thee Mighty Angels (2009–present).
He moved from Wolverhampton, England to Southern California in January 1995 (via five years in Putney, London), where he co-formed the short lived band Revolux with former Seven Simons honcho / The The guitarist Keith Joyner. Newton built his own personal recording studio, Rollercoaster Recording, in Burbank in the late 1990s.
Newton has produced / engineered records by the following: The Little Ones, The Happy Hollows, Everybody Was in the French Resistance...Now!, Kissing Tigers, The Soft Pack, The Movies, The Henry Clay People, The Blood Arm, Death to Anders, You Me & Iowa, Wait Think Fast, The Lassie Foundation, Twinstar, Graham MacRae, Red Lightning / Alain Whyte (Morrissey), Big Stone City, The Hush Now, Star Parts, One Silver Astronaut, Slow Car Crash, The Transmissions, The Golden Years. Newton recently produced The Little Ones' debut EP, "Sing Song".
Newton has done occasional work as a composer for television, film and music libraries, and has had work / compositions featured on "Gilmore Girls", "The Osbournes", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and "The Bill" (amongst others).
Newton still occasionally performs with his own bands, The C86 All Stars, Bilston United and most recently David Newton And Thee Mighty Angels.
In 2011, Newton produced the third album, Turn and Face Me by The Blood Arm.
Discography.
Paint The Town EP (November 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="9634192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634192" title="Duodenal atresia">
Duodenal atresia

Duodenal atresia is the congenital absence or complete closure of a portion of the lumen of the duodenum. It causes increased levels of amniotic fluid during pregnancy (polyhydramnios) and intestinal obstruction in newborn babies. Radiography shows a distended stomach and distended duodenum, which are separated by the pyloric valve, a finding described as the "double-bubble sign."
Treatment includes suctioning out any fluid that is trapped in the stomach, providing fluids intravenously, and surgical repair of the intestinal closure.
Epidemiology.
Duodenal atresia occurs in 1 in every 5,000-10,000 live births.
Associated conditions.
Approximately 20–40 percent of all infants with duodenal atresia have Down syndrome. . Approximately 8% all infants with Down syndrome have duodenal atresia.
History and Physical Exam.
During pregnancy, duodenal atresia is associated with increased amniotic fluid in the uterus, which is called polyhydramnios. This increase in amniotic fluid is caused by the inability of the fetus to swallow the amniotic fluid and absorb it in their digestive tract.
After birth, duodenal atresia may cause abdominal distension, especially of the upper abdomen. Bilious vomiting commonly occurs within the first day of life. The vomiting is described as "bilious," because it contains bile acid.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of duodenal atresia is usually confirmed by radiography. An X-ray of the abdomen shows two large air filled spaces, the so-called "double bubble" sign. The air is trapped in the stomach and proximal duodenum, which are separated by the pyloric sphincter, creating the appearance of two bubbles visible on x-ray. Since the closure of the duodenum is complete in duodenal atresia, no air is seen in the distal duodenum.
Atresias occurring distal to the duodenum are usually caused by vascular accidents or ischemic insult, such as jejunoileal atresia.
Treatment.
Early treatment includes removing fluids from the stomach via a nasogastric tube, and providing fluids intravenously. The definitive treatment for duodenal atresia is surgery (duodenoduodenostomy), which may be performed openly or laparoscopically. The surgery is not urgent. The initial repair has a 5 percent morbidity and mortality rate.
Complications.
Prognosis is usually very good, although complications are more likely to occur when there are serious congenital anomalies. Late complications may occur in about 12 percent of patients with duodenal atresia, and the mortality rate for these complications is 6 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="9634199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634199" title="Bailoretto, la aventura de un rebelde">
Bailoretto, la aventura de un rebelde

Bailoretto, la aventura de un rebelde is a 1985 Argentine historical drama about Juan Bautista Bailoretto directed and written by Atilio Polverini and Sebastián Larreta.

</doc>
<doc id="9634202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634202" title="Aengus Finnan">
Aengus Finnan

Aengus Finnan (born on January 31, 1972 in Dublin, Ireland) is a Canadian folk musician, who grew up in Ontario, Canada. In 2003, he was awarded the Queen's Golden Jubilee Commemorative Medal for his humanitarian and cultural work in Canada 
Early life.
Finnan grew up on an organic farm in Shelter Valley, Ontario (near Grafton). He attended St. Mary's elementary school in Grafton, St. Mary's Secondary School in Cobourg, and was awarded a two year scholarship to Lester B. Pearson United World College near Victoria, B.C. where he studied Fine Art (IB), before attending Concordia University in Montreal to study Theatre (BFA). He later attended Nipissing University in North Bay, Ontario to study Native and Northern Education, graduating as Valedictorian for the 1994 Faculty of Education.
He taught elementary school in Moosonee, Ontario for two years, and in Inuvik, NWT.
Music career.
He released two albums, "Fool's Gold", produced by Paul Mills in 1999, and "North Wind", which Finnan co-produced with Paul Mills in 2002, featuring his touring band-mates Trevor Mills and David Rogers along with backing vocals by Serena Ryder. For 6 years he toured the North America folk festival and club circuit with invitational performances at the Kennedy Centre in Washington DC, the Yukon International Storytelling Festival in Whitehorse, the Stan Rogers Festival in Nova Scotia, and international dates in Australia and Japan.
His song "Lately" was awarded the Songs From The Heart award, while O'Shaunessey's lament (later recorded by Irish-American artist Seamus Kennedy) was also awarded the prestigious New Folk Songwriting award at the Kerrville Folk Festival in Texas. 
Finnan was featured on "Beautiful", the first ever tribute album to Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot. He has also appeared as a guest musician on albums by Joy Norman, Michael Glover and Jed Marum, and has performed live with Serena Ryder, Stephen Fearing, Garnet Rogers, Rose Cousins, Lynn Miles, Valdy and John Renbourn. In 2003 he produced a compilation album entitled Valley Voices as a fundraising effort for a group of concerned citizens, and in 2005 he co-produced Coastline of our Dreams, an Ian Tamblyn tribute album.
In the winter of 2003 he traveled to the Yukon to record a collection of Robert Service poetry as field recordings (as yet unreleased) in the locations of the subject matter of the poems, including The Shooting of Dan Mcgrew, and The Cremation of Sam McGee. In 2004 he recorded a live album at the Grafton Town Hall called "Once Upon a Time", which was released in 2013.
Art career, organizing.
In 2002 he conceived of a tribute event called The Way We Feel as an annual event to celebrate the work of Canadian icon Gordon Lightfoot.
In 2003 he returned to Grafton Ontario to found the Shelter Valley Folk Festival, for which he was the volunteer artistic and executive director till 2010. During that time he served as the board President of the Ontario Council of Folk Festivals.
In 2005 he bought the Lawless and Sons general store (circa 1835) in Grafton and transformed it from an active butcher shop into the Lawless Gallery of Fine Art, where he was curator for 3 years. The gallery doubled as a performance venue for acoustic concerts.
In 2008 he began instructing a Self-employment course for the Northumberland Community Futures agency, and later served as their Program Manager. In May 2010 he was hired as the Touring and Audience Development Officer for the Ontario Arts Council.
In 2003, he was awarded the Queen's Golden Jubilee Commemorative Medal for his humanitarian and cultural work in Canada.
Personal life.
He currently lives in Toronto, Ontario, and is engaged to Dayna Manning.

</doc>
<doc id="9634231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634231" title="Smithville High School (Ohio)">
Smithville High School (Ohio)

Smithville High School is a public high school in Smithville, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Green Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Smithies, which was a nickname given to the school's teams by an early sports editor of the Wooster Daily Record. The colors of green and white came from the town's location within Green Township. Long-time athletic director and coach Wilbur Berkey designed the horshoe and anvil logo the school uses.
In 1955, Marshallville's district was merged with Smithville's. This was done in order to prevent the transporting of Marshallville students across Orrville's district into Dalton, where Marshallville had sent their students since their school's closure in 1938. The merger enabled Smithville to start up a football program in the WCAL. The Marshallville Tigers had previously competed in the WCAL as well.
Due to the recent success of all three teams, Smithville's football team also has a strong rivalry with both the Dalton High School Bulldogs and the Norwayne High School Bobcats. All three schools have combined to either share or outright win the WCAL football title 49 times from 1955-2013, and in that time frame there have only been 16 seasons where none of the three have had a hand in a football championship.
Smithville High School is home to the Lady Smithies Soccer team who won the 2013 District Championship game. The women's soccer program began in 2007. In 2013 Smithville had its first Mens Varsity Soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="9634260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634260" title="Hawaii Pacific Health">
Hawaii Pacific Health

Hawai‘i Pacific Health is a Honolulu-based not-for-profit health care institution that is the largest health care provider in the state of Hawai‘i. It operates four hospitals, and more than 50 outpatient clinics and service sites. It has more than 1,600 affiliated physicians.
Network of Care.
The Hawai'i Pacific Health network is anchored by its four hospitals: Kapiolani Medical Center for Women & Children, Pali Momi Medical Center, Straub Clinic & Hospital, and Wilcox Memorial Hospital.
Together, they have leading strategic initiatives in women's health, pediatric care, cardiovascular services, cancer care and bone & joint services. Other affiliates and subsidiaries:
History.
Hawai‘i Pacific Health was formed in December 2001 with the merger of four hospitals: Kapi‘olani Medical Center for Women & Children, Pali Momi Medical Center (formerly Kapi‘olani Medical Center at Pali Momi), Straub Clinic & Hospital, and Wilcox Memorial Hospital.
Leadership.
Ray Vara - President and CEO
Ken Robbins, M.D. - Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer
David Okabe - Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer
Gail Lerch - Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Organizational Effectiveness
Bob Ching - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Ginny Pressler, M.D. - Executive Vice President, Strategic Business Development
Steve Robertson - Executive Vice President and CIO, Revenue Management and IT
Karen Chang - Chair of the Board

</doc>
<doc id="9634277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634277" title="De Buddy's">
De Buddy's

de Buddy's (also known as Jongenszanggroep de Buddy's) was a boys' choir (show choir) based in Delft, The Netherlands that existed under this name from 1976 - 2005. The choir was founded as a traditional church choir in 1966 as "De Nicolaessanghers" with 30 voices from 9–16 years. Inspired from the French choir Les Poppys and their hit "Non, non, rien n'a changé" (No, no, nothing has changed, 1970) the choir was renamed and changed to the pop genre. Since 2005 there is the successor choir "re-speKt". 
"de Buddy's" are very famous in The Netherlands and had many performances in and outside the country and also for Beatrix of the Netherlands. They had supported social projects as well.
Famous members.
The most famous buddy, as the members were called, was Jody Bernal (nl) who had a number one hit in 2000. Other famous members were Roy van den Akker, DJ Robin Meijers and Joost Verhoeff.
Musicals.
Some members performed in musicals like
Repertoire.
The choir produced many songs (pop songs, Christmas songs, children's songs, house music and cover versions of television series and the Kinderen voor Kinderen project) and assisted musicians like
Discography.
and samplers, records for social projects like SOS Children's Villages and Kids for Animals, and the above mentioned assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="9634279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634279" title="Infanta Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain">
Infanta Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain

Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain (María Teresa Antonia Rafaela; 11 June 1726 – 22 July 1746) was an "Infanta of Spain" by birth and was later the wife of Louis, Dauphin of France, son of Louis XV of France. She died aged 20, while giving birth to a daughter who died in 1748.
Infanta of Spain.
Born at the Royal Alcazar of Madrid in Spain, she was the second daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese. Baptised "María Teresa Antonia Rafaela" she was an Infanta of Spain ("infanta de España") by birth and was granted the style of address of "Royal Highness". She was known as María Teresa Rafaela though sometimes just Maria Teresa.
Prior to her marriage, the Spanish and French royal courts had been on poor terms: the Spanish had been greatly insulted by the French in 1725 when the engagement between Louis XV of France and Infanta Mariana Victoria of Spain, elder sister of Maria Teresa, was broken off. Louis XV had instead married Marie Leszczyńska and by her fathered the Dauphin, Louis. The marriage between the Infanta María Teresa Rafaela and the Dauphin was announced in August 1739 after the marriage of Princess Louise Élisabeth of France (sister of the dauphin) and Infante Felipe of Spain (brother of María Teresa Rafaela) the same month. Under the influence of her mother Elisabeth Farnese, María Teresa Rafaela was not to go to France until she reached a more mature age.
Dauphine of France.
The Infanta was married to the dauphin by proxy in Madrid on 18 December 1744 and departed Spain in January 1745. She arrived at Versailles on 21 February 1745. The official marriage took place at the Palace of Versailles on 23 February 1745 and was performed by the Cardinal de Rohan. In France she was known as "Marie Thérèse Raphaëlle d'Espagne" or "de Bourbon". The marriage was intended to improve relations between the cousin courts of France and Spain; during the infancy of Louis XV, he had been engaged to Maria Anna Victoria of Spain, oldest daughter of Philip V of Spain. The betrothal had been broken off and relations between the two countries had been cold. This latest union was meant to improve links between them both. Addressed as "Madame la Dauphine" at Versailles, Maria Teresa Rafaela was the highest ranking female in the kingdom after Queen Marie. She was the first Dauphine since the 1712 death of Marie Adélaïde of Savoy. 
On 24 February the ""Ball of the Clipped Yew"" was held in honor of the newlyweds. The event also marked the arrival of Madame de Pompadour at Versailles. The ball was attended by the king, the queen, Madame Henriette, Madame Adélaïde; the Duchess of Chartres the Dowager Princess of Conti and the Duchess of Modena along with other "princesses of the Blood".
The marriage did not get off on a good start as it was not consummated on the first night. This was a major embarrassment to the young dauphine and as a result her position at court was undermined. Despite this, she had a good relationship with the king and queen, and her husband fell quickly in love with her. Although the dauphine was described as beautiful, dignified, pious, and well educated, negative remarks were made because of her red hair. Her shy nature further isolated her from the court and she was openly hostile to the king for his affair with Madame de Pompadour. The Dauphin and Dauphine disliked the royal mistress for the way she drew attention away from Queen Marie Leszczyńska. Finally, the marriage was consummated in September 1745, ending court gossip. The couple became very close and devoted to each other spending most of their time together. On 19 July 1746 at Versailles, Marie Thérèse Raphaëlle gave birth to a daughter. Her death on 22 July caused an intense sorrow to the Dauphin, which persisted into his second marriage. Louis XV had to physically drag his son away from the death bed of his wife. The child was baptised "Marie Thérèse" and was styled as "Madame Royale" but died at Versailles in 1748.
Marie Thérèse Raphaëlle was buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis, the French royal necropolis outside Paris on 6 August 1746. At her death, her half brother, Ferdinand VI of Spain, proposed that the Dauphin marry her sister the Infanta Maria Antonia Fernanda but Louis XV refused. The following year, her husband married again to Princess Maria Josepha of Saxony a daughter of Augustus III of Poland and Maria Josepha of Austria by whom he had some seven children including the future Louis XVI. When the Dauphin died in 1765, he requested that his heart be placed beside the grave of Marie Thérèse Raphaëlle.

</doc>
<doc id="9634280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634280" title="Faun (disambiguation)">
Faun (disambiguation)

A faun is a half-human, half-goat creature in Roman mythology.
Faun may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9634283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634283" title="Karl Ludwig Philipp Zeyher">
Karl Ludwig Philipp Zeyher

Karl Ludwig Philipp Zeyher (2 August 1799 Dillenburg, Hessen, Germany - 13 December 1858 Cape Town), was a botanical and insect collector who collected extensively in South Africa. He was the author, with Christian Friedrich Ecklon, of "Enumeratio Plantarum Africae Australis" (1835-7), a descriptive catalogue of South African plants. 
In 1816 Zeyher was apprenticed to his uncle Johann Michael Zeyher who was head gardener at the ducal gardens of Schwetzingen. Here he met Franz Sieber and was talked into a partnership with the aim of collecting and selling natural history specimens - a burgeoning industry in the 19th century. They sailed for Mauritius in August 1822, however Zeyher was left at the Cape while Sieber went on to Mauritius and Australia. On his return in April 1824, Sieber picked up the specimens collected by Zeyher, assuring him of payment in due course. No payment ever materialised and Zeyher became aware that he would be forced to operate on his own. He journeyed east to Uitenhage in 1825 and north beyond Clanwilliam in 1828. The resulting specimens were sent to his uncle at Schwetzingen.
In 1829 Ecklon returned to the Cape from Europe where he had sold his specimens through the Unio Itineraria run by Christian Ferdinand Friedrich Hochstetter (1787-1860) and Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel (1783-1856) at Esslingen. Zeyher and Ecklon decided to collaborate in their collecting. Ecklon sailed for Algoa Bay to collect in the Eastern Cape and Zeyher travelled north by ox-wagon. Zeyher's route took him through the Clanwilliam and Cederberg area, from where he followed the Olifants River to its mouth. Here Zeyher ran across Drege on 23 May 1831. He collected in the area for some time, travelling on to Bitterfontein and the Kamiesberge. From here he went further north up to the Orange River, eventually reaching its mouth. Little rain had fallen and the landscape was parched, causing considerable losses among his oxen. 
In the meanwhile Ecklon had returned to Cape Town from his trip, and put some work into his collection while awaiting Zeyher. They met up again at Tulbagh, where they scaled the mountains in the area as well as going up the Groot Winterhoekberg, gathering a rich collection of plants.
Expedition to Kaffraria 1831-32.
Ecklon and Zeyher left Cape Town in October 1831 on a collecting trip to the eastern borders of the Cape Colony. Passing through Caledon they went down to Cape Agulhas and back to Swellendam, where they once again came across Drege on 5 November 1831. Crossing the Langeberg into the Karoo, they collected extensively along the Gourits River and the Swartberg. Turning south again they crossed the Outeniqua Mountains, visiting George and Knysna, before following the Langkloof to Uitenhage and Algoa Bay, from where they shipped their collection back to Cape Town.
Travelling further north through the Albany and Somerset East districts, then east over the Fish, Koonap and Kat Rivers, and again north over the Winterberg, they came to Tamboekieland in the area of the present Queenstown. From here they followed the Kei River to its source in the Stormberg. 
By this time their collections had grown so large that Ecklon was detailed to leave for Europe in 1832 to dispose of the specimens. Zeyher remained in Tamboekieland since Drege notes that he met him at Shiloh Mission south of Queenstown on 29 November 1832. Zeyher then returned to Uitenhage where he found employment in the service of Joachim Brehm, an apothecary and collector who had created one of the finest gardens in the Eastern Cape. At this time Ecklon was in Hamburg seeing to the publication of their joint paper "Enumeratio Plantarum Africae Australis" which appeared in three parts between 1834 and 1837. Apparently Ecklon's visit to Hamburg was cut short by a warehouse fire that destroyed the greater part of their collections. Financially Ecklon was crippled and sold his personal set of specimens to Sonder before returning to the Cape in late 1837 or early 1838. He lived for another 30 years, but his mental and physical strength had been broken by the setbacks and he ceased collecting. 
Zeyher had in turn become dispirited by events, and had struck out on his own before Ecklon's return. He went back to the Uitenhage area and forwarded his new collections to WJ Hooker and NB Ward of London. While in Uitenhage, Zeyher had put together an extensive collection of indigenous wood samples together with flowering and fruiting herbarium specimens. These were destined for the Berlin Museum and a favourable price had been agreed upon. Misfortune continued to haunt Zeyher, however, and the ship carrying this precious collection was lost at sea.
Expedition to the interior with Joseph Burke 1840-1842.
Zeyher is commemorated in the genera "Zeyheria" Mart., "Zeyherella" (Engl.) Aubrèv. & Pellegr. and in a large number of specific names. His personal herbarium is at the South African Museum, though Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Pappe (1803-1862) replaced most of the labels with his own.

</doc>
<doc id="9634285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634285" title="Michael Scionti">
Michael Scionti

Biography.
Michael J. Scionti is a Florida native and lifelong resident of Hillsborough County. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice from Florida State University in 1990 and his Juris Doctor from South Texas College of Law in 1996. He has been a member of the Florida Bar since 1996 and is licensed to practice before the United States Supreme Court, the United States District Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida and the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.
Scionti began his legal career in 1996 with the State of Florida serving as an Assistant Attorney General and later as an Assistant State Attorney and Statewide Prosecutor. As a State Prosecutor for 10 years, Scionti worked with federal, state and local law enforcement agencies investigating and prosecuting violent felony offenders, white-collar corruption and organized crime. In 2006, Scionti opened his own private law practice representing clients on a variety of legal matters ranging from state and federal criminal defense to family law and general civil litigation providing clients with personal and professional service in pursuit of their legal claims and in defense of their rights.
Scionti was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2006, and again in 2008, serving as the State Representative for Legislative District 58 (Tampa). As a State Representative, Scionti served on Florida’s Commission on Capital Punishment and on various Legislative Councils and Committees most notably as Ranking Member on the House Public Safety and Security Council, Criminal and Civil Justice Committee, and Military and Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Thereafter, Scionti served with the United States Department of Defense as the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Homeland Defense and Intergovernmental Affairs. As a Deputy Assistant Secretary, Scionti oversaw the development of legislative strategies and priorities for domestic policies, programs and goals relating to matters of national security and homeland defense. Most recently, Scionti served with the United States Department of State as the Senior Diplomat and Foreign Policy Advisor for Rule of Law and Law Enforcement in support of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan. As a U.S. Diplomat, Scionti oversaw the implementation of rule of law advancements, anti-corruption initiatives and counter-terrorism prosecutions in support of security, stability and governance in Afghanistan.
Scionti is a Soldier in the United States Army Reserve Judge Advocate General’s (JAG) Corps where, since 2000, he has served as a military magistrate, military prosecutor, rule of law advisor and legal counsel handling general civil litigation matters for service members and their families. Scionti currently serves as Team Chief for the Trial and Litigation Section with the 174th Legal Operations Detachment, United States Army Reserve Legal Command.
Scionti volunteered for two tours of duty, first in Iraq from 2003 to 2004 and second in Afghanistan from 2007 to 2008 where he served as a military magistrate for the United States Army. As a U.S. Army Magistrate, Scionti presided over hundreds of military-commissioned war tribunals and detention hearings of suspected enemy prisoners of war, insurgents and terrorists. Scionti was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, National Defense Service Medal and Presidential Unit Citation.

</doc>
<doc id="9634295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634295" title="Coonceil ny Gaelgey">
Coonceil ny Gaelgey

The was set up in December 1985 as a sub-committee of the Manx Heritage Foundation. It is responsible for the provision of authoritative Manx versions of the titles of government departments and street names, and the creation of new words and phrases. 
The supports private, public and voluntary organisations who want to use the language more. Many organisations now make use of the language not only to add value to their services but also to help foster the Island's language and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="9634300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634300" title="Movies, For Guys Who Like Movies">
Movies, For Guys Who Like Movies

Movies for Guys Who Like Movies is a TBS program that ran from 1999-2002. It paired the greatest guy movies with high doses of adrenaline and cool locales in its successful weekly showcase. During breaks in the movies, hosts provided entertaining segments packed with behind-the-scenes movie and production information, trivia and cool stunts. These stunts included engaging the enemy in simulated dogfights, piloting a Navy LCAC Hovercraft and practicing with world famous martial artists. Behind-the-scenes information included interviews, such as one by Karyn Bryant with Arnold Schwarzenegger for his movie "Total Recall".

</doc>
<doc id="9634301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634301" title="Triway High School (Wooster, Ohio)">
Triway High School (Wooster, Ohio)

Triway High School is a public high school near Wooster, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Triway Local School District. Their nickname is the Titans.
Background.
Triway serves primarily the townships of Wooster, Franklin, and Clinton, and the village of Shreve in Wayne County, Ohio. These three areas agreed to consolidate in 1960 under the name of "Triway", and the school was opened at its current location in 1963. In the school district there are three K-6 elementary schools: Franklin Elementary, Shreve Elementary, and Wooster Township Elementary. Triway Jr. High School is grades 7-8 and then of course, Triway High School serves grades 9-12.
Triway's colors are purple and white, which were chosen by coach Marion Zody, who also named the sports teams the "Titans" after the New York Jets previous nickname. The Titans have long-standing rivalries with the Waynedale High School Golden Bears, the West Holmes High School Knights, and the Orrville High School Red Riders. Triway was a member of the Wayne County Athletic League from 1963-1970 (and previously as the Shreve High School Trojans) until joining the Chippewa Conference (1970-1976), then the All-Ohio Conference/League (1976-1989), and the Mohican Area Conference (1989-2004), before joining the PAC-8.
Sports.
Triway has had many talented sports teams since the district was established, mostly in football and basketball. The most recent accomplishments have been:
Prior to the 1963 consolidation as Triway, the Shreve Trojans competed in the WCAL as a representative from the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9634306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634306" title="Carlos Morales (artist)">
Carlos Morales (artist)

Carlos Morales (born December 31, 1955) is renowned for his watercolors of rural Peruvian life. In 1979, after earning acclaim in local circles, he was accepted to the School of Fine Arts and graduated in 1984. In 2005, National Geographic selected Morales as a featured artist for their Novica web site. He is also a famous writer.

</doc>
<doc id="9634307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634307" title="Socialtechnical">
Socialtechnical

SocialTechnical is a description of the larger social and technical system in which a design would intersect.
Social Setting.
Patients that seek health care form a social group. Depending on the geographical location of where the setting resides, they would have different ethnic and cultural backgrounds. One of the implications of this is that patients seeking health care need not all speak a common language, which makes the problem of patient comprehension particularly hard and interesting. The nature of ailment can range from something as simple as the common flu to something that is highly sophisticated, needing specialized care. The other larger social group is the set of health care service providers. (hospitals, medical clinics, health center etc.). Within the larger group are subgroups like general physicians, specialized doctors, nurses and administrative/assistant staff, depending on the nature of their work and expertise. The patients and the health care service providers together form the social setting.
Technical Setting.
On the patient's side, depending on the nature of the illness (common flu, nervous weakness, torn ligament, etc.), they would require appropriate medical attention. The health service providers on the other hand may choose to offer health care services for some highly specific kinds of ailments/emergency care. For instance, some of them might offer specialized services such as eye care, cancer clinic etc. Within a medical institution, different issues with the health care (like patient observation, diagnosis, tests, medication, book keeping, accounts and pharmacy) may be managed by different subgroups, with technical expertise in their own area. There are many health insurance providers that play a big role in the monetary aspect of the interaction between the patients and the health service providers. Additional services such as "medical translator" service may be available, that are aimed at some select social group -is meant for enhancing the patient comprehension among non-English speaking patients.

</doc>
<doc id="9634320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634320" title="Athletics at the 2002 Commonwealth Games">
Athletics at the 2002 Commonwealth Games

At the 2002 Commonwealth Games, the athletics events were held at the City of Manchester Stadium on 26–30 July 2002. The route for the marathon event crossed Manchester city centre and finished in the stadium. The race walk events began alongside the Lowry Centre at Salford Quays. There were twenty-five men's events and 23 women's events; the schedules were identical except that there were men's 3000 metres steeplechase and 50 kilometres walk events. Pole vaulter Dominic Johnson won a bronze medal, Saint Lucia's only medal of the Games.
Sixteen Games records were bettered over the course of the competition, and two further records were set in the disability events.
Medal winners.
Women.
<br>* Athletes who ran in heats and received medals.
Medal table.
Retrieved from 2002 Manchester Commonwealth Games Official Website.

</doc>
<doc id="9634331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634331" title="Glass Mountains">
Glass Mountains

The Glass Mountains or Gloss Hills are a series of mesas and buttes that extend from the Permian red beds of the Blaine Escarpment of northwestern Oklahoma in Major County. The mountains rise to above the surface of the plains. The highest elevation in the formation is about above sea level. The Glass Mountains stretch west along US Highway 412 from Orienta south of the Cimarron River. The name comes from the sparkling selenite crystals on the slopes and tops of the mesas. The first American explorers referred to them as the "Shining Mountains," when they saw the formation in 1821.
The region became part of the Cherokee Strip during the 19th Century.In 1891, botanist George Walter Stevens, started collecting specimens in the Glass Mountains domain for his dissertation. The University of Oklahoma Bebb Herbarium holds 4,500 samples that Stevens collected statewide. Two cacti he may have collected in the Glass Mountains area are "Echinocereus caespitosus" and "Opuntia phaecantha".
In 1875, a transcription error by a mapmaker resulted in the name "Gloss Mountains" which is still a somewhat common name for the mountains.
The state of Oklahoma operates the Glass (Gloss) Mountain State Park, west of Orienta on a mesa along Highway 412. The park allows climbers to hike to the top of the mesa via a path and stairs. Picnic tables and an informational kiosk have been installed, and a pond known as Rattlesnake Lake is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="9634342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634342" title="Arispie Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Arispie Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Arispie Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 776 and it contained 371 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.56%) is land and (or 0.44%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9634360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634360" title="István Apáthy">
István Apáthy

István Apáthy, also known as Stephan Apáthy (1863–1922), was an Hungarian zoologist and histologist, known for his work in medical science and microscope technique. He particularly studied neurofibrils, and was known for improving microscopic techniques for dealing with tissue samples. Apáthy was a professor at the Franz Joseph University. He also theorized on the "social and political aspects" of eugenics.

</doc>
<doc id="9634380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634380" title="Petit Seminaire Higher Secondary School">
Petit Seminaire Higher Secondary School

Petit Seminaire Higher Secondary School is a higher secondary school for boys in the union territory of Puducherry, India.
History.
The history of Petit Seminaire dates back to 1844 as a seminary attended by 89 students of whom 25 were ecclesiastical students aspiring for priesthood. In 1873 it became a public college. In 1880, Petit Seminaire stopped receiving government subsidy, and has maintained its financial independence.
The student population showed an increase from 800 in 1903 to 1100 in 1907, of whom 700 were Catholics. In 1932, the English section was upgraded into a high school, preparing boys for matriculation and was affiliated with the Madras university. In July 1978, Petit Seminare was born again, this time as Petit Seminaire Higher Secondary School, offering two courses of study at the higher secondary level.
Motto.
The school's motto is "Nil Magnum Nisi Bonum" meaning "Nothing is great unless good".
Religious teaching.
The class on Catholic doctrine is compulsory for Catholic students. For non-Catholic students "value" education classes are conducted on the Christian version of morality, and values of simplicity, dignity of labour, forgiveness, tolerance and generosity.
When Fr. J. Paul became the principal of the school in December 1984 there were 3,500 students and when he left the srength was 6,100.
He produced 100% results quite a few times both in Matriculation and higher Secondary. The school got the first few Ranks consistently in Puducherry territory.
Rivalry.
There is a rivalry between the schools in the area - particularly Thiruvalluvar Governmemnt. Girl's Higher Secondary School, St. Joseph Of Cluny Higher Secondary School, St Patrick Higher Secondary School, and Immaculate Heart of Mary' Girl's Higher Secondary School.
Curriculum.
Languages.
Tamil is taught as a compulsory subject to all students up to 3rd standard. Tamil, Hindi and French are offered as optionals from 4th standard onwards.
Physical health education.
Physical training and health education is given to all the students from Lower Kindergarten(L.K.G.) to Higher Secondary level.
'Human Resource Development' subject is taken from 4th standard to 9th stanadard.
Computer education.
All students from the L.K.G. to 10th grade are given computer experience. Computer science is taught as a subject along with Mathematics. It has been extended to 11th and 12th standard students.
Facilities.
Computer Lab
Established in 1984, the computer science centre is a pioneer among Puducherry schools in computer education and computerisation of admission. Computer lab facilities are available in the nursery section.
Library
The school is equipped with a library holding 10,000 books. The library gets periodicals including science and maths digests which are particularly useful to the higher secondary students in preparing for their entrance examinations.
And a new facility is that if a class is interested to open an library in their own class they may exchange the books of the class library within their class
Petit Health Care
Health check-ups are provided to students and teachers through Petit Health Care, headed by a doctor assisted by nurses. A similar health care unit functions at the nursery school campus at Ouppalam.
Audio Visual Room
A fully air conditioned audio visual room with LCD projector is at the disposal of the students and about 100 students at a time can learn any subject through CDs and models prepared by the teachers. 33 class rooms are provided with smart board facility.
Others
Sports facilities include an indoor table tennis auditorium, twin basketball courts and two tennis courts at the primary school campus.
Leadership.
The principals of this school over the time are:

</doc>
<doc id="9634381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634381" title="Berlin Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Berlin Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Berlin Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 746 and it contained 309 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Malden Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9634387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634387" title="Cinema Audio Society Awards">
Cinema Audio Society Awards

Cinema Audio Society Awards or The C.A.S. Awards is an annual awards ceremony honoring Outstanding Achievement in Sound Mixing. The awards are presented by the Cinema Audio Society and began in 1994. 
It hands out awards for three categories:
The competition is open to feature films and programs released or aired during the calendar year. The winners are revealed in a sealed envelope ceremony during the Cinema Audio Society awards banquet the following spring. Winners are selected entirely by a written balloting of the C.A.S. active members.
Outstanding Achievement in Sound Mixing for a Feature Film.
Winners in bold

</doc>
<doc id="9634390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634390" title="Fort Pitt Museum">
Fort Pitt Museum

Fort Pitt Museum is an indoor/outdoor museum that is administered by the Senator John Heinz History Center in downtown Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is at the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers, where the Ohio River is formed. Fort Pitt Museum is surrounded by Point State Park, a Pennsylvania state park named for the geographically and historically significant point that is between the rivers. This piece of land was key to controlling the upper reaches of the Ohio River Valley and western Pennsylvania, before, during and after the French and Indian War as well as the American Revolution.
The museum is in a recreated bastion of Fort Pitt, which was originally built in 1758 by the British. An outline of Fort Duquesne is nearby. The historical focus of the museum is the role that Fort Pitt played during the French and Indian War. The museum also features detailed information on Fort Pitt's role during the American Revolution, the Whiskey Rebellion and the founding of Pittsburgh. The museum was established and operated by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission until its closure in August 2009 from state budget cuts. The Heinz Center took over operation of the museum and reopened it in April 2010.
History.
Fort Pitt was a fort in what is now the city of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. The fort was built in 1758 during the French and Indian War, next to the site of Fort Duquesne. The French built Fort Duquesne at the beginning of that war, and it became a focal point due to its strategic river location. The Braddock expedition, a 1755 attempt to take Fort Duquesne, met with a bloody repulse at the Monongahela River. The French garrison viciously mauled an attacking British regiment in September 1758, but abandoned and destroyed the fort at the approach of General John Forbes's expedition in November.
The Forbes expedition was successful where the Braddock expedition had failed because of the Treaty of Easton, in which area American Indians agreed to abandon their alliance with the French. American Indians—primarily Delawares and Shawnees—made this agreement with the understanding that the British military would leave the area after the war. The Indians wanted a trading post on the spot, but they did not want a British army garrison. The British, however, built a new fort on the site and named it Fort Pitt, after William Pitt the Elder. 
As a result, in 1763 local Delawares and Shawnees took part in Pontiac's Rebellion, an effort to drive the British out of the region. The Indians' siege of Fort Pitt began on June 22, 1763, but the fort was too strong to be taken by force. In negotiations during the siege, the commander of Fort Pitt gave two Delaware emissaries blankets that had been exposed to smallpox, in hopes of infecting the surrounding Indians and ending the siege. It is unclear if this attempt was successful. Smallpox had already spread among Native American areas prior to the blanket attempt, and it killed much of the Native American population during and for years after the war ended. On August 1, 1763, most of the Indians broke off the siege in order to intercept an approaching force under Colonel Henry Bouquet, resulting in the Battle of Bushy Run. Bouquet fought off the attack and relieved Fort Pitt on August 20.
After Pontiac's War, Fort Pitt was no longer necessary to the British Crown, and was abandoned to the locals in 1772. At that time, the Pittsburgh area was claimed by both Virginia and Pennsylvania, and a power struggle for the region commenced. Virginians took control of Fort Pitt, and for a brief while in the 1770s it was called Fort Dunmore, in honour of Virginia's Governor Lord Dunmore. The fort served as a staging ground in Dunmore's War of 1774.
During the American Revolutionary War, Fort Pitt served as a headquarters for the western theatre of the war. Fort Pitt fell into disrepair once again in the years following the Revolution. It was abandoned in 1792 when Fort Fayette was built to replace it. Residents of the growing Pittsburgh used the remnants of the fort to build permanent housing for themselves.
A small brick building called the Blockhouse—actually a type of outbuilding known as a redoubt—remains in Point State Park, the only intact remnant of Fort Pitt. It was erected in 1764, and is believed to be the oldest building, not only in Pittsburgh, but in western Pennsylvania. Used for many years as a home, the blockhouse was purchased and has been preserved for many years by the Daughters of the American Revolution, who make it open to the public. Part of the foundations of Fort Pitt have been excavated and some of the fort has been rebuilt, though, giving visitors to Point State Park a sense of the size of the fort. In this rebuilt section the Monongahela Bastion houses the Fort Pitt Museum.
Fort Pitt Foundry was an important armaments manufacturing center for the Federal government during the Civil War, under the charge of William Metcalf.
Museum.
Michael DeBerardinis, Secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, announced a $25 million plan to renovate Point State Park and parts of the Fort Pitt Museum on October 11, 2006. The plans call for improving the green spaces within the park, expanding recreational opportunities, preserving historical installations and updating outdated amenities. The project was originally scheduled to be complete within four years, with the majority of the work to be completed in time for Pittsburgh's 250th anniversary celebration in 2008.
Sections of the park have fallen into disuse since it was established in 1974. The homeless have used the trenches surrounding the foundations of the remains of Fort Pitt as a temporary shelter for years. Graffiti on the structures of the park has become a major problem. Sections of the park are littered with fence posts, cut logs, plastic drums, and rolled up snow drift fencing. The walkways have become cracked and are beginning to fall apart. The goal of the restoration project is to re-establish the park as a recreational destination.
Plans for improving the park are well under way. They include, installing new pumps and pipes in the fountain, establishing a seating area around the fountain and a wading area for children, restoring the river walk with steps that lead into the river, building kiosks for information and concessions, renovating the rest rooms, renovating the water taxi landings and surrounding docks, and installing wireless internet access hubs. Currently (April 2011) the waterfront area is closed to pedestrians as the stone walkways and wharf area are being resurfaced. They are to be reopened during the summer, 2011.
These plans were not put into place without some controversy. On January 25, 2007, thirteen members of two different local labor unions were arrested for blocking access by contractors to the work sites at the remnants of Fort Pitt. The labor union protested the use of four non labor workers by the contractor responsible for completing the work at Point State Park. [http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/pittsburghtrib/news/cityregion/s_490354.html]
On August 14, 2009, the state closed the museum and three other PHMC museums indefinitely due to a lack of funding as part of an ongoing budget crisis. Management of the museum is supposed to be taken over by the Senator John Heinz Regional History Center once the state budget is passed. The Senator John Heinz History Center re-opened the Fort Pitt Museum on Saturday, April 17, 2010. The History Center’s museum system also includes a Smithsonian-affiliated, seven-story museum in Pittsburgh’s Strip District; Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village, the oldest site of human habitation in North America located in Avella, Pa.; and the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, a two-floor museum-within-a-museum at the History Center.
Currently, the Fort Pitt Museum is open to visitation seven days a week from 10am - 5pm. The museum is closed only on major holidays (Christmas, New Years, Thanksgiving and Easter)

</doc>
<doc id="9634391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634391" title="Thunder Mountain Motor Speedway">
Thunder Mountain Motor Speedway

Thunder Mountain Speedway was a 3/10 mile dirt track racing facility in East Texas located just north of Rusk, Texas, USA, on U.S. Route 69. Dubbed the "Potato Chip" for its unique shape, the track was a favorite of many drivers. The facility fell on hard times in the last few years and has changed hands on numerous occasions, closing in 2006. It is currently for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="9634412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634412" title="Bureau Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Bureau Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Bureau Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 247 and it contained 124 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Corss and Roggy.

</doc>
<doc id="9634442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634442" title="McFaddin, Texas">
McFaddin, Texas

McFaddin is an unincorporated community in Victoria County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Victoria, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The community was known as Marianna from 1906 to 1923. The population as of 2000 was 175. In 1990 It was 300. It is seated on Farm to Market 445. It was named after James A. McFaddin, a Civil War veteran. It has three Texas Historical Commission plaques.
Geography.
It is near the San Antonio River. It's 18 miles southwest of Victoria. A railroad runs through the town.
Education.
McFaddin residents are zoned to the Victoria Independent School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9634445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634445" title="Clarion Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Clarion Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Clarion Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 421 and it contained 162 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these five cemeteries: Clarion Lutheran, Erbes, German Evangelical, Hetzler and Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="9634457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634457" title="Dendroceratida">
Dendroceratida

In taxonomy, the Dendroceratida are an order of sponges of the class Demospongiae. They are typically found in shallow coastal and tidal areas of most coasts around the world. They are generally characterized by concentric layers of spongin fibers, and large flagellated chambers that open directly into the exhalant canals.

</doc>
<doc id="9634470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634470" title="Ministry of the Interior and Justice (Colombia)">
Ministry of the Interior and Justice (Colombia)

The Ministry of the Interior and Justice (, or MIJ), was at national executive ministry of the Government of Colombia responsible for the enforcement of both law and administration of justice, equivalent to the justice and interior ministries of other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9634471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634471" title="Concord Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Concord Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Concord Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,644 and it contained 750 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.59%) is land and (or 0.41%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these four cemeteries: Fifield, Hopeland, Saint Patrick and Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="9634480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634480" title="La Comedia Dinner Theatre">
La Comedia Dinner Theatre

La Comedia Dinner Theatre is located in Springboro, Ohio. La Comedia is one of the nation's largest professional dinner theaters with Broadway-style productions. 2009 marks the 34th season. The theatre produces between 6 and 9 productions each year and also hosts music groups for short gigs. Guests are first served dinner buffet style and the show follows about an hour and a half later. Shows run for about 6 to 8 weeks.
La Comedia opened January 28, 1975 with the production of 'A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum' under the direction of Dub Narramore. One of the first advertisements for the dinner theatre announced an "Exciting dinner and a Live Professional Broadway Stage Play", "both for only $6.65". At age 27, Joe Mitchell was the original producer and owner of La Comedia Dinner Theatre until he sold the establishment in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9634484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634484" title="Luvanmusiq">
Luvanmusiq

Luvanmusiq (Lovin' Musiq) is the fourth release by the singer-songwriter Musiq Soulchild, the first under his contract with Atlantic Records. The lead single, "B.U.D.D.Y.", was released to U.S. radio in late November 2006; it reached number two on the R&B chart, and number 36 on the Billboard Hot 100. Following its release, it entered the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 1, with 149,774 copies sold. During the same week, the second single, "Teachme", entered the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number 54, and rose to number five in its thirteenth week. "Teachme" also entered the Hot 100 at number 92 on the issue date, May 26, 2007. By July 11, 2007, the album had sold 789,377 copies in the U.S.
The third single from the album was "Makeyouhappy", first said in an entry on Soulchild's MySpace blog. The song has already entered Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-hop Songs chart, peaking at #61. The album was nominated for Best R&B Album at the 50th Grammy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9634490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634490" title="Waynedale High School">
Waynedale High School

Waynedale High School is a public high school in Apple Creek, Ohio, United States. It is the only high school in the Southeast Local School District. They are nicknamed the "Golden Bears" and wear the colors of brown and gold for athletic events. 
History.
Waynedale was created in 1955 during the era when the state of Ohio was consolidating small school districts into larger ones in order to save money. Apple Creek, Fredericksburg, Holmesville, and Mt. Eaton high schools were merged to create Waynedale High School within the Southeast Local School District. They have been members of the Wayne County Athletic League since their creation, as their preceding schools were beforehand. A 20 member committee of coaches, students, and teachers chose the name "Waynedale", as well as the nickname "Bears" over the other choices of "Warriors" and "Wabbits". When the school colors of brown and gold were selected, they decided to go with the nickname of "Golden Bears." The Waynedale student section during athletic events is called the "Bear Den".
Waynedale has a strong rivalry with the Triway High School Titans that dates back to when both schools were members of the WCAL from 1955-1970.
Due to the recent success of all three teams, Waynedale's football team also has a strong rivalry with both the Dalton High School Bulldogs and the Smithville High School Smithies. All three schools have combined to either share or outright win the WCAL football title 49 times from 1955-2013, and in that time frame there have only been 16 seasons where none of the three have had a hand in a football championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9634500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634500" title="Bill Hutchinson (baseball)">
Bill Hutchinson (baseball)

William Forrest "Wild Bill" Hutchinson (December 17, 1859 – March 19, 1926) was a professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher over parts of nine seasons (1884, 1889–1897) with the Kansas City Cowboys, Chicago White Stockings/Colts and St. Louis Browns. He was the National League wins leader for three straight season (1890–1892) and strikeout champion in 1892 with Chicago. For his career, he compiled a 183-163 record in 375 appearances, with a 3.59 ERA and 1234 strikeouts. 
During his seven seasons with the Chicago franchise (now the Chicago Cubs) he ranks 4th all-time in franchise history in wins (181), 6th in games pitched (367), 2nd in innings pitched (3021), 6th in strikeouts (1224), 3rd in games started (339), 1st in complete games (317), 10th in shutouts (21), 1st in base on balls allowed (1109), 1st in losses (158), and 1st in wild pitches (120).
He was born in New Haven, Connecticut, attended Yale, and later died in Kansas City, Missouri at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="9634504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634504" title="Dover Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Dover Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Dover Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 550 and it contained 249 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these six cemeteries: Dover, Heatons Point, Limerick, Mason, Pioneer and Prairie Repose.

</doc>
<doc id="9634516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634516" title="Rover 10">
Rover 10

The Rover 10 was a small family car from the British Rover car company produced between 1929 and 1947.
Rover 10/25.
The 1929 Rover 10/25 was based on the earlier Rover 9 which it replaced. The car was conventional with leaf spring suspension all round, half elliptic at the front and quarter elliptic at the rear with rigid axles. The four cylinder, overhead valve engine had a capacity of 1185 cc and had at first magneto ignition. Drive was to the rear wheels through a three speed gearbox.
The magneto was replaced by coil ignition in 1929.
In order to keep weight down many of the cars had fabric bodies using the Weymann system.
In 1929 the car was available as either the Riviera saloon with fully opening roof at GBP250 or a Sportsman's Coupé at GBP269.
An updated version appeared in 1931 with four speed gearbox and new chassis. All steel bodies made by Pressed Steel Ltd and also used on the Hillman Minx were introduced at a new low price of GBP189. The existing Weymann bodied Riviera and Sportsman models continued and were joined by an upmarket Coachbuilt model with two tone colour scheme. A Regal model was introduced in 1933 with wire wheels replacing the artillery ones and bumpers front and rear.
Rover 10 1933-1938.
The 1933 10 was really a new car with new chassis and new 1389 cc engine. It was the first car to be developed by Rover after the Wilks brothers Spencer and younger brother Maurice joined the company. The car was relatively expensive at GBP238 - the Austin 10 was GBP168 - and reflected the new company policy of moving upmarket rather than chasing volume. The Pressed Steel body was continued but there were no more fabric bodied models. Chassis were also supplied to a wide range of external coachbuilders.
The engine was flexibly mounted in the chassis to reduce vibration and a freewheel device was fitted to help gear changing on the non-synchromesh gearbox and save fuel, a 15% improvement in economy was claimed. The freewheel would continue to be a feature of some Rovers until 1959.
Rover 10 1939-1947.
The final version of the 10 was launched in 1939. The chassis was slightly modified getting an extra half inch (12 mm) in the wheelbase and the engine got a new cylinder head increasing power from 44 to 48 bhp. Synchromesh was fitted to the top two ratios on the gearbox. The body was restyled in the Rover style of the time. The price was now GBP275 for the saloon but few were made before the outbreak of war and production stopping in 1940.
The Coventry factory was damaged by bombing in November 1940 and when production restarted it was from the new Solihull works. The cars were little changed but a left hand drive version to help the export drive arrived in 1947 along with an optional heater.
The final cars were made in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="9634517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634517" title="Emmanuel Cooper">
Emmanuel Cooper

Emmanuel Cooper OBE (193821 January 2012) was a British studio potter and writer on arts and crafts.
Born in Derbyshire, Cooper studied at the University for the Creative Arts. He also achieved a PhD degree at Middlesex University. He was a member of the Crafts Council and the editor of "Ceramic Review". Since 1999, he has been visiting Professor of Ceramics and Glass at the Royal College of Art. He is the author of many books on ceramics including his definitive biography of Bernard Leach that was published in 2003 (Yale University Press), and is also the editor of "The Ceramics Book", published in 2006.
In the early 1970s, he was also a cofounder of the Gay Left collective, and remained a prominent LGBT rights campaigner throughout his life. He also published several studies of LGBT art, including "The Sexual Perspective" and "Fully Exposed: The Male Nude in Photography".
As a potter, Cooper's work falls into one of two general forms. In the first his vessels are heavily glazed in a volcanic form. The vessels, as a result of this heavy glazing, derive a lot of their appeal from their varied and uneven textures. In their most simple form they are very reminiscent of work by Lucie Rie. In their more extravagant forms though the vessels can be banded or use incredibly vivid colors to great effect including pink, vibrant yellow and deep reds and blues. His other form of work is much simpler in style using plain glazes, often in egg yolk yellow, occasionally spotted with gold flecks.
His work can be found in the Victoria & Albert Museum and the Royal Scottish Museum, as well as in many private collections. He was awarded an OBE for services to art.
Cooper died on 21 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9634520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634520" title="Special Operations Warrior Foundation">
Special Operations Warrior Foundation

The Special Operations Warrior Foundation (SOWF) is an American tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 1980 to provide college scholarships and educational counseling to the surviving children of Special Operations personnel killed in the line of duty. These services are provided throughout the United States, or overseas, depending upon where the surviving children reside.
Operation.
The Special Operations Warrior Foundation is a top-rated, non-profit organization located in Tampa, Florida. The SOWF supports America's special operations forces by providing full college educations to the surviving children of fallen special operations personnel as well as immediate financial assistance to severely wounded special operations personnel.
Today, the foundation has 1,000 Children in its program, with 140 students enrolled full-time in colleges and universities across the country.
Mission.
The mission of the foundation is to provide a college education to every child who has lost a parent while serving in the Special Operations Command or one of its components. The foundation provides funding for tuition, books, fees, room and board, laptop computer and printer. Eligible students are not restricted to traditional four year colleges: they may attend junior colleges or vocational schools as well. The foundation also employs a school psychologist to help families through the grieving processes and the challenges that come with losing a parent. 
The foundation also provides immediate financial assistance to severely wounded special operations personnel to allow their loved ones to travel and be bedside when they are needed most.
Awards.
In 2013, the Special Operations Warrior Foundation was awarded its eighth consecutive four-star rating from the nation's leading charity watchdog, Charity Navigator. This esteemed rating places the SOWF in the top one percent of charities rated for its financial efficiency.
History.
The SOWF was founded in 1980 following the failed attempt to rescue American hostages being held in Iran. The doomed mission was plagued with problems from the start, but it ended in disaster when a helicopter and C-130 gunship collided in the desert of Iran, at a location now referred to as "Desert One," killing eight military personnel and severely incapacitating another. The fallen warriors left behind 17 children. The survivors took it on themselves to provide college educations for the children of their fallen comrades.
The foundation began as the Col. Arthur D. "Bull" Simons Scholarship Fund. It was named in honor of the Army Green Beret, Bull Simons, who repeatedly risked his life on rescue missions.
Following creation of the United States Special Operations Command, and as casualties mounted from actions such as Operations Urgent Fury (Grenada), Just Cause (Panama), Desert Storm (Kuwait and Iraq), and Restore Hope (Somalia), the Bull Simons Fund gradually expanded its outreach program to encompass all Special Operations Forces. Thus, in 1995 the Family Liaison Action Group (established to support the families of the 53 Iranian hostages) and the Spectre (Air Force gunship) Association Scholarship Fund merged to form the Special Operations Warrior Foundation. In 1998 the foundation extended the scholarship and financial aid counseling to also include training fatalities since the inception of the foundation in 1980. This action immediately added 205 children who were now eligible for college funding.
Financial requirements.
There are more than 1,000 children of fallen special operations troops with whom the foundation is charged with helping in their education requirements. With nearly 125 children eligible each year for college in the upcoming years, the foundation's estimated financial need through 2018 is $60 million.
In 2012, the foundation provided $4.8 million in scholarship grants, financial aid, and counseling to families of fallen special operations personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="9634522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634522" title="Chaozz">
Chaozz

Chaozz First members of Chaozz started in group UNIT, which was established in 1993. This group had 4 members (Bass, Rusty, Dědek and DJ Skupla). In the same time MC Deph made a solo record. In 1994 group UNIT disbanded and Deph started cooperating with MC Fugaz in a new projeckt called FLAVAMATIC. After a short time these 2 guys united with the group CHAOZZ (Bass, Rusty and DJ Smog). At a few concerts these groups were separated and then they agreed on one name – CHAOZZ (Bass, Deph, Rusty, Fugaz and DJ Smog).
 Great popularity of Chaozz started after meeting Ivo Pospíšil, who had a shop with records and had contacts in editorship of Polygram. In 1996 they made their first record called „a nastal Chaozz“. After this album they experimented with a Slovak group „No Gravity“ from which the song „Chaozz věci“is well known where they parode commercials. Their popularity was on the top because of hit parade on TV Nova and in radio stations.
 They are renowned for being the most commercially successful hip-hop project in the Czech Republic. In 2002, after 4 albums, the group took a break. Deph with Skupla founded another group Prago Union and Bass still play as a party DJ and makes his own project Ba2s.

</doc>
<doc id="9634527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634527" title="Cincinnati AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Championship Series">
Cincinnati AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Championship Series

The Cincinnati AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Championship Series takes place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason, Ohio. The event features the top 150 men's and women's professional beach volleyball players in highly competitive and energized matches.
[http://www.mustseeavp.com]

</doc>
<doc id="9634535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634535" title="Position paper">
Position paper

A position paper is an essay that presents an opinion about an issue, typically that of the author or another specified entity; such as a political party. Position papers are published in academia, in politics, in law and other domains.
Position papers range from the simplest format of a letter to the editor through to the most complex in the form of an academic position paper. Position papers are also used by large organizations to make public the official beliefs and recommendations of the group.
In Academia.
Position papers in Academia enable discussion on emerging topics without the experimentation and original research normally present in an Academic Paper. Commonly, such a document will substantiate the opinions or positions put forward with evidence from an extensive objective discussion of the topic.
In politics.
Position papers are most useful in contexts where detailed comprehension of another entity's views is important; as such, they are commonly used by political campaigns, government organizations, in the diplomatic world, and in efforts to change values (e.g. through public service announcements) and organisational branding. They are also an important part of the Model United Nations process.
In government, a position paper lies somewhere between a white paper and a green paper in that they affirm definite opinions and propose solutions but may not go so far as detailing specific plans for implementation.
In law.
In international law, the term for a position paper is Aide-mémoire. An Aide-Mémoire is memorandum setting forth the minor points of a proposed discussion or disagreement, used especially in undiplomatic communications.

</doc>
<doc id="9634537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634537" title="Fairfield Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Fairfield Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Fairfield Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 375 and it contained 145 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these three cemeteries: Amish, Anderson Family and Yorktown.

</doc>
<doc id="9634561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634561" title="McFaddin">
McFaddin

McFaddin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9634563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634563" title="Gold Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Gold Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Gold Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 180 and it contained 88 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Gold Township Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9634582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634582" title="David Hughes (tenor)">
David Hughes (tenor)

David Hughes (born Geoffrey Paddison; 11 October 1925 – 19 October 1972) was an English-born popular singer of Welsh extraction who became an opera singer.
The popular tenor.
Paddison was born in Bournbrook, Birmingham, England of Welsh parents. As a child he listened to records by Caruso. He found work as a clerk, and was invited to sing "On the Road to Mandalay" at an office concert. This was so well received that he started taking professional singing lessons. In 1945 he joined the RAF and sang on ZBW in Kowloon, the armed forces' radio station. At this time he was singing Bing Crosby songs. In 1947 he received a grant to study singing at Wigmore Hall.
After that he studied at the Royal Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. He had an early break in 1948 appearing with Ginger Rogers and Lizabeth Webb in "Carissima", a West End musical. In 1951 he appeared on Henry Hall's "Guest Night". He was introduced by Hall as "the young Welsh tenor". This prompted him to take his stage name "David Hughes", an archetypical Welsh name. He appeared often in the 1950s on television and radio. These shows included "Presenting David Hughes", "Sunday Night at the London Palladium" and "Make Mine Music" (1959). In 1954, while touring Australia, he met and married Ann Sullivan. He appeared in the stage show "Summer Song" in 1956, a biographical musical about Antonín Dvořák's visit to the United States. Sally Ann Howes was the female lead. In 1956 he had his only hit in the UK Singles Chart, "By The Fountains of Rome". The composer was Mátyás Seiber and the lyrics by Norman Newell, who also wrote hits for Ken Dodd ("Promises", 1966), Shirley Bassey ("Never Never Never", 1973) and Matt Monro ("Portrait of My Love", 1960). Hughes participated in the UK heat of the Eurovision Song Contest in 1960, A Song For Europe, finishing in second place with the song "Mi Amor".
The opera singer.
Shortly after appearing in the musical "Seagulls Over Sorrento" (1962) he moved into opera. He sang at Glyndebourne and with Sadler's Wells and Welsh National operas. Sir John Barbirolli conducted Verdi's "Requiem" several times, with Hughes singing. He earned a reputation as a thorough professional, popular with colleagues. His most famous role was as Lieutenant Pinkerton in "Madam Butterfly".
On 8 October 1972, he fell ill while singing the part of Pinkerton at the London Coliseum. He collapsed in the wings near the end but managed to complete the final scene. He died the following day, from heart failure. Just before the ambulance men took him out of the theatre he said "I didn't let them down, did I?"

</doc>
<doc id="9634584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634584" title="Wooster High School (Ohio)">
Wooster High School (Ohio)

Wooster High School is a public high school in Wooster, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Wooster City School District. The mascot/nickname of the school is the Generals, named after American Revolutionary War General David Wooster. 
Wooster's football rivalry with the Orrville High School Red Riders is the oldest rivalry in Wayne County, having first met back in 1903. After the 2011 season, the teams have met 101 times.
Clubs and activities.
The school's Latin Club functions as a local chapter of both the Ohio Junior Classical League (OJCL) and National Junior Classical League (NJCL).
Ohio High School Athletic Association State Championships.
After finishing 2nd in the State in 1979 Wooster HS came back and won the state championship in 1980, which has been the only OHSAA team championship in the school's history.
Athletics.
Wooster High School has 22 athletic teams, of which 11 are for boys and 11 are for girls, which compete in the Ohio Cardinal Conference of the Ohio High School Athletic Association. Wooster's teams are dubbed the "Generals".
Boys' Sports
Girls' Sports
Awards.
Wooster has received recognition for having appeared the most times at national speech and debate tournaments, with sixty-one appearances since the early 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="9634588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634588" title="Greenville Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Greenville Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Greenville Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 366 and it contained 169 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.05%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these three cemeteries: Bowen, Fairfield and New Bedford Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="9634592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634592" title="Demetrius (biblical figure)">
Demetrius (biblical figure)

The name Demetrius occurs in two places in the Bible, both in the New Testament:

</doc>
<doc id="9634602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634602" title="William Aitken (politician)">
William Aitken (politician)

Sir William Traven Aitken, KBE (10 June 1905 – 19 January 1964) was a Canadian-born British journalist and politician who was a Member of Parliament for 14 years. He was a nephew of Lord Beaverbrook.
Life in Canada.
Aitken was born in Nova Scotia, although his father normally lived in Toronto. He was educated at Upper Canada College, the oldest independent school in Canada, and went on to the University of Toronto, where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society. In the late 1920s he travelled through Canada and the United States, before settling in England in 1930.
Wartime service.
He found a living as a financial journalist on the staff of the "Evening Standard". In 1938 he married Hon. Penelope Loader Maffey MBE, daughter of Sir John Maffey (later Lord Rugby, and a leading civil servant). When the Second World War broke out, Aitken joined the Royal Air Force and piloted fighter reconnaissance aircraft; he was severely injured in 1945 and invalided out. His son Jonathan Aitken, later a politician, was born in 1942, and his daughter Maria Aitken, later an actress, was born in 1945. Penelope Aitken became a leading socialite in post-war society. His grandson, Jack Davenport, became an actor.
Post-war career.
At the 1945 general election, Aitken was the Conservative Party candidate who attempted to recapture West Derbyshire; he lost by only 156 votes. He became instead Manager of London Express News and Feature Services while he searched for another Parliamentary nomination. He was also a director of Shop Investments Ltd and Western Ground Rents Ltd, both of which were property investment companies.
Parliamentary career.
In 1948, Aitken was adopted as Conservative candidate for Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk, in succession to Geoffrey Clifton-Brown who was standing down. At the 1950 general election, Aitken was elected by 4,129 votes. In Parliament, Aitken showed a particular interest in Commonwealth issues, and was elected Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Commonwealth Affairs Committee. In 1951 he called for reform of the House of Lords so that it included representatives of the Colonies, Dominions and states of the Commonwealth.
Highways Bill.
Aitken was a rare speaker, choosing to intervene only in those debates where he had a particular knowledge. He remained a backbencher although he was a member of the round-table conference on the constitution of Malta in 1955. His support for the Commonwealth made him distrust attempts to have the United Kingdom sign the Treaty of Rome. His most famous action in Parliament was to introduce his Private Member's Bill of 1961, the Highways (Miscellaneous Provisions) Bill, which gave local authorities more powers to remove obstructions to roads and to acquire land to build straight roads.
Honours.
In 1960 Aitken voted to support a Labour amendment to the Betting Levy Board to reduce the Jockey Club's members of the Horserace Betting Levy Board to one, on the grounds that there should also be a veterinary surgeon on the board. In 1962, Aitken was given the honour of moving the 'loyal address' after the Queen's Speech. He was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1963. He died suddenly in January 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9634607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634607" title="Arawá language">
Arawá language

Arawá Aruá is an extinct language of Brazil. The people were wiped out by introduced measles, and the last speaker died in 1877. All that survives is a word list from 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="9634625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634625" title="Joan van Nuys">
Joan van Nuys

Joan van Nuys was an American author of historical romance novels. She has also written standard romance novels under the pseudonym “Marianna Essex”.
Biography.
Van Nuys was born Joan Carol Atkinson in Tarentum, Pennsylvania on April 13, 1929. Her father, an itinerant salesman and alcoholic, was convinced that music was the key to getting his family out from under the weight of poverty. Her older sister, Betty, was already considered a violin prodigy when Joan started learning the violin at age six. Although not a prodigy like her sister, she continued her studies and became an accomplished classical violinist.
She married Robert van Nuys in 1950. They settled in western Pennsylvania and had three daughters. In the 1960s and 1970s, she performed with the Youngstown Symphony Orchestra.
Joan began writing late in life after her daughter Carol moved to Norway in 1973; she compiled Carol’s many adventures into short story form. Although not a fan of the romance genre (she never read a romance novel before deciding to write one), she thought it might be an easy way to begin a writing career. In the early-1980s, she wrote a traditional romance featuring a Norwegian hero that got her an agent; however, the story was rejected by major publishers. She persisted and wrote two more romances under the pseudonym “Marianna Essex” that were published by Signet Books. Joan found the format for the boilerplate romance novels to be too restrictive so she turned to writing the more challenging historical romances. Over a period of seven years, she wrote seven critically successful and popular historical romance novels published by Leisure Romance and Avon Books. Some of these books were translated into other languages, and she attained a worldwide following. She died on May 20, 2000, after a brief battle with colon cancer. Her novels are still widely available on the Internet.
Romance Novels.
These novels were written under van Nuy’s pseudonym, Marianna Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="9634634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634634" title="Mioara Mugur-Schächter">
Mioara Mugur-Schächter

Mioara Mugur-Schächter is a French physicist of Romanian origin, a specialist in quantum physics and epistemology.
Biography.
Born in Romania, she arrived in France in 1962 from Bucharest. Her PhD thesis - of which the whole content had been elaborated beforehand in Bucharest and sent to Louis de Broglie - contains the first and very elaborated invalidation of von Neumann's famous proof asserting the impossibility of hidden parameters compatible with the quantum mechanical formalism. This work was published in a volume prefaced by Louis de Broglie and published in the collection "Les grands problèmes des sciences", Gauthiers Villars, Paris, 1964.Since that time, a professor of theoretical physics in France
Works.
According to the terms of Mugur-Schächter, this method is "a new discipline: a representation of the process of conceptualization rooted directly into the a-conceptual physical reality – far beneath languages – and the character of which is resolutely methodological and formalizing. The whole qualitative essence of the descriptions of microstates, wherefrom nowadays microphysics draws its remarkable powers, is incorporated in this method. Inside the framework of this method, the processes of conceptualization are represented by qualitative constructive algorithms, which exclude a priori any vagueness and illusory problems".
The method of Relativized Conceptualization (as it is best exposed in "Sur le tissage des connaissance") leads to a unification between the MRC-(genetic and relativized) logic and the MRC concept of (genetic relativized) probabilities.
The method furthermore leads to an algorithm for constructing a relativized concept of a factual probability law (Math. Struct. in Comp. Science (2013), vol. to be decided when published, pp. 1–91 Cambridge University Press 2013). It also elucidates where and how meaning is involved inside Shannon’s theory of communication of information ( ). And it allows a definition of relativized mathematical measures of complexity that preserve the involved semantic contents ( chapter 8).
The work titled "Principles of a 2nd Quantum Mechanics ( still in French only) effectively realizes the above-mentioned face-à-face.

</doc>
<doc id="9634643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634643" title="Stuart Lancaster (rugby union)">
Stuart Lancaster (rugby union)

Stuart Lancaster (born 9 October 1969 in Penrith, Cumbria) is the Head Coach for the England Rugby Football Union.
Rugby career.
Stuart Lancaster started his rugby playing career at St. Bees School playing for the 1st XV. Lancaster ran the Leeds/RFU Academy for five years from 2001 after playing under former boss Phil Davies before retiring in 2000. He became the Elite Rugby Director at Leeds Carnegie in 2006.
A former back rower, Lancaster was the first ever player to play more than 100 games for Davies' Leeds before taking up a full-time role developing the young players at the club.
He began playing for Leeds following the merge of Headingley and Roundhay, having previously played for Headingley. He also played for Wakefield Rugby Football Club and represented Scotland at U19 and U21 level and Scotland Students.
Lancaster used to be a PE teacher at Kettlethorpe High School.
Appointment to the England RFU.
Rob Andrew, the RFU's Elite Rugby Director announced Lancaster's appointment on 6 May 2008 stating "This is a very important appointment for the department. Stuart brings Guinness Premiership coaching experience and is also one of the coaches who has achieved the Elite Coaching Level 5 qualification." The move was taken poorly by the owners of Leeds Carnegie the club from which he was Director of Rugby before joing the RFU, who felt they should have been contacted regarding the appointment.
On 29 March 2012, Lancaster was appointed as the England head coach by the Rugby Football Union. Previously Lancaster was appointed as the head coach on a short term basis assisted by existing forwards coach Graham Rowntree and Andy Farrell.
On the day of his appointment Lancaster said "The challenge now is to take this squad and the players we will see emerge forward to 2015, It is one that I can't wait to get stuck into".
Matches as Manager.
Note: World Rankings Column shows the World Ranking England was placed at on the following Monday after each of their matches

</doc>
<doc id="9634647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634647" title="Hall Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Hall Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Hall Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 8,300 and it contained 3,692 housing units. Hall Township changed its name from Bloom Township in June, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.26%) is land and (or 1.77%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these eleven cemeteries: Ladd, Lithuanian, Miller, Mount Olivet Catholic, Ottville, Saint Annes Catholic, Saint George Syrian, Saint Josephs, Saint Valentines, Saints Peter and Paul and Valley Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9634657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634657" title="Desmolase">
Desmolase

A desmolase enzyme is one that catalyzes the formation or destruction of carbon-carbon bonds within a molecule.
These enzymes play a significant role in respiration and fermentation. Desmolases are involved in steroidogenesis.
Examples of desmolases are:

</doc>
<doc id="9634672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634672" title="Orienta, Oklahoma">
Orienta, Oklahoma

Orienta is a small unincorporated community located at the junction U.S. Highway 60 and U.S. Highway 412 in Major County, Oklahoma. It lies north of Fairview, east of the Glass Mountains and south of the Cimarron River. The post office was established March 12, 1901, and took its name from the Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Railway along which it was built,
Sources.
Shirk, George H. "Oklahoma Place Names"; Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 1987: ISBN 0-8061-2028-2 .

</doc>
<doc id="9634679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634679" title="Indiantown Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Indiantown Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Indiantown Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 711 and it contained 311 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.78%) is land and (or 0.22%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these five cemeteries: Catholic, Mount Bloom, Oak Hill, Saint Marys and Willow Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="9634681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634681" title="Víctor Bó">
Víctor Bó

Víctor Bó (born April 8, 1943) is an Argentine film actor and film producer, son of classic actor and director Armando Bó. He has since retired from acting.
He broke into acting aged 16 in 1959 in "Y el demonio creó a los hombres". In 1971 he appeared in "Así es Buenos Aires" and "Barbarian Queen" in 1984. He helped produce two movies directed by Jorge Polaco: "Kindergarten" (1990) and "Siempre es difícil volver a casa" (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="9634702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634702" title="Central Christian High School (Kidron, Ohio)">
Central Christian High School (Kidron, Ohio)

Central Christian School is a private high school, middle school, and elementary school in Kidron, Ohio. It is a coed school, and they serve 232 students in grades 5 through 12. 
Background.
Central Christian was founded in 1961 and is owned and operated by the Ohio Conference of the Mennonite Church. It is the first Mennonite high school in Ohio. Their mascot is a Comet, although they were known as the Crusaders until June 2000. The school is also a member of both the OHSAA and the OCSAA.

</doc>
<doc id="9634710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634710" title="Centre for Rural and Northern Health Research">
Centre for Rural and Northern Health Research

The Centre for Rural and Northern Health Research or CRaNHR is a research centre jointly located at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario and Lakehead University in Thunder Bay, Ontario. CRaNHR collaborates with the Northern Ontario School of Medicine in many research projects.
Established in 1992, CRaNHR conducts research on rural health with the goal to improve health services and access to health care primarily in rural and northern areas, and to better understand the health care system.
The research centre was formerly known as the Northern Health Human Resources Research Unit (NHHRRU). In 1997, it adopted its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="9634721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634721" title="Château de Gannat">
Château de Gannat

The Château de Gannat is a castle, now a museum known as Museum Yves Machelon, in the town of Gannat in the Allier "département" of France.
Description.
With origins in the 12th century, the Château de Gannat is a typical 14th century defensive castle, built on a square plan flanked with four machicolated towers, linked by high crenellated walls. Originally, the castle was outside the town walls and surrounded by water; it is now a feature of the town centre. By the 16th century it was uninhabitable and much of it was dismantled in 1566. On the east wall are traces of a fireplace and two vaulted bays.
It was used as a prison from 1833 to the early 20th century. The property of the "département", the Château de Gannat has been listed since 1926 by the French Ministry of Culture as a "monument historique".
Museum.
The museum is housed in the former prison warders' apartments and the cells. Items on display include 14th to 18th century parchments from the town's archives, a 17th-century ivory crucifix and 12th century wrought iron. A prize exhibit is a Gospel book, whose binding is even older (10th century). Other exhibits include a typical Bourbonnais kitchen, clog makers workshop, leather and farming tools. A separate section on the Resistance displays photographs, medals and news articles about the Resistance in the local area.
See also.
List of castles in France

</doc>
<doc id="9634733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634733" title="Adia">
Adia

"Adia" is a song by Sarah McLachlan that originally appeared on her 1997 album "Surfacing". It was co-written by McLachlan and her longtime producer, Pierre Marchand. On VH1 Storytellers, McLachlan also said about the song, ""I'm not quite sure how to explain this one but, uh, I guess more than anything it's about my problems in dealing with feeling responsible for everyone else"".
"Adia" was McLachlan's first top 5 song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaked at number three. Though it only remained at the position for one week, the song did spend six consecutive weeks at number four and seven consecutive weeks at number five, totalling twenty-three weeks at the top ten and forty-nine weeks at the chart, "Adia" was the twentieth most successful song of 1998 in the US.
Releases.
"Adia" was the third of four songs from "Surfacing" to be released as a single. It was her most successful US single, peaking at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The single, released July 7, 1998, contains four tracks: the radio mix of "Adia", the "Surfacing" mix of "Angel", the original studio version of "I Will Remember You" (as opposed to the live version included on the "Mirrorball" album, also released as a single), and a live version of "Building a Mystery".
McLachlan was nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the Grammy Awards of 1999 for "Adia", losing to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On".
A live version of "Adia" appears on the "Mirrorball" album.
Cover versions.
"Adia" has been covered by Avril Lavigne on the "Control Room – Live EP". She said she used to cover it when she was 15.
In 1999, saxophonist Richard Elliot covered the song from the release "Chill Factor."

</doc>
<doc id="9634735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634735" title="Barry O'Callaghan">
Barry O'Callaghan

Barry O'Callaghan is an Irish businessman, former chairman and CEO of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMH), and the Chairman of Education Media and Publishing Group (EMPG), the Cayman Island holding company for Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
He was the largest shareholder in EMPG on its formation in 2007 with a controlling stake of circa 48%. O'Callaghan created Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, one of the largest educational publishers in the United States, by merging existing companies. Despite the rationale of the merger of Riverdeep, Houghton Mifflin and Harcourt to form HMH, the global financial crisis affected the company by first forcing a restructuring that led to a loss of value of Mr. O'Callaghan's shareholding in EMPG in late 2009, with his holding falling to approximately 22%. Then a further restructuring in early 2010, led to his stake and its value being reduced to 'almost zero'.
Despite the destruction of $3.5 billion of equity value at EMPG, the conversion of approximately 60% of the debt, over $4 billion, into equity, and massive personal debts of O'Callaghan, circa $400 million, he remained for a short time as CEO of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, after the completion of the restructuring. In 2011, O'Callaghan stepped down as CEO and was eventually replaced by Linda Zecher.
On 4 April 2010, "The Times" described the lending practises at Anglo Irish Bank. The article quotes the new CEO, Mike Aynsley: "hubris played a very, very big part." In may deals, Anglo Irish Bank would lend to wealthy individuals to further their equity participation. In many cases, Anglo took personal guarantees as security. The article in the Times notes that Anglo Irish Bank has large exposures to entrepreneurs such as O’Callaghan.The bank’s security was limited and largely to his shares in EMPG.
Early and personal life.
Barry O'Callaghan was born in Mitchelstown, County Cork, Ireland and educated at Clongowes, a Jesuit-run secondary boarding school. He was captain of the school's senior cup rugby team and later, he played rugby for Trinity College Dublin where he studied law in the late 1980s. O'Callaghan met his wife, Geraldine McGeough at Trinity College. They have three daughters.
According to a quote in the "Irish Independent" O'Callaghan once described himself as
Career in finance.
After graduating in Law, O'Callaghan went into investment banking, starting at Morgan Stanley working in the London and Hong Kong offices. This was followed by a stint at Salomon Brothers in New York, now a part of Citigroup.
In his last investment banking job, prior to moving to the education sector, he worked for CS First Boston, the investment banking arm of Credit Suisse. In this job he met Pat McDonagh, a serial entrepreneur, who founded CBT, now known as SkillSoft, Riverdeep, and Thirdforce, where Pat McDonagh is the current chairman. Pat McDonagh hired O'Callaghan as the CEO of Riverdeep in 1999, ahead of its Initial Public Offering. At the time O'Callaghan was 31 years old.
Career in educational publishing.
CEO of Riverdeep.
As CEO of Riverdeep, O'Callaghan prepared the company to raise money from the stock market. When he joined the company it had 20 employees and no revenues, according to an article by The Times. In March 2000 Riverdeep raised $150m on the Irish Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. At the time the company had $8 million in sales and was losing money. Riverdeep's stock price declined in the aftermath of the TMT stock market bubble. O'Callaghan took the company private in 2002. Following a re-financing of the capital structure in 2006, he became the majority shareholder with a 65% stake with an estimated value of $244m for his stake. This valuation is not adjusted for any debts relating to the stake.
Chairman of HM Riverdeep.
In late 2006, Riverdeep announced that it was in discussions with the owner of Houghton Mifflin to merge with the company. The CEO of Houghton Mifflin, Tony Lucki, was a non-executive director of Riverdeep.
The transaction was completed in December 2006, with Tony Lucki remaining CEO and O'Callaghan assuming the role of chairman. The new company was named Houghton Mifflin Riverdeep. The old Riverdeep became a division of the new company called Houghton Mifflin Learning Technology. At the time the equity of the combined company was valued at $2 billion, with O'Callaghan and other management owning just over 50% of the company. Again, this equity valuation did not reflect any debts related to the stake.
Some commentators raised concerns about the valuation including Luke Johnson who was the chairman of Channel 4 and Signature restaurants at the time. For example, in an article in the Daily Telegraph he wrote:
O'Callaghan did not agree with criticism of the transaction stating that:
Chairman and CEO of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
In July 2007, Houghton Mifflin Riverdeep agreed to acquire Florida based Harcourt from Reed Elsevier. The merged company was renamed Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and was owned by a Cayman Island holding company called Education Media and Publishing Group. Tony Lucki remained CEO with O'Callaghan as chairman. EMPG has to raise additional equity to fund the purchase with the equity value of company estimated to be $2.6bn after the transaction. O'Callaghan's stake was 38% following the transaction, implying a value of circa $1bn, though again this does not reflect any related debt. O'Callaghan is known to have borrowed considerable sums from his personal bankers to cover his equity stake.
In March 2008, the Irish Independent newspaper listed O'Callaghan as the 32nd richest person in Ireland, with €360m of wealth in the annual "Richest 100" list. The difference between the €360m net worth and $1bn value of his stake in EMPG is driven by debt and currency. Based on a US dollar/Euro exchange rate of 1.58 at the end of March 2008, indicates a dollar net value of $575m for O'Callaghan at the time. With an equity value of $1 billion for his stake in EMPG, this implies that he had circa $400m of personal debt and liabilities at the time.
The Sunday Times rich list for Ireland, published in April 2009 reported similar figures for O'Callaghan to the Irish Independent's 2008 survey, estimating a €348m value for his investment in EMPG. His other investments were estimated to be worth £8m.
In April 2009 on the retirement of Tony Lucki, O'Callaghan became chairman and CEO of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
Chairman of EMPG.
In August 2009, the "Irish Independent" reported that EMPG was in negotiations with its lenders to restructure the company. As a result of the transaction $1 bn of debt would convert into a 45% stake in EMPG with an implied equity value of $2.66 bn for both the old equity and the new shares combined. As a result of the dilution O'Callaghan's stake was diluted to 20.8% with an estimated value of $555 million, not accounting for related debts.
On 13 January 2010, EMPG announced that it was in advanced negotiations with its lenders about a comprehensive restructuring, that could see a 70% reduction in its debt levels. Interviewed on Irish State broadcaster RTE, O'Callaghan confirmed that he and Irish investors faced huge losses. He stated that "no-one has lost more than me".
In an interview with the "Irish Times" published on 15 January 2010, O'Callaghan blamed the troubles at EMPG on the global economic crisis that led to massive deficits at US states who chose to protect jobs rather than education materials. Revenues for 2009 were 25% below budget with the company's earnings collapsing to $500 m, less than half budget. Discussing the financial structure of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, O'Callaghan admitted that "the sums didn't work out". Looking back at his deal making that created EMPG, O'Callaghan said, he didn't regret forming Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, but that,
According to the Irish Independent, O'Callaghan and other shareholders are likely to see their investment in EMPG wiped out. The decline in value of O'Callaghan's EMPG stake to a near zero value does not take into account any related debt. The Irish Independent article notes that he is a large personal customer of Anglo Irish Bank. O'Callaghan admits to having multimillion loans from Anglo Irish Bank and other international banks. Refusing to confirm the level of his indebtedness, O'Callaghan claimed to still be solvent and stated that he expects to honour all his obligations.
In addition to facing personal losses, numerous Irish-based investors have been affected. Clients of Davy Stockbrokers had invested $475 m in EMPG according to the "Irish Times". Within this group are included the former Chairman of Anglo Irish Bank, Sean FitzPatrick, the head of Claret Capital Domhnall Slattery and Senator Feargal Quinn.
The "Irish Independent" article states that O'Callaghan may be forced to resign once the restructuring package is agreed. This is in contrast with his interview with the "Financial Times" where he insists that he will continue to run the business.
Though O'Callaghan and EMPG investors are expected to receive nothing for their equity stake, O'Callaghan admitted to the "Irish Times" that he hoped to gain in the future from a share option scheme at Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
On 22 February 2010, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced that EMPG and HMH had reached an agreement to restructure the finances of the company. According to the Irish Times the investments by the current equity holders of EMPG, including the EMPG and HMH CEO, Barry O'Callaghan, will see their investment of over $3.5 billion written down to zero. The "Financial Times" reported no management changes are expects as part of the deal with both the CEO, Barry O'Callaghan and the CFO, Michael Muldowney expected to remain in their roles. A new nine-member board is to be created with the CEO the only executive representative, one independent, two representative of Paulson & Co., and one director from each of Apollo Management, BlackRock, Guggenheim Partners, Fidelity Investments, and Avenue Capital.
On 10 March 2010, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced that it had completed its re-capitalization. In addition to a new investment of $650 million of equity, the debt levels of the company were reduced by approximately 60% and the annual interest payments by over 75%. According the Irish State Broadcaster RTÉ, the old equity investors based in Ireland have lost all their investment. The Irish Independent reported that the old shareholders were denied a shareholders' meeting to vote on or discuss the restructuring. The former shareholders have been left with warrants over 5% of the company, in the case its value recovers to previous levels.
Other interests.
In addition to his positions at Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and EMPG, O'Callaghan has other investments, in particular in his native Cork with a stake in the Cliff House hotel, a 39 bedroom luxury hotel, in Ardmore, Co. Waterford, an investment in Cliff Town House a hotel/restaurant in St. Stephens Green in Dublin.
On 15 January 2010, the Irish Independent reported that Valshan, the company that operates the Cliff House Hotel owed O'Callaghan €3.5m at the end of 2008, based on information reported to the Irish tax authorities. The report showed a drop in accumulated profits in 2008, which may indicate that Valshan lost money in 2008. The hotel is estimated to have cost €20m of investment. O'Callaghan is the sole shareholder in Valshan, whose registered office is at EMPG's office in Dublin.
Political links.
In September 2008, Enterprise Ireland, a government agency agreed to pay a €30m subsidy to Houghton Mifflin Harcourt to guarantee that its research and development centre, the old Riverdeep unit, would not just remain in Ireland but increase the size of its workforce. Fianna Fáil's TD, Mary Coughlan, Tanaiste and Minister for Enterprise, praised the deal. At the time, Enterprise Ireland has a €650,000 investment limit to the amount it was allowed to devote to any project but this limit was ignored.
In late 2009, O'Callaghan was among a number of Irish business leaders invited by Irish Prime Minister, Brian Cowen to the government guest house, Farmleigh, to discuss ways to address the Irish Financial Crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="9634743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634743" title="Realicó">
Realicó

Realicó is a city in La Pampa Province, Argentina. It was founded the second of March in 1907 by Tomás Leopoldo Mullally. The small farming town has a population of about 9,000. There is one stoplight, and it is always blinking. A major employer of the town is the Cargill flour mill, although recently the mill's importance has waned, supporting fewer workers as the economy has become more services-oriented. There are three high schools, including a technical school (EPET), a business school, and a private, Catholic school (IPSF). There are also private English schools, including EIR and CELI. Teenagers from neighboring towns flock to Realicó every Saturday night to go to Ladrillo Disco, a popular nightclub.
See also.
City Website (Spanish)
El Ladrillo Disco (Spanish)

</doc>
<doc id="9634763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634763" title="KIPO">
KIPO

KIPO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9634765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634765" title="Eva Harris">
Eva Harris

Eva Harris (born c. 1965) is a professor in the School of Public Health at the University of California, Berkeley, and the founder and president of the Sustainable Sciences Institute. She focuses her research efforts on combating diseases that primarily afflict people in developing nations.
Education.
Harris received a BA in biochemical sciences from Harvard University in 1987 and a PhD in molecular and cell biology from the University of California, Berkeley in 1993.
Career.
After a post-doctoral fellowship and Assistant Adjunct Professorship at the University of California, San Francisco, Harris joined the faculty at UC Berkeley. There, she developed a multidisciplinary approach for studying the virology, pathogenesis, and epidemiology of dengue fever, the most prevalent mosquito-borne viral disease in humans. Harris' lab studies the mechanism of dengue virus infection of human dendritic cells. The lab is also developing a mouse model to study viral tropism and the immune response to dengue virus infection, to generate a better model of the disease. Harris' fieldwork focuses on molecular and epidemiological field studies of dengue in endemic Latin American countries, particularly in Nicaragua. Ongoing fieldwork projects include clinical and biological studies of severe dengue, a pediatric cohort study of dengue transmission in Managua, and a project on evidence-based, community-derived interventions for prevention of dengue via control of its mosquito vector. Harris is currently initiating studies of dengue pathogenesis in humans, focusing on functional characterization of antibodies and B cell memory response, host gene expression profiling, and viral factors such as quasispecies. Harris is also collaborating with investigators at the UC Berkeley College of Engineering to develop the ImmunoSensor: a novel, rapid, low-cost diagnostic device for point-of-care diagnosis of dengue and other infectious diseases. She served as co-director of the "International Training and Research in Emerging Infectious Diseases" program at the Fogarty International Center from 1997 to 2003.
She has published over 65 peer-reviewed articles.
Dengue virus research.
In 2010, Harris entered into a research agreement with NanoViricides, Inc. (NNVC). Under this agreement, Harris and coworkers will evaluate the effectiveness of NanoViricides' drug candidates against various dengue viruses. Cell culture models, as well as in vivo animal studies will be employed for testing the drug candidates. The company believes that a viricidal nanoparticle under development can be expected to lead to a broad-spectrum, anti-dengue antiviral treatment, capable of attacking all four dengue virus serotypes and their variant strains. Currently, there are no approved vaccines for the prevention of dengue, nor are there drugs for treatment of dengue virus infection. The worldwide market size for an effective anti-dengue treatment may be as large as that for Hepatitis C virus treatment, or in the billions of dollars, based on current population exposure data.
Her group has developed an animal model for dengue virus infection and disease that effectively emulates the pathology seen in humans. In particular, the critical problem of the dengue virus infection, called "antibody-dependent enhancement" (ADE), is reproduced in this animal model. When a person who was previously infected with one serotype of dengue virus is later infected by a different serotype, the antibodies produced by the immune system can lead to increased severity of the second dengue infection, instead of controlling it. ADE, as a result, can lead to severe dengue disease or dengue hemorrhagic fever (DHF).
Using computer modeling, the company noted that it had developed a library of small chemical ligands that bind to dengue virus envelope proteins. Using these ligands, a number of candidate viricidal nanoparticles that are capable of attacking the dengue virus have been developed. The company believes that these viricidal drug candidates mimic the natural, common attachment function by which the four different dengue virus serotypes bind to the body's host cells.
Humanitarian work.
While volunteering overseas, Harris noted the lack of resources available to her local peers. Knowing that the technologies and resources needed existed in the developed world, but were unavailable where they were most needed, inspired her to introduce molecular diagnostic techniques and scientific literacy in resource-poor settings. In 1997, Harris received a MacArthur Fellowship for her pioneering work over the previous ten years developing programs, and for working to build scientific capacity in developing countries to address public health and infectious disease issues. To continue and expand this work, Harris founded the Sustainable Sciences Institute in 1998, a San Francisco-based international nonprofit organization that works to improve public health in developing countries, by building local capacity for scientific research on infectious diseases. The Sustainable Sciences Institute partners with researchers in developing countries, offering assistance and mentoring to help them excel in their fields of research.
Harris is also a current board member of Hesperian Health Guides, a non-profit health publisher known for its flagship publication, "Where There Is No Doctor".

</doc>
<doc id="9634785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634785" title="Arutani language">
Arutani language

Arutani ("Orotani, Urutani," also known as "Awake, Auake, Auaqué, Aoaqui, Oewaku," ethnonym "Uruak") is a nearly extinct language spoken by only 17 individuals in Roraima, Brazil and two others in the Karum River area of Bolivar State, Venezuela. It is one of the most poorly attested extant languages in South America, and may be a language isolate. There is, however, no linguistic data on the language. Ethnic Arutani also speak Ninam.

</doc>
<doc id="9634823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634823" title="Bryan High School (Bryan, Ohio)">
Bryan High School (Bryan, Ohio)

Bryan High School is a public high school in Bryan, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Bryan City Schools district. Their nickname is the Golden Bears. They are members of the Northwest Ohio Athletic League and are the largest school (Sole Division II-III in football) participating in the league. Enrollment is approximately 800 students in grades 9-12.
Athletics.
NWOAL championships (1926-).
"Note: shared league titles are denoted with an asterisk (*)"

</doc>
<doc id="9634852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634852" title="1987 World Rally Championship season">
1987 World Rally Championship season

The 1987 World Rally Championship season was the 15th season of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) World Rally Championship (WRC). The season consisted of 13 rallies in the same venues of the previous season. The only alteration to the schedule was the move of the Olympus Rally from December to June on the calendar.
1987 marked the beginning of a new era for the WRC, as it was the first season driven without the powerful and popular Group B rally cars, seeing the Group A cars come to the forefront of the world stage and the institution of championships not only for manufacturers and drivers, but also drivers of production and two-wheel drive cars. Group A would remain at the forefront of the championship for ten years, where a new specification, World Rally Car were made standard in 1997. The FIA also changed the basic scoring rules for manufacturers although they retained the policy of having two rallies not count toward manufacturers totals. New Zealand and the Ivory Coast were selected in 1987 to count solely for drivers' titles.
Martini Lancia proved most successful in adjusting to the new lower-powered cars, adopting the Lancia Delta HF 4WD, driven by Finn Juha Kankkunen and Markku Alén as well as Italian Miki Biasion. Between the three, Lancia would gather nine rally wins over the thirteen race season, dominating the manufacturers' race for the championship. Meanwhile, the three drivers split success between them, placing closely in the top three places for the drivers' title by the end of the season.
Audi Sport retained both Hannu Mikkola and Walter Röhrl, although they could not duplicate the success of their Group B seasons, both placing well down in the drivers' title competition. Audi however did gain some points from others team running the Quattro. Clarion Team Europe with driver Per Eklund contributed 26 points to the work's effort while Mig Linz's entry, Georg Fischer added another eight, bolstering Audi's bid for second overall.
The Philips Renault Elf team struggled through the season with the Group A Renault 11 Turbo. French drivers Jean Ragnotti and Francois Chatriot were unable to gain much success, with the highlight of their season coming at Portugal with Ragnotti's second-place finish.
Volkswagen Motorsport followed their success of the previous season with Swede Kenneth Eriksson, the 1986 winner of the championship for drivers of Group A cars. Eriksson was able to place fourth overall on the season—beaten only by Lancia drivers—but Volkswagen, lacking a major second driver, was surpassed by not only Lancia, but Audi and Renault as well in the manufacturer standings.
Ford Motor Company made its return to serious competition by enlisting drivers Ari Vatanen and Stig Blomqvist, but struggled early on with the Sierra XR 4x4. The car was dropped, its replacement on the works team coming in the end of the season in the form of the redesigned Sierra RS Cosworth, which met with much greater success, challenging the dominant Lancias in the final three events of the season.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9634881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634881" title="Sapé language">
Sapé language

Sapé Kaliana is a nearly extinct language spoken along the Paragua and Karuna rivers. In 2008 a few elderly speakers were found. Sape is one of the most poorly attested extant languages in South America, and may be a language isolate. There is, however, no linguistic data on the language.

</doc>
<doc id="9634893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634893" title="Benny Ricardo">
Benny Ricardo

Benito Concepcion "Benny" Ricardo (born January 4, 1954 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former American football placekicker in the NFL (1976-1984) for the Buffalo Bills, Detroit Lions, New Orleans Saints, Minnesota Vikings, and the San Diego Chargers. He played college football at San Diego State University.
Ricardo is a sometimes-actor who also has appeared in the motion pictures North Dallas Forty and Wildcats.
Benny Ricardo is now a stand-up comedian and the only bilingual announcer to have announced network events as both the lead announcer and color commentator in both Spanish and English. Ricardo has announced every major sporting event in the world while working for networks like ESPN, Fox Sports, CBS Sports, Westwood One, Integrated Media, Fightnow TV, Televisa, NBC, MultiVision Media, Top Rank, CSI Sports, Primetime, M1-Global, Affliction, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9634902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634902" title="St. Paul University Manila">
St. Paul University Manila

St. Paul University Manila (also known as SPUM) is a private, previously a women's college and recently turned co-ed beginning school year 2005-2006 in Manila, Philippines. The college was established in 1912 by the Sisters of St. Paul of Chartres (SPC), a Congregation founded in Chartres, France in 1698.
1904 – On October 29, 1904, seven Sisters of the Congregation of the Sisters of St. Paul of Chartres, France established its first foundation in the Philippines in Dumaguete, Negros Oriental, Philippines. The Sisters, coming from their mission in Vietnam, responded to the invitation of the Most Reverend Frederick Rooker of the Diocese of Iloilo, to which Dumaguete then belonged. The seven Sisters were Mother Marthe de St. Paul, Superior, Sr. Marie Louise du Sacre Coeur, Sr. Ange Marie, Sr. Anne de la Croix, Sr. Charles de Genes, Sr. Catherine, and Sr. Josephine. St. Paul’s College, Dumaguete was founded as St. Paul Academy, becoming the first St. Paul’s College in the Philippines.
St. Paul Academy which was located near the Cathedral, accepted boys and girls and prepared them for their First Holy Communion. The Sisters were installed in the old Convent of the Augustinian Recollects that Bishop Rooker had offered. The Parish Priest transferred his residence somewhere else.
January 9, 1905, the new school opened with 30 girls (15 of whom were aged 15 to 20), four of them were boarders, and six boys. Children, women, and young men came to the school for religious instruction. Besides the regular academic courses, there were supplementary classes in music, drawing, painting, French, sewing, and embroidery. The medium of instruction was English. However, since the Americans had been in the Philippines only for five years, very few pupils were acquainted with the language. Hence, the Sisters were obliged to learn Visayan and Spanish to be able to communicate with their charges.

</doc>
<doc id="9634922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634922" title="Edgerton High School (Ohio)">
Edgerton High School (Ohio)

Edgerton High School is a public high school in Edgerton, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Edgerton Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Bulldogs. They are a member of the Green Meadows Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9634923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634923" title="Sir John Knatchbull, 2nd Baronet">
Sir John Knatchbull, 2nd Baronet

Sir John Knatchbull, 2nd Baronet (c. 1636 – 15 December 1696) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1690.
Background.
Knatchbull was the eldest son of Sir Norton Knatchbull, 1st Baronet and his first wife Dorothy Westrow, daughter of Thomas Westrow. Knatchbull was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge and matriculated in 1652. He was then called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1655.
Career.
In April 1660, Knatchbull was elected Member of Parliament for New Romney together with his father until the following year. In 1685 he succeeded his father as baronet and was elected MP for Kent. He was re-elected MP for Kent in 1689 and 1690. In 1690, he was appointed Commissioner to the Lord Privy Seal, an office he held for the next two years.
Knatchbull died aged sixty and was buried in Mersham Hatch in Kent.
Family.
Knatchbull married Jane Monins, daughter of Sir Edward Monins, 2nd Baronet on 17 January 1659, His sons having all predeceased him, he was succeeded in the baronetcy by his younger brother Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="9634924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634924" title="Canon EF 200mm lens">
Canon EF 200mm lens

The EF 200mm USM lens is an L-series prime telephoto lens made by Canon Inc. for the EOS line of cameras. Four 200mm primes were made: 1.8, two 2.8, and the most recent 2.0.
The 200 mm 1.8 USM lens, introduced in November 1988, is the fastest 200mm ever produced. It is a large off-white lens with rear drop-in filter tray. Production was discontinued in 2004. Its total production run was 8,000 with serial numbers from 11,000 to 17,999 inclusive. It featured an unusual "focus by wire" system where the focus ring drove the motor when focusing in manual mode. This functionality was shared with only one other lens, the 1200 mm 5.6 USM lens from Canon.
The 200 mm 2.0, introduced in April 2008, comes as a successor for the above discontinued 200 mm 1.8. It is a large off-white lens with a rear drop-in filter tray and Image Stabilization.
The 200 mm 2.8 lens is an inexpensive long prime. The first model, introduced in December 1991, had a built-in hood. It was discontinued in March 1996. It was superseded by the 'mark II', which is similar to first model but with standard bayonet hood, and is still in production. These lenses are Canon's second least expensive L-series lens behind the Canon EF 70-200mm lens 4.0 zoom L-series lens. It exceeds the Canon EF 70-200mm lens 2.8 I in optical quality by a slight margin, but has since been overtaken by the Canon EF 70-200mm lens 2.8 II. In comparison, it is significantly cheaper, lighter, and less conspicuous, but at the expense of the ability to zoom. There is no Image stabilizer. It sports a ring USM allowing full-time manual focusing. The minimum focus distance is 1.5 meters. It is Canon's longest L-Series lens that is painted black.
All the aforementioned lenses are compatible with the Canon Extender EF teleconverters.
Crop factor.
When used with a Canon APS-C (1.6x crop) DSLR camera or APS-H (1.3x crop), the field of view of this lens is similar to a 320mm or 260mm on full frame camera.
External links.
Canon Camera Museum:

</doc>
<doc id="9634928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634928" title="Chris Curran (actor)">
Chris Curran (actor)

Chris Curran (died 19 August 1996) was an Irish actor, singer and musician.
Born in Cork, Curran was four when he made his stage debut at the Cork Opera House in Frank Benson's touring production of Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream". He went on to study acting under Father Seamus O'Flynn at the Cork Shakespearean Company, otherwise known as "The Loft". He continued to perform at the Cork Opera House while studying engineering at University College Cork. In 1953, Curran joined the Radio Éireann Players, a repertory company which performed in the station's weekly drama productions. A year later, and at short notice, he took the lead role in a broadcast of Henrik Ibsen's "Peer Gynt" which was produced by Tyrone Guthrie in his first collaboration with Ireland's national radio station.
For the next four decades, Curran enjoyed a varied career as a stage and screen actor, television narrator and pantomime performer. In the early 1960s, he provided voice-overs for all the characters in RTÉ Television's puppet series for children, "Murphy agus a Cháirde" ("Murphy and his friends"). His last television appearances came in 1995 and 1996 when he portrayed Father Jim Johnson in two episodes of Channel 4's sitcom "Father Ted": "Competition Time" and "Cigarettes and Alcohol and Rollerblading".
Chris Curran was married to Josephine Scanlon, a Limerick-born soprano, with whom he had two daughters. He died in Leopardstown Park Hospital in Dublin and is buried at Shanganagh Cemetery in Shankill.

</doc>
<doc id="9634941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634941" title="Gene trapping">
Gene trapping

Gene trapping is a high-throughput approach that is used to introduce insertional mutations across the mammalian genome. It is performed with gene trap vectors whose principal element is a gene trapping cassette consisting of a promoterless reporter gene and/or selectable genetic marker flanked by an upstream 3’ splice site (splice acceptor; SA) and a downstream transcriptional termination sequence (polyadenylation sequence; polyA). When inserted into an intron of an expressed gene, the gene trap cassette is transcribed from the endogenous promoter of that gene in the form of a fusion transcript in which the exon(s) upstream of the insertion site is spliced in frame to the reporter/selectable marker gene. Since transcription is terminated prematurely at the inserted polyadenylation site, the processed fusion transcript encodes a truncated and non-functional version of the cellular protein and the reporter/selectable marker. Thus, gene traps simultaneously inactivate and report the expression of the trapped gene at the insertion site, and provide a DNA tag (gene trap sequence tag, GTST) for the rapid identification of the disrupted gene.
An international public consortium International Gene Trap Consortium is centralizing the data and cell lines can be requested from them.

</doc>
<doc id="9634957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634957" title="Edon High School">
Edon High School


</doc>
<doc id="9634979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634979" title="Geology of Pennsylvania">
Geology of Pennsylvania

The Geology of Pennsylvania consists of six distinct physiographic provinces, three of which are subdivided into different sections. Each province has its own economic advantages and geologic hazards and plays an important role in shaping everyday life in the state. They are: (listed from the southeast corner to the northwest corner) the Atlantic Coastal Plain Province, the Piedmont Province, the New England Province, the Ridge and Valley Province, the Appalachian Plateau Province, and the Central Lowlands Province.
A majority of the rocks in Pennsylvania exposed at the surface are sedimentary and were deposited during the Paleozoic Era. Almost all of the metamorphic and igneous rocks are confined to the southeast portion of the state. A total of four orogenies have affected the rocks of the Commonwealth including the Grenville orogeny, the Taconic orogeny, the Acadian orogeny, and the Appalachian orogeny. The Appalachian event has left the most evidence and has continued to shape the landscape of the state. The Pennsylvania terrain has also been affected by continental rifting during the Mesozoic era.
Pleistocene glaciers have also repeatedly visited the state over the last 100,000 years. These glaciers have left some evidence and carved out much of the landscape of the northern tier of the state.
A rock with high economic value from Pennsylvania is Anthracite coal. Before mining began, there was an estimated 22.8 billion tons of anthracite in Pennsylvania. In 2001, 12 billion tons still remained in the ground, most of which was not economically feasible to mine. American geologists recognized the importance of Pennsylvania's coal region and named the Upper Carboniferous Period the Pennsylvanian Period because of the abundance of coal in the state. Despite this, Celestine was proposed as the state mineral in 2002. The proposal however, was not approved by the state legislature.
Pennsylvania is also home to the famous Drake Oil Well in Titusville which help gave rise to the modern oil industry and two brand name motor oils, Quaker State (now owned by Royal Dutch Shell) and Pennzoil. Pennsylvania also has reserves of natural gas from both deeply buried source rocks and coal-bed areas.
Atlantic Coastal Plain.
One of the smallest provinces in the state is confined to Philadelphia, Delaware, and Bucks counties along the Delaware River. Local relief is less than and much of the bedrock is buried under recent alluvial deposits. On the geologic map, "Trenton Gravel" is used to describe most of these sediments. However, much of the alluvial sediments that exist here are sand, silt, and clays. The traditional boundary of the coastal plain is the fall line. The coastal plain in Pennsylvania was once home to thousands of acres of fresh water tidal marsh. This was important in the early development of Philadelphia and Chester. Many of the small tributaries to the Delaware have cut small but impressive gorges into the bedrock, including the Ridley Creek, the Chester Creek, and the Wissahickon Creek. Flash floods are becoming a local problem in the province.
Piedmont.
The Piedmont in Pennsylvania is divided into three distinct sections: the Piedmont Uplands, the Piedmont Lowlands, and the Gettysburg-Newark Lowlands. Much of the Piedmont is becoming urbanized and developed. Some of the best farmland in the state is in this region, specifically Lancaster and Chester counties.
Piedmont Uplands.
This section is characterized by the metamorphic rocks that provide much of the bedrock for this area. The oldest exposed rocks in Pennsylvania are found here and consist of the Baltimore Gneiss. These rocks have a complex history and a vast array of different minerals. They are similar in many respects to their cousins in northern and central Maryland, immediately to the south. Much of the rock was altered during the formation of Rodinia during the Grenville orogeny. These rocks eventually provided the platform for the deposition of sediment that would become the Wissahickon Formation during a rifting of Rodinia. Sea floor spreading continued until a passive margin developed along the new Iapetus Ocean and a beach strandline developed. These sediments eventually became the Chickies Formation.
Siliclasitc and carbonate deposition continued through the Cambrian and into the Ordovician period. During the Taconic orogeny, more igneous intrusions and metamorphism occurred as the ancestral Taconic Mountains were pushed up. The sediments that were deposited in a sea between an island-arc and the Iapetus eventually were squeezed and deformed along a subduction zone. The sediments deposited in that sea are now located in the Great Valley section. (See below) The sediments placed from the rifting of Rodinia became the roots of the ancestral Taconics and went through their first wave of metamorphism during the Taconic orogeny. Additional waves of metamorphism continued up until the Alleghanian orogeny.
Piedmont Lowlands.
The lowlands are underlain primarily by more easily eroded rocks such as limestone, dolostone, and phyllite. These rocks are relatively younger in age than the surrounding uplands and are likely the result of a quiet stretch of shallow sea deposition. Some of the rocks deposited during this time are also found in the Great Valley section but have been separated by the Gettysburg-Newark Lowland section. Relief is low and generally never rises above . Karst terrain is problematic in this section.
Gettysburg-Newark Lowlands.
This section is a bit misleading since there are hills as high as in this section. It is separated from the rest of the Piedmont sections due to the distinctive rock types found here. Also called the Triassic Basin, most of the bedrock are red sandstone, siltstone, and shale. A few formations are brown and black. The sediment accumulated during the rifting of Pangea in the Triassic age. Also, a basaltic igneous rock called diabase formed dykes and sills later in the Jurassic as the Atlantic Ocean began to form. Much of the rocks from this area have been eroded away, but the more erosion resistant diabase has left hills and small elevated regions throughout the section. The erosion patterns of these rocks played a pivotal role in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Buckingham Valley.
A small slice of Paleozoic rocks, mostly carbonates, exists in Buckingham Township. These rock lie north of the Furlong fault which is an offshoot of the larger Chalfont fault. Buckingham Mountain rises south of the valley and comprises quartzite. The other ridge is less prominent and is underlain by the conglomerates of the Stockton Formation. Karst is a localized problem in this area.
New England.
A small and fragmented province in northeastern Pennsylvania called the Reading Prong is akin to the crystalline bedrock found in much of New England. This is the southern end of the Hudson Highlands of New York and New Jersey (known as the Ramapo Mountains in New Jersey) and the Taconic Mountains of New York. The granitic rocks and quartzite of this area are highly metamorphosed and are Pre-Cambrian to Cambrian in age. Hills and ridges are locally steep and rounded at the top and form the hills around Reading, and to the south of the Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton metropolitan area. (See also South Mountain)
Ridge and Valley.
A region in Pennsylvania made famous by NASA's LANDSAT images. This province is the second largest in the state and is home to the famous anthracite fields. The rocks here are severely folded and contain numerous anticlines and synclines that plunge and fold back over each other. There are numerous thrust faults that help create a chaotic mess. Most of the deformation is result of continent to continent collision during the Alleghenian orogeny. There are seven distinct regions of the province and they are listed below. Much of the drainage patterns in the province is trellis.
South Mountain.
South Mountain is the northern tip of the Blue Ridge Mountains. This region is characterized by broad flat ridges with deep narrow valleys. The rocks here are highly metamorphosed igneous and sedimentary rocks with some occasional dolomite. These rocks are Pre-Cambrian in age.
Great Valley.
The Great Appalachian Valley is a long broad valley that extends from Canada to Alabama. In Pennsylvania, the valley is known by three names: (listed from north to south)
the Lehigh Valley, the Lebanon Valley, and the Cumberland Valley. Rocks that characterize this region include: limestone, dolostone, slate, shale, sandstone, siltstone, and some scattered basalt. Almost all of the rocks in the Great Valley in Pennsylvania are Ordovician in age and were deposited during a quiet period before the Taconic orogeny. The limestones and dolostones of this area are extensively quarried in Pennsylvania. These carbonate rocks are used for variety of purposes including, crushed stone, cement manufacturing, fertilizers, and coal-mine dust (reduces acid mine drainage) Karst features are problematic in the Great Valley.
Blue Mountain.
The Blue Mountain or Blue Ridge region, like the ridgelines to its north and west, is one of a series of near parallel ridges that run for tens of miles, and are equally likely to be called Ridge or Mountain. Hence Blue Mountain is not to be confused with the Blue Ridge Mountains but instead, represents the sharp escarpment, a step in elevation separating the Appalachian Mountains from the pastoral basin famous as the landscape associated with the Pennsylvania Dutch in southern Pennsylvania called the "Great Valley" (A 'Physiographic Province', as are these section titles). Many of Pennsylvania's water gaps cut through Blue Mountain including Delaware Water Gap, Lehigh Gap, Schuylkill Gap, and Susquehanna Gap. Also along the ridge, many "wind gaps" also exist. (see separate article) The rocks of the Blue Mountain section include mostly Silurian aged sandstone, conglomerate, siltstone, shale, and some limestone. Blue mountain is also known by the names Kittatinny Mountain (especially in New Jersey) and Hawk Mountain. One of the most prominent rock types of this section is the Shawangunk Formation which is named after the Shawangunk Ridge of New York.
The sediments that comprise Blue Mountain were deposited as a result of the highlands that formed after the Taconic orogeny. The first wave of sediments were coarse, gray, and poorly sorted. (The Shawngunk Formation) This combination of depositional features means that the source area was relatively close and deposited in a moist climate. These sediments grade into finer reddish sands and silts, (Bloomsburg Formation) as the source area became more distant and/or less productive. The climate during this time was drier.
Anthracite Upland.
Arguably the most complex and most studied section in the state and Pennsylvania's part of the Ridge and Valley province, this area is home to one of Pennsylvania's most profitable coal fields ever, containing high-grade Anthracite coal. The sediments deposited during the Mississippian Period came from highlands located to the southeast. Waves of mountain-building occasionally brought coarser-grained sediments onto the plain. As the mountains eroded, the sediments became more fine-grained. As the highlands became more distant (or more eroded) the sands would grade into silt or clay.
Since the North American Plate was near the equator, a tropical climate existed and allowed dense forests to flourish. Beginning in the Late Mississippian, forests of Lycopodiophyta, Arthrophyta, Pteridophyta, and Pteridospermatophyta began to grow in these plains. As the conditions became more favorable for the dense forests to survive for hundred of thousands of years, much of the dead plant material became preserved in oxygen-depleted environments. The accumulation of this material became preserved in the vast coal deposits. The rise and fall of the mountains, along with changes in sea level, occurred numerous times (often in conjunction). These cyclical stratagraphic events sequences are preserved in the rock record and are often called cyclothems. By the Late Permian, much of the continental plate collision had subsided; the mountain building however, still continued. All of the sediments deposited during the previous 30 million years became folded and faulted as the supercontinent Pangea was finally formed.
It would take 150 million years for the mountains of this area to achieve the shapes seen today. These mountains are steep-sided and valleys are canoe-shaped, largely due to the area's complex folded structure. Most of the coal being mined from this section is from the Pennsylvanian-aged formations. Along with the Mazon Creek fossil field in Illinois, a tremendous amount of plant fossils has been studied from this area. Landslides and acid mine drainage are two principal hazards of the area. In the past, underground mine fires have also been a threat. The Centralia Mine Fire is located within this section of the Ridge and Valley province.
Anthracite Valley.
Detached from the rest of Pennsylvania's anthracite fields, this canoe-shaped valley is also known as the Wyoming Valley and is home to the cities of Scranton and Wilkes-Barre. The whole structure of the section is a double plunging syncline with sharp mountain ridges on either side of the valley. The ridges meet just north of Carbondale. The North Branch of the Susquehanna River and the Lackawanna River flow through this valley. Large-scale coal mining and its accompanying industry and railroads have long been abandoned.
Unlike the southern and middle anthracite fields, the anthracite valley has been recently glaciated repeatedly. This action has left many talus slopes at the base of Moosic Mountains, and the soils often contain large boulders that make excavation difficult.
Susquehanna Lowland.
This region has also seen its landscape altered by glaciation and the fluvial processes of the Susquehanna River. Most of the ridges in this region are parallel to the streams that drain the area. The Susquehanna also cuts through many of the mountain ridges leading some to believe that the Susquehanna is an ancient river system that existed even before the recent continental glaciation. (Some speculate as far back as the Jurassic Period) None of the mountains in this section rise above and the river valley is as low as .
Appalachian Mountain.
Standard long, narrow, and steep-sided ridges with narrow valleys define the state in LANDSAT photos. Many of the valleys have karst features due to carbonate rocks that reside in them. Road-building generally follows the valleys and rarely cuts across the ridges. The Pennsylvania Turnpike used tunnels cut through the ridges rather than scaling the mountain tops. Mount Nittany, Tuscarora Mountain, Jacks Mountain, Wills Mountain and Sideling Hill are five prominent mountains in this section.
The section contains Cambrian- through Pennsylvanian-aged sediments all deposited into the Appalachian Basin. During the Appalachian orogany, these sediments became folded, faulted, and moved around. Only during the past few million years has the landscape we see today taken shape. The relatively softer or easily weathered rocks became valleys while the harder and erosion-resistant rocks became the mountain ridges. The development of this landscape continues to this day. Uplift of the province has caused rivers to cut water gaps to cut through the mountain ranges, and has continuously presented new softer rocks in the valleys to be eroded away.
Appalachian Plateau.
This is by far the largest province in the state, and most of the rocks in this region are not folded and faulted and sit relatively flat. However, parts of the Appalachian Plateau appear to be mountainous due to erosion caused by streams and glaciers. In western Pennsylvania, large bituminous coal fields exist in rocks with a similar age as the rocks in the anthracite region. Many of the folds in the province are high amplitude and stretch for miles. In glaciated sections, steep canyons developed and much of the terrain have many glacial features. The drainage pattern in this area is dendritic.
Glaciated Pocono Plateau.
The Pocono Mountain section of Pennsylvania is the same (geologically speaking) as the Catskill Mountains of New York. The red-green-gray sedimentary rocks of the Catskill Formation are the predominant bedrock type in the Poconos. The elevation of the plateau is between and with only a few steep hills such as Camelback Mountain (Big Pocono). Much of the rock sits in gently dipping horizontal beds, unlike the neighboring Appalachian Mountain section.
Glaciated Low Plateau.
Considered a part of the Pocono Plateau, this area lies to the north of the Poconos and contains many of the same types of rock. The local relief is less than that of the Pocono region and bounded to the southeast by the Delaware River. The Big Bushkill Creek cuts a gorge through this section and has many waterfalls, especially around the area of Resica Falls Scout Reservation. Dingmans Falls and Bushkill Falls
are waterfalls within the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, also a part of the Endless Mountains region of Pennsylvania.
Glaciated High Plateau.
Also an extension of the Catskill Mountains of New York, this section generally has higher elevations than the low plateau section as well as deeper valleys. Younger strata also outcrops in this area with a few minor coal beds. The uplands are rounded or flat along mostly broad hills. An excellent example of the escarpment that divides this section are Ricketts and Ganoga Glen located within Ricketts Glen State Park.
Deep Valleys.
This section is home to the Grand Canyon of Pennsylvania and some of the most remote areas of the state. As the name implies, the streams of this area have cut deep valleys with steep sided-slopes on the surrounding ridges. Some of the gorges are at least deep. Much of the area was forested at the end of the 19th century, and much of the area is owned by the Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry.
Allegheny Front.
The Allegheny Front section includes the abrupt escarpment that divides the Ridge and Valley Province from the Allegheny Plateau. The region is a large broad ridge with a steep ascent from east to west and rolling hills away from the ridge. The Allegheny Front reaches its highest elevation in Pennsylvania at Blue Knob, , an unusual bulge along this symmetrical ridgeline. Streams that cut into the ridge are often shallow and steep.
Allegheny Mountain.
This section includes Pennsylvania's highest point, Mount Davis, which stands at above sea level. Many of the mountains are long and broad with relatively shallow and broad valleys. Unlike the Appalachian Mountain section, the streams of this area have not cut deep and well defined valleys into the earth. Much of the drainage pattern is dendritic with a little trellis where erosion resistant rocks have created higher and more well defined ridges. Elevations increase to the south, and Mt. Davis resides only from the Maryland border. A few of the ridge tops contain some low-volatile bituminous coal fields including the Broad Top field. This region is also home to two national stories: the Quecreek Mine Rescue and the crash of United Airlines Flight 93.
Waynesburg Hills.
Located in the southwest corner of the state, the Waynesburg hills are another major coal producing area for the state. Much of the 64.4 billion tons of bituminous coal that is remaining in the state resides under these hills in near horizontal beds. The hills are narrow and steep sided with some deeper valleys.
Pittsburgh Low Plateau.
Another section that is a significant coal producer. It is similar to the Waynesburg hills section except for higher local relief and deeper valleys. Landslides and mine subsidence are common hazards.
High Plateau.
This section consists of high, broad, and flat uplands cut by sharp and shallow river valleys. Much of this area was not covered by the Late Wisconsinan glacier, but there is evidence of pre-Wisconsinan glaciers in the area. Along with the Endless Mountains, it is one of the most remote places in the eastern United States.
Northwestern Glaciated Plateau.
This section has been influenced by glaciers and many of the valleys cut into the bedrock trend northwestward- in the direction of the retreating glaciers. There are many signs of glaciers including kames, eskers, kettles, and moraines. This section is home to Pennsylvania's largest natural lake, Conneaut Lake as well as one of the longest eskers in the state, West Liberty Esker. Some of the drainage patterns have shifted and only a few of the streams flow into Lake Erie.
Central Lowlands.
Along with the Coastal Plain Province, the smallest province in the state, the central lowlands are a part of the Great Lakes area and exist along a glacial escapement adjacent to Lake Erie.
Geologic Features.
The following is a list of Pennsylvania geologic features noted for their beauty and/or uniqueness.
Rock Formations.
Pennsylvania has been updating its base geologic map last printed in 1980. New research has shifted the names of several formations and promoted or demoted many different sequences on the stratigraphic chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9634982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634982" title="Hunter Hunted (TV series)">
Hunter Hunted (TV series)

Hunter and Hunted is a documentary on the National Geographic Channel. It is a show similar to but focuses on animal attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="9634985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634985" title="Liril">
Liril

Liril is a popular soap brand sold, to a large degree, in India, and Asia, as well as a few places in Europe. The soap is currently manufactured by Hindustan Lever Limited in India. Liril launched a blue variant called Icy Cool Mint in 2002. It also tried launching an Orange variant, called Liril Orange Splash in India in 2004. Neither of these variants created much splash in the market. The company even changed agencies handling the brand, from Lowe to McCann Erickson before going back to Lowe.
Advertising and sales.
Liril has had a static market share for quite some time now. The majority of their sales happen during summer. Preity Zinta, among others, has advertised for this product. The original ads, featuring Karen Lunel, from 1975 and 1986 are now popular on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="9634993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634993" title="Montmélian">
Montmélian

Montmélian is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9634998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9634998" title="Screaming Blue Murder (Girlschool album)">
Screaming Blue Murder (Girlschool album)

Screaming Blue Murder is the third studio album by British heavy metal band, Girlschool. It was released on Bronze Records in 1982, and featured one line-up change in bassist Ghislaine 'Gil' Weston, formerly of The Killjoys, replacing the recently departed founding-member Enid Williams. Nigel Gray, who had previously worked with The Police, produced the album.
The original vinyl issue had the lyrics printed on the inner-sleeve, although in the UK initial copies were accidentally shipped with a plain, generic liner. Rock-magazine "Kerrang!" relayed, from Bronze Records, the advice to write to the label in order that they could post the missing lyric-bag by return.
The UK-release was somewhat delayed, and the band had already started their 20-date UK tour, which ran through May 1982.
Castle Music reissued what is considered the definitive edition of the CD the 14th of June 2004, adding eleven bonus tracks and extensive sleevenotes. The album had previously been issued on a 2-on-1 CD in the UK, coupled with "Play Dirty"; that release (LOMA CD4) featured no bonus material.

</doc>
<doc id="9635001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635001" title="Mirna">
Mirna

Mirna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9635004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635004" title="Orestes Caviglia">
Orestes Caviglia

Orestes Caviglia (; November 9, 1893 in Buenos Aires - April 1, 1971 in Tucumán) was an Argentine film actor and film director of the classic era of the Cinema of Argentina.
He appeared in films such as "La Cabalgata del circo" 1945 and "Albergue de mujeres" 1946.
Much of his work as a director was at the beginning of his career in the late 1930s and early 1940s. He directed "Al toque de clarín" in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="9635017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635017" title="National Board of Review Awards 1948">
National Board of Review Awards 1948

20th National Board of Review Awards<br>
December 21, 1948
The 20th National Board of Review Awards were announced on December 21, 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="9635025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635025" title="Coincya">
Coincya

"Coincya" is a genus of flowering plant that belongs to the family Brassicaceae. Three species of the plant are endemic to the British Isles., these being "Coincya wrightii" (Lundy Cabbage), "Coincya cheiranthus" (nokkasinapit) and "Coincya monensis", which has two subspecies, "C. monensis" subsp. "monensis" (Isle of Man cabbage) and "C. monensis" subsp. "recurvata" (Star mustard).
The star mustard, a plant introduced to eight U.S. states is the same species as the Isle of Man cabbage but a different subspecies. It may have been introduced to the U.S. as the Isle of Man cabbage and subsequently evolved through the founder effect and geographic isolation into a new subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="9635052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635052" title="Chris Rose (journalist)">
Chris Rose (journalist)

Chris Rose is a New York Times Best-Selling New Orleans, Louisiana, writer and journalist. For years best known for light-hearted writing in the Times-Picayune, he gained greater attention for his chronicles of the effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans since 2005. He left the paper in late 2009, and joined the New Orleans alternative weekly paper, Gambit Weekly, in mid February 2010. He moved to WVUE Fox News 8 a year later, where he delivered his pungent commentary on New Orleans life by video and column, up until his abrupt and arguably controversial termination in March 2013.
Rose graduated from the Georgetown Preparatory School in 1978 and received a journalism degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1982. After a stint as a staff writer at the Washington Post, he joined the Times-Picayune as a crime reporter in 1984. Over the years, he has covered national politics, economics, Southern regionalism, pop culture, and New Orleans nightlife, traditions, lifestyles and entertainment.
Post-Katrina, Rose gained notoriety and accolades as he chronicled the personal and public struggles of the disaster-stricken area. Rose's column regularly appears at his "New Orleans stories" Times-Picayune web site. He returned to the theme in various ways, as in satirizing the 2008-2009 e-mail controversies swelling around New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin and Councilwoman Stacy Head.
Rose is also the author of 1 Dead in Attic, which is a collection of stories recounting the first four harrowing months of life in New Orleans after Katrina. The book went on to become a New York Times Bestseller and garnered a number of accolades.
Awards and nominations.
Rose was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Distinguished Commentary in 2006 and won a Pulitzer for his contributions to the "Times-Picayune"'s Public Service Award. He was a finalist for the 2006 Michael Kelly Award.
Rose reigned as King of the Krewe du Vieux for the 2007 New Orleans Mardi Gras season.
Personal life.
Rose is divorced from Kelly Gluth Rose, a native New Orleanian. They have three children: Katherine, Jack and James. The family adopted a dog left homeless by Hurricane Rita and named the dog Luna Biscuit (which, he jokes, is French for Moon Pie). In the 2007 edition of One Dead In Attic Rose revealed that he and his wife had separated.
In October 2006, Rose admitted to taking anti-depressants after suffering from anxiety and depression after Hurricane Katrina.

</doc>
<doc id="9635063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635063" title="Hilltop High School (West Unity, Ohio)">
Hilltop High School (West Unity, Ohio)

Hilltop High School is a public high school in West Unity, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Millcreek-West Unity Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Cadets. They are members of the Buckeye Border Conference and, for football only, the Toledo Area Athletic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9635073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635073" title="Forever (Papa Roach song)">
Forever (Papa Roach song)

"Forever" is the second single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's fifth album, "The Paramour Sessions", and ninth released single in total. "Forever" peaked at #2 on the Modern Rock Tracks (for nine weeks) and #2 on the Mainstream Rock Chart (for six weeks).
Music video.
There was a contest on YouTube in which fans created their own videos for the song, with the official video, directed by Meiert Avis, shot on May 23, 2007 in the Los Angeles area. On June 15, 2007 the video made its official debut on AOL.

</doc>
<doc id="9635102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635102" title="Piccadilly Theatre (Beirut)">
Piccadilly Theatre (Beirut)

The Piccadilly Theatre in Rue Hamra, Beirut was a major venue for concerts, musicals and plays in Lebanon during the 1960s and the 1970s.
Though it had a small amount of seats (nearly 700), the Piccadilly was considered as a VIP theatre in Lebanon, and the Middle-east.
The theatre closed down in the mid 1980s, soon after the beginning of the Lebanese civil war which lasted from 1975 until 1990. It was run by the Mamiche & Itani company. 
Among the important artists who performed there:
Lebanese diva Fairuz (where she performed 9 of her musicals from 1967 until 1978), and the French diva Dalida (where she performed 4 concerts in it from 1971 until 1975).
Currently, the theatre is undertaking works of restoration and renovation for its reopening.

</doc>
<doc id="9635123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635123" title="Montpelier High School (Ohio)">
Montpelier High School (Ohio)

Montpelier High School is a public high school in Montpelier, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Montpelier Exempted Village School district. Their nickname is the Locomotives. They are members of the Northwest Ohio Athletic League.
Athletics.
Montpelier is currently a member of the NWOAL. For the 2015 football season they will compete as a football independent but remain fully in the NWOAL. Beginning with the 2016-17 school year, the Locos will play football in the Toledo Area Athletic Conference (TAAC), remain in the NWOAL for wrestling only, and become a full-member of the Buckeye Border Conference.
Northern Border League championships (1969-1978).
"Note: shared league titles are denoted with an asterisk (*)"

</doc>
<doc id="9635126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635126" title="Roberto Amadei">
Roberto Amadei

Roberto Amadei (13 February 1933 – 29 December 2009) was the former Roman Catholic bishop of the diocese of Bergamo, Italy. He was born in Verdello, a small town near Bergamo in Lombardy.
In 1944 he joined the minor seminary at Clusone where he earned the equivalent of a high school diploma. Subsequently, he was enrolled in the major seminary in Rome.
He took Holy Orders and became a priest on 16 March 1957. After his ordination, he remained in Rome until he had completed a comprehensive course of study in church history at the Gregorian University.
From 1960 to 1990, he taught church history at the seminary of Bergamo. During his tenure as a teacher there, he was also the headmaster of the theology school from 1969 to 1981. Bishop Giulio Oggioni named him rector of the seminary in 1981.
In 1991, Pope John Paul II named Monsignor Amadei to be Bishop of Savona, and, in 1993, he was transferred to the Diocese of Bergamo as bishop. On 22 January 2009 pope Benedict XVI accept his resignation from the post of bishop of Bergamo and named him Apostolic administrator sede vacante. Amadei left the office of administrator on 15 March 2009 when his successor Francesco Beschi began his service as bishop of Bergamo.
On 10 October Francesco Beschi announced that Amadei has received the Anointing of the Sick.
He died on 29 December 2009 in Bergamo.

</doc>
<doc id="9635138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635138" title="Lamoille Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Lamoille Township, Bureau County, Illinois

La Moille Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,122 and it contained 491 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these four cemeteries: Greenfield, North Prairie, Union and Van Orin Repose.

</doc>
<doc id="9635149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635149" title="Porsche Club of America">
Porsche Club of America

The Porsche Club of America (PCA) is an organization of Porsche enthusiasts in the United States and Canada. It is organized into 139 regions, which are grouped into 13 zones. The PCA conducts Porsche-related events including club racing, rallying, driver's education, autocrosses, and similar activities.
Regional chapters.
Potomac Founders Region - 1955.
The "Potomac Founders Region, Porsche Club of America" is located in the northern Virginia, Washington, D.C., and southern Maryland area. It is the first regional group of the Porsche Club of America, which organized in 1955 and began holding the "Porsche Parade" in Washington, D.C. during 1956. In 2013 and 2014 it was ranked the largest chapter with over 2300 paid memberships. 
Potomac Founders Region, Porsche Club of America - web site 
Riesentöter Region - 1957.
The Riesentöter (RTR) Region is the ninth largest. Originally founded in 1957 as the Eastern Pennsylvania Region of Porsche Club of America, it is the second region of PCA to be founded. Changing the name on April 12th, 1974 to Riesentöter which loosely translated from the German means Giant Killer — a reference to the race track success of the little Porsches against the Corvettes, Ferraris and Jaguars of the day.
Riesentöter Region, Porsche Club of America - web site 
Northern New Jersey Region - 1957.
"Northern New Jersey Region, Porsche Club of America", which is known as the NNJR, was chartered on August 24, 1957 by thirty founders during the second "Porsche Parade", held in Washington, D.C.. Nine of the charter members of NNJR also were founding members of the "Porsche Club of America", which began in 1955. The club is located in zone one of the continental PCA. The NNJR charter members are, Eugene Broberg, J. Howard Bryan, Francis Chambers, G. Harry Cusak, John Entwistle, Charles Fowler, Theodore Garrick, Robert Hammett, Edwin Hewitt, Joseph Hilton, Elroy Hull, Robert Jamison, Edward Jekkal, Arnold Ladd, Fred Linda, Don McDonnell, Edgar McHutchinson, Wesley Mock, Jr., William Olthoff, Alfred Parsons, Charles Pearce, David Preis, Norman Rose, Bengt Soderstrom, Clifford Sweetra, C. L. Thompson, John Tieman, Lake Underwood, Gerald White, and Wilfred Wing.
The first event for NNJR was a picnic that was held the same month, in August 1957, and included a rally and Concours d'Elegance. Its first newsletter was published in September 1957.
Being given special recognition, Bob Holbert, Sr., Bengt Soderstrom, Dennis Thovson, Lake Underwood, and Hans Ziereis have been designated as "Life Honorary Members". The club celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007.
Northern New Jersey Region, Porsche Club of America - NNJR web site
St. Louis Region - 1959.
"St. Louis Region, Porsche Club of America", St. Louis Region officially chartered as a Region of the Porsche Club of America on January 17, 1959 by National President, Earl Kirschbaum, Bill Kiburz and Manny Glazer served as first Officers of St. Louis Region.
Serving the St. Louis Metro area and surrounding areas in Missouri and Illinois, the STLPCA is the largest region in zone 10.
St. Louis Region, Porsche Club of America- STLPCA website
Golden Gate Region - 1960.
The "Golden Gate Region, Porsche Club of America", founded in 1960, serves San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara counties in Northern California, as part of PCA Zone 7.
Golden Gate Region, Porsche Club of America - web site
Sacramento Valley Region - 1962.
The "Sacramento Valley Region, Porsche Club of America" is a group that organized officially in 1962.
Sacramento Valley Region, Porsche Club of America - web site
Santa Barbara Region - 1964.
The "Santa Barbara Region, Porsche Club of America" is a group that organized officially in 1964.
Santa Barbara Region, Porsche Club of America - web site
With membership exceeding 700, the Santa Barbara Region includes the geographic areas of Santa Barbara and Ventura California counties.
Space Coast Region - 1968.
The Space Coast region was established in 1968. It is in Zone 12 of the Porsche Club of America, which covers Brevard, Volusia and Indian River Counties on the Eastern Coast of Florida.
Space Coast Region, Porsche Club of America - web site
Palmetto Region - 1969.
The Palmetto region established in 1969 is in Zone 3 of the Porsche Club of America, which covers Berkeley, Charleston, Colleton, Dillon, Dorchester, Georgetown, Hampton, Horry, Marion, Marlboro, and Willamsburg county.
Palmetto Region, Porsche Club of America - web site
Grand Prix Region - 1981.
The Grand Prix Region or GPX was established in 1981 in Zone 8 of the Porsche Club of America, which covers western parts of Los Angeles and Orange Counties on the West Coast of California.
Grand Prix Region, Porsche Club of America - web site
Suncoast Region.
The Suncoast region of the Porsche Club of America covers the Tampa Bay Area. Most known for co-hosting the 48 Hours at Sebring Porsche Club Race at Sebring International Raceway. The Suncoast Region also hosts several Driver's Educations at Sebring International Raceway throughout the year, as well as several Autocross events at Zephryhills Airport. 
Suncoast Region, Porsche Club of America - web site

</doc>
<doc id="9635152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635152" title="Matty Selman">
Matty Selman

Matty Selman is a playwright, lyricist and composer who makes his home in New York City. He first came into the national spotlight when he was hand-selected by Harvard's Robert Brustein to write the lyrics to an adaptation of Lysistrata with music by HAIR composer, Galt MacDermot. The resulting work starred Tony Award winner Cherry Jones and was presented by the American Repertory Theatre at Harvard and the Prince Theatre in Philadelphia. Both having lived on Staten Island, Selman and MacDermot continued their collaboration and wrote Goddess Wheel a further exploration of the Lysistrata tale, and The Tinderbox, based on the fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen and set in war-torn Iraq. Prior to working with Galt MacDermot, Matty had collaborated with Agnes of God playwright, John Pielmeier on three musicals, Steeplechase the Funny Place, Young Rube, and Slow Dance with a Hot Pickup.

</doc>
<doc id="9635154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635154" title="Gus Wilson">
Gus Wilson

Eugene "Gus" Wilson (born 11 April 1963 in Manchester) was an English professional football player during the early 1990s, and is now a football coach with extensive experience in the non-league game across north-west England.
Wilson started as a trainee at Manchester City like his more illustrious older brother Clive Wilson.
In 1991 he joined Crewe Alexandra from Accrington Stanley, making a total of 115 appearances as a right-sided defender for the Railwaymen. His one League goal - in an away win at Aldershot on New Year's Day 1992 - was later wiped from the records when Aldershot went bust. He did however manage to score 3 other goals in Cup matches.
Wilson joined Hyde United F.C. in 1994, and in 2001 he moved to Radcliffe Borough.
After his playing career was over, Wilson moved into team management and coaching at various north-western clubs including Flixton, Winsford United, Glossop North End and F.C. United of Manchester.
Wilson is currently a coach of several successful football teams at Manchester Grammar School. He is known for his great ability to intercept and steal the ball from an opponent and his shooting ability.

</doc>
<doc id="9635155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635155" title="ANAPROF Apertura 2007">
ANAPROF Apertura 2007

The ANAPROF Apertura 2007 season ("officially "Torneo Apertura 2007"") started on February 24, 2007. On May 27, 2007 the Apertura 2007 finalized with Tauro F.C. crowned seven time ANAPROF champion after beating San Francisco F.C. 2-0. Therefore Tauro F.C. will participate in the Copa Interclubes UNCAF 2007.
Apertura 2007 standings.
"Green indicates Semifinal Berth" (Los equipos en verde señalan los classificados a semifinales).
Final round.
Semifinals 2nd Leg (Semifinales - Juego de vuelta).
San Francisco advances to final 3-0 on penalties
Goalscorers by team (Anotadores por equipo).
12-César Medina
3-Miguel Castillo
3-Neftalí Díaz
2-Abdul Pinto
2-César Vergara
2-Fernando Hutardo
1-Amaral Rivera
6-Eduardo McTaggart
4-Jimmy Duarte
4-Anthony Basil
3-Armando Cooper
3-Nelson Barahona
2-Publio Rodriguez
2-David Daniels
1-Fidel Mahemour
1-Amilcar Henríquez
1-Gustavo Álvarez
1-Fausto Scolaro
7-José Julio
6-Oscar Vargas
2-Richard Miranda
2-Benjamín Ortega
2-Eybir Bonaga
2-Clive Trotman
1-Rodman Gonzalez
1-Bryan Simpson
1-Álvaro Borjas
7-Eric Quiroz
4-Manuel Mosquera
2-José Gómez
2-Josué Brown
1-José Luis Gonzalez
1-Miguel Gonzalez
1-Benjamín Aguirre
1-Abdiel Sanchez
1-Jesús Gonzalez
1-Manuel Bonilla
1-Ramón Mancias (OG)
1-Juan Soto
11-Gabriel Torres
3-Delano Welch
3-Armando Gun
1-Carlos Martínez
1-Alberto Quesada
1-Javier de la Rosa
1-Rómulo Ramos
1-Carlos Martínez
1-Gerardo Barrios
1-Ismael Mena
1-Gustavo Álvarez (OG)
1-Celso Polo
1-Luis Jaramillo
9-Alejandro Dawson
4-Johnny Ruiz
3-Julio Medina III
3-Silvio Morelos
2-Alberto Quintero
2-Marcos Villareal 
2-Francisco López
1-Bernando Palma
1-Santiago Valdes
1-Julio Valero
1-Roberto Stewart
1-Raúl Moreno
5-Ángel Lombardo
3-Omar Hidalgo
3-Alfredo Hernandez 
2-Joel Solanilla
1-Ricardo Buitrago
1-Juan Villalobos
1-Engie Mitre
1-Álvaro Borjas (OG)
1-Alberto Blanco
1-Ricardo Paschall
1-Jean McLean
1-Cristian Vega
5-José Justavino
4-Jair Carrasquilla
4-Temístocles Pérez
3-Ricardo Phillips
3-Manuel Torres
2-Gilberto Walter
1-Raúl Loo 
1-Jaime Giron
1-Miguel Olivares
1-Santiago de Alba
1-José Julio (OG)
1-Nicolás Castillo
2-Luis Morales
2-Alexis King
2-Pascual Ramos
1-José Panezo
1-Luis Mendoza
1-César Vergara (OG)
1-Osvaldo Solanilla
1-José Reyes
1-Abel Vega
1-Rodrigo Tello
1-Luis Ovalle
1-José Venegas
1-Enrique Valencia
1-Eladio Mitre
14-Edwin Aguilar
6-Alberto Skinner
5-Héctor Nazarith
4-Brunet Hay
3-Rolando Escobar
2-Luis Henríquez
2-Juan de Dios Perez
1-Carlos Rivera
1-Oscar McFarlane
1-Reggie Arosemena
1-Víctor Miranda
1-Eduardo Dasent
Local derby statistics.
El Super Clasico Nacional - Tauro v Plaza Amador
Clasico del Pueblo - Plaza Amador v Chorillo
Clasico Interiorano - Atlético Chiriquí v Atlético Veragüense

</doc>
<doc id="9635156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635156" title="Paisan">
Paisan

Paisan () is a 1946 Italian film directed by Roberto Rossellini, the second of a trilogy by Rossellini. It is divided into six episodes. They are set in the Italian Campaign during World War II when Nazi Germany was losing the war against the Allies. A major theme is communication problems due to language barriers.
The film was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) and the BAFTA Award for Best Film from any source. It was the most popular Italian film at the box office in 1945-46, finishing ahead of Mario Mattoli's melodrama "Life Begins Anew".
Plot.
1st Episode.
During the Allied invasion of Sicily, a small American reconnaissance patrol makes its way to a Sicilian village at night. Only one of the Americans speaks Italian. Local Carmela (Carmela Sazio) agrees to guide them past a German minefield. They take shelter in the ruins of a seaside castle. 
While the others take a look around, Joe (Robert Van Loon) is assigned to keep an eye on Carmela. Despite the language barrier, Joe starts to overcome her indifference. However, he is shot by a German sniper. Before the Germans reach the castle, Carmela hides Joe in the basement. When the Germans send her for water, she sneaks back and checks on Joe, only to find him dead. She takes his rifle and starts shooting at the enemy. The Germans throw her off a cliff to her death and leave. When the Americans return, they find Joe's body and assume Carmela killed him.
2nd Episode.
The Allies invade mainland Italy and capture the port of Naples. An orphaned street urchin named Pasquale (Alfonsino Pasca) happens upon Joe (Dots Johnson), an embittered, somewhat drunk African-American soldier. When Joe falls asleep, Pasquale takes his boots. The next day, Joe, a military policeman, nabs Pasquale in the act of stealing supplies from a truck. Joe demands his boots back, but when the boy takes him to where he lives, the sight of the squalor causes Joe to leave without them.
3rd Episode.
Fred (Gar Moore) is one of the soldiers who helps liberate Rome. During a rest stop, he gets out of his tank and persuades city resident Francesca (Maria Michi) to let him wash up in her apartment. In the little time they spend together, they are attracted to each other, and Fred promises to return.
Six months later, Fred is back in Rome, where he is taken by a street prostitute back to her place. He wants nothing to do with her; instead he tells her how he futilely searched for Francesca, not recognizing her as the prostitute. When he falls asleep, Francesca slips out, asks the building manager to give her home address to Fred when he wakes up. However, she waits in vain; the now-cynical Fred, who thinks the address given him is of a whorehouse, throws away the piece of paper away and heads back to his unit.
4th Episode.
The southern half of Florence is freed, but fierce fighting continues across the river in the other half between Italian partisans and the Germans and their die-hard fascist supporters. All the bridges other than the Ponte Vecchio have been blown up, stalling the Allied advance. American nurse Harriet (Harriet Medin) is frantic to get across and be reunited with a painter. 
She learns that he is now "Lupo", the leader of the partisans. She and partisan Massimo (Renzo Avanzo), a man desperate for news of his family, risk their lives and find a way across. However, Harriet is devastated to learn that Lupo has been killed.
5th Episode.
Three American chaplains are welcomed to stay the night at a newly liberated Roman Catholic monastery. However, the monks are later dismayed to find that only Captain Bill Martin (William Tubbs) is a Catholic; his friends are a Protestant and a Jew.
When they sit down to supper, Martin learns that the monks have decided to fast in hopes of gaining the favor of Heaven to convert the other two.
6th Episode.
In December 1944, three members of the OSS are operating behind German lines with Italian partisans. They rescue two downed British airmen, but run out of ammunition during a battle with the enemy and are captured. The partisans are summarily executed the next day, as they are not protected by the Geneva Conventions; two of the outraged prisoners of war are shot when they try to interfere.
Production.
After the enormous international success of "Rome, Open City", Rossellini was able to get funding from international investors, particularly in the U.S. He decided to make a film about the liberation of Italy from the Allied invasion in 1943 to the end of World War II in 1945. Unusually for a film with much dialogue not in English, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer took over distribution of the movie in the United States (from smaller firm Burstyn & Mayer), helping its visibility.
Rossellini enlisted six writers to each write a short script on the subject. In order of episodes, they were Klaus Mann, Marcello Pagliero, Sergio Amidei, Federico Fellini, Rossellini, and Vasco Pratolini. Each episode also took place in a different Italian location. Despite the scripts, Rossellini often improvised with the actors and rewrote the stories as they were being filmed. During the first episode filmed in Sicily, Rossellini completely threw out the script and coached the non-professional, illiterate lead actress Carmela Sazio to a performance that would gain critical praise.
Critical reception.
Bosley Crowther of the "New York Times" hailed it, writing it "marks a milestone in the expressiveness of the screen." He went on to say "It is useless to attempt an explanation, in familiar and concrete terms, of its basic theme and nature, for it is not an ordinary film—neither in form nor dramatic construction nor in the things it has to say", "the antithesis of the classic 'story film'". He ended his review with "This is a film to be seen—and seen again."
Jóse Luis Guarner praised the first episode, stating that the camera "keeps still throughout the long conversation, content to look and record, like a film by Louis Lumiere. A lot more is suggested than can actually be seen: the soldier's loneliness, his need to talk to someone, his longing for home and family, the girl's growing confidence...to show all this with such economy of means is one of the greatest secrets of the cinema. The whole of "Paisà" witnesses the same pressing need to portray a complex reality directly, at one go." Guarner went on to call it "Rossellini's first masterpiece, a masterpiece of neorealism as well as one of the peaks of film history."
Andre Bazin wrote that "the unit of cinematic narrative in "Pasià" is not the "shot", an abstract of a reality which is being analyzed, but the "fact": A fragment of concrete reality in itself multiple and full of ambiguity, whose meaning emerges only ...thanks to other imposed facts between which the mind establishes certain relationships." Robin Wood praised the film's newsreel footage like style in adding to the realism and compared the scene of peasants being rounded up in the Po Valley to the Odessa Step sequence in "Battleship Potemkin".
"TV Guide" called it "perhaps Rossellini's greatest achievement", "a wartime portrait full of humor, pathos, romance, tension, and warmth", and "a film unlike any other the world had seen". "PAISAN highlights the power of the neorealist style better than almost any other film."
The "Chicago Reader"'s Dave Kehr observed that "The episodes all seem to have an anecdotal triteness ... but each acquires a wholly unexpected naturalness and depth of feeling from Rossellini's refusal to hype the anecdotes with conventional dramatic rhetoric."
Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" noted that "the sketch-like format of the six-part "Paisan," from 1946, enabled him to mix actors and nonactors, to film in sequence and improvise his stories as he went along, and to use newsreel-style camerawork."
All eight Rotten Tomatoes reviews are favorable toward the film. Director Martin Scorsese has also listed it as one of his favourite films of all time and his all-time favorite of the Rossellini films.
Influence.
Roberto Rossellini's film would inspire future directors, such as Italian Gillo Pontecorvo, to become filmmakers themselves. Later, Pontecorvo would create films, like "Battle of Algiers" (1967), in which he adopted Rosselini’s techniques of using non-professional actors and real locations.

</doc>
<doc id="9635157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635157" title="Finally Made Me Happy">
Finally Made Me Happy

"Finally Made Me Happy" is the lead single from Macy Gray's fourth studio album, "Big" (2007). It features additional vocals from Natalie Cole. It was made available on iTunes for the week of March 18–24, 2007 and sold over 7,000 downloads. Gray performed the song on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on March 27, 2007 and on "The View" on March 28, 2007.
The single was released on April 15, 2007 in the United Kingdom. The video has so far been the number-one most played video on television channel The Box and has been added to the Capital FM and BBC Radio 2 radio playlists (it was playlisted on the C-list of the latter). "Finally Made Me Happy" failed to make the charts, but nevertheless reached the top twenty of the UK club chart, peaking at number eighteen.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Meiert Avis, primarily features Gray performing the song with her band, which features will.i.am on the piano. Towards the end of the song, Cole enters the video ad-libbing and singing joyfully with Gray.
The video is similar to that for Prince's 1984 "When Doves Cry". Gray recreates the scenes with the bathtub and singing with the band. Cole comes down the spiral staircases in the same way Prince did in the "When Doves Cry" video.
Track listing.
CD single

</doc>
<doc id="9635163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635163" title="1936 Swiss Grand Prix">
1936 Swiss Grand Prix

The 1936 Swiss Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Bremgarten on 23 August 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="9635175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635175" title="Demetrius Lacon">
Demetrius Lacon

Demetrius Lacon or Demetrius of Laconia (late 2nd century BC) was an Epicurean philosopher, and a disciple of Protarchus. He was an older contemporary of Zeno of Sidon and a teacher of Philodemus. Sextus Empiricus quotes part of a commentary by Demetrius on Epicurus, where Demetrius interprets Epicurus' statement that "time is an accident of accidents."
Papyrus scrolls containing portions of the works of Demetrius were discovered at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum. The major works partially preserved are:
In addition, he is the probable author of the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="9635213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635213" title="North Central High School (Pioneer, Ohio)">
North Central High School (Pioneer, Ohio)


</doc>
<doc id="9635216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635216" title="Leepertown Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Leepertown Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Leepertown Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 364 and it contained 187 housing units. Leepertown Township changed its name from Leipertown Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 84.72%) is land and (or 15.28%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Greenwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9635224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635224" title="Global marketing">
Global marketing

Global marketing is “marketing on a worldwide scale reconciling or taking commercial advantage of global operational differences, similarities and opportunities in order to meet global objectives".
Worldwide competition.
One of the product categories in which global competition has been easy to track in U.S.is automotive sales. The increasing intensity of competition in global markets is a challenge facing companies at all stages of involvement in international markets. As markets open up, and become more integrated, the pace of change accelerates, technology shrinks distances between markets and reduces the scale advantages of large firms, new sources of competition emerge, and competitive pressures mount at all levels of the organization. Also, the threat of competition from companies in countries such as India, China, Malaysia, and Brazil is on the rise, as their own domestic markets are opening up to foreign competition, stimulating greater awareness of international market opportunities and of the need to be internationally competitive. Companies which previously focused on protected domestic markets are entering into markets in other countries, creating new sources of competition, often targeted to price-sensitive market segments. 
Not only is competition intensifying for all firms regardless of their degree of global market involvement, but the basis for competition is changing. Competition continues to be market-based and ultimately relies on delivering superior value to consumers. However, success in global markets depends on knowledge accumulation and deployment.
Today, more and more marketing companies specialize in translating products from one country to another.
Evolution to global marketing.
Global marketing is not a revolutionary shift, it is an evolutionary process. While the following does not apply to all companies, it does apply to most companies that begin as domestic-only companies. International marketing has intensified and is evident for approximately nearly all aspects of consumer’s daily life. Local regions or national boundaries no longer restricted to the competitive forces. To be successful in today's globalized economy, it is must for the companies to simultaneously be responsive to local as well as global market conditions and varying aspect’s related to the international marketing process. Hence, international marketing skills are an important ingredient for every company, whether or not it is currently involved in exporting the activities for the endorsement of the brand or the company. 
The internationalized marketplace has been transformed very quickly in recent years by shifts in trading techniques, standards and practices. These changes have been reinforced and retained by new technologies and evolving the economic relationships between the companies and the organizations which are working for the trade across the globe. This assignment project work is just an attempt to get integrate these developments and attempts in the field of the market journalism into the burgeoning literature on international marketing process as well as on recent research findings on the International marketing. The research emphasis within the subject has evolved alongside changes in the stress given to key aspects of international trade market. The pre-occupation of early researchers with exports and selling is being replaced by a more balanced view which gives increasing weight to other aspects of international marketing such as licensing, joint ventures, and overseas subsidiaries. 
In effect, the traditional ethnocentric conceptual view of international marketing trade is being counterbalanced by a more accurate global view of markets. This process of change is tracked in this paper and the growing importance of a strategic and organizational approach to international marketing is emphasized in this article theory. Focused attention is paid to the heterogeneous nature of international marketing process. The diversity of the globalized situations is matched by the variety of enterprises which play a vital part in the marketing exploration process. There is also explanation focuses on the matching of the available company resources and marketing goals in successful international marketing trade. The concept which unveils the paper brings out the importance of effective marketing procedures to success in international markets and trade over the international markets.
Domestic marketing.
A marketing restricted to the political boundaries of a country is called 'Domestic Marketing'. A company marketing only within its national boundaries only has to consider domestic competition. Even if that competition includes companies from foreign markets, it still only has to focus on the competition that exists in its home market. Products and services are developed for customers in the home market without thought of how the product or service could be used in other markets. All marketing decisions are made at headquarters. 
The biggest obstacle these marketers face is being blindsided by emerging global marketers. Because domestic marketers do not generally focus on the changes in the global marketplace, they may not be aware of a potential competitor who is a market leader on three continents until they simultaneously open 20 stores in the Northeastern U.S. These marketers can be considered ethnocentric as they are most concerned with how they are perceived in their home country.
The domestic market is a large market that every nation needs. These markets are all restricted to be under control of certain boundaries in that company or country. This type of marketing is the type of marketing that takes place in the headquarters. In domestic markets it helps reduce the cost of competition. By reducing competition the company has a better shot of being more successful in the long run. Also if the company’s competition is not a big factor that will affect their business, they have a good shot at making prices higher and people will still purchase that product. 
A firm operating in a domestic market also gets the opportunity to operate in different areas and this gives the company an opportunity to have bigger markets to advertise to. Even in domestic markets, businesses are still trying to trade with each other to promote their business to other businesses in the area. An advantage to marketing domestically is that the firm may be entitled to tax benefits for offering jobs to the nation and for giving people opportunities for work. A firm that markets domestically helps countries by offering more jobs, bringing in additional business to the market and stimulates trading within the market.
International marketing.
International marketing is the export, franchising, joint venture or full direct entry of a marketing organization into another country. This can be achieved by exporting a company's product into another location, entry through a joint venture with another firm in the target country, or foreign direct investment into the target country. The development of the marketing mix for that country is then required - international marketing. It can be as straightforward as using existing marketing strategies, mix and tools for export on the one side, to a highly complex relationship strategy including localization, local product offerings, pricing, production and distribution with customized promotions, offers, website, social media and leadership. Internationalization and international marketing meets the needs of selected foreign countries where a company's value can be exported and there is inter-firm and firm learning, optimization and efficiency in economies of scale and scope. The firm does not need to export or enter all world markets to be considered an international marketer.
Global marketing.
Global marketing is a firm's ability to market to almost all countries on the planet. With extensive reach, the need for a firm's product or services is established. The global firm retains the capability, reach, knowledge, staff, skills, insights, and expertise to deliver value to customers worldwide. The firm understands the requirement to service customers locally with global standard solutions or products, and localizes that product as required to maintain an optimal balance of cost, efficiency, customization and localization in a control-customization continuum to best meet local, national and global requirements to position itself against or with competitors, partners, alliances, substitutes and defend against new global and local market entrants per country, region or city. The firm will price its products appropriately worldwide, nationally and locally, and promote, deliver access and information to its customers in the most cost-effective way. The firm also needs to understand, research, measure and develop loyalty for its brand and global brand equity (stay on brand) for the long term.
At this level, global marketing and global branding are integrated. Branding involves a structured process of analyzing "soft" assets and "hard" assets of a firm's resources. The strategic analysis and development of a brand includes customer analysis (trends, motivation, unmet needs, segmentation), competitive analysis (brand image/brand identity, strengths, strategies, vulnerabilities), and self-analysis (existing brand image, brand heritage, strengths/capabilities, organizational values). 
Further, Global brand identity development is the process establishing brands of products, the firm, and services locally and worldwide with consideration for scope, product attributes, quality/value, uses, users and country of origin; organizational attributes (local vs. global); personality attributes (genuine, energetic, rugged, elegant) and brand customer relationships (friend, adviser, influencer, trusted source); and importantly symbols, trademarks metaphors, imagery, mood, photography and the company's brand heritage. In establishing a global brand, the brand proposition (functional benefits, emotional benefits and self-expressive benefits are identified, localized and streamlined to be consistent with a local, national, international and global point of view. The brand developed needs to be credible.
A global marketing and branding implementation system distributes marketing assets (website, social media, Google PPC, PDFs, sales collateral, press junkets, kits, product samples, news releases, local mini-sites, flyers, posters, alliance and partner materials, affiliate programs and materials, internal communications, newsletters, investor materials, event promotions and trade shows to deliver an integrated, comprehensive and focused communication, access and value to the customers, that can be tracked to build loyalty, case studies and further establish the company's global marketing and brand footprint.
Global marketing specialization.
Global marketing is a field of study in general business management to provide valuable products, solutions and services to customers locally, nationally, internationally and worldwide.
Elements of the global marketing.
Not only do standard marketing approaches, strategies, tactics and processes apply, global marketing requires an understanding of global finance, global operations and distribution, government relations, global human capital management and resource allocation, distributed technology development and management, global business logic, interfirm and global competitiveness, exporting, joint ventures, foreign direct investments and global risk management.
The standard “Four P’s” of marketing: product, price, placement, and promotion are all affected as a company moves through the five evolutionary phases to become a global company. Ultimately, at the global marketing level, a company trying to speak with one voice is faced with many challenges when creating a worldwide marketing plan. Unless a company holds the same position against its competition in all markets (market leader, low cost, etc.) it is impossible to launch identical marketing plans worldwide. 
Nisant Chakram(Marketing Management)
Product.
A global company is one that can create a single product and only have to tweak elements for different markets. For example, Coca-Cola uses two formulas (one with sugar, one with corn syrup) for all markets. The product packaging in every country incorporates the contour bottle design and the dynamic ribbon in some way, shape, or form. However, the bottle can also include the country’s native language and is the same size as other beverage bottles or cans in that same country.
Price.
Price will always vary from market to market. Price is affected by many variables: cost of product development (produced locally or imported), cost of ingredients, cost of delivery (transportation, tariffs, etc.), and much more. Additionally, the product’s position in relation to the competition influences the ultimate profit margin. Whether this product is considered the high-end, expensive choice, the economical, low-cost choice, or something in-between helps determine the price point.
Placement.
How the product is distributed is also a country-by-country decision influenced by how the competition is being offered to the target market. Using Coca-Cola as an example again, not all cultures use vending machines. In the United States, beverages are sold by the pallet via warehouse stores. In India, this is not an option. Placement decisions must also consider the product’s position in the market place. For example, a high-end product would not want to be distributed via a “dollar store” in the United States. Conversely, a product promoted as the low-cost option in France would find limited success in a pricey boutique.
Promotion.
After product research, development and creation, promotion (specifically advertising) is generally the largest line item in a global company’s marketing budget. At this stage of a company’s development, integrated marketing is the goal. The global corporation seeks to reduce costs, minimize redundancies in personnel and work, maximize speed of implementation, and to speak with one voice. If the goal of a global company is to send the same message worldwide, then delivering that message in a relevant, engaging, and cost-effective way is the challenge.
Effective global advertising techniques do exist. The key is testing advertising ideas using a marketing research system proven to provide results that can be compared across countries. The ability to identify which elements or moments of an ad are contributing to that success is how economies of scale are maximized. Market research measures such as Flow of Attention, Flow of Emotion and branding moments provide insights into what is working in an ad in any country because the measures are based on visual, not verbal, elements of the ad.
Advantages and Disadvantages.
Advantages.
The advantages of global market we can introduce our product by using advertising: 
Reach.
The nature of the internet means businesses now have a truly global reach. While traditional media costs limit this kind of reach to huge multinationals, eMarketing opens up new avenues for smaller businesses, on a much smaller budget, to access potential consumers from all over the world.
Scope.
Internet marketing allows the marketer to reach consumers in a wide range of ways and enables them to offer a wide range of products and services. eMarketing includes, among other things, information management, public relations, customer service and sales. With the range of new technologies becoming available all the time, this scope can only grow.
Interactivity.
Whereas traditional marketing is largely about getting a brand’s message out there, eMarketing facilitates conversations between companies and consumers. With a two way communication channel, companies can feed off of the responses of their consumers, making them more dynamic and adaptive.
Immediacy.
Internet marketing is able to, in ways never before imagined, provide an immediate impact. Imagine you’re reading your favorite magazine. You see a double-page advert for some new product or service, maybe BMW’s latest luxury sedan or Apple’s latest iPod offering. With this kind of traditional media, it’s not that easy for you, the consumer, to take the step from hearing about a product to actual acquisition. With eMarketing, it’s easy to make that step as simple as possible, meaning that within a few short clicks you could have booked a test drive or ordered the iPod. And all of this can happen regardless of normal office hours. Effectively, Internet marketing makes business hours 24 hours per day, 7 days per week for every week of the year. By closing the gap between providing information and eliciting a consumer reaction, the consumer’s buying cycle is speeded up.
Demographics and targeting.
Generally speaking, the demographics of the Internet are a marketer’s dream. Internet users, considered as a group, have greater buying power and could perhaps be considered as a population group skewed towards the middle-classes. Buying power is not all though. The nature of the Internet is such that its users will
tend to organize themselves into far more focused groupings. Savvy marketers who know where to look can quite easily find access to the niche markets they wish to target. Marketing messages are most effective when they are presented directly to the audience most likely to be interested. The Internet creates the perfect environment
for niche marketing to targeted groups.
Adaptivity and closed loop marketing.
Closed Loop Marketing requires the constant measurement and analysis of the
results of marketing initiatives. By continuously tracking the response and effectiveness
of a campaign, the marketer can be far more dynamic in adapting to consumers’
wants and needs.
With eMarketing, responses can be analyzed in real-time and campaigns can be
tweaked continuously. Combined with the immediacy of the Internet as a medium,
this means that there’s minimal advertising spend wasted on less than effective
campaigns.
Maximum marketing efficiency from eMarketing creates new opportunities to seize
strategic competitive advantages.
The combination of all these factors results in an improved ROI and ultimately, more
customers, happier customers and an improved bottom line.

</doc>
<doc id="9635244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635244" title="Evolution (Edge of Sanity album)">
Evolution (Edge of Sanity album)

Evolution is a best of compilation album by the Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity, released by Black Mark Productions on November 29, 1999. The songs were selected from various recordings including; early demos, remastered and mixed versions of songs and covers by various bands.
Credits.
Production.
• "Criminally Insane" by Slayer
• "I Wanna Go Home" by Sator
• "Kill the Police" by Cryptic Death
• "Mother" by Danzig

</doc>
<doc id="9635261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635261" title="Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Poland">
Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Poland

The Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Poland (), the largest Protestant body in Poland with about 60,000 members and 189 parishes.
History.
The The Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession is rooted in the Reformation. The first Lutheran sermons were held in 1518, and in 1523 the first Lutheran dean, Johann Heß, was called to the city of Breslau, whence Lutheranism was spread into the Polish lands. Today the Church has its primary adherents in the Polish part of Cieszyn Silesia. 
The church in Poland suffered during and after World War II. The ranks of pastors, teachers and other church leadership were somewhat diminished by persecution, imprisonment, and death. During the early postwar years, a staggering number of church properties were taken over for other purposes, and the connections of Protestant Lutheranism to the German cultural sphere made authorities and Polish locals inimical towards the Lutherans left. Gradually, the Evangelical Church of Augsburg Confession in Poland has been reshaped into an active body. In 12 October 2008, Polish president Lech Kaczyński — himself of the Catholic faith — visited the Lutheran Protestant Jesus Church in Cieszyn, becoming the first Polish president who ever visited a Protestant place of worship.
Contemporary.
The church's six dioceses form a wide swath from north to south down the middle of Poland — from Warmia-Masuria and Gdańsk in the north, near the Baltic, to the region west and southwest of Kraków in the south, toward the Czech Republic border. Direct descendants of Reformation forebears live in the south, around Upper Silesia.
The church has 189 congregations, 130 parishes, and 150 chapels, and is served by 169 pastors and other church workers. Many pastors serve multiple preaching points and are challenged by diverse demands as well as the need for innovation in a rapidly changing society. The congregations are self-governing, and each has its own parish council. 
Though numbers of church members are currently lower than they have been in the past (86,880 baptized members in 2001, 75,000 in 2009), the Evangelical Church of Augsburg Confession in Poland still remains as the largest Protestant body in Poland. As of 2012, there were 61663 adherent faithful in this church.
As a Lutheran church in a country that is nearly 90 percent Roman Catholic, the church faces challenges in upholding a Protestant education at various levels, whether in Sunday Schools, catechetical instruction, or in connection with the public schools, where Catholic religious education is part of the curriculum. The main priorities of the church are in diaconic work among single, old, and disabled persons; women's and youth work; and in evangelism.

</doc>
<doc id="9635282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635282" title="Moses Pendleton">
Moses Pendleton

Moses Pendleton (born March 28, 1949) is a choreographer, dancer and the artistic director of MOMIX. MOMIX is a dance company that he formed in 1981 as an offshoot of the Pilobolus, which he had co-founded while a senior at Dartmouth College in 1971. He remained a full-time member with the company until 1980. He choreographs dance sculptures that bring together acrobatics, gymnastics, mime, props, and film. 
Early years.
Born and raised on a dairy farm in Lyndonville, Vermont. Pendleton exhibited Holstein Friesians at the Caledonia County Fair.
He attended Dartmouth College, graduating in 1971 with a BA in English Literature. In that same year he co-founded Pilobolus, which won acclaim for its blend of acrobatics, body sculpture, and humor. Pierre Cardin presented the group on Broadway in 1977. Pendleton left the company to start MOMIX four years later.
MOMIX.
Pendleton performed a solo dance called "MOMIX" with Pilobolus at the 1980 Winter Olympics at Lake Placid. The following year MOMIX became the name of the company he founded with Alison Becker Chase.
Over the past 30 years MOMIX has become one of the most popular and widely seen dance companies in the world. It has had as many as three teams of dancers performing simultaneously on three continents. Its repertoire includes full-evening works such as Passion, with a score by Peter Gabriel; In Orbit; Baseball; Opus Cactus; Lunar Sea; MOMIX: Remix; Botanica; and the company's latest creation, Alchemy.
Inspiration and Ideology.
Pendleton takes much of his inspiration for his work from the natural world, plants, animals and minerals. On stage, portrays resemble sunflowers and marigolds. Pendleton states, "we're less of a dance company than a physical, visual theater, using props and costumes to create fascinating pictures." 
Choreography and performance.
Pendleton has been active as a choreographer and aperformer for other companies.
Other projects.
An photographer, Pendleton's work has been exhibited in London, Milan, Montreal and Aspen, and Rome. Pendleton is the subject of the book Salto di Gravita by Lisavetta Scarbi (in Italian, 1999).
Pendleton was a 1998 recipient of the Connecticut Commission on the Arts' Governor's Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9635288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635288" title="Sir Robert Hildyard, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Robert Hildyard, 2nd Baronet

Sir Robert Hildyard, 2nd Baronet (1671 – 30 November 1729), of Patrington and Winestead in the East Riding of Yorkshire, was an English landowner and Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of Christopher Hildyard; he succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his grandfather, Sir Robert Hildyard, 1st Baronet on 7 March 1685. He served in Parliament as member for Hedon from December 1701 to July 1702. He was responsible for building Winestead Hall.
He never married. On his death in 1729, the baronetcy passed to his nephew, Sir Robert Hildyard, 3rd Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="9635291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635291" title="The Tragedy of Man">
The Tragedy of Man

The Tragedy of Man () is a play written by the Hungarian author Imre Madách. It was first published in 1861. The play is considered to be one of the major works of Hungarian literature and is one of the most often staged Hungarian plays today. Many lines have become common quotations in Hungary. The 1984 film "The Annunciation" ("Angyali üdvözlet") was based on the play.
Synopsis.
The main characters are Adam, Eve and Lucifer. As God creates the universe, Lucifer decries it as futile, stating that man will soon aspire to be god and demanding his own right of the world, because God was forced to create with him, "the ancient spirit of denial". God casts him out of Heaven, but grants his wish: the two cursed trees in Eden, the Tree of Knowledge and the Tree of Immortality. Playing on Eve's vanity and Adam's pride, Lucifer tempts both into sin. After the Fall and expulsion from Eden, Adam is still too proud to admit that he acted wrongly. Instead, he recounts his dreams of human progress and achievement; he feels that now, unencumbered by God's rules, he is ready to pursue his own glory. Lucifer puts Adam to sleep, and the two begin to travel through history. The first period they visit, ancient Egypt, is the realization of Adam's dream of immense human achievements. However, his joy is abruptly cut off when he finds that the pyramids are being built on the backs of slaves (as a later-executed slave points out, "millions for one"). Adam, in the role of a pharaoh, falls in love with Eve, a slave-girl; with renewed hope, he now tells Lucifer to take him to a world where all men live in equality, and Lucifer transports him to democratic Greece. In each period, Adam's previous dreams are exposed as futile, flawed, or unattainable, and Eve appears just in time to refresh Adam's spirit, and the cycle repeats.
Adam and Lucifer are introduced at the beginning of each scene, with Adam assuming various important historical roles and Lucifer usually acting as a servant or confidant. Eve enters only later in each scene, usually as a historical character. Adam is usually engrossed in his role at the beginning of each scene, and only becomes self-aware and aware of Lucifer as his guide near the end. Eve never breaks out of character. From the 19th century period on, Adam is no longer a leader, but retreats into an observer role, his political and historical enthusiasm having disappeared. Likewise, throughout the dream, Adam is older and older with each passing scene, representing not only his increasing wisdom but also the increasing burden of hopelessness.
The final dream scene is in an ice age in the far future. The Sun is dying, civilization has disappeared, and mankind has been reduced to a few scattered savages trying to eke out a living. It is never addressed whether this is truly the future Madách foresaw, or whether this is an elaborate illusion on the part of Lucifer to make Adam lose hope once and for all.
Awaking from his dream, Adam declares that the future is hopeless, and that the only course of action now open to him is to kill himself, thereby ending the human race before it begins and preventing all the meaningless suffering the future holds. As he is poised to throw himself from a cliff, Eve finds him, and happily announces that she is pregnant. Adam falls to his knees and declares that God has vanquished him. God rebukes Satan, and tells Adam that regardless of whether he sees hope or not, his task is only to "strive on, and have faith."
Sequence of scenes.
The "Tragedy of Man" contains fifteen scenes, with ten historical periods represented. The scenes, their locations, and the identity of the main protagonists in each are as follows.
SCENE 1 - In Heaven, immediately following the creation.<BR>
SCENE 2 - In the Garden of Eden at the Beginning of Time.<BR>
SCENE 3 - Outside the Garden of Eden at the Beginning of Time.<BR>
SCENE 4 - Egypt, c. 2650 BC. Adam is a Pharaoh, most likely Djoser; Lucifer his Vizier; Eve is the wife of a slave.<BR>
SCENE 5 - Athens, 489 BC. Adam is Miltiades the Younger; Lucifer is a guard; Eve is Miltiades' wife.<BR>
SCENE 6 - Rome, c. AD 67. Adam is a wealthy Roman; Lucifer is his friend, Eve is a prostitute.<BR>
SCENE 7 - Constantinople, AD 1096. Adam is Prince Tancred of Hauteville; Lucifer is his squire; Eve is a noble maiden forced to become a nun.<BR>
SCENE 8 - Prague, c. AD 1615. Adam is Johannes Kepler; Lucifer is his pupil; Eve is his wife, Barbara.<BR>
SCENE 9 - Paris, AD 1793 (in a dream of Kepler). Adam is Georges Danton; Lucifer is an executioner; Eve appears in two forms, first as an aristocrat about to be executed, then immediately following as a bloodthirsty poor woman.<BR>
SCENE 10 - Prague, c. AD 1615. Adam is Johannes Kepler; Lucifer is his pupil; Eve is his wife, Barbara.<BR>
SCENE 11 - London, 19th century. Adam and Lucifer are nameless Englishmen; Eve is a young woman of the middle class.<BR>
SCENE 12 - A Communist/Technocratic Phalanstery, in the future. Adam and Lucifer masquerade as traveling chemists; Eve is a worker who refuses to be separated from her child.<BR>
SCENE 13 - Space. Adam and Lucifer are themselves, Eve does not appear in this scene.<BR>
SCENE 14 - An ice age in the distant future, at least AD 6000. Adam is a broken old man; Lucifer is himself; Eve is an Eskimo's wife.<BR>
SCENE 15 - Outside Eden at the Beginning of Time.
Interpretation.
The play is invariably compared to Milton's "Paradise Lost", as the two deal with the same subject matter—the creation and fall of Man, and the devil's role in it. As in "Paradise Lost", some critics maintain that the true protagonist of the "Tragedy" is Lucifer himself, being more active than Adam and God combined. Milton offers a more well-rounded Lucifer, however; he is motivated chiefly by a desire for power, and all his actions stem from that, rather than from any specifically malicious drive. Madách's version is significantly more one-sidedly villainous, seeking to destroy mankind simply to prove God's creation experiment a failure. This spite, combined with his charisma in dealing with Adam and Eve, make him a decidedly sinister character, more so than Milton's.
Some critics suggest that the unique portrayal of Eve, the first woman, was prompted by Madách's own unhappy marriage. Eve is both the vehicle of Adam's fall, offering him the apple, but through her appearance in each scene, is also usually the means by which Adam regains his hope for the future. In the end, she is the force which prevents his demise. The relationship between man and woman is indeed at the heart of the play, portrayed as being both deeply flawed on the one hand, yet still affirmed as "the" basic human relationship.
While these interpretations may be up for discussion, the role of Hegelian dialectic in the sequencing of scenes is an established fact. Each scene, each historical period, is the realization of some ideal of Adam ("thesis"), which Lucifer then exposes as being deeply flawed ("antithesis"). Adam, on the verge of losing hope, comes into contact with Eve, and decides upon a new ideal ("synthesis") which would cure the worst problems of his present reality. The cycle then repeats. Unlike Hegel's philosophy, however, humanity does not constantly build towards a glorious future, but is slowly sinking into worse and worse depravity.
This leads to the most famous and one of the most controversial elements of the play. Adam cannot understand what the purpose of his existence is if mankind's future is so bleak. The last line is spoken by God: ""Mondottam, ember, küzdj és bízva bízzál!"" ("I have told you, Man: strive on, and trust!") Depending on the interpretation, this can either be seen cynically as the words of a capricious deity, or else pointing to a "hope beyond all hope," that God has a purpose for all things which man may not necessarily comprehend. This is markedly different from "Paradise Lost", where the Christian hope is explicitly spelled out.
It may therefore be tempting to suggest that "The Tragedy of Man" is not really a Christian play. It is, in fact, rather critical of historical Christianity. However, it is really only the institutional Roman Catholic Church that comes under direct attack; Madách was a devout Protestant, even having left out the Protestant Reformation because he would have had to criticize it. His brief portrayal of the early church, and St. Peter specifically, is also completely positive. It is certain that Madách's contemporaries likewise saw the play an unquestionably Christian in character. János Arany, who proofread Madách's poetry, was at first so disgusted by Lucifer's apparent blasphemous behaviour in the first scene that he refused to read further; however, once Madách begged him to read it to the end, he felt that the rest of the play's Christianity justified and explained what he had at first misinterpreted. Therefore, the interpretation of God as a capricious and arbitrary deity who wants to see his creations toil and suffer for no purpose does not seem to fit with Madách's probable intentions.
Literary influence, notably from Milton's "Paradise Lost" and Goethe's "Faust", cannot be overlooked. Both notably contributed to the representation of the Lucifer, that takes characteristics from both Milton's Satan and Goethe's Mephistopheles. Likewise, existentialist themes reflecting on the apparent absurdity of existence are present throughout; Kierkegaard's influence can also be inferred, especially in the ending, which affirms both the world's meaninglessness and the meaningfulness of striving for God.
Adaptations.
Stage.
The poem is quite suitable for the stage, albeit a bit lengthy. German, Czech and Polish theaters have staged adaptations. Graphic illustrations created for historic and contemporary printed editions, as well as stage sketches are of outstanding artistic value. A feature-length animated film was domestically produced in the 1970s. A non-animated version entitled "Angyali üdvözlet" (The Annunciation) was released in 1984, in which children play all the characters. There are also two operas based on the play: a two-act mystery opera ("Az ember tragédiája") by the Hungarian composer György Ránki and a very large-scale work by the English composer Clive Strutt ("The Tragedy of Man").
Animation.
Marcell Jankovics has directed a series of short films based on the scenes, produced from 1989 to 2009 at Pannonia Film Studio and in non-chronological order. It was finally released as a 155-minute feature in 2011.
External links.
Translations:
Illustrations:
Adaptations:

</doc>
<doc id="9635295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635295" title="Macon Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Macon Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Macon Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 208 and it contained 95 housing units. Macon Township changed its name from Jefferson Township in June, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these four cemeteries: Bunker Hills Cemetery, Mount Pleasant, Walnut Grove and Wood Family.

</doc>
<doc id="9635301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635301" title="Stryker High School">
Stryker High School

Stryker High School is a public high school in Stryker, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Stryker Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Panthers. They are members of the Buckeye Border Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9635331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635331" title="Arthur Colahan">
Arthur Colahan

Arthur Nicholas Whistler Colahan (12 August 1884 – 15 September 1952) was an Irish doctor, British Army officer and songwriter
Born in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Ireland his family moved to Galway, where he grew up.
Colahan was descended from the Ó hUllacháin family of Lusmagh parish, formerly part of the Síol Anmchadha territory ruled by the Ó Maddan family. The townland of 'Baile Mhac Uallacháin' or Ballymacoolahan (near Banagher) recalls their name. One bearer of the name, Gillafin Mac Coulahan, ruled Síol Anmchadha from 1096 to 1101. John O'Donovan recorded a pedigree of the family covering ten generations from the late 16th century to 1843.
Arthur was the eldest child of Professor Nicholas Whistler Colahan (1853-1930) and Elisabeth Quinn of Limerick (b.c.1866). After Arthur was born Ethel (1885–91) Randolph (aka Roland, 1892-1913), Mary (b. 1895), Annie Elzie (b. 1896) and Elizabeth Grace Colohan (born 1897, married Richard Quinn in 1929).
His father was the son of Professor Nicholas Colohan (1806-1890) and Sarah Whistler (1814–49). Their children were John (b. 1836), Frances (b. 1843), William H.W., and Nicholas.
After completing his secondary education at The 'Bish', he enrolled at University College Dublin in 1900, did an Arts degree and then studied medicine. He transferred to University College Galway and graduated in 1913. He was a member of the college Literary and Debating Society and participated in drama.
He began his medical career in the County Infirmary in Galway, and then moved to Holles Street. He joined the Royal Army Medical Corps, and was badly affected by mustard gas in India. After the war he settled in Leicester, where he spent the rest of his career as a neurological specialist.
Colahan was also a composer of popular songs. His most famous work is Galway Bay, which popularised by Bing Crosby, was the biggest selling record of all time at one stage. Theories abound as to where the song was written or where it was first heard. Some say it was in the home of Dr Morris at 1 Montpelier Terrace, while others believe it was in The Vicars Croft on Taylor's Hill, from where one could see Galway Bay.
Other songs written by Colahan included "Maccushla Mine", "Asthoreen Bawn", "Until God's Day", "The Kylemore Pass" and "The Claddagh Ring".
He was a relative of John Fallon Colohan, John Colohan, and Colin Colohan.

</doc>
<doc id="9635344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635344" title="Manlius Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Manlius Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Manlius Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 653 and it contained 307 housing units. Manlius Township changed its name from Green River Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these three cemeteries: Follett, Manlius and Sand Hill Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="9635376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635376" title="Search advertising">
Search advertising

In Internet Marketing, Search Advertising is a method of placing online advertisements on Web pages that show results from search engine queries. Through the same search-engine advertising services, ads can also be placed on Web pages with other published. 
Search advertisements are targeted to match key search terms (called keywords) entered on search engines. This targeting ability has contributed to the attractiveness of search advertising for advertisers. Consumers will often use a search engine to identify and compare purchasing options immediately before making a purchasing decision. The opportunity to present consumers with advertisements tailored to their immediate buying interests encourages consumers to click on search ads instead of unpaid search results, which are often less relevant. Unpaid search results are also called organic results.
__TOC__
Origins.
It's believed that Yahoo! first introduced a stand-alone search advertising buy. In 1996, Chip Royce, head of online marketing for InterZine Productions of Boca Raton, Florida, approached Yahoo!'s sales agent (Flycast Communications) suggesting ads around keyword results to provide a more effective, targeted advertising within Yahoo!'s search results. Yahoo! obliged placing targeted ad banners when the keyword "Golf" was searched by Yahoo! users. Yahoo! later turned this opportunity into a formal marketing program for its entire customer base and promoted this in a July 1996 article in the now defunct ' magazine.
Keywords.
Search advertising is sold and delivered on the basis of keywords. The user of a search engine enters keywords to make queries. A keyword may consist of more than one word.
Search engines conduct running auctions to sell ads according to bids received for keywords and relative relevance of user keywords to ads in the inventory. The keyword “home mortgage refinancing" is more expensive than one that is in less demand, such as “used bicycle tires.” Profit potential of the keywords also plays into bids for ads that advertisers want displayed when the keywords are searched by the user. For example, "used book" may be a popular keyword but may have low profit potential and the advertiser bids will reflect that.
Search engines build indexes of Web pages using a Web crawler. When the publisher of a Web page arranges with a search engine firm to have ads served up on that page, the search engine applies their indexing technology to associate the content of that page with keywords. Those keywords are then fed into the same auctioning system that is used by advertisers to buy ads on both search engine results pages. Advertising based on keywords in the surrounding content or context is referred to as Contextual advertising. This is usually less profitable than search advertising which is based on user intent expressed through their keywords. 
Advertisers can choose whether to buy ads on search result pages (search advertising), published content pages (contextual advertising), or both. Bids on the same keywords are usually higher in search advertising than in contextual advertising.
Metrics.
Search advertising activities can be measured in five ways:
CPM: Cost per thousand viewers was the original method used for pricing online advertisements. CPM remains the most common method for pricing banner ads. 
CTR: Click-through rates measure the number of times an ad is clicked as a percentage of views of the Web page on which the ad appears. Banner ads have CTRs that are generally 0.5 percent or less. In comparison, individual search engine ads can have CTRs of 10 percent, even though they appear alongside organic search results and competing paid search advertisements.
CPA: Cost per action quantifies costs for completing specified activities such as attracting a new customer or making a sale. Affiliate networks operate on a CPA basis. CPA systems function most effectively when sales cycles are short and easily tracked. Longer sales cycles rely on exposure to multiple types of ads to create brand awareness and purchasing interest before a sale is made. Longer sales cycles and sales requiring multiple customer contacts can be difficult to track, leading to a reluctance by publishers to participate in CPA programs beyond initial lead generation. 
CPC: Cost per click tracks the cost of interacting with a client or potential client. In traditional marketing, CPC is viewed as a one-way process of reaching target audiences through means such as direct mail, radio ads and television ads. Search advertising provides opportunities for two-way contacts through web-based chat, Internet-based calls, call-back requests or mailing list sign-ups. There are some guidelines to establish minimum acceptable counting procedure for clicks. Each and every click has a life cycle which is known as click referral cycle. It comprises four stages: Initiated click, Measured click, Received click and Resolved click.
TM: Total minutes is a metric being used by Nielsen/NetRatings to measure total time spent on a Web page rather than the number of Web page views. On July 10, 2007, Nielsen announced that they would be relying on TM as their primary metric for measuring Web page popularity, due to changes in the way Web pages provide content through audio and video streaming and by refreshing the same page without totally reloading it. Page refreshes are one aspect of Rich Internet Applications (RIA). RIA technologies include AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) and Microsoft Silverlight. 
Methodological questions regarding the use of total minutes for search advertising include how to account for Internet users that keep several browser windows open simultaneously, or who simply leave one window open unattended for long periods of time. Another question involves tracking total minutes on HTML pages that are stateless and do therefore do not generate server-side data on the length of time that they are viewed.
Campaign Management.
Search engine advertisements are purchased on the basis of keywords. Ad buyers engage in running actions for keywords, with popular keywords costing several dollars per click through. 
Search engines use algorithms to determine the position of ads according to click through rates. Ads with poor click through rates can be pushed down to the bottom of the first page of search results or onto subsequent pages. Even though advertisers are only paying for click throughs, the algorithms assigning ad positions based on ad popularity provide incentives for optimizing keyword selection and other cost control measures. Without cost control measures, it is possible for ad buyers to spend twenty five to fifty percent of their ad budget ineffectively. 
Cost control measures can include:

</doc>
<doc id="9635378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635378" title="Oulder Hill Community School">
Oulder Hill Community School

Oulder Hill Community School High School is a mixed gender comprehensive community secondary school for 11–16 year olds, located in Rochdale in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, England.
History.
Merger with Rydings Special School.
In 2004 the school announced plans of a merger between Oulder Hill Community High School and Rydings Special School, a local school for children with disabilities. The merger involved a completely reinvented school. The rebuild began in 2005 and finished in 2008. It involved a rebuild of the current site as well as an entirely new building on the old playing fields and tennis courts.
The Oulder Hill School building remains with the same name and the school behind Oulder Hill (Rydings Special School) has been named Redwood Secondary school. The building is now owned by OPERON and Oulder Hill pays one million pounds a year to rent the school between 6am - 6pm.
Sixth form.
Once a thriving part of the school, Oulder Hill sixth form suffered a decline from the year 2000 onwards. The schools sixth form was closed to new students when Rochdale Sixth Form College opened in September 2010. The sixth form had about 150 students attending before closure, but when the sixth form was first established it had over 600 pupils. 
International links.
Oulder Hill has links with schools in Rome, Italy, Northern Ireland, Germany and Spain. During the last trip to Rome, pupils spent a day in lessons with Italian pupils at the school's link school Liceo Luciano Manara.

</doc>
<doc id="9635399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635399" title="Lusk, Dublin">
Lusk, Dublin

Lusk () is a small town in Ireland, north of Dublin city centre. The name "Lusk" is said to date back to Saint MacCullin, who founded a church there c. 450. Oral tradition suggests MacCullin may have either lived in or been buried in a cave and that the name "Lusk" derives from an old Irish word "Lusca" meaning 'cave' or 'underground chamber'. MacCullin died in c. 497 and his feast day was the 6th of September. The area was known as Bregia in pre-Christian times and is known to have been birthplace to Cú Chulainn's wife, Emer. Thus we find a 20th-century tradition among old Lusk families of naming daughters Emer.
In the 2000s, Lusk had an exploding population. The Central Statistical Office notes that 62% of all private dwellings in Lusk were built in the five years between 2001 and 2006. Census figures for the same period show a population boom from c. 2500 to over 5200. During most of the 20th century, the population remained fairly static. Census returns for 1901 and 1911 show a population boom from about 300 to 600. In the early 1950s, the Survey Gazetteer of The British Isles quotes a population of 513 for the village. Due to massive emigration in the 1950s and 1960s the later population actually declined. In the mid-1950s for instance, the total number of children in the old NS, boys and girls, hovered around 120. The present NS opened in 1956 with about that number.
The railway station of Rush & Lusk is about 1 mile east and is shared with the coastal settlement of Rush.
History.
As mentioned above the settlement has been associated with St. MacCullin since c. AD 450. The place also had associations with St. Maur, who nowadays connects with Rush (RosEo). The ruins of St. Maur's original church, or more likely its later replacement, are at the top of Whitestown hill, firmly in the parish of Rush. Lusk was plundered and burned several times in the 8th and 9th centuries by marauding Vikings, who eventually built a permanent settlement at Dubh Linn now Dublin.
The only tangible remnant of the early Christian foundation at Lusk is the round tower. It stands 27 m high (originally some 32 m high) which retains its original conical cap or so it seems, as the modern trap-door onto the rooftop suggests otherwise. Inside are nine 'floors' including the basement, which are likely to be due to unrecorded 'improvements' in or after the Middle Ages. The flat-headed doorway, which originally would have been some above the ground is now less than 1 m above ground level. The tower either sunk or was buried some 4 m over the centuries. The Round Tower is adjacent to a Norman square tower built against it in the 15th century. This building has three matching towers at its corners and is beautifully represented by the 18th-century picture below. The square tower holds several medieval tombs including that of James Bermingham (1527) and the double-effigy tomb of Christopher Barnewall and his wife Marion Sherle (1589).
Fingal is the name given to that part of present day North County Dublin bounded by the Tolka River to the south and the Delvin River to the north. Fingal is considerably older than Dublin City, which was established by the Norsemen c. 900 AD around the 'dubh linn' or black pool. Before Christendom and St. MacCullin, the area was the Celtic "Bregia", birthplace of Cú Chullain's wife, Emer whose clan resided in or near what we now know as Lusk.
The round tower at Lusk was built by 9th-century Christians in an attempt to foil the Vikings, who were interested not only in the easy pickings but also the inhabitants themselves as a source of slave labour. As an interesting aside, a world-famous pipe band formed in 1910 and still as strong is named the Black Raven Pipe Band. The black raven was very special to the Vikings. Iceland Daughter of Fire; Katharine Scherman 1976. The entrance door to Lusk Round Tower, as with all such towers, was originally 4–5 m above ground. Ladders were used to reach the entrance and then pulled up. (Refer to similar round towers at Glendalough, Ardmore, and Clonmacnoise.)
Lusca Irish Wine named after the Irish for Lusk, by Llewellyns Orchard, is one of the few Irish Wine producer using grapes grown grapes in Ireland.
On 26 May 2005 there was an attempted armed robbery of Lusk Post office, Main St. During this attempted robbery two gang members were shot dead by Gardaí. The total incident lasted 21 seconds. In 2007 a third gang member was given a 10 year jail sentence for his role in the deadly raid www.independent.ie.
Civic elements.
There are four national schools in the area: Lusk NS, Hedgestown NS, Corduff NS and Rush and Lusk "Educate Together".
Lusk is a village and a parish. The population of the village has quadrupled since the millennium and may continue to do so in spite of the current recession with new people from the EU, Africa, South America and many parts of Asia.
Lusk has always been an active village and the tradition not only persists but has added to its activity opportunities with a vengeance. The village accommodates a Soccer club, a GAA club (The Round Towers), a judo club, a motorcycle club, a pipe band (the Black Raven), a ladies club (I.C.A.), kick-boxing club and card players (i.e. whist, bridge, and poker). It goes on to include a farmers club, a heritage group, a historical society, a Tidy Towns group, a number of golf societies. Those interested in vintage cars, chess, tractors, scouts, machinery, photography, darts, pool, ballet dancing, ballroom dancing, Irish dancing and amateur dramatics are all catered for. Power Drama School opened in 2012 and provides weekly classes in Drama, Dance & Singing for children between the ages of 6-17 (www.powerdramaschool.com) .There is also a kennel club, huntsmen on horseback, a senior citizens group, horse and dog racing groups, St Vincent de Paul Society, Meals on Wheels. Lusk has something for everyone.
Lusk Community Council Ltd (LCC) was set up to look after the village (as it was then) and liaise with local government and councillors. LCC is a voluntary organisation whose responsibility has been to manage the Carnegie Library hall and the Old Church hall by the round tower. They also run the St Patrick’s Day parade each year.

</doc>
<doc id="9635412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635412" title="Milo Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Milo Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Milo Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 207 and it contained 80 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Boyds Grove and Milo.

</doc>
<doc id="9635421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635421" title="Jean Fugett">
Jean Fugett

Jean Schloss Fugett, Jr. (born December 16, 1951 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League. He played eight seasons from 1972-1979 for the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins and was selected to the Pro Bowl after the 1977 season.
Early years.
Fugett attended Cardinal Gibbons School, where he started playing football as a senior, becoming a two-way player (tight end and defensive end). He graduated in 1968 and was named the Baltimore Catholic Athlete of the Year, the first black athlete to be given the award.
He accepted a scholarship to Amherst College, because he wanted to go to a school where he could play both basketball and football. He received Little All-American honors in 1971.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Fugett was selected in the thirteenth round of the 1972 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys. The Cowboys carried only two tight ends on the roster back in those years, but saw potential in the 20 year-old rookie and made and exception by adding him as the third one. The next year, Billy Joe DuPree was drafted in the first round of the 1973 NFL Draft and became an instant starter at tight end.
In 1975, he started 9 games an was the team's second leading receiver (behind Drew Pearson), with 38 receptions for 488 yards and 3 touchdowns. He also started Super Bowl X against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Washington Redskins.
After the courts ruled in favor of the National Football League Players Association, a new form of free agency was briefly instituted in 1976. Fugett signed as a free agent with the Washington Redskins and was looked upon as the replacement of former All-Pro Jerry Smith. 
In 1977, he registered 36 receptions for 631 yards and 5 touchdowns. At the end of the year, he was tied with the St. Louis Cardinals' J. V. Cain in Pro Bowl votes, but edged him based on the team records.
In 1979, he was limited with a knee injury and was replaced in the starting lineup with rookie Don Warren. He retired in 1980, after he did not receive a contract offer from the Redskins.
Personal life.
During his time with the Redskins, Fugett earned his JD at the George Washington University Law School attending school only at night. After his eighth year as an all pro tight end in the NFL and passing the Maryland State Bar exam, he made the decision of joining his older brother Reginald Lewis in business.
While working with Lewis Fugett largely contributed the founding of TLC Group in 1983. From there he served as Director and Vice-Chair of the McCall Pattern Company Management Committee, as founding partner of a Baltimore law firm, and as a partner with Fanfone in Europe. After the death of his brother in 1993, Fugett took over TLC Beatrice International Foods, the largest black-owned and black managed business in the United States at the time. At its peak, TLC Beatrice had $2.2 billion in sales and was number 512 on Fortune magazine’s list of 1,000 largest.
In addition to his law practice, Fugett is the most recent past President of the Retired Players Steering Committee of the National Football League Players Association, as legal counsel and advisor to Wall Street investment services firm GFS Acquisition Partners, Managing Director of Axum Capital Partners, and on the Leadership Council for the American Diabetes Association Maryland Chapter. Fugett is currently working on his memoirs to be published in the near future.
Fugett currently resides in Baltimore Maryland, living with wife Carlotta. He has two sons and one daughter. The oldest son Joseph "Russell" Fugett, followed by Audie Fugett and Reginald Fugett. 

</doc>
<doc id="9635439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635439" title="Mineral Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Mineral Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Mineral Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 484 and it contained 241 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.61%) is land and (or 0.39%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Mineral Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9635484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635484" title="Story Like a Scar">
Story Like a Scar

Story Like a Scar is an album by The New Amsterdams released on March 21, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9635494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635494" title="Chandongja Park">
Chandongja Park

Chandongja Park is a multi-use stadium in Chongjin, North Korea. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Ch'ŏngjin Chandongcha. The stadium holds 15,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9635498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635498" title="Aída Alberti">
Aída Alberti

Aída Alberti (1915—2006) was an Argentine film actress of the 1940s and 1950s.
She entered film in 1938 in "Pampa y cielo" followed by Atorrante in 1939.
In 1946 she appeared in Albergue de mujeres with Orestes Caviglia.

</doc>
<doc id="9635506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635506" title="Western Kaesong Park">
Western Kaesong Park

Western Kaesong Park is a multi-use stadium in Kaesong, North Korea. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Kaesong Power. The stadium holds 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9635509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635509" title="Neponset Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Neponset Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Neponset Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 742 and it contained 339 housing units. Neponset Township changed its name from Brawby Township on March 5, 1866.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
The southern and eastern parts of the township form part of the Illinois River watershed, the headwaters of Spoon River arising in the northeast portion of the township. The northwest portion of Neponset township is drained by Mud Creek which flows into Green River, itself a tributary of the Rock River.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Floral Hill and Neponset.

</doc>
<doc id="9635528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635528" title="Demetrios Kydones">
Demetrios Kydones

Demetrios Kydones, Latinized as Demetrius Cydones or Demetrius Cydonius (; 1324 in Thessalonica - 1398 in Crete), was a Byzantine theologian, translator, writer and influential statesman, who served an unprecedented three terms as "Mesazon" (Imperial Prime Minister or Chancellor) of the Byzantine Empire under three successive emperors: John VI Kantakouzenos, John V Palaiologos and Manuel II Palaiologos.
As Imperial Premier, Kydones' "West-Politik" effort during his second and third stints was to bring about a reconciliation of the Byzantine and Roman Churches, in order to cement a military alliance against the ever-encroaching Islam, a program that culminated in Emperor John V Palaiologos' reconciliation with Catholicism.
His younger brother and somewhat-collaborator in his efforts was the noted anti-Palamite theologian Prochoros Kydones.
Career.
First Premiership.
Kydones was initially a student of the Greek classical scholar, philosopher and Palamite Nilos Kabasilas. Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos, a staunch follower of Palamism, the Hesychast or Quietist doctrine of Gregory Palamas, had befriended Demetrios Kydones as a young man and had employed him as his Imperial Premier or Mesazon (1347–1354) at the age of 23; at the Emperor's request, Kydones began to translate Western polemical works against Islam, such as the writings of the Dominican Ricoldo da Monte Croce, from Latin into Greek, and which the Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos used as references in his own writings against Muhammad and Islam (although his own daughter was married to the Turkish Muslim Emir Orhan of Bithynia). At Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos' urging, Kydones acquired knowledge of Latin, and learned to speak, read and write it well. This led Kydones to undertake a deeper study of Latin theology, particularly St. Thomas Aquinas, and he attempted to introduce his compatriots to Thomistic Scholasticism by translating some of Aquinas' writings into Greek. John VI Kantakouzenos also encouraged him in his Latin studies and he himself read some Thomist literature. However, this put Demetrios Kydones on a journey that eventually ended with his conversion to Catholicism.
Anxious to concentrate on his Latin studies, Kydones retired for a time to private life from the Imperial Premiership in 1354, just before John V Palaiologos succeeded in ousting John VI Kantakouzenos.
When Kydones entered the service of Emperor John V Palaiologos, as he soon did, he remained friendly to his former employer Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos. On the other hand, he found himself unable or unwilling to follow John VI Kantakouzenos into his Palamism, preferring the more logical and intelligible Thomism.
His younger brother Prochoros Kydones was a monk on Mt. Athos, and he too learned Latin, but did not follow Demetrios to Rome. Prochoros admired and translated some of the works of Augustine of Hippo and Thomas Aquinas, but parted company with Kantakouzenos by becoming an argumentative anti-Palamite.
On retiring from public office in 1354, Demetrios Kydones went to Italy where he studied the writings of the leading medieval philosophical theologians, and made Greek translations of the major works of Western writers, including tracts by Augustine of Hippo (5th century) and Thomas Aquinas' "Summa theologica". By 1365 he had made a profession of faith in the Catholic Church.
Second Premiership.
In 1369, Emperor John V Palaiologos recalled Kydones to Constantinople and named him Imperial Prime Minister or "Mesazon", the second time he held this position, 1369-1383. At the same time, Patriarch Philotheos Kokkinos of Constantinople was removed and his deposed predecessor Patriarch Kallistos of Constantinople restored. At that point, things began to take a bad turn for the Palamites. John V did not cherish such tender feelings towards them as did Kantakouzenos and his son the
Emperor Matthew Kantakouzenos; instead, he saw their doctrines as an obstacle to the union of the Churches which he envisaged as a way of obtaining help from the Pope and Western rulers against the Turks. Thus, the persecuting measures that had been taken against the Anti-Palamites after the synod of Blachernae of 1351 were rescinded, and Nikephoros Gregoras was able to come and go freely to his cloister. In the course of the year 1355, the Emperor John V Palaiologos called Nikephoros Gregoras to hold a public disputation with Gregory Palamas, in his own presence and that of the papal legate, Paul of Smyrna. In the ensuing years, the imperial government of John V Palaiologos refused to involve itself, in a practical way, in the intestine quarrel that still divided minds; but the patriarch and the episcopate were henceforth wedded to the new dogmas of Palamism or Hesychasm, and sanctions of a religious nature continued to be leveled against anyone who showed hostility to them. One of these sanctions was the deprivation of church burial.
Patriarch Kallistos, who died in August 1363, was succeeded once again by Philotheos Kokkinos on February 12, 1364; Kokkinos had been reconciled with John V Palaiologos through the good offices of Demetrios Kydones as part of an agreement restoring Philotheos Kokkinos to the Patriarchy; according to the terms of this agreement, Patriarch Philotheos was to allow those who did not subscribe to the Palamite doctrine to live in peace. But Philotheos, a fervent disciple of Palamas, did not keep his promise for long, and in 1368 he moved to crack down on Demetrios Kydones' own brother Prochoros, a monk and priest at Mount Athos. It is true that Prochoros was a formidable adversary to the Palamites. Possessing a good knowledge of Latin, very well versed in Augustinian and Thomistic theology, and practiced in Aristotelian dialectic, he demolished the theses of the hesychast theologian (Gregory Palamas) with astonishing ease and clarity. It is to him, and not to Gregory Akindynos that one must ascribe the work "De essentia et operatione", in six books, of which only the first and the beginning of the second have been published (cf. PG 151, 1191–1242). It gives a true summary of Thomistic theology; Barlaam of Seminara himself never wrote anything as plain and forceful.
Prochoros composed other treatises and shorter works ("On the light of Tabor," "On the Anti-Barlaamite Synodal Tome of 1351," etc.), and turned many Athonites away from Palamism.
Accused before Patriarch Philotheos Kokkinos and called to adhere to official Palamite orthodoxy, he continued to argue against it and to throw his opponents into inextricable quandaries.
Finally, in April 1368, Philotheos Kokkinos gathered a synod against Prochoros Kydones. In spite of the delicate handling he received and the delays that were employed to bring him back to his senses, he remained unshakable in his convictions, and appeared a number of times more or less openly to mock his judges. In the end, they pronounced against him in his absence — for he did not show up at the final session — a sentence of excommunication and of perpetual suspension from the priesthood. A long tome was put together on that occasion; its contents are very curious, and it concludes with a decree declaring the canonization of Gregory Palamas.
The Tome of 1368 brings to an end the series of Palamite councils, with the Greek Church's canonization of Palamas, and with the establishment of the second Sunday of Lent as his feast, confirming once more the triumph of his doctrine in the Greek Church. The doctrine nevertheless met with strong opposition, even during the latter part of the fourteenth century, by authors like John Kyparissiotes and Manuel Kalekas, who continued the earlier critiques of Palamism by men like Gregory Akindynos and Nikephoros Gregoras. Contrary to Byzantine tradition, the reigning emperor, John V Palaiologos, unable to accept the Palamite dogma, distanced himself from his Church's own theology and eventually abandoned it by making profession in 1369 of the Catholic faith.
In the spring of 1369 John V Palaiologos set sail from Constantinople with Demetrios Kydones and a large retinue. The destination was Italy; their immediate goal was to meet with Pope Urban V and his cardinals in Rome. The purpose of that extraordinary journey, however, and the subsequent meetings between Pope and Emperor in the fall of that year, was twofold: to assure Pope Urban V that the Byzantine Emperor was no longer a schismatic, and to persuade the Pope and his Curia to support a new military initiative that would aid the Byzantines in fending off the ever-increasing threat to the Empire from the Ottoman Turks.
Kydones' efforts culminated in Emperor John V's profession of faith as a Catholic in the presence of the Pope and cardinals in Rome on October 18, 1369.
However, with the weakening of Byzantine resistance to the Turks, Kydones retired to private life about 1383. In 1390 he journeyed to Venice, which helped introduce Greek culture to Italy, and is credited with fostering the nascent Renaissance. He formed, moreover, the nucleus of a group of Byzantine intellectuals that strove to defend and propagate Uniatism, the return of the Greek Church to Catholic Unity.
Third Premiership.
Recalled to Constantinople in 1391 by his former pupil Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos, the son of Emperor John V Palaiologos, Kydones resumed the position of Prime Minister ("Mesazon"), but in 1396 hostility to his Catholicism compelled him to retire permanently to the island of Crete, then ruled by the Venetians. He died there the following year, in 1398.
Anti-Palamism.
With the support of his younger brother Prochoros, Demetrios opposed as polytheistic or pantheistic the Palamites' system of Hesychasm, a form of Quietism, the belief in a life of contemplation and uninterrupted prayer, taught by the Eastern Orthodox monks of Mount Athos and articulated by the 14th-century ascetic theologian Gregory Palamas. Applying Aristotelian logic to Hesychasm (sometimes said to have its roots in Plato ), the Kydones brothers accused Palamas of pantheism or polytheism, only to be condemned themselves by three successive Palamite synods that also canonized Palamas and Hesychasm.
His reply to the Hesychasts upon his excommunication under Patriarch Philotheos Kokkinos is a classic of Catholic polemic against Hesychasm. He is the author of the moral philosophical essay "De contemnenda morte" ("On Despising Death"), an "Apologia" for his conversion to Catholicism, and a voluminous collection of 447 letters, valuable for the history of Byzantine relations with the West.
One of the principal documentary sources for Byzantium's gradual submission to the Turks is Kydones' "Symbouleutikoi" ("Exhortations"), vainly urging the Byzantine people to unite with the Latins in order to resist the Turkish onslaught; these fervent appeals give a clear picture of the hopeless position of the Byzantine Empire in about the year 1370.
Against the Greek Schism.
Kydones' most famous statement against the Greeks who opposed his efforts at reuniting the East and the West is from his "Apologia":

</doc>
<doc id="9635546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635546" title="Religion in Poland">
Religion in Poland

Most of the population of Poland is Christian with 86.7% to 91% of the population belonging to the Roman Catholic Church, a numerical dominance resulting from the German Holocaust of Polish Jews, the flight of German Protestants from the Soviet army at the end of World War II and the Soviet annexation of the mostly Orthodox and Byzantine Catholic Eastern Poland and Protestant Cieszyn Silesia and Warmia-Masuria.
Catholicism plays an important role in the lives of many Poles and the Roman Catholic Church in Poland enjoys social prestige and political influence. The Church is widely respected by its members, who see it as a symbol of Polish heritage and culture. Poland is the most Catholic country in Europe except for Malta with a higher proportion of Catholics than Italy, Spain and Ireland. The rest of the population consists mainly of Eastern Orthodox (504,150 believers, Polish and Belarussian), various Protestant churches (about 145,600, with the largest being the Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Poland with 61,738 members) and Jehovah's Witnesses (129,270). Other religions practiced in Poland include Islam and Judaism.
History.
From the beginning of its statehood, different religions coexisted in Poland. With the baptism of Poland in 966, the old pagan religions soon disappeared over the next few centuries; however Christian Poles coexisted with a significant Jewish segment of the population. In the 15th century, the Hussite Wars and the pressure from the Vatican caused tensions to rise between Catholics and emerging Protestants after the Edict of Wieluń (1424). The Protestant movement however gained a significant following in Poland, and while Catholicism retained a dominant position, the liberal Warsaw Confederation (1573) guaranteed wide religious tolerance. Resulting counter-reformation eventually succeeded in reducing the scope of tolerance by late 17th and early 18th century, as evidenced by events such as the Tumult of Torun (1724). When Poland lost the last vestiges of its independence to foreign invaders in 1795, Poles were subjected to religious discrimination for 123 years under German rule and Imperial Russia.
According to a 2011 survey by Ipsos MORI 85% of the Poles are Christians, 8% are irreligious, atheist or agnostic, 2% adhere to unspecified other religions, and 5% did not give an answer to the question.
The Polish Constitution and religion.
According to Poland's Constitution freedom of religion is ensured to everyone. It also allows for national and ethnic minorities to have the right to establish educational and cultural institutions, institutions designed to protect religious identity, as well as to participate in the resolution of matters connected with their cultural identity.
Religious organizations in the Republic of Poland can register their institution with the Ministry of Interior and Administration creating a record of churches and other religious organizations who operate under separate Polish laws. This registration is not necessary; however, it is beneficial when it comes to serving the freedom of religious practice laws.
The Slavic Rodzimowiercy groups, registered with the Polish authorities in 1995, are the Native Polish Church (Rodzimy Kościół Polski) which represents a pagan tradition that goes back to Władysław Kołodziej’s 1921 Holy Circle of Worshipper of Światowid (Święte Koło Czcicieli Światowida), and the Polish Slavic Church (Polski Kościół Słowiański), There's also the Native Faith Association (Zrzeszenie Rodzimej Wiary, ZRW), and the Association for Tradition and Culture "Niklot" (founded in 1998).
Level of religious observance.
According to the most recent Eurobarometer Poll 2010:
According to the most recent CBOS opinion poll published in the fall of 2008:
Major denominations in Poland.
Sources
There are roughly 125 other minor religions and faith groups registered in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9635549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635549" title="Ohio Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Ohio Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Ohio Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 823 and it contained 383 housing units. Ohio Township changed its name from Richland Township in June, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Ohio and Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9635563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635563" title="Coincya monensis subsp. monensis">
Coincya monensis subsp. monensis

The Isle of Man cabbage ("Coincya monensis" subsp. "monensis") is a species of Brassicaceae or cabbage plant that is found in coastal habitats on the west of the island of Great Britain (from north Devon to Kintyre) and around the coasts of the Isle of Man.
Conservation status.
The species is thought to naturally occur in only 22 localities and is endemic to the British Isles. It is listed as a nationally scarce British species and is in serious risk of extinction. The species was once abundant on the Isle of Man, hence its name, however, for an unknown reason its population has collapsed to only a few individual and isolated plants. On the Isle of Man, the Manx Wildlife Trust began propagating the species in their greenhouses in 2006. It is hoped that this will halt the decline of the species and prevent its extinction.
Habitat.
The plant prefers light (sandy), medium (loamy) and heavy (clay) soils, which must be well-drained yet moist. The plant can grow in acidic, neutral and alkaline soils, in semi-shade (light woodland) or no shade. "C. m. monensis" needs mobile sand dunes where wind or other erosion prevents thick vegetation cover and allows areas free from vegetation cover for "C. m. monensis" to colonise. Trampling by walkers can help achieve this habitat, hence "C. m. monensis" can often be found growing along footpaths through coastal dunes.
Biology.
The Isle of Man cabbage, a dicot plant is biennial and grows to a height of 0.3 metre. It forms rosettes than can be up to a metre in diameter. The flowers have four leaves, are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects. "C. m. monensis" flowers from April.
Taxonomy.
Other (sub)species in the Genus "Coincya" are the Lundy cabbage "Coincya wrighti" and the Star mustard "Coincya monensis" spp. "recurvata". The star mustard, a plant introduced to eight U.S. states, is the same species as the Isle of Man cabbage but a different subspecies. It may have been introduced to the US as the Isle of Man cabbage and subsequently evolved through the founder effect and geographic isolation into a new subspecies.
The Manx name for the species is , literally 'Manx cabbage'. Outside the British Isles, the Isle of Man cabbage is also known as the star mustard, wallflower cabbage, tall wallflower cabbage and coincya.
In its scientific name, the specific descriptor is Latin for "Manx". In Latin, the Isle of Man is called .

</doc>
<doc id="9635571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635571" title="Sebastian J. F.">
Sebastian J. F.

Sebastian J. F. is an Austrian film director.

</doc>
<doc id="9635578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635578" title="American Princes">
American Princes

American Princes is an indie rock band from Little Rock, AR. The band started in 2003 when David Slade, then-bassist John Beachboard and drummer Matthew Quin moved to Little Rock from New York City. Within their first year in Arkansas, they met guitarist Collins Kilgore and released their first album, "We Are the People," on Max Recordings. In 2004, after their first national tour, American Princes released their second album, "Little Spaces," also on Max Recordings. Luke Hunsicker (Sugar and the Raw) joined the 2004 tour in support of "Little Spaces".
In 2005, the band signed with Yep Roc Records and went into Richmond’s Sound of Music studio with producer Alan Weatherhead to record their most recent album "Less and Less". Since the release of "Less and Less" some of the bands American Princes have shared the stage with include The Flaming Lips, The Roots, Big Star, The Hold Steady, Spoon, De La Soul, Lucero, Catfish Haven, John Doe, The Apples in Stereo, and others. In 2006 guitarist Will Boyd joined the band, and in the Summer of 2007 the band began work on their fourth album with producer Chuck Brody (Wu Tang Clan, Northern State) in New York.
In January 2007 Magnet Magazine released their Best Albums of 2006 list on which "Less and Less" appeared as number 17. American Princes' 2008 release "Other People" was voted #1 on Magnet Magazine's Best Albums of 2008 list.
Bassist Luke Hunsicker died of brain cancer in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9635588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635588" title="Princeton Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Princeton Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Princeton Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 9,331 and it contained 4,432 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these four cemeteries: Elm Lawn, Jenkins-Green, Oakland and Woodlawn-Stoner.

</doc>
<doc id="9635590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635590" title="Larry Milberry">
Larry Milberry

Larry Milberry (born 1943) is a Canadian aviation author and publisher.
Milberry is a lifelong aviation enthusiast whose first book, "Aviation in Canada", was published by McGraw-Hill in 1979. Now an aviation classic, this book was written over a decade while he worked as a high school teacher in the Toronto District Catholic School Board. He ended his teaching career to start CANAV Books, his one-man publishing operation, in 1980. He has since authored, co-authored or edited 21 books on Canadian aviation history, including many of the best-known reference books on the subject. 
Milberry's research has taken him to all parts of Canada and to many overseas destinations. Although never a pilot, he has flown in more than 100 types from the Ford Trimotor to the Noorduyn Norseman, C-130 Hercules, CF-18 Hornet, Pitts Special, Sikorsky Skycrane and the giant Antonov 124.
His contribution to aviation in Canada was recognized in 2004, when he was inducted into] Canada's Aviation Hall of Fame. Milberry is an honorary Snowbird and a long-time member of the Canadian Aviation Historical Society.
Larry Milberry lives in The Beaches in Toronto. He has four children: Matthew, Kate, Simon and Stephanie.

</doc>
<doc id="9635600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635600" title="Valley of the Kings (EP)">
Valley of the Kings (EP)

Valley of the Kings is an EP released in 1997 by the German power metal band Gamma Ray prior to the release of their album "Somewhere Out in Space". This was the first release from Gamma Ray featuring Henjo Richter on guitar and Dan Zimmerman on drums.

</doc>
<doc id="9635610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635610" title="South Ham">
South Ham

South Ham is a district and ward of Basingstoke, to the west of the town centre.
It takes its name from South Ham Farm, which was once the major farm in the area but was demolished in the early 1960s. Parts of the area were developed for Council Housing in both the 1930s and 1950s when Western Way, one of the principal roads was built. The majority of development took place in the late 1960s, when the Basingstoke was developed as an overspill town for London. South Ham has a number of roads named after royalty, authors and saints.
South Ham has four schools (Aldworth Science College, Park View Infants and Juniors, St. Anne's Catholic Primary School and Bishop Challoner Catholic Secondary School), a library, a dental practice and surgery and several churches.

</doc>
<doc id="9635623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635623" title="Westbury Park">
Westbury Park

Westbury Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9635624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635624" title="Canton of Montmélian">
Canton of Montmélian

The Canton of Montmélian is a canton located within the Savoie department of France. 
Elected to represent the canton in the General Council of Savoie" : 
Area.
It is composed of the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="9635630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635630" title="Selby Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Selby Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Selby Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,536 and it contained 971 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.42%) is land and (or 0.58%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these six cemeteries: Artestian Well, De Pue Village, Evangelical and Reformed, Hollowayville, Saint Johns Lutheran and Searl Ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="9635632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635632" title="1936 Italian Grand Prix">
1936 Italian Grand Prix

The 1936 Italian Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Monza on 13 September 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="9635650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635650" title="László Budai">
László Budai

László Budai (19 July 1928 – 2 July 1983), also referred to as László Bednarik, Budai László or Budai II is a former Hungarian footballer and coach. Budai was born in Budapest and played as a midfielder and forward for Ferencvárosi TC, Honvéd and Hungary. During the 1950s he was a member of the legendary Hungarian national team known as the "Mighty Magyars". Other members of the team included Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, Sándor Kocsis, József Bozsik and Nándor Hidegkuti.
Club career.
During his career, Budai won four Hungarian League titles. The first of these came at Ferencvárosi TC in 1949 where his team mates included Zoltán Czibor and Sándor Kocsis. In January 1949 when Hungary became a communist state, Ferencváros were deemed unsuitable to become an army or police club because of its right-wing and nationalist traditions. Instead they were taken over by ÉDOSZ, a food workers union and their best players, including Budai, Czibor and Kocsis, were conscripted into the army team, Honvéd. While at Honvéd, Budai won a further three league titles and the Mitropa Cup.
Hungarian International.
Budai made his debut for Hungary on 2 May 1949 in a 6-1 win against Austria in the Central European Championship. He subsequently played 39 times for Hungary and scored 10 goals. Four of these goals came in a 12-0 win against Albania on 24 September 1950. As one of the legendary "Mighty Magyars", he helped Hungary become Olympic Champions in 1952 and Central European Champions in 1953. He also played in the Hungary side that defeated England 6-3 at Wembley Stadium. During the 1954 FIFA World Cup he played in the group stage in the 9-0 win against South Korea and in the semi-final against Uruguay. However despite an excellent performance in the latter game, he was dropped for the final to make room for Ferenc Puskás. He was also included in the Hungary squad for the 1958 World Cup but did not play.
Honours.
Hungary
Ferencváros TC
Honvéd FC

</doc>
<doc id="9635654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635654" title="Amanda Grove">
Amanda Grove

Amanda Grove is a former CourtTV anchor. She joined CourtTV in March 2002. She anchored the network's live hourly "Newsbreaks," and served as substitute anchor for the network's daily live trial coverage programs. She also reported from courtroom trials around the country as part of Court TV's signature daytime trial coverage. She regularly appears as a legal expert on "Good Morning America", "The Early Show", and "On the Record" with Greta van Susteren.
Prior to joining Court TV, Grove worked for WCBS in New York City anchoring the station's morning and weekend newscasts, as well as a morning business show for CBS Marketwatch. In addition she hosted the PBS syndicated series "World Museum Classics". Before joining WCBS, Grove worked for CNBC business news in New York and London. She also worked in California for KRON's BAY-TV, KNTV in San Jose and KCCN in Monterey. From 1990 to 1996, Grove practiced real estate and corporate law with the firm of Graham & James (now Squire, Sanders & Dempsey) in San Francisco, and served as a deputy district attorney in San Mateo County.
Grove received a B.S. degree in journalism from Northwestern University and a law degree from the University of California Hastings College of the Law in 1990.
She married Robert Holmen on June 29, 2002, and they have 2 sons, Grey August Holmen born January 27, 2003 and Ford Hastings Holmen born March 7, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9635663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635663" title="Walnut Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Walnut Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Walnut Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,752 and it contained 745 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Red Oak and Walnut.

</doc>
<doc id="9635665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635665" title="CFAK-FM">
CFAK-FM

CFAK-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 88.3 FM in Sherbrooke, Quebec. It is the campus radio station of the Université de Sherbrooke.
Owned by Comité de la radio étudiante universitaire de Sherbrooke (CREUS), the station received CRTC approval on March 7, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9635668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635668" title="Ward Lernout">
Ward Lernout

Ward Lernout (born 3 May 1931, in Geluwe, West Flanders, Belgium) is a Flemish painter, living in Tervuren (Belgium).
Biography.
Lernout received his artistic training at the "Stedelijke Academie" in Menen, where the artists F. Wallecan and E. Van Overberghe also trained. Has been living in Tervuren since 1964, after a long stay in Africa. Although he was employed in the marketing and press business until 1990, he has presented annually in art galleries since 1970.
Criticism.
Some comments by art critics :
"The traditional Flemish medium has not disappeared but is respected and cohabits with the new techniques of the fast approaching 21st century. This would all be nothing if there were not, behind each work of art, a man happy with what he is doing, an artist for whom colour is a source of life and life a generator exploding with colour, one more dense and warm than the next." Anita NARDON, A.I.C.A. - 1996
"Clearly, Ward Lernout's talent has reached full maturity. He has no need to resort to attractive effects or play on fashion trends. He has developed a style which conveys to the observer the 'joie de peindre' so evident in this type of art. Lernout is an artist richly inspired by man and nature, which enables him to express his love for rural life in sensual and fascinating pictorial interpretations." Remi De Cnodder, A.I.C.A. - 1991
Exhibitions.
With Mon Camelbeke.
With his brother-in-law, the artist Mon Camelbeke:

</doc>
<doc id="9635675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635675" title="Aldworth School">
Aldworth School

Aldworth School is a secondary school, formerly Aldworth Science College, after Richard Aldworth Community School, in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England.
History.
The history of Aldworth school can be traced back to 1646, when the "Blue Coat School" was opened in Cross Street (originally Cow Cross Lane). It was due to an Alderman of the City of London named Richard Aldworth (whose mother, Jane South, was from Basingstoke) that the school was able to open, when he left £2000 in his will. The school provided education for ten boys from underprivileged backgrounds. The boys would be educated, clothed and fed from the age of 7 until they 16, when they would be found jobs or enrolled in apprenticeship schemes. The school got its name from the distinctive uniforms the boys wore.
In 1811, the Blue Coat school was incorporated into the National Schools system and forced to share its building with National boys. The master at the time William Brown (1801-1814) complained that it was not cost efficient to continue to educate the Blue Coat boys. In 1862, the school was rebuilt to accommodate 292 children, including girls who transferred from the National School in Church Square. However, standards in the school continued to decline and in 1876 the decision was taken to close the Blue Coat school after the remaining six pupil were placed in 1879. The building continued to be used as a school until 1896, when it closed due to bankruptcy and the building was leased to a shoemaker and eventually sold to the 'Aldworth Printing Works' in 1926. The building was demolished during the town development in 1966. In 1994, on the site of the old school, a statue of a 'Blue Coat Boy' was unveiled. This statue was cast from a mould of another statue at the larger Blue Coat School in Reading, also founded by Richard Aldworth. 
A new school was built in 1963 on Western Way called Richard Aldworth School and a stone plaque from the Old Blue Coat School building was incorporated in the main entrance. However, this is the only historical connection the Western Way school has with the old Blue Coat school. This later became Richard Aldworth Community School. In 2005, the school gained status as a Specialist Science College and changed its name to Aldworth Science College. In 2013, the government Specialist School scheme ended and the school's name became Aldworth School.
Due to funding from earning the science status, certain areas of the school have been redeveloped. Major work was carried out over the summer of 2008, including the renovation of the three storey Dartmouth Block to make it easily accessible for disabled students. There is now three new IT suites on the ground floor, named after the late Mr John McGrath, former Head of IT and Business Studies at the school. An extension was also built onto the Dartmouth Block during the academic year 2011-12 to house a new drama studio.
Curriculum.
Students in the school are placed in classes determined by their ability within the subject area. In Year 7, this is determined by Key Stage 2 SATS results. The sets are flexible and students are periodically moved in line with their progress.
At Key Stage 4, students can select subjects to study alongside the compulsory subjects of English, Mathematics, Science, ICT, PSHVE and Physical Education.
There are 30 fifty minute periods per week. This amounts to 25 hours per week teaching time, excluding assemblies, registration periods and breaks. The Government recommends a minimum of 24 hours. Aldworth also runs enhancement lessons after school for students in Key Stage 4. As well as in class teaching, Aldworth also uses three different websites to help students with their education: Studywiz is the school's virtual learning environment; MyMaths is used by the maths department; and SAM Learning is a revision tool
Headteachers.
The first headteacher at Richard Aldworth. Students on roll went from 210 to 1700 in his time as headteacher. He retired at the end of the 1977/78 autumn term.
Peter Sayer moved to Basingstoke from the Cotswolds in 1978 to take up the Headship at Richard Aldworth. During his time there, the school grew to become the largest secondary school in Basingstoke. 
Michael Ward 1990 - 2000<br>
Michael Ward became the headteacher after moving from the headship of a smaller school in Southampton. During his time the community provision grew substantially and the school grew to just short of 1000 pupils. He retired in the summer of 2000. 
Julie Churcher (2000 - 2012)<br>
Julie Churcher retired at the end of the 2011-12 school year after 12 years of being headteacher at the Basingstoke school. During her time at the school, she raised £50,000 "Science College" status and she also worked to gain funding from Hampshire County Council to build new facilities.
Denis McCabe (2012 - present)<br>
Denis McCabe became the headteacher of the College at the start of the 2012-13 academic year. He was formerly Deputy Headteacher at St Peter's Catholic Comprehensive School and St Katherine's secondary school
Student Leadership.
Aldworth Science College has a third specialism as a 'Leadership Partner School'. Students are encouraged to take leadership roles and responsibilities such as Student Council Representative, Sports Captain, Department Assistants, Prefect and Senior Prefect, Head Boy/Girl and Peer Mentoring. There is also a student magazine, called "Noted".
To encourage pupils to take part in Student Leadership activities, a scheme has been introduced which enables students to record their achievements and receive leadership certificates. A Student Leadership Evidence Booklet has been introduced to record activities. The booklet has five stages for the students to complete. In order to complete a stage, each student needs to collect evidence, which is then recorded in the booklet. At the end of each academic year, students may receive a certificate to show that they have achieved that stage of leadership and be rewarded with a school trip.

</doc>
<doc id="9635678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635678" title="Pebbles Box">
Pebbles Box

The Pebbles Box is a 5-LP box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands. Several years later, a similar 5-CD box set was released that was called the "Trash Box". The Pebbles Box purports to collect the first five volumes of the Pebbles series, although there are fewer songs than on the original LPs: 72 total tracks on the five discs, as compared with 86 on the original LPs. Also, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely. 
Although most of the recordings on "the Pebbles Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series. Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Trash Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2". The song "Be Forewarned" was actually recorded in 1972 by the early doom metal band, Pentagram.
Release data.
"The Pebbles Box" was released in the United Kingdom in 1987 by Ubik Records, with a catalogue number of BOXX1. Like AIP Records – which released the later albums in the Pebbles series – Ubik Records is one of the record labels that was started by Bomp! Records.
Differences with the Trash Box.
Nearly all of the tracks in "the Pebbles Box" are included in the "Trash Box", with only two exceptions: On Disc Two of "the Trash Box", the second recording by The Inmates is "Fakirs and Thieves" rather than "I Can Make it without You"; and on Disc Five, the song by the Bitter End is "Find Someone to Love" instead of "If You Want Somebody".
Differences with the Original Pebbles LPs.
While the Pebbles Box is supposed to collect the first five albums in the Pebbles series, the recordings in this box set are actually much different from the original LPs. Specifically, as to the first Pebbles album, 4 of the 8 tracks on Side 1 and 6 of the 8 tracks on Side 2 of the original LP are included on Disc One in the Pebbles Box and in the same order (plus "Rich with Nothin'" is on Disc Two). Some of the omissions are true garage rock classics, like "Spazz" and "I'm in Pittsburgh (and it's Raining)"; the other omitted songs are "Going All the Way" (which is also not included on the CD version of the original Pebbles album), the Canadian monster "1-2-5" (although there is another song by the Haunted on Disc Four), and "You Treat Me Bad". Disc One includes a different rendering of "Train Kept A-Rollin'" from the one that appears on the "Pebbles, Volume 11" LP, along with a second Kim Fowley song, "Underground Lady" that is not otherwise available among the various Pebbles records. The other songs on Disc One – "Stop & Listen" and "That Creature" – are beloved garage rock recordings that appear in later volumes in the Pebbles series.
The situation is similar on "Pebbles, Volume 2", where just 4 songs from Side 1 and 3 songs from Side 2 are on Disc Two of this set, with "Green Fuz" moved to the other side of Disc Two and the Electric Prunes radio commercial to Disc Three. The lamented deletions include legendary bands like Zakary Thaks and the Moving Sidewalks (where Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top started out), plus the remarkable track called "Makin' Deals" by the Satans that opened that LP, which has the same general theme and even some of the same lyrics as the later Stones classic, "Sympathy for the Devil". Songs by the Litter and The Squires and both cuts by the Dovers are also left off the Pebbles Box, along with the bratty "So What!" and (as already noted) "Wine Wine Wine". However, welcome additions include "My Soap Won't Float", "Weird" and two songs by The Inmates; one of these, "More than I Have" is among the real treats on the last few Pebbles LPs, while "I Can Make it without You" is not represented elsewhere on the Pebbles albums. This is also true of "She's Sorry" and a second song by William Penn Fyve, whose "Swami" is on "Pebbles, Volume 3" and Disc Five of "the Pebbles Box". 
Disc Three includes 11 of the songs on the psychedelic grab-bag that is "Pebbles, Volume 3", although the omissions include two of the standout cuts on the album, "I'm Five Years Ahead of My Time" and "Voices Green and Purple", plus several others that are not so greatly missed: "I'm Allergic to Flowers", "Soggy Cereal", "Dom Kellar os Mods", "Like a Dribbling Fram" and the bonus track. Only one of the additional songs appears elsewhere in the Pebbles series; "The Inner Truth" is on "Pebbles, Volume 22", while "The Wall" and "Be Forewarned" are new to Pebbles. "Horror Asparagus Stories" by The Driving Stupid, listed on the cover and label of the original BFD LP but somehow omitted, appears in this volume. 
As noted, all of the tracks on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been omitted from the Pebbles Box. Although many songs appear on other Pebbles albums, none of the recordings on Disc Four appear on the first five LPs in the Pebbles series.
Finally, fully half of the recordings on "Pebbles, Volume 5" are not included on Disc Five of the Pebbles Box: "Go Away", "You Don't Know Me", "Why", "Universal Vagrant", "I Tell No Lies", "You Need Love", "The Way it Used to Be", "I Need Love", and "The Way I Feel". Of the tracks on Disc Five that are not on the corresponding LP, the most gratifying is "Shadows", probably the best of the three songs by Milan (also known as the Leather Boy) on the "Pebbles, Volume 11" LP and the only one that has not yet been otherwise released on the Pebbles CDs. There are four additional songs on Disc Five that are new to Pebbles: a second song by Thursday's Children, "Time Machine", "If You Want Somebody", and "I Want More".
Track listing.
Disc one.
Side 1
Side 2
Disc two.
Side 3
Side 4
Disc Three.
Side 5
Side 6
Disc Four.
Side 7
Side 8
Disc Five.
Side 9
Side 10

</doc>
<doc id="9635681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635681" title="Francis Blair">
Francis Blair

Francis or Frank Blair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9635689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635689" title="Florida State Road 31">
Florida State Road 31

State Road 31 (SR 31) is a state highway in Southwest Florida in Lee, Charlotte, and DeSoto counties. It is about 36 miles (58 kilometers) long. The entire roadway is two lanes wide, even near Fort Myers. The highway crosses the Caloosahatchee River via the Wilson Pigott Bridge, a small drawbridge, a mile north of the southern terminus. The northern terminus is with an intersection of SR 70 near Arcadia. The southern terminus is with an intersection of SR 80 near Fort Myers Shores. The route is home to G. Pierce Wood Memorial Hospital, replacing the old De Soto Aircraft Field. 
In 2006, Cameratta Properties purchased of land along SR 31 in DeSoto County for a master-planned community that upon completion will add approximately 17,000 homes and of retail and office space.
In 2006, DeSoto County announced that the county will build a new wastewater treatment facility along SR 31 to accommodate the future demand for residential housing anticipated along the SR 31 Corridor.

</doc>
<doc id="9635691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635691" title="Davies' attack">
Davies' attack

In cryptography, is a dedicated statistical cryptanalysis method for attacking the Data Encryption Standard (DES). The attack was originally created in 1987 by Donald Davies. In 1994, Eli Biham and Alex Biryukov made significant improvements to the technique. It is a known-plaintext attack based on the non-uniform distribution of the outputs of pairs of adjacent S-boxes. It works by collecting many known plaintext/ciphertext pairs and calculating the empirical distribution of certain characteristics. Bits of the key can be deduced given sufficiently many known plaintexts, leaving the remaining bits to be found through brute force. There are tradeoffs between the number of required plaintexts, the number of key bits found, and the probability of success; the attack can find 24 bits of the key with 252 known plaintexts and 53% success rate.
Davies' attack can be adapted to other Feistel ciphers besides DES. In 1998, Pornin developed techniques for analyzing and maximizing a cipher's resistance to this kind of cryptanalysis.

</doc>
<doc id="9635693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635693" title="Westfield Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Westfield Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Westfield Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 941 and it contained 425 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these five cemeteries: Arlington, Bereans, Calvery Catholic, Cherry Miner's and Lost Grove.

</doc>
<doc id="9635696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635696" title="Frances Allen">
Frances Allen

Frances Allen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9635708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635708" title="Apremont, Savoie">
Apremont, Savoie

Apremont is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
It lies southeast of Chambéry.

</doc>
<doc id="9635728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635728" title="Dolores Fonzi">
Dolores Fonzi

Dolores Fonzi (; born 19 July 1978) is an Argentine TV, theatre and film actress active since 1996.
Several of her films have received critical acclaim such as "Plata quemada" (2000), "Esperando al mesías" (2000), "El Fondo del mar" (2003) and "El Aura" (2005). Her brother, Tomás Fonzi is also an actor in the Cinema of Argentina. She has worked with such directors as Marcelo Piñeyro, Daniel Burman, Damián Szifrón and Fabián Bielinsky.
Dolores started dating Gael García Bernal, after they met on the set of the 2001 film directed by Fito Paez, "Vidas Privadas". On Thursday 8 January 2009, their first son, Lázaro, was born in Madrid, Spain. Their daughter, Libertad, was born on 4 April 2011 in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9635741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635741" title="Froyo">
Froyo

Froyo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9635752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635752" title="London Shostakovich Orchestra">
London Shostakovich Orchestra

The London Shostakovich Orchestra is an orchestra based in St. Cyprian's Church on Glentworth Street in Marylebone, London, England. Founded in November 1999, its conductor is Christopher Cox and the leader is Jonathan Lee. They first performed in May 2000, and have performed over a dozen concerts to date (as of May 2011).
It was named in honour of Russian Neoclassical composer Dmitri Shostakovich, on whose compositions the orchestra places heavy emphasis. Their ultimate intention is to perform all 15 of Shostakovich's symphonies; they have so far covered symphonies 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 15, . To date, only three musical pieces they have performed were not composed by Shostakovich.
The orchestra is funded by contributions from its members and money received from ticket sales. The London Shostakovich Choir was formed in May 2011 to perform the 2nd Symphony with the Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="9635755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635755" title="Arbin, Savoie">
Arbin, Savoie

Arbin is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
It lies southeast of Chambéry.

</doc>
<doc id="9635787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635787" title="Play Dirty (album)">
Play Dirty (album)

Play Dirty is the fourth studio album by British heavy metal band, Girlschool, released on Bronze Records in 1983 and produced by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea from the hard rock band Slade.
It was the first Girlschool album not to enter the UK Top 40 album chart and signalled a general downturn in their career, along with an inclination towards a softer rock sound. Kelly Johnson left the band soon after the release and an intended full US-tour never materialised.
In the UK, two singles were lifted from the album, each having a picture-sleeve:
In 2005, Castle subsidiary Sanctuary Records re-issued the album on CD with songs from the EP "1-2-3-4 Rock and Roll" and other compilations as bonus tracks.
Drummer Denise Dufort rated the album as her favourite of all the band's career: "Play Dirty as it has a more mature sound to it and I think it sounds a bit like Def Leppard, also Jim Lea and Noddy Holder from Slade produced it".

</doc>
<doc id="9635800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635800" title="La Chavanne">
La Chavanne

La Chavanne is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9635836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635836" title="Wheatland Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Wheatland Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Wheatland Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 135 and it contained 67 housing units. Wheatland Township was originally part of Milo Township, and became a separate township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Hunter and Lone Tree.

</doc>
<doc id="9635855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635855" title="William Terry (congressman)">
William Terry (congressman)

William Terry (August 14, 1824 – September 5, 1888) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer, teacher, and soldier from Virginia and the last commander of the famed Stonewall Brigade during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Born in Amherst County, Virginia, Terry attended an old field school as a child and went on to graduate from the University of Virginia in 1848. He taught school, studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1851, commencing private practice in Wytheville, Virginia. He engaged in newspaper work for eighteen months as the editor and co-owner of the "Wytheville Telegraph".
In 1852, he married Emma Wigginton of Bedford County. They raised four sons and three daughters. Terry joined the local militia, serving as lieutenant of the "Wythe Grays." He led his company to Harpers Ferry during the John Brown affair in 1859.
Civil War.
Following Virginia's secession from the Union, Terry enrolled in the Confederate Army as a first lieutenant in the 4th Virginia Infantry. In April 1861, he returned to Harpers Ferry, this time as a Confederate officer serving under Stonewall Jackson. He saw his first significant combat in the First Battle of Bull Run. Terry was promoted to major in the spring of 1862 and fought in the Peninsula Campaign at the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill. He was wounded in the Second Battle of Bull Run and was cited for gallantry in the official report of his superior, William Taliaferro. He returned to the ranks to lead the 4th Virginia Infantry at the Battle of Fredericksburg. His regiment lost 140 of its 335 men in fierce fighting at Chancellorsville, but Terry escaped injury there, as well as in fighting at Culp's Hill at Gettysburg. 
In February 1864, he was promoted to colonel, to date from September 1863. He was commissioned as a brigadier general on May 20, 1864, following the Wilderness Campaign. The following day, he was assigned command of a brigade formed from the survivors of the Stonewall Brigade and the badly depleted brigades of John M. Jones and George H. Steuart. Terry led the consolidated unit in the fighting at Cold Harbor and the defense of Petersburg.
He commanded his brigade during Jubal A. Early's 1864 campaign in the Shenandoah Valley. Terry's hard-hitting final assault at the Battle of Monocacy finally broke the Union line and forced the withdrawal of Lew Wallace's army. Later that year, Terry was one of seven Confederate generals who were killed or wounded at the Third Battle of Winchester. Recovering, he led the brigade back to Petersburg, where he was again wounded on March 25, 1865, when Gordon's Corps attacked Fort Stedman. Terry was taken to his home in Wytheville to recover from his injuries. As a result, Terry missed the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia at Appomattox Court House in April. When news arrived, he mounted his horse and started southward to join the army of Joseph E. Johnston in North Carolina. However, he returned home when news arrived of Johnston's surrender at Bennett Place.
Postbellum years.
After the war, though partially disabled from his three Civil War wounds, Terry resumed practicing law in Wytheville. He was nominated for Congress in 1868, but, being under political disabilities, he withdrew. He was easily elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1870, serving from 1871 to 1873, but was unsuccessful in his campaign for reelection in 1872. Terry was re-elected to Congress in 1874 and served again from 1875 to 1877, being unsuccessful for reelection again in 1876. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880 and afterwards resumed practicing law. 
Terry drowned on September 5, 1888, while attempting to ford Reed Creek near Wytheville after returning from the Grayson County Courthouse. He was interred in the town's East End Cemetery.
The William Terry Camp of the United Confederate Veterans was named in honor of General Terry.

</doc>
<doc id="9635864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635864" title="Yerukala people">
Yerukala people

Yerukala, Yerukula, Erukala, Erukula, or Kurru is a community found largely in the Southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. Yerukalas are indigenous people of South India. They call themselves ‘Kurru’. They are called as ‘Yerukula’ in Andhra Pradesh after their women’s traditional profession of fortune telling (Eruka cheputa). Yerukala is also known as Kaikadi - Kuchikorve (Makadwala) in Maharashtra.
Ancient history.
The earliest reference of Yerukalas can be found in the Mahabharata, the great Indian epic. Ekalavya, the extraordinary expert and skilful archer of Mahabharata times, belongs to Yerukala society. Yekalavya achieves a skill level parallel to the great Arjuna despite Drona's rejection of him. As he was a member of a low caste, he was denied to study in the Gurukul of Dronacharya.
Many historians have stated that they found some references on some pillars stating that the Kakatiyas were originated from the nomadic tribe called Erukala.
Ekalavya is one of the inspiring characters of the epic Mahabharata. Ekalavya is said to belong to Nishadha tribe of North India. The Nishadha caste is known as Erukula in Telugu speaking lands. This tribe is also known as Kiratas in some places of North India.
The Kiratas or Erukalas are expert hunters who can hit the running animals and the flying birds. It is widely accepted by historians that the Kakatiyas of Warangal and Bastar belonged to this Erukala caste to which the great archer Ekalavya belonged. The Erukalas are a variants or a branch of bhils of India.
In the Indian mythology, Eklavya occupies an important place as someone who exemplifies the nature of Guru-shishya tradition of teaching in India, showing extreme reverence for his guru. It is said that Ekalavya learned archery through the statue of Guru Dhronacharya and excelled Arjuna. .
Hanuman was a Rama bantu ( Faithful Servant to Sri Rama). Mudiraju Bantlu ( bants) who belong to vanara races are well known as members of suicide squads employed by their king masters. The very term Coolie was a modification of bhil tribe's name Koli. In Punjabi, Bande also means a faithful follower and they also belong to bhil - koli races. The Gypsy banjaras of Indian origin ( with roots of Vanaras ) are also known as Romanichal in Europe.
Koli => Cooli => Coolie Bantu ( Telugu language ) = Faithful Servant Bande( Punjabi language ) = Faithful follower Ramoshi = Ram vashi = Controlled by Sri Rama Romanichal (Romani ) = Faithful follower of Sri Rama
When Drona went to Ekalavya and demanded that Ekalavya turn over his right thumb as a teacher's fee ( Guru Dakshina ), the loyal Ekalavya crippled himself and thereby ruined his prospects as an archer by severing his thumb and giving it to Drona.This act of Ekalavya is nothing short of a suicide tendency which can be seen hidden in dravidian bhil races. For this reason, it is said that the bhil descendants of Ekalavya of Madhya Pradesh shoot their arrows using their middle finger instead of their thumbs. They are highly revengeful and can kill their enemy by secretly following them like a wild cates. Because of this ferocious behaviour of Erukalas, they were declared as criminal tribes by British
The Nishadhas are a branch of Dravidian Bhil races of North India. In the days of Ramayana and Mahabharata, the land from Sindhu to Sri Lanka was inhabited by dravidians and they spoke a language which was a mixture of present day Telugu & Tamil languages. This language was spoken from the country of Sumeria, Babylonia, Israel to India. In Telugu, the Ekalavya's caste is known as Erukala or Yerukula. In Telugu, Erukala means sooth sayer or fortune teller. In Telugu language, Bhil means bow.
Bil = Bhil = Vhil = Vhillu = Bow Eruka = Fortune telling or Sooth saying Erukala = One who does the job of a fortune teller
The Bhils form an important group, which inhabits mainly the southern districts of Rajasthan and the surrounding regions of Udaipur and Chittaurgarh. The generic term, which describes their tribe apparently, derives its name from bil, meaning bow, which describes their original talent and strength.
History corroborates the legends, which tells about their superiority in archery. From the Mahabharata emerges Eklavya, a Bhil who surpassed the skill of Arjuna only to be repressed by the command of his guru. The Ramayana tells of Vail, the Bhil bandit who reformed with the blessings of the Saraswati, the goddess of learning, to become Valmiki, the renowned poet sage.
The Bhils gained in strength by intermingling with rebellious, outcast Rajputs who sought shelter with them. Most of the Rajaputs had their origins in the bhil - koli blood. Rajput rulers came to value the guerilla tactics of the Bhils, particularly since they were at ease in the hilly terrain. Various fierce invasions could not be repelled without their active support. Even today, the accepted head of all the Rajput clan of Rajasthan, the Maharana of Udaipur is crowned by anointing his forehead with blood drawn from the palm of a Bhil chieftain, affirming the alliance and loyalty of his tribe.
Ekalavya, belonged to the Nishadha clan, but Drona rejected him because he did not belong to the Kshatriya Varna. Prince Ekalavya was undaunted by this rebuff from Drona and practiced archery in front of a clay model of Dronacharya, his Manaseega Guru. By this application of mind, body and determination, Ekalavya became a warrior of exceptional prowess, at par with the young Arjuna.
Ekalavya was a young prince of the Nishadha tribes. The Mahabharata speaks of Nishaad (or Shabara) as forest hunters. The main profession of Nishaads were hunting the birds. . When A Nishaad killed one bird from a pair the other bird was crying and that inspired Valmiki to write the true story of Rama and Sita known as Ramayana. Ramayana the king of Nishaad named Guha was a very close friend of Rama. He helps Rama and Sita to cross Ganges river during exile to forests There were several Nishadha Dravidian kingdoms during Ramayana and Mahabharata periods. King Nala of Nala Damayanti was also a Nishadha king. King of Nishadha lost his kingdom in a game of dice and deserted his wife Damayanti because of a curse. They were all related to Mudiraj - koli - bhil people.
Ekalavya was born to Devashrava, who was the brother of Vasudeva. Since Vasudeva was the father of Krishna, Ekalavya was blood related brother to Sri Krishna. Ekalavya was raised by Hiranyadhanus, the leader (King) of the Nishadhas, who was a commander in the army of Jarasandha, the king of Magadha. Ekalavya's mother could be a Dravidian Bhil Nishadha woman. Nishadhas were treated as low caste people, as they were mixed race people.
Ekalavya wanted to learn advanced skills of archery from Dronacharya, the legendary weaponsmaster of and instructor of Arjuna and his brothers. Drona, however, rejected Ekalavya on account of the prince's humble origins and low caste.
After being rejected by Drona, Ekalavya embarks upon a program of self-study in the presence of a clay image of Drona. He achieves a level of skill equal to that of Arjuna, Drona's favorite and most accomplished pupil. Fearful that Ekalavya will excel him, Arjuna begs Drona to take action. Drona goes to Ekalavya and demands that Ekalavya turn over his right thumb as a teacher's fee. The loyal Ekalavya cripples himself, and thereby ruins his prospects as an archer, by severing his thumb and giving it to Drona.
According to some, Drona wanted to hamper Ekalavya's archery skills because he feared that Ekalavya would use them against Drona's employer, the King of Hastinapur (Ekalavya's father worked for Jarasandh, who was an adversary of the Hastinapur kingdom).
Others have alleged that Ekalavya learned all the archery skills by secretly observing the training sessions of Dronacharya. When Dronacharaya found out, he visited Ekalavya to verify his suspicions. Although Drona could have demanded an even greater punishment under the laws in effect at that time, he asked only for Ekalavya's right thumb, thus making useless the archery skills which he had learned secretly.
Others still have said that Dronacharya demanded Ekalavya's thumb because the latter was not a Kshatriya, and in those days only Kshatriyas were supposed to get a military education.
Later, Ekalavya worked as a confidant of King Jarasandh. At the time of Rukmini's Swayamvar, he acted as the messenger between Shishupala and Rukmini's father Bhishmaka, at Jarasandh's behest. Bhishmaka decides that Rukmini should marry Shishupala, but instead Rukmini elopes with Krishna. Ekalavya is later killed by Krishna, who hurls a rock against him, in a conflict against Jarasandh's army.
Various theories were propounded by various historians in respect of the origin and evolution of the 16 "ancient communities" or "Janapadas" in the Himalayan region. Saklani points out that there is strong evidence that they are in fact Raghuvanshi Rajputs, the descendants of the Bhill-Kirata tribe.
The people of Erukala or Nishadha tribes were also known as Kiratas in some places of North and North-East. Hidimbi was the sister of Hidimba. She later married Bhima and begot a son named Ghatotkaca. India. Hidamba and Hidimbi are said to belong to Kirata tribe.
Origins.
The word yerukala derived from yeruka(sooth telling) and the main occupation yerukala is sooth telling this is practice by woman.we can see sooth telling woman in kurathi dance. yerukala have major two division kavadi(the people take kavadi of murgan god) and satpadi(the people who decorate murgan). 
yerukala=kurru=kurava.
so, yerukala from kuravars, Kuravar is an ancient clan mentioned in the Sangam literature, along with Kallar and Maravar. Kuravar were amongst the inhabitants of Kurinji land as "the hunters and the gatherers, the people of foothills" along with Poruppan (the soldiers), Verpan (the leaders of the tribe / weaponists), Silamban (masters of martial arts / the art of fighting), and Kaanavar (the people of the mountainous forests).
The kula theivam was a clan god in Kurava and was Murugan. it was assumedwhom? to be one of the gods of ancient Tamil country. the clan inhabited the mountainous regions of Tamil Nadu and used bamboo grass in large quantities. During teir hunting and gathering stage, they used bamboos against animals. In a later Civilized settlement stage, Kuravas also used bamboos as a self-defence weapon which, later was transformed into silambattam of Tamil country. The self-defence art with a silambattam is still considered to be a known and appreciated fighting art of Maravars, Kallars who are the other native people of Tamil country.
During the first quarter of the 12th century AD, areas of Kanyakumari district was brought under the fold several kings: Konanki Kuravar, Bommayya Kuravar and Nanchil Kuravar. A Classic Period of the Kingdom of NanjilNadu ( modern day Nagercoil Region of Tamil Nadu)started with the accession of a Konanki Kuravar, who was an alchemist establishing his way over Kottar, Suchindram and other places. There are literary evidences that the Kingdom of NanjilNadu was Ruled by "Kurunji Nattan NambiRajan", also called as Naga Raja, a Kurava king. Historical evidences can be traced back from the spots of Idukki District in Kerala. Places like Ramakkalmedu, kuravanmala, Kurinjimala, Idukki arch dam (it is the largest arch dam in Asia) are the places showing the Early ages of Kuravas of South India . Among these group of people,the most disadvantaged section is Narikuravar who still live as gypsies now placed under Most Backward Community list of Tamil Nadu. They were once travelers on the high roads of freedom, crafting their own destinies as hunters, gatherers, traders, transporters and craftsmen, but exist today in the no-mans-land of the settled world. Nevertheless they persist. People of this community are called with different names in different parts of South India . They are called as Sidhanar in Kerala. In essence, all these communities form a big community from south India. The gothras among all these communities is the same, i.e. Kavadi, Sathupadi, Maanupadi and Mendraguthi.
The main occupation of the people, who originally belong to the indigenous tribes, is hunting. But as they were prohibited entry into the forests to pursue this livelihood, they were forced to take up other alternatives.
Many historians have stated that they found references on some pillars stating that the Kakatiyas were originated from the nomadic tribe called Erukala.
Modern history.
British rule.
In times past, the Yerukalas lived in the forests and were satisfied with the forest economy of hunting and gathering. In 1878, the sale of forest produce was strictly prohibited by the British government and the Yerukalas were forced to the plains. The tribes lost everything they had and rebelled against the government, who in turn forced them to settle on small portions of land that were insufficient for survival. This displacement had a detrimental effect on their lives, which led to maladjustment and a loss of self-respect in society. In 1911, a revised Criminal Tribes Act of Madras Presidency, placed them under the category of "criminal tribes", leading to their long term stigmatization and ostracism, after independence however they were denotified in 1952. Today, they remain bound by poverty.
During the British Imperial rule in India, Yerukalas settled in agriculture or petty trades, such as making ropes, mats, and baskets. Unfortunately, the introduction of railroads brought a setback to their businesses. Due to their desperate situation, subsequent police oppression, harsh punishments, and torture, the Yerukala have been driven to a sub-human standard of living.
Republic of India.
Today, most of the Yerukalas are settled in the villages/towns and trying to make their way out of the poverty by getting education to obtain financial freedom which has been evading them since ages. Yerukalas are using reservations and other benefits from the government to a greater extent to obtain the freedom they used to have long long time age. Even though they live in a free democratic country like India, they are still living under harsh social conditions because of the Indian caste system and face social discriminations time and again.
Most of the Yerukalas have been alloted land for agriculture at some places by the government of Andhra Pradesh. They are making good use of the opportunities provided to them. They get loans for the investing in the land. But its success is entirely dependent on timely monsoons. Some make mats, baskets, and ropes to sell. They no longer practice their old methods of earning money, such as fortune-telling and tattooing.Yerukulas of Andrapradesh are same as kuravar of Tamil Nadu which should be understood well by, properly by registered general of India where the file for inclusion of kuravar in scheduled tribe sent by Tamil Nadu state government of Tamil Nadu is pending before it.
Population.
Environment : Primarily plains, but also tropical rainforest and mountain.
Lifestyle : Were semi-Nomadic, now settling in villages and towns.
Subsistence : Agriculture, animal Husbandry, handicrafts.
Literacy : The total literacy rate among Yerukula as per 1991 Census reports is 25.74.
Census.
Estimated total Yerukala population in India: 746,000
Location.
Few parts of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh; Nilgiri, Coimbatore, Periyar, Salem parts of Tamil Nadu; Orissa; Delhi; Karnataka; Kerala; Maharashtra; Gujarat; Pondicherry; Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand.
Language.
Yerukalas speak a language of their own - the Yerukala language, which is also called ‘Yerukula basha’, ‘Kurru basha’ or ‘Kulavatha’. It is closely related to Ravula and Irula, and belongs to the Tamil subgroup of the Dravidian languages.
In Andhra Pradesh, Yerukala language is increasing used in home, friends, religion. In Rayalseema and Telengana regions it is even greater. Some regions have low bilingual proficiency in Telugu, higher in Andhra Pradesh and among educated adults.
Sub-divisions.
The Yerukalas are divided into a number of functional and endogamous sub-divisions and each such sub-division is named after the commodity, which they traded in and the occupation they adopted. The sub-divisions of Yerukula are Dabba Yerukala (those who make baskets from split bamboo), Eethapullala Yerukula (Date twigs) (those whom make baskets from wild date leaves), Kunchapuri Yerukala (those who make weaver’s combs), Parikamuggula Yerukala (sooth sayers and beggars), Karivepaku Yerukala (hawkers of curry leaves), Uppu Yerukala (salt hawkers rope hawkers rope makers )
Each sub-division is dividend into four phraties viz., Kavadi, Sathupadi, Maanupadi and Mendraguthi. The first two phratries Viz, Kavadi and Sathupadi are considered to be superior to the other two. Each phratry is further sub-divided into a number of exogamous surnames. Endogamy at community level and exogamy at phratry and surnameslevel are observed.
korama, koracha, kaniyan, kaniheluvavru, and other name the people who tells kani belongs to yerukula
Religion.
Yerukalas worship Hindu Gods i.e. Lord shiva, Lord Venteswara, Narasimhaswamy, Narayanaswamy and Rama, which are common Gods in Hindu pantheon and appease deities such as Ankamma, Kollapuramma, Sunkulamma, Poleramma and Ellamma. The Yerukalas celebrate Hindu festivals such as Sankranthi, Sivarathri, Sreeramanavami, Dasara, Ugadi (Telugu New Year’s Day).
Yerukalas worship natural objects such as the sun, the moon and the fire, along with worshipping Lord Vishnu & Lord shiva. In some of the places, Yerukalas are not permitted to enter Hindu temples; hence they keep stones or mud idols under trees and give them offerings.
Largest religion is Hindu. But Christianity is on the rise in this community.
Social customs.
The type of family among Yerukalas is usually nuclear. Descent is patrilineal, residence is patrilocal and authority is patriarchal. Cross-cousin (menarikam) marriages are preferred. Marriages between the maternal uncle and niece are also permitted. Monogamy is the common form of marriage, but polygyny is also socially permitted. Marriage through negotiation and exchange are the common modes of acquiring mates. Traditionally, the married women used to wear a bead necklace as the symbol of marriage. But now thali bottu or mangal sutram, the marriage pendent is being worn as a marriage symbol by most of the women. Divorce is permissible on the grounds of adultery, barrenness and incompatibility between the spouses. Widows are permitted to re-marry.
The Yerukala tribe has its own social control mechanism at each habitation inhabited by Yerukala to ensure proper observance of prescribed codes of conduct. This traditional council (Kula Panchayat) is headed by an elderly man whose office is hereditary traditionally. The traditional council (Kula Panchayat) try and decide the domestic disputes, disputes relating to theft, adultery, loans, property and land. The characteristic feature of deciding guilt or innocence of an accused among Yerukalas was through trial by ordeal, which was in vogue till recent times such as 1. Dipping of fingers in boiling oil, 2. Picking up the burnt iron crowbar and, 3. Walking bare foot through the fire bed. Apart from solving disputes, the Kulapanchayat is also competent to maintain the solidarity of the community by checking the behaviour of the individuals. If a person commit the breach of incest taboo he is excommunicated and denied all community rights. The defaulter is readmitted into the community after the purificatory ceremony is observed.
Yerukalas are non-vegetarians. Rice is their staple cereal in coastal Andhra Pradesh, while jowar is the staple cereal in Rayalaseema and Telangana regions.
The traditional occupation of Yerukalas include basket-making, mat weaving, pig rearing, rope-making,brooms making etc. The Yerukala women are specialized in sooth saying and fortune telling. Some of them also participate in the economic activities like basket making, mat weaving etc., and make baskets with wild date leaves.
The Yerukulas living in plain areas of Andhra Pradesh make different types of baskets with bamboo.

</doc>
<doc id="9635869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635869" title="Chignin">
Chignin

Chignin is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
The village of Chignin is located between the communes of Les Marches, Montmélian, Saint-Jeoire-Prieuré and Challes-les-Eaux, behind the Monronjoue downs in front of which the route nationale 6 runs.
It is famous for its white wine. Most Chignin is a scented dry white made from the local Jacquere grape variety. 

</doc>
<doc id="9635888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635888" title="Sir Francis Boynton, 4th Baronet">
Sir Francis Boynton, 4th Baronet

Sir Francis Boynton, 4th Baronet (17 November 1677 – 16 September 1739), of Barmston in the East Riding of Yorkshire, was an English landowner and Member of Parliament.
Life.
Boynton was the eldest son of the Reverend Henry Boynton, Rector of Barmston. He was educated at Beverley Grammar School and St John's College, Cambridge. Admitted at Gray's Inn in 1696, he became a barrister. He inherited the baronetcy on 22 December 1731, on the death of his cousin Sir Griffith Boynton, who had no children. He served in Parliament as member for Hedon from 1734 until his death five-and-a-half years later.
On 8 April 1703, he married Frances Heblethwayte, daughter of James Heblethwayte, and they had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="9635904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635904" title="SinoVision">
SinoVision

SinoVision () is a U.S.-based Chinese language television network. Founded in 1990, SinoVision, an affiliated member of the Asian Culture and Media Group (美国亚洲文化传媒集团), which also owns the New York edition of "The China Press" (《侨报》), has been one of the largest and most influential Chinese media outlets in North America. With two 24-hour digital channels covering the Greater New York area - WMBC 63.4 (Chinese Channel) and WMBC 63.3 (English Channel), SinoVision Chinese Channel also covers New York City on Cable Channel 73. SinoVision's direct television coverage blankets a population of more than 30 million, while people all over the world can watch SinoVision shows on its website through tablets and mobile devices. SinoVision's headquarters are in midtown Manhattan. SinoVision also has offices in downtown Manhattan, Flushing, Brooklyn, Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Houston. Its flagship program is daily SinoVision Nightly News (中文晚间播报), which is an hour long on weekdays and half-hour long on weekends; other daily Chinese programs include SinoVision 30-minute Noon News (中文午间快报), 30-minute Evening News (中文晚间快报), 7-minute Morning News (中文早间快车), 7-minute News Express (中文快车播报), which brings audiences the latest news update six times each day, and Financial Reports (中文财经).
The 24-hour English Channel currently has 7 independently produced programs with a focus on news, language, culture, and education, encouraging and cultivating interest and awareness in Chinese culture among Americans both in and out of the Chinese Diasporas. Through collaboration with stations like CCTV, International Channel Shanghai (ICS) and Beijing TV, the shows reach a broader and ever-expanding foreign audience, with its website and other platforms adding true global reach. In addition to cooperative production on some shows, English Channel sometimes directly airs programs from CCTV, ICS and Beijing TV. SinoVision Chinese Channel also airs its English programs Cosmo Times and W.E. Talk.
SinoVision's news anchors and hosts include: Deng Shuang (邓爽), Tan Lin (谭琳), Hou Youxing (侯又兴), Li Shuang (李爽), Zhou Mali (周马丽), Yu Yao (俞尧), Wang Xuejia (王雪佳), Zhu Tian (朱甜), Zheng Ailin (郑艾琳), Jin Lulu (金璐路). Tan Lin, also known as Lin Tan, is also the host of SinoVision's talk show, "New York Lounge" (纽约会客室). "Living in NY" (安家纽约), SinoVision's real estate show, is hosted by Chen Dong (陈东). Deng Shuang hosts "In Focus" (中文聚焦), a weekly television newsmagazine. 
Sinovision.net is one of the most popular Chinese language websites in the United States, reaching audiences through its tablets, smart phones, and other multimedia platforms. Viewers may view SinoVision's programs through live streaming and posted videos of the evening news on Sinovision.net and SinoVision's tablet/smartphone apps.
SinoVision Chinese Channel on cable channel 73:
Air Time:
Mon – Thu: 6am – 12am(Midnight)
Fri – Sun: 6am – 11pm(Sun：8am – 11:30am; 2pm – 5:30pm; 8pm – 11pm)
Carriers:
Time Warner Cable—Channel 73
Verizon FiOS—Channel 26
Cablevision—Channel 73
RCN—Channel 80

</doc>
<doc id="9635909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635909" title="Bill Weick">
Bill Weick

Bill Weick is a wrestler best known in the midwestern United States. After winning the 1949 Illinois state title at Tilden Tech High School, Weick won two NCAA titles competing for the University of Northern Iowa in 1952 and 1955. During 1953–1954, he served in the U.S. Army. 
Weick was a member of the first U.S. World Greco-Roman team in 1961. He was a runner-up at the AAU National Championships three times and was a seven-time placewinner competing in both freestyle and Greco-Roman. From 1961–65, Weick trained for international wrestling with the San Francisco Olympic Club. He also coached at San Francisco State, and served a year as the team’s head coach.
He was on the U.S. Olympic team coaching staff in freestyle in 1972, 1980, 1984 and 1988, and worked with the Greco-Roman team in 1976. Weick was head coach of the 1975 Pan American Games team that won the team title, and also coached U.S. teams at the 1975 World Cup, as well as three Junior World Championships (1969, 1977, 1979) and the 1981 World University Games. Among the nations where Weick traveled to coach U.S. teams were Cuba, Mongolia, Panama, Romania, Canada, Russia and France.
His high school coaching career is legendary, with a reported career record of 749–112–2. He started as a coach with Maquoketa High in Iowa, then served most of his career coaching in Illinois at Tilden Tech, Mount Carmel High School (Chicago) and Brother Rice High School, where he currently coaches. 
The teams at Mount Carmel, where he coached from 1986–2003, achieved national acclaim. Under Weick, Mount Carmel won the state dual meet title three straight years (1992–94) and was second two times (1998, 2002). He had 22 individual state champions during his tenure, the most of any Illinois school during his time there.
One of the athletes he coached at Mount Carmel was Joe Williams, who went on to win three NCAA titles, two World medals and competed on the 2004 U.S. Olympic Team. In 1999, two of his Mount Carmel wrestlers competed against each other in the NCAA Div. I finals, when T.J. Williams of Iowa beat Tony Davis of Northern Iowa.
Among the Halls of Fame that he has been inducted are the Helms Hall of Fame, the Illinois Wrestling Coaches and Officials Hall of Fame, the Univ. of Northern Iowa Hall of Fame, the Glen Brand Iowa Hall of Fame, the Mount Carmel Hall of Fame, the Tilden Tech Hall of Fame and the National Wrestling Hall of Fame. He was the Illinois Coach of the Year in 1984. 
He has received the National Coach of the Year award from the National Federation of High School Associations. Weick was named Chicagoan of the Year by the Chicago Parks Department in 1995. He was the Grand Marshall of the 1986 Illinois State High School Wrestling Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9635926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635926" title="Verdi Square">
Verdi Square

Verdi Square is a small triangle of land enclosed by a railing, located on Manhattan's Upper West Side, between 72nd Street and 73rd Street on the south and north, and Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue on the west and east. On the south the square fronts West 72nd Street; across the street to the south lies Sherman Square. On the north it is enclosed by the Florentine Renaissance palazzo of the Central Savings Bank, now Apple Bank for Savings ("illustration, left"); the trapezoidal structure, with a vast vaulted Roman banking hall 65 feet high, was designed by York and Sawyer and built in 1926–28.
In the center of Verdi Square stands a monument to opera composer Giuseppe Verdi, erected in 1906. A statue of him by Pasquale Civiletti (1858–1952) stands at the top of it and statues of four of his most famous characters (Falstaff, Leonora of "La forza del destino", Aida and Otello) are on the base below him. In the landscaping devised by Lynden Miller in 2004, flowers around the statue bloom in the spring and summer months.
The 72nd Street IRT subway station ( trains) lies under the square.
In the 1960s and 1970s Verdi Square and Sherman Square were known by local drug users and dealers as "needle park" as depicted in "The Panic in Needle Park" (1971). Part of this was due to Verdi Square's location between the 72nd Street entrance to Central Park, which leads directly into Strawberry Fields (long known as a gathering place for illicit behavior), and the 72nd Street entrance to Riverside Park. In addition, some of the subway lines servicing the 72nd Street station make express trips to both Harlem and the Bronx, both of which suffered from rampant crime during the 1960s and 1970s.
A new second entrance head house to 72nd Street, completed in 2002, has increased the pedestrian area to the west, taking in a former lane of Broadway traffic. The addition of the new head house has incorporated Verdi Square as part of the pedestrian complex. This, coupled with an increased NYPD presence in the new head house, has decreased the area's popularity among criminals and aided the gentrification of the neighborhood.
In 2006 a group of Upper West Side music lovers in partnership with the New York City Dept. of Parks & Recreation created the annual Verdi Square Festival of the Arts: a series of three free outdoor September Sunday afternoon concerts presenting young musicians in repertoire ranging from opera to bluegrass. The festival brings music back to a square frequented by Caruso, Chaliapin, Toscanini, the Gershwin brothers and other famous musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="9635931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635931" title="CFLX-FM">
CFLX-FM

CFLX-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 95.5 FM in Sherbrooke, Quebec. The station airs a francophone community radio format for Sherbrooke and the Estrie region. More than 50% of its weekly programation is produced live.
The callsign CFLX is made after the name of the very famous Quebec poet Félix Leclerc.
The current CEO is Jacques Lavoie.

</doc>
<doc id="9635936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635936" title="Wyanet Township, Bureau County, Illinois">
Wyanet Township, Bureau County, Illinois

Wyanet Township is one of twenty-five townships in Bureau County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,364 and it contained 587 housing units. Wyanet Township changed its name from Centre Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these five cemeteries: Aldrich Family, County Home, Forest Hill, Sapp and Triplett.

</doc>
<doc id="9635960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635960" title="Kamov Ka-31">
Kamov Ka-31

The Kamov Ka-31 (NATO reporting name 'Helix') is a military helicopter developed for the Soviet Navy and currently in service in Russia, China, Cuban Navy and India in the naval airborne early warning role.
As with all Kamov helicopters except the Ka-60/-62 family, the Ka-31 has co-axially mounted contra-rotating main rotors. The airframe of the Ka-31 is based on the Kamov Ka-27. One visually distinctive feature of the Ka-31 is the large antenna of the early warning radar, which is either rotating or folded and stowed under the fuselage. The second is the reduction of the bulky electro-optical sensory suite beneath the cockpit. The landing gear retracts in order to prevent interference with the radar.
Design and development.
The Kamov Joint Stock Company (then, Kamov DB), began development of the Ka-31 medium-weight naval helicopter in 1980 and the first flight took place in 1987. This development was the direct result of the cancellation of the shipborne Antonov An-71 AWACS aircraft. The An-71 was intended to be deployed on the Soviet Navy's first true aircraft carrier, "Admiral Kuznetsov" (then known as "Tbilisi"). The An-71 was cancelled in favour of the Yakovlev Yak-44. Though Yak-44 was in development (and not yet cancelled) at that time, the Soviet Navy wanted a stop-gap measure and began investigating other viable platforms to act as an AEW, on sea.
With the wealth of knowledge in operating shipborne helicopter operations, the Soviet Navy selected the tested and reliable Kamov Ka-27 airframe. The Kamov Design Bureau was already in the process of developing the Ka-29. Nizhny Novgorod Radio Engineering Institute was working on a Radar Design to be used on the An-71, the same design (with suitable changes). So they were all mated in 1980 and the design was known as Ka-29RLD. The radar development took time, and it was not until 1987, did the first flight took place. The production version of the Ka-29RLD/-31 was very different from the Ka-29 from which it was derived.
Some of the distinct features of the Kamov Ka-31 are:
Modification.
Some of the engineering changes from Ka-29 are, the change in powerplant, the addition of the APUs and most importantly the secondary Hydraulic system. The radar is the E-801M OKO "("EYE")" planar array
designed by the Nizhny Novgorod Radio Engineering Institute.
Radar of the Ka-31 airborne early warning helicopter has a 360° coverage and can spot aircraft-size target from 150 km range. Surface ships are spotted from 100 - 200 km range. Radar can track 30 - 40 targets simultaneously. Helicopter has a datalink to transfer the target tracking data to the command post(land base or mother ship). The Ka-31 is fitted with GPS and digital terrain mapping systems.
The operational variants delivered also had a Flight Information Recorder designed by the St.Petersburg/Leningrad Electrotechnical Institute, fitted in the tailcone. By the time the Yak-44 was canceled, additional responsibility of Command & control fell into the KA-29RLD/Ka-31's hands.
Operational history.
The development and trials began in 1987 in earnest, but they were plagued by the political turmoil and the defense budget cuts in the late 1980s and the early 1990s. Finally the aircraft entered service in very limited numbers with the Russian Navy in 1995 with its Admiral Kuznetsov class aircraft carrier and Sovremenny class destroyers.
The Indian Navy ordered four Ka-31 radars in 1999, and a further five in 2001. Full-scale volume production of the helicopter started in 2002. The first batch of four entered service with the Indian Navy in April 2003. The second batch were delivered in 2005.
With the Indian Navy becoming a one carrier navy, it not only operated the helicopters from aircraft carriers and destroyers, but also from its shore-based naval air stations. The operation with the Indian Navy revealed a major drawback of the aircraft, its limited endurance/range, the chief element of a Taskforce/Battlegroup. So, HAL was commissioned to experiment and possibly adapt a helicopter-to-helicopter refuelling system. Also, in the Indian service, the aircraft received Abris GPS system featuring a 12-channel receiver and option to employ Differential GPS references, designed by the Kronstad itself.
The later batches featured navigational equipment for digital terrain maps, ground-proximity warning, obstacle approach warning, auto-navigation of pre-programmed routes, flight stabilization and auto homing onto and landing at the parent carrier/base and information concerning the helicopter's tactical situation.
Chinese PLA navy official publication revealed Ka-31 helicopter in Feb 2013. It is reported Chinese Ka-31s are based in naval base in eastern China. Intense training is being conducted to ensure these helicopters will be able to provide service when the first Chinese aircraft carrier enters service.

</doc>
<doc id="9635964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635964" title="Francin">
Francin

Francin is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
The Château de Carron is found here.

</doc>
<doc id="9635968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635968" title="Magnolia Bridge">
Magnolia Bridge

The Magnolia Bridge, built in 1930, connects the Seattle neighborhoods of Magnolia and Interbay over the filled-in tidelands of Smith Cove. It is one of only three road connections from Magnolia to the rest of Seattle. It carries W. Garfield Street from Magnolia Way W. in the west to the intersection of Elliott and 15th Avenues W. in the east. Having been damaged in the 2001 Nisqually earthquake, it is currently scheduled for replacement.
In 1910, when a bridge was first proposed for this location, Queen Anne Hill and Magnolia were already connected by several trestles across Interbay, each spanning the railway that ran north-south through Interbay. By 1912 a wooden trestle had been built. The wooden trestle was replaced by a concrete structure in 1930, improved in 1957 to provide a grade separation from Elliott Avenue West and, in 1960, renamed as the Magnolia Bridge as a result of community efforts by Magnolia residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9635984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635984" title="Ngao District">
Ngao District

Ngao (; ) is a district ("amphoe") of Lampang Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise): Mae Mo, Chae Hom and Wang Nuea of Lampang Province, Mueang Phayao and Dok Khamtai of Phayao Province, and Song of Phrae Province.
The Phi Pan Nam Mountains dominate the landscape of the district. A section of Tham Pha Thai National Park is located in Ngao District.
History.
Originally named Mueang Ngao, the district was renamed to Ngao in 1938, as the prefix "Mueang" was then reserved for the capital districts of the provinces.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 10 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 78 villages ("muban"). Hon Wang Nuea is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers the "tambon" Luang Nuea. There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9635986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635986" title="Alexa Kenin">
Alexa Kenin

Alexa Jordan Kenin (February 16, 1962 – September 10, 1985) was an American actress known for her supporting roles in several films released during the 1980s, including "Little Darlings" (1980), "Honkytonk Man" (1982), and "Pretty in Pink" (1986) which was released after her death.
Career.
Kenin was born in New York City. Her parents divorced when she was young and her mother, actress Maya Kenn, married character actor John Ryan. Kenin began acting as a child and won her first professional role opposite Jason Robards in the 1972 television movie "House Without a Christmas Tree". At the age of ten, she was offered the role of Regan MacNeil in "The Exorcist". Kenin turned the role down and Linda Blair was eventually cast. 
In 1977, Kenin appeared in John Guare's "Landscape of the Body" at The Public Theater and in the off-Broadway production of "Elusive Angel". In December 1980, she portrayed the role of "Libby" in the touring production of Neil Simon's "I Ought to Be in Pictures", starring Bill Macy and Patricia Harty. She also guest starred in several episodes of "ABC Afterschool Special", and in the 1982 TV film "A Piano for Mrs. Cimino" opposite Bette Davis.
At the age of 17, Kenin and her mother moved to Los Angeles after her mother divorced John Ryan. Kenin attended Beverly Hills High School while also maintaining her acting career. In 1979, she was cast in the CBS sitcom "Co-Ed Fever". The series was canceled after one episode. The following year, she co-starred in the teen comedy "Little Darlings", starring Kristy MacNichol and Tatum O'Neal. 
In 1982, Kenin guest starred on episodes of "The Facts of Life" and "Gimme a Break!". In the same year she played, in "Honkytonk Man", the part of an aspiring young singer alongside Clint Eastwood as he makes his way to Nashville. One of Kenin's final roles was in the John Hughes film "Pretty in Pink".
Death.
On September 10, 1985, Kenin was found dead in her Manhattan apartment soon after the filming of "Pretty in Pink". The film was released after her death and dedicated to her memory.

</doc>
