<doc id="9760035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760035" title="Ken Hogan">
Ken Hogan

James Kenneth "Ken" Hogan (born 1 May 1963) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
Born in Lorrha, County Tipperary, Hogan first excelled at hurling whilst at school at the Presentation College, Birr. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team, before later joining the under-21 team. He joined the senior team during the 1986 championship. Hogan went on to play a key role for Tipperary during a successful era for the team, and won two All-Ireland medals, five Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions throughout his career, however, Hogan never won a Railway Cup medal. At club level he played with Lorrha-Dorrha.
Throughout his career Hayes made 20 championship appearances for Tipperary. His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1993 championship.
In retirement from playing, Hogan became involved in team management and coaching. He has served as manager of the Tipperary senior and under-21 teams, as well as a number of club teams.
Early life.
From a young age Ken Hogan showed great skill at the game of hurling. He was educated at the local national school and later studied at the Presentation College in Birr, County Offaly. Here his hurling skills were further developed. Here Hogan won a Leinster colleges' titles.
Playing career.
Club.
Hogan began playing hurling with his local club, Lorrha-Dorrha, at a young age. He first tasted success with the club winning two under-14 'B' championship medals in 1976 and 1977. Hogan subsequently won a North Tipperary under-21 'B' medal in 1983. He also won two North Tipperary senior hurling championship medals, captaining his side to the title in 1989.
Minor & under-21.
Hogan's talent as a hurler was quickly spotted by the Tipperary inter-county selectors and he joined the minor panel in 1980. That year he enjoyed his first major success when he captured a Munster title in that grade. He later lined out in the minor championship decider with Wexford providing the opposition. Tipp had a relatively comfortable 2-15 to 1-10 win, giving Hogan a coveted All-Ireland medal.
Hogan later joined the Tipperary under-21 panel, winning a Munster title at this level in 1983. He later lined out in the All-Ireland final against Galway. A final score of 0-12 to 1-9 in Galway's favour meant that Hogan ended up on the losing side. In 1984 he added a second consecutive Munster under-21 title to his collection before later lining out in a second consecutive All-Ireland final. Kilkenny were the opponents on that occasion, but Tipp were defeated again by 1-12 to 0-11. It was Hogan's last year with the county under-21 team.
Senior.
Hogan subsequently joined the Tipperary senior panel and made his debut in 1987. It proved to be a successful year for Tipp as the county won its first Munster title in 16 years following a dramatic draw and a replay with Cork in FitzGerald Stadium, Killarney . In the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final Galway put an end to Tipp's dream season with a 3-20 to 2-17 defeat.
1988 began well for Hogan as he added a National Hurling League medal to his collection. He later captured his second Munster medal following another victory over Cork. A subsequent defeat of Antrim allowed Tipp to advance to the 'All-Ireland final against Galway. With an extra year's experience it was expected that Tipp might shade the victory. Galway, however, used this to motivate themselves. Noel Lane scored the crucial goal for Galway while Nicky English sent a late penalty over the bar for a point. A 1-15 to 0-14 score line resulted in victory for Galway.
In 1989 Tipperary were still the best team in Munster and Hogan won his third provincial title in-a-row after a 0-26 to 2-8 trouncing of Waterford. For the third time in as many years Tipp faced Galway in the All-Ireland series, but on this occasion the men from the West were without their star player Tony Keady. The game turned out to be a tense and unsavoury affair as Tipp finally triumphed over Galway. Antrim, the surprise winners of the other semi-final, provided the opposition in the subsequent All-Ireland final. It was an historic occasion as it was only the second appearance of an Ulster team in the championship decider. Antrim's relative inexperience robbed the final of any real element of contest and Tipp romped home to a 4-24 to 3-9 win. Tipp thus preserved their record of being the only team to win an All-Ireland title in every decade in GAA history. It was Hogan's first senior All-Ireland medal.
In 1990 Tipperary surrendered their Munster crown to Cork for the first time in four years. This defeat followed Babs Keating's infamous remark about Cork that "donkeys don't win derbies".
Tipp returned in 1991 and defeated Cork in a thrilling Munster final replay giving Hogan his fourth provincial medal. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Tipp take on Kilkenny for the first time in twenty years. A freak goal by Michael Cleary in the first-half gave Tipp a lead which they never surrendered. A 1-16 to 0-15 victory allowed Hogan to capture his second All-Ireland medal in three years.
1992 saw Tipp exit the championship at an early stage, however, the team bounced back for one last hurrah in 1993. That year Hogan added a fifth Munster medal to his collection as Tipp trounced Clare by 3-27 to 2-12. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Tipp renew their rivalry with Galway; however, on this occasion Galway took the spoils. This defeat brought the curtain down on Tipp's great revival while also being an end to Hogan's inter-county career.
Managerial career.
Tipperary Senior.
Hogan maintained a keen interest in hurling following his retirement as a player. He served as a selector under Fr Tom Fogarty in the mid-1990s when Fogarty was Tipperary manager. He later held the same position under Nicky English in the early 2000s. Hogan succeeded Michael Doyle as manager of the Tipperary senior hurling team in 2003. He served as manager for two seasons but, apart from a Munster final appearance, had little success.
Tipperary Under-21.
On 11 September 2010, Tipperary Under-21 hurlers, managed by Hogan, clinched the All Ireland Under-21 title by defeating Galway by 5-22 to 0-12 at Semple Stadium.
Hogan managed the Under-21 team from 2009 until stepping down in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9760059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760059" title="Southern yellow pine">
Southern yellow pine

Southern yellow pine (often abbreviated SYP) doesn't refer to any one species of tree, but rather a group of species which are classified as yellow pine (as opposed to white pine), and are native to the Southern United States. They grow very well in the acidic red clay soil found in most of the region. The varieties include Loblolly, longleaf, shortleaf, and slash pines. It typically has a density value between 50–55 lbs/cubic foot when pressure treated. 
Uses.
Dimensional lumber and plywood products manufactured from southern yellow pine are used extensively in home construction in the United States. They are also used for wooden roller coasters.

</doc>
<doc id="9760061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760061" title="Methodist Mission">
Methodist Mission

The Methodist Mission was founded in Oregon Country in 1834 by the Reverend Jason Lee. Started by United States Protestant missionaries to educate the Native Americans in the Willamette Valley, it developed as an important center for European-American politics and economics in the early settlement period of Oregon. People associated with the mission set up the first government in Oregon. In 1842, settlers established the Oregon Institute as the first school in the territory for European-American children and bought a mission building originally intended for Native children. The mission closed down about 1844.
The mission was founded about five years after 90 percent of the Native Americans in the lower Willamette Valley had died as a result of infectious disease epidemics. The mission did some teaching and set up trading posts, but accomplished little in terms of conversions to Christianity.
Foundation.
In 1831, several Nez Perce Indians were said to have traveled to St. Louis, Missouri and met with General William Clark of the Lewis and Clark Expedition to inquire about the “white man’s God” from the General. This spurred a missionary movement to convert the Native Americans to Christianity. In 1834 the Methodist Church sent the Reverend Jason Lee, his nephew the Reverend Daniel Lee, Cyrus Shepard, Philip Leget Edwards, and Courtney M. Walker overland to preach to the Flathead Indians (Salish). The group contracted with the entrepreneur Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth to travel overland with his party and to ship supplies around Cape Horn on Wyeth’s ship "May Dacre".
Lee ignored the missionary board’s instructions and traveled to Oregon Country, where he set up a mission in the Willamette Valley. John McLoughlin, district director of the Hudson’s Bay Company recommended the Willamette Valley as a better spot for settlement than the area to the north where the Flathead lived. The mission was 60 miles up the Willamette River from its junction with the Columbia. The mission built a cabin, barn, and fencing before the first winter set in.
Operations.
In the early years of the Mission, Lee also preached to the Catholic French Canadian settlers of the French Prairie. He performed marriages and baptisms for that group as no Catholics priests were yet in the Willamette Valley. This continued until François Norbert Blanchet arrived and held the first Mass on the French Prairie on January 6, 1840.
Soon after building the Mission, Lee and his men built the Indian Mission School to be used to teach the Native American children the ways of Western society. Philip Edwards was the first teacher of the group which totaled around 30 students. These students came from both Native tribes and from the families of the French Canadian settlers, many of whom had married Native Americans. In 1835, the first class had 14 Native students. Seven died and five ran away from the school. The following year the school admitted 25 students. Sixteen became sick, and only one student converted to Christianity.
In 1837, Dr. Elijah White and seven other missionaries arrived aboard the ship "Hamilton" to reinforce the Mission. Others joining from this group include Alanson Beers and William H. Willson, and several women. The women included White's and Beers' wives, Elvira Johnson, Susan Downing, and Anna Maria Pittman. Five children also arrived with the party, with the entire group arriving in May. Men of the settlement and single mission women promptly chose mates. On June 16, 1837, Cyrus Shepard married Susan Downing and Jason Lee married Anna Pittman. Two more ministers, David Leslie and H. K. W. Perkins, arrived at the Mission on September 7, 1837, along with teacher Margaret Jewett Smith Bailey.
In March 1838, Jason Lee and Phillip Edwards traveled to the East to recruit more settlers for the Oregon Country. On this journey they carried a petition signed by 29 pioneers including Ewing Young, asking the United States Congress to create a territory out of Oregon and extend its jurisdiction over the region. While Lee was away, his wife died in childbirth. Lee also lectured along the way and on the East Coast, leading to the raising of $42,000 for the cause. In addition, he attracted nearly 40 adults (with 18 children), who sailed to Oregon and the Mission.
This second group arrived at the Mission in October 1839 aboard the ship "Lausanne", increasing the number of people at the Mission to sixty. They were known as the “Great Reinforcement” and included had 32 men and women, along with 18 of their children. The Methodist Mission opened branches at Nisqually north of the Columbia River, on the Clatsop Plains near the mouth of the Columbia, and at the falls on the Willamette River near what is now Oregon City. Notable arrivals with this group included Doctor Ira L. Babcock, George Abernethy, Alvin F. Waller, Josiah Lamberson Parrish, Gustavus Hines, Lewis H. Judson, W. W. Kone, Joseph H. Frost, and J. P. Richmond.
Mission Bottom.
The Methodist Mission was originally located on the Willamette River at the present-day Willamette Mission State Park, in an area known as Mission Bottom. The missionaries built the Mission, and operated a small retail store that traded with the French Canadian settlers and the Native Americans. The Mission traded surplus manufactured goods for items such as lumber or food stuffs. In 1837, the missionaries added a large granary and hospital to the compound.
Beginning in 1840, the Methodists began to move from Mission Bottom. That year Jason Lee moved to the Mission Mill site in what is now Salem, while some others transferred to the Willamette Falls branch. In 1841, the Indian Manual Labor School was re-located to Chemeketa near Salem. After George Gary replaced Lee in 1844, he sold off the remaining buildings at Mission Bottom. With the flood in 1861, all the old mission buildings at the site were washed away except the granary and hospital.
The Dalles.
Jason Lee’s nephew Daniel Lee established a branch mission at The Dalles along the Columbia River. Rev. Daniel Lee and Rev. Henry K. W. Perkins established The Dalles Mission on March 21, 1838, under the direction of Jason Lee. The mission there became known as Wascopam, named for the Wasco tribe at that location. Alvin Waller was transferred to this branch in 1840 from the Willamette Falls location, and the Wascopam Mission was at first successful in converting the Native Americans. The mission consisted of a schoolhouse, garden, stable, barn, and two dwellings along with a cleared pasture adjacent to the wood huts used by the Native American villagers. Missionaries used Pulpit Rock at the site to preach to the natives.
In 1847, the Wascopam Mission was sold for $600 to Marcus Whitman, located near what is now Walla Walla, Washington. After the Whitman Massacre later in 1847, survivors returned the property to the Methodist Mission. It did not use the mission again and the buildings decayed. The United States Army burned the structures after erecting Fort Dalles. The federal government paid the Methodists $24,000 for the land, but they later had to return $23,000 when lawsuits determined the Methodists had never obtained good title to the land.
Willamette Falls.
At the Willamette Falls station of the Mission, the missionaries built a storehouse to use in the trade of goods. In August 1842, the main mercantile store of the Mission was transferred to this location, in what became Oregon City. George Abernethy was appointed as head of the retail operation. In 1844, the Methodist Mission ceased all secular business, such as the mercantile trade at Oregon City.
Astoria.
Joseph H. Frost and William Kone were sent to the Clatsop Plains at the mouth of the Columbia River after arrival in May 1840 as part of the Great Reinforcement. The Clatsop, the local tribe, assisted the missionaries in the construction of their house. The missionary outpost was unsuccessful as Frost was unable to convert any Natives during his three years there. In 1843, Reverend Parrish was placed in charge of the mission, replacing Frost. The next year the mission was discontinued, and Parrish purchased the facility from the missionary board and settled there.
Mission Mill.
The mission moved to present-day Salem, near where the Mission Mill Museum is located.
Demise.
Beginning in 1829, infectious disease was responsible for high fatalities among Native Americans in the Willamette Valley. By what was later called the Columbian Exchange, settlers introduced Eurasian diseases long endemic to their society, but the natives had little or no immunity to these. Their populations were decimated. Historians estimate that nearly 90% of the Native Americans in the Lower Columbia region died during the 1829 epidemic.
With few natives to convert, the Mission soon had little purpose.
Legacy.
In Salem on January 17, 1842 at Jason Lee’s home, a group of settlers met and formed the Oregon Institute as a school for the Euro-American children in the area. A ten-person board of trustees was created; they selected the Wallace House three miles north of Salem to serve as the school. At that time the Mission was building a new three-story structure to serve as a school for the Native Americans.
With the Mission closing, in 1844 it sold the building to the Institute for $4,000. That year the school opened with Chloe A. Clark Willson as the first teacher of the school, considered the first for European-American children west of the state of Missouri. (Note: Early Oregon histories bragged that this was the first school for European Americans west of the Mississippi River, but St. Louis Academy was founded by Jesuits in Saint Louis, Missouri in 1818.) The Oregon Institute developed into Willamette University in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="9760071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760071" title="Wisconsin Governor's Mansion">
Wisconsin Governor's Mansion

The Executive Residence, known better as the Governor's Mansion, is located at 99 Cambridge Road in the Village of Maple Bluff, Wisconsin, on the eastern shore of Lake Mendota. It is only one of four official state governor's residences in the country that is not located within its state's capital (the others being Drumthwacket, located in Princeton, New Jersey, instead of Trenton, Ohio Governor's Mansion, located in the suburb of Bexley instead of Columbus, and Tennessee Governor's Mansion, located in Oak Hill instead of Nashville, Tennessee).
Construction was started during 1920 for Madison industrialist Carl A. Johnson as a home. Twelve years later, it was purchased by Thomas R. Hefty, a Madison banker, who sold it to the State during 1949 for $47,500. Governors of Wisconsin, and their families, have resided in the residence ever since.
Architect Frank Riley of Madison, Wisconsin, designed the mansion in the southern Classical Revival style. The Residence sits on along Lake Mendota. Although it was renovated extensively during the 1960s, the Residence now is much as Johnson planned originally. The more than of living space include 34 rooms, 13 bathrooms and 7 bedrooms and fireplaces. Several items of Wisconsin historical interest may be found throughout the Executive Residence. The wrought-iron fence on the street side of the property originally surrounded the old State Capitol Building. The mansion is wood framed structure with painted stucco over sandstone and hollow clay tile face. It is three stories high and has a basement level for a total of 20,777 gross square feet. There are 7 major garden areas, including a screened-in gazebo and winding walkways that lead to the lake shore.
Public access.
An estimated 20,000 visitors a year pass through the doors for receptions, dinners, meetings, and public tours. Governor Scott Walker is the 14th governor to live in the Executive Residence.
Public tours are offered every Thursday during the months of April through August from 1:00 to 3:00 p.m.
Holiday tours are also offered during December. 
There is no charge for admission. Groups of 20 or more are required to make a reservation.
Solar power.
In 2009, then Governor Jim Doyle requested the installation of solar panels on the side roof of the governor's mansion. The plan was approved by a board that handles building projects. The panels power the hot water heater for the residence.
Administration.
The building is administered by the State Capital & Executive Residence Board (SCERB), which must approve the annual maintenance budget and major capital improvements. The 16-member State Capitol Executive Residence Board includes 7 citizen members with specified expertise appointed by the governor to serve staggered 6-year terms. The purpose of the State Capitol and Executive Residence Board is to: "direct the continuing and consistent maintenance of the property, decorative furniture and furnishings of the Capitol and Executive Residence". The staff of the Residence are part of the Wisconsin Department of Administration's Capital Bureau Building Management team. An on-site Capital Police detail guards the building year-round. 
The Wisconsin Executive Residence Foundation, a non-profit, raises money to pay for maintenance that SCERB is unable or unwilling to spend state tax dollars on. The Wisconsin Executive Residence Foundation was established during 1964 by act of the Wisconsin Legislature at the request of Dorothy Knowles, the wife of Governor Warren Knowles. She said at the time " the place was a firetrap, we were afraid to move in." After the establishment of the foundation, the Residence received its first major renovation since its purchase during 1949. Each First Lady of the state is ex-officio chairman of the foundation's board.

</doc>
<doc id="9760090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760090" title="The House on the Strand">
The House on the Strand

The House on the Strand is a novel by Daphne du Maurier. First published in 1969 by Victor Gollancz, it is one of her later works and had a jacket illustration by her daughter, Flavia Tower. The US edition was published by Doubleday.
Like many of du Maurier's novels, "The House on the Strand" has a supernatural element (though in this case, it can also be accounted as science fiction). It is concerned with the ability to mentally travel back in time and experience historical events at first hand - but not to influence them. 
It is set in and around Kilmarth (where Daphne du Maurier lived from 1967) near the Cornish village of Tywardreath, which in fact translates from the Cornish language as "House on the Strand". 
Plot summary.
The narrator, Dick Young, has been offered the use of Kilmarth, the house of his biophysicist friend Magnus Lane, in Cornwall. He also agrees to act as a guinea-pig for a drug Magnus has developed. 
On taking it for the first time, he finds that it enables him to enter into the landscape around him as it was during the early 14th century. He becomes drawn into the lives of the people he sees there, particularly Lady Isolda Carminowe, and he is soon addicted to the experience. 
Within the landscape Dick is compelled to follow Roger, steward to Sir Henry Champernoune, Lord of the Manor. Roger hides his enduring love for Isolda until the day he dies, and Dick comes to share this love. 
Each visit corresponds to a key moment in the story of Isolda and Roger. Each time Dick returns to real time he is more confused; throughout the experience he is unable to interact with Roger or Isolda. Any attempt to do so brings Dick crashing back to the present in a state of nauseous exhaustion. (The drug has other dangers in that following Roger means that Dick walks unaware through the modern landscape with all the danger that entails.) 
His wife, Vita, and stepsons join him in Cornwall and are worried by his bizarre behaviour. It is made clear that Dick does not truly love his wife, and certainly does not want to act as father to her sons—which makes plausible his increasing desire to escape into the past. 
His friend Magnus intends to join Dick but before he does so is killed in what seems like a bizarre accident or suicide—struck by a train whilst straying onto the local railway track. Dick knows the truth, that Magnus was under the influence of the drug; this makes the inquest difficult. 
Dick's second to last trip ends with him attempting to attack a woman named Lady Joanna in the 14th century, but in reality attacking Vita. She and her children hide from him and he contacts a doctor who helps to wean him from his addiction to the drug. Dick explains the power of the drug and the doctor has the drug analysed and reveals its extremely dangerous nature to Dick. However his addiction is such that he takes the last remaining dose soon after.
Dick's last visit to the 14th century culminates in Roger confessing his love and the fact that he ensured that Isolda died pleasantly rather than succumb to a worse fate. Roger dies and Dick wakes. Since both Roger (his doppelganger/receptor) and Isolda are dead, Dick has little incentive to return to the other world, but in any case there is no drug left to ease his passage there. As the book closes Dick attempts to pick up the phone but suddenly finds he is unable to grip it.
The ending is ambiguous: is Dick dead, paralysed or simply collapsing? Daphne du Maurier said of it:
"What about the hero of "The House on the Strand"? What did it mean when he dropped the telephone at the end of the book? I don’t really know, but I rather think he was going to be paralysed for life. Don’t you?"

</doc>
<doc id="9760098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760098" title="Sheryle Moon">
Sheryle Moon

Sheryle Moon is recognised as a leader in the Australian IT and recruitment industries. She was named by Prime Minister John Howard as one of the 20 most influential women and a founding member of the Honoring Women Program on Australia Day in 2001. She is a Telstra Business Woman on the Year in 1999, the Australian National University Hall of Fame for her contributions to the ICT and business sectors. Sheryle has served on a number of government advisory Boards related to the growth of the status and career progression of women as well as advising in the ICT arena. Sheryle also served as the IT Strategic Advisor to the Board of Crimtrac from 2002 to 2008. She was named as an Adjunct professor attached to the Governance Institute at the University of Canberra, in 2000.
Sheryle is a graduate of Sydney University, where she completed her under graduate degree in Economics and Education and the Australian National University where she completed her Masters in Management with a major in Technology. She has been called on by both universities as an alumni to speak at various graduation and other events.
Career highlights.
She has worked for more than 25 years in the professional services sector split between the ICT and recruitment industries. Sheryle Moon is currently the CEO of Fast Track Australia, an Australian software company providing products and services to Government and Private Sector clients in the Governance, Risk and Compliance arena. Previous roles include CEO Australian Institute of Project Management. 
[www.switzer.com.au/video/sheryle-moon], Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Information Industry Association, and was recognised by the AIIA Board as making a real difference while in her role Vice President of Computer Sciences Corporation, and a managing partner with Accenture.
Sheryle was a prominent commentator on the state of ICT in Australia. She has spoken at international conferences about technology and its use in business.
Sheryle's last senior recruitment role was in 2008 when she was the President Australia & New Zealand for the Ross and Julia Ross brands, one of Australia's premier ASX listed recruitment companies.In her time at Julia Ross the company used Facebook to connect with candidates and also won a Green award from the Recruitment Consultant Services Association. The RCSA is a peak association that represents and services the interests of recruitment and on-hire companies for the increased profile and professionalism of the sector across Australia & New Zealand
Sheryle has also worked with Australia's largest Job Services Australia, Max Employment during their transition into the new Federal Government contract for providing employment for all Australians.
She was also the Director of Recruitment and Staffing Solutions, Australasia for employment services provider, Manpower Services Australia from 2002 to 2006. Her expertise and experience in the ICT sector is recognised with her inclusion on multiple boards advising the Australian Government on attraction and retention strategies for young people into the ICT industry, encouraging women into ICT and the high technology priorities for Australia. She is a supporter of Women in ICT has spoken nationally and internationally. An example is the speech she delivered for Women in Technology
Centre for Skills Development.
She was previously Director for the Centre for Skills Development (CSD), an organisation that executes behavioural change within a variety of situations. The CSD uses a methodology to move people from awareness and information to a desired state by being the catalyst in face to face experiences and through ongoing technology support. The Centre for Skills Development grew out of the need for Australia to more practically solve issues of social importance in areas such as health, education, financial literacy and skills shortages. The Centre for Skills runs one of the largest Face to Face Financial Literacy Skills programs in the world. Each year it touches over 100,000 young Australians and adults to improve their ability to live a better life. Sheryle co-authored a report on the need for schools to play an increased role in ensuring students are ICT literate.
Awards.
In 1999, Sheryle was named Telstra Australian Business Woman of the Year, and a year later was inducted into the Business Women's Hall of Fame. She sits on a number of private sector and Australian Government advisory boards. She has a Bachelor of Economics and a number of postgraduate qualifications, including a Masters of Management in Technology. She was recently inducted into the Australian National University's Hall of Fame for her contribution to Australian business prosperity and the ICT industry.
Writings.
Sheryle is an author and has published two books. The first (published in 2001) is a treatise on the attitudes of young Australians towards careers and jobs in the science, engineering and technology sectors. Called "SET for Life", it provided a number of recommendations and solutions to government and industry to address the declining numbers of young people choosing careers in industries which underpin Australia's future prosperity and economic growth.
Her second book, "SelfScape", examines practical strategies for achieving success and work/life balance in today's world.

</doc>
<doc id="9760126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760126" title="Interros">
Interros

Interros is a Russian conglomerate controlled by Russian oligarch Vladimir Potanin with large stakes in mining, metals, energy, finance, retail, real estate and other sectors. The company's headquarters are located in Moscow.
Origins.
The company was founded in the early 1990s by Vladimir Potanin and Mikhail Prokhorov, and the primary owner is Vladimir Potanin, with Mikhail Prokhorov having departed in 2007. Prokhorov would have received $7.5 billion for his shares in Interros.
Value.
Interros is a major Russian private investment company, and the total value of Interros stakes in various companies amounts to $30 billion as of January 1, 2007. The Group’s companies operate throughout Russia, Europe, Asia, and North America.
Activities.
The Company has main assets in the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="9760136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760136" title="Two's Company (musical)">
Two's Company (musical)

"Two's Company" is a musical revue with principal sketches by Charles Sherman and Peter DeVries, principal lyrics by Ogden Nash and Sammy Cahn, and principal music by Vernon Duke.
The evening consisted of a series of show business-themed comedy sketches and song-and-dance routines tailored for the talents of its centerpiece, Bette Davis, who accepted the challenge of an eight-shows-a-week schedule when good film roles failed to follow her triumph in "All About Eve".
The out-of-town tryout opened at the Shubert Theatre in Detroit on October 19, 1952. In the middle of the third chorus of her first song, an overworked Davis collapsed. Revived by her then-husband Gary Merrill, she walked to the apron of the stage and with a smile commented to the audience, "Well, you can't say I didn't fall for you!," winning over both them and the critics, whose reviews were kind. From there the show moved to Pittsburgh, where it was met with less enthusiasm, and the creative team began reshaping it on a nightly basis. By the time it reached Boston it was in serious trouble, and noted play doctor and Davis pal John Murray Anderson was called in for consultation. Roles were recast, sketches were eliminated and new ones added, and musical sequences were rearranged. Several songs were contributed by others, including Sheldon Harnick, and Horton Foote was among those who wrote additional sketch material.
Among the leading lady's characterizations were Tallulah Bankhead, Jeanne Eagels, an actress involved with an Italian director, a hillbilly singer on a television variety show, and a performer in parodies of plays by Noël Coward and Arthur Miller. 
With Davis bedridden due to exhaustion, the Broadway opening, scheduled for December 4, was postponed. The revue, directed by Jules Dassin and choreographed by Jerome Robbins, finally opened on December 15, 1952 at the Alvin Theatre, where it ran for 90 performances. In addition to Davis, the cast included David Burns, Nora Kaye, George S. Irving, Maria Karnilova, Tina Louise, Ellen Hanley, Stanley Prager, and Hiram Sherman, who won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical.
Despite mostly unfavorable notices, the show played to sold-out houses. Davis continued to suffer from fatigue, but doctors could find no physical cause. When a wisdom tooth became inflamed, it was discovered she was suffering from osteomyelitis of the jaw, which required immediate surgery. With no hope of Davis returning in the near future, the producers opted to close the show, losing $320,000 of their investment. The star's rehabilitation ultimately kept her unemployed for the next three years.
The original cast recording is available on compact disc on the Sepia label. The compact disc release includes six bonus tracks not on the original cast LP record.
References.
"Mother Goddam: The Story of the Career of Bette Davis" by Whitney Stine with Bette Davis, published by Hawthorn Books, Inc. (1974), pages 246-54 (ISBN 0-8015-5184-6) 

</doc>
<doc id="9760144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760144" title="Chris Timons">
Chris Timons

Chris Timons (born 8 December 1974) is an English professional footballer who plays as defender and midfielder for Shirebrook Town.
Career.
His previous clubs include Clipstone Miners Welfare, Mansfield Town, Halifax Town, Chesterfield, Leyton Orient, Stafford Rangers, Gainsborough Trinity, Altrincham, Stalybridge Celtic, Ilkeston Town, Harrogate Town and Rainworth MW.
In September 2007, he was appointed caretaker manager of Hucknall Town following the resignation of Andy Legg. His only game in charge was a defeat at Burscough F.C.. He left Hucknall Town for Ilkeston Town in summer 2008 but returned to Watnall Road in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9760173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760173" title="Leigh Wood (footballer)">
Leigh Wood (footballer)

Leigh James Wood (born May 21, 1983 in Selby, England) is an English footballer, currently playing for Selby Town FC after leaving Harrogate Town. He is at home anywhere in the centre of defence or midfield.
Leigh was released by York City in May 2004. He later joined Harrogate Town. He left the club in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9760174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760174" title="Eduard Erdmann">
Eduard Erdmann

Eduard Erdmann (5 March 1896 – 21 June 1958) was a Baltic German pianist and composer.
Erdmann was born in Wenden (Cēsis) in the Governorate of Livonia. He was the great-nephew of the philosopher Johann Eduard Erdmann. His first musical studies were in Riga, where his teachers were Bror Möllersten and Jean du Chastain (piano) and Harald Creutzburg (harmony and counterpoint). From 1914 he studied piano in Berlin with Conrad Ansorge and composition with Heinz Tiessen. In the 1920s and early 1930s his name was frequently cited among Germany's leading composers. Moreover, Erdmann had an international reputation as an outstanding concert pianist whose repertoire encompassed Beethoven and the advocacy of contemporary music. In 1925, he gave the premiere of Artur Schnabel's Piano Sonata, at the Venice ISCM Festival.
From 1925 he was professor of piano at the Cologne Academy of Music but was forced to resign from his post by the Nazis in 1935 and became an 'inner exile', composing almost nothing until after the end of World War II. 
He joined the Nazi Party in 1937; while not in sympathy with National Socialism, his decision was to avoid government harassment so that he could continue to work, like several other German musicians at the time. This action ruined his post-war reputation, and it did not recover in his lifetime. He resumed teaching as Professor of Piano at the Hochschule für Musik in Hamburg in 1950, but died of a heart-attack in 1958. His students at Hamburg included Aloys and Alfons Kontarsky. There has been little revival of interest in his own music and all his post-World War II works remain in manuscript; considering his inter-war eminence, he has received remarkably little attention up to the present day, but in 2006 the cpo label began issuing a series of CDs of his orchestral works.
Erdmann came to critical notice as a composer with the sensational success of his First Symphony (dedicated to Alban Berg) in 1919. He was also close friends with Ferruccio Busoni's pupil Philipp Jarnach, as well as Ernst Krenek, Artur Schnabel and Emil Nolde. Like Tiessen and Schnabel, he was deeply impressed by Schoenbergian and Bergian Expressionism but did not adopt the twelve-note method, preferring a freely and often totally chromatic vocabulary with little or no sense of key. His total output is quite small, and surprisingly contains very little piano music: but it came to include four symphonies, Nos. 3 and 4 dating from after World War II and thus still unpublished (although the Third Symphony was recorded and released on the CPO label with the Capricci opus 21). As early as 1920 Erdmann issued a credo in which he declared himself opposed to the extreme individualism in music from Ludwig van Beethoven to Arnold Schoenberg, and dedicated instead to the creation of a more objective music characterized by what he called the 'third-person forms' created by composers from Heinrich Schütz to Anton Bruckner.
Between 1921 and 1943, Erdmann often appeared with the Australian violinist Alma Moodie, who lived in Germany. Erdmann dedicated his Sonata for Solo Violin, Op. 12 (1921) to her, and she premiered it in Berlin in October 1921. The Australian-English critic Walter J. Turner wrote of a recital he heard them play in London in April 1934, ‘it was the best violin piano duo that I have ever heard’. Their last concert together was given on 4 March 1943, three days before Alma Moodie's death, when they were in the middle of the cycle of Beethoven sonatas.

</doc>
<doc id="9760179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760179" title="Renova Group">
Renova Group

Renova Group is a large Russian conglomerate with interests in aluminium, oil, energy, telecoms and a variety of other sectors. The main owner and president is Viktor Vekselberg.
The Renova Group is primarily active in Russia, the C.I.S. states, Switzerland, South Africa and the United States. Its major assets include participation in the oil company TNK-BP and in aluminum producer RUSAL.
In 2010 Renova Group entered into an agreement to provide funding for Fort Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="9760191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760191" title="Tiger (guitar)">
Tiger (guitar)

Tiger was Jerry Garcia's main guitar from 1979 to 1989. It was built by Sonoma County luthier Doug Irwin. The Tiger is named after the tiger inlaid on the preamp cover located on the guitar's top, just behind the tailpiece. The body features several layers of wood laminated together face-to-face in a configuration referred to as a "Hippie sandwich" by employees of Alembic Inc., where Irwin worked for a brief period in the early 1970s. The combination of several heavy varieties of wood, plus solid brass binding and hardware results in an unusually heavy instrument that tips the scales at 13½ pounds. After Garcia began using a new Irwin guitar (known as "Rosebud") in December 1989, Tiger became his backup guitar. Due to a problem with Rosebud during the Grateful Dead concert on July 9, 1995, Tiger was the last guitar Garcia played publicly.
Electronics.
The electronics of Garcia's Irwin guitars are unique, and feature an onboard preamp and effects loop. Much like a Stratocaster, the three pickups are selected with a five-way switch. Signal from the pickups passes through the tone controls, followed by an op-amp based buffer preamp, or Unity Gain Buffer, which is designed to prevent signal loss due to capacitance when long cables are used. From the preamp, the signal could be routed via a mini-toggle on the guitar's face to pass through a Y-cable to Garcia's effects rack, and then back into the guitar. This onboard effects loop serves to send the full output of Tiger's pickups to the effects while allowing the guitar's volume control to vary the final output. The effects loop could be bypassed by the aforementioned switch, sending the guitar's signal from the preamp to the volume control, and then out to Garcia's preamped (and heavily modified) Fender Twin Reverb into a McIntosh MC2300 solid state power amplifier. Tiger started with DiMarzio Dual Sound humbuckers in the middle and bridge positions with a DiMarzio SDs-1 single coil at the neck. The humbuckers were switched to Dimarzio Super II's in 1982. Each of the humbuckers is equipped with a coil cut switch. In summary, there is one 5 way pickup selector, one master volume control, one tone control which affects the neck and bridge pickups, and one which affects the middle pickup as well as three mini toggles, two for the coil-cut of the bridge and middle pickups respectively and one for the on-board effects loop on/off.
Disposition.
After Garcia's death, a dispute arose between Irwin and the Grateful Dead regarding ownership of Garcia's Irwin guitars. In his will, Garcia gave possession of these instruments to Irwin; the Grateful Dead challenged whether Garcia had the right to convey title and insisted that the band owned the instruments. The parties reached a settlement where Irwin was awarded Garcia's more famous instruments, and the Grateful Dead took possession of the majority of the guitars. Irwin sold his guitars, the Tiger and the Wolf, at auction on May 8, 2002. The Tiger was purchased by Jim Irsay for USD 850,000. The price, including commission was USD 957,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9760207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760207" title="Ethiopian Super Cup">
Ethiopian Super Cup

The Ethiopian Super Cup is a match competition in Ethiopian football, played between the Ethiopian Premier League champions and the Ethiopian Cup winners.

</doc>
<doc id="9760243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760243" title="Chris Bettney">
Chris Bettney

Chris Bettney (born 27 October 1977) is an English footballer who plays as right winger for Retford United.
Born in Chesterfield, England, Bettney can also play up front and scored his first league goal for Harrogate Town with a volley against Farsley Celtic in a 1-0 home win on Tuesday 7 February 2007. He added to his tally soon after with a free-kick away to Workington in Harrogate's 3-2 loss on 24 February 2007. In June 2008, he left Harrogate Town for Bradford Park Avenue. However, only six months later, he moved to Retford United, for whom he made his debut against Rushall Olympic.
References.
Chris Bettney during June 2011, joined Matlock Town.

</doc>
<doc id="9760251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760251" title="Poole versus HAL 9000">
Poole versus HAL 9000

Poole versus HAL 9000 is a fictional chess game in the movie "." In the movie, the astronaut Dr. Frank Poole is seen playing chess with the HAL 9000 supercomputer. As HAL is supposed to be infallible, no one is surprised when HAL soundly defeats Poole (though the novel mentions that HAL is programmed to win only 50% of the time in order for there to be some point in the astronauts ever playing).
The director Stanley Kubrick was a passionate chess player, so unlike many chess scenes shown in other films, the position and analysis make sense. The actual game seems to come from the tournament game between A. Roesch and W. Schlage, Hamburg 1910.
The game.
White: A. Roesch Black: W. Schlage Opening: Ruy Lopez (ECO C86)
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. Qe2
5... b5 6. Bb3 Be7 7. c3 0-0 8. 0-0 d5
9. exd5 Nxd5 10. Nxe5 Nf4 11. Qe4 Nxe5 12. Qxa8?
12... Qd3!
13. Bd1 Bh3!
14. Qxa6?
14... Bxg2 15. Re1 Qf3
0–1

</doc>
<doc id="9760271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760271" title="Paul Seymour (American football)">
Paul Seymour (American football)

Paul Christopher Seymour (born February 6, 1950) is a former professional American football player. He played five seasons for the Buffalo Bills.
A 6'5", 250 lbs. tackle from the University of Michigan, Seymour played for the Bills from 1973–1977 and was converted to a tight end.
In August 1978 the Bills traded Seymour to the Pittsburgh Steelers in exchange for wide receiver Frank Lewis. However, Seymour failed to pass the Steelers physical when they discovered that he had undergone surgery on his arches. Seymour was returned to the Bills, but he never played another NFL game.
Seymour currently resides in Okemos, Michigan. His older brother, Jim, was a standout wide receiver at the University of Notre Dame.

</doc>
<doc id="9760273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760273" title="Humblot's flycatcher">
Humblot's flycatcher

Humblot's flycatcher or the Grand Comoro flycatcher ("Humblotia flavirostris") is a small passerine bird belonging to the Old World flycatcher family. It is the only member of the its genus. Humblot's flycatcher is endemic to the island of Grand Comoro in the Comoros where it inhabits forest on the slopes of Mount Karthala.
The upperparts are grey-brown while the underparts are pale with dark streaks. It has a dark crown with pale streaks and the bill and feet are yellow-orange. The bird is 14 cm long. It is often silent but has a soft trilling call.
It feeds on insects which it catches by making short flights from a perch low in a tree or bush. Often, it will feed in groups of two or three. Little is known about its breeding habits; the only known nest was a cup built high in a tree which contained at least two young.
It is threatened because of destruction and degradation of the forest and the spread of introduced species. The population of 10,000-19,000 individuals is decreasing and the species is classed as endangered.
The scientific name commemorates the French naturalist Léon Humblot.

</doc>
<doc id="9760279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760279" title="Leaota Mountains">
Leaota Mountains

The Leaota Mountains are located in central Romania, north of the city Târgovişte. They are part of the Southern Carpathians group of the Carpathian Mountains, and have as neighbours the Bucegi Mountains to the east and Piatra Craiului to the west.
The 2,133 meters high pyramidal Leaota peak raises in a superb land of dense fir forests, wild animals, few wanderer shepherds, and almost no tourists. 

</doc>
<doc id="9760293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760293" title="Georgia Radio Hall Of Fame">
Georgia Radio Hall Of Fame

The Georgia Radio Hall of Fame is a non-profit corporation that honors the men and women of radio in the U.S. state of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9760318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760318" title="History of the Orthodox Church in Moldova">
History of the Orthodox Church in Moldova

Middle ages.
The first attested Christian organization the territory of the later Principality of Moldavia was the Catholic Diocese of Cumania in the southern part of the region, dating from 1227, and is connected with Hungarian attempts to control the region. However, as early as 1234, Orthodox Vlachs, having their own "pseudobishops" (or rural bishops), are mentioned in the diocese. The diocese was soon destroyed by the Mongol invasion of 1241, and only beginning with the late 13th century did Catholic missionaries become active again in southern Moldavia.
In the early stages of its statehood (14th century), Moldavia was under the authority of the Orthodox bishop of Halych. Around 1371, during the reign of Lațcu, the court passed to Catholicism, and a Catholic diocese was founded at Siret. However, the conversion was reverted soon after, and voivode Roman I of Moldavia put a local cleric as bishop. By 1391 a new Orthodox metropolitan, Joseph of Belgorod, had been ordained by the archbishop of Halych. The move was opposed by the Patriarchate of Constantinople, who in 1391 named Theodosius as Metropolitan bishop of Moldavia. Around 1392, the same position was given by the Patriarch to Jeremiah. The Moldovan rulers however refused to accept either and banished the latter from Moldavia, action resulting in an anathema against Moldavia issued by the Patriarch of Constantinople. However, another two patriarchal missions were sent to Moldavia in 1395 and 1397, to try to regain the authority over the local church. As the Mitropolitan see remained canonically vacant in 1394, a Moldavian priest, Peter, was named exarch over Moldavia by Constantinople, a move that probably was not accepted by the local rulers either.
In 1401 the voivode Alexandru cel Bun, obtained from the Patriarchate of Constantinople the recognition of Joseph, whose anathema has been raised on the occasion, as head of an autonomous Metropolitan Moldavian See at Suceava, with 3 bishoprics and jurisdiction over the entire territory of the Principality of Moldavia. The Catholics were also favoured by Alexandru, and in 1417 a new Roman Catholic bishop was ordained at Baia, with authority mainly over Hungarian and German merchants in that market town. Moldavia also sent delegates to the Catholic Council of Constance in 1421. All these caused problems for the Metropolitan of Moldavia, who called to Constantinople in 1415, and was not received by the patriarch, having to wait until the new patriarch was named in 1417 to have his position reconfirmed. The princes' of Moldavia extensive diplomatic relations with the Pope, did not contribute to good relations with their direct superior, the Patriarch of Constantinople. Towards 1436, the Pope named a Moldavian, Gregory, as Archbishop of Moldavia, however he was never recognized by the rulers of the country, and disappeared from history. Moldavian delegates were also present at the Council of Florence, where Damian, the Moldavian Orthodox metropolitan, signed the Union of the Western and Eastern Churches.
From the 15th century the Patriarchate of Constantinople was forced to content itself with being responsible to the Ottoman Sultanate, the Metropolitan of Moldavia being ordained since by the Archbishop of Ohrid.
Modern times.
The 17th century saw the adoption of the national language in the church (when many religious texts were translated in Romanian, especially during the time of Metropolitan Dosoftei), which replaced Old Slavonic language. In 1677, the seat of the Metropolis of Moldavia was permanently moved to Iași.
19th century.
Bessarabia, the eastern half of the Principality of Moldavia, was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812, including the territory constituting the Chişinău Eparchy, which was reorganized and placed under the Russian Orthodox Church. Its first Metropolitan was Gavril Bănulescu-Bodoni, a popular promoter of the Romanian language and culture. Its last metropolitan was Anastasios, the future first-hierarch of the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad.
20th century.
In January 1918 Bessarabia proclaimed independence as Moldavian Democratic Republic and in April 1918 it united with Romania. The territory of modern-day Republic of Moldova was then made a part of the Metropolitanate of Bessarabia, under the Romanian Orthodox Church. 
After World War II, Bessarabia was occupied by the USSR, which was hostile to the church. The body of the church was downgraded to a "Bishopric of Chişinău and Moldova" under the Russian Orthodox Church. 
After 1991, the Bishop of Bălți, Petru, led a movement that re-instated the former Metropolitan See of Bessarabia, reviving the one existing in the interwar period, and placing it under the authority of the Romanian Orthodox Church, but retaining a larger degree of autonomy than the other Metropolitanates of the Romanian Orthodox Church. 
In October 1992, the Bishopric of Chișinău was elevated to Metropolitan Church of Chișinău and all Moldova and granted autonomy by the Russian Orthodox Church. Later the state re-registered the churches and refused to register the Metropolitanate of Bassarabia, which led to a lengthy court action that lasted until the European Court of Human Rights ordered the Moldovan state to register it, in 2004. 
An uneasy peace exists nowadays between the two Churches. The majority of the population remains under the Metropolitan Church of Chișinău and all Moldova, while ca. 20% are under the Metropolitan See of Bessarabia.

</doc>
<doc id="9760327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760327" title="The Well of Stars">
The Well of Stars

The Well of Stars is a science fiction novel written by Robert Reed. It was published in 2004 (ISBN 0765308606) and is the sequel to "Marrow", published in 2000.
Synopsis.
"The Well of Stars" features the same universe and the same characters as the earlier novel "Marrow". In "The Well of Stars", the ship is entering a dark nebula, dubbed the Ink Well, which turns out to be inhabited by an intelligent and hostile entity which calls itself "polyponds". The ship fights for its existence, while at the same time it is suggested that the enemies of the ship's creators are in pursuit.

</doc>
<doc id="9760334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760334" title="Monotype Grotesque">
Monotype Grotesque

Monotype Grotesque is a realist sans-serif typeface designed by Frank Hinman Pierpont (1860–1937) and released by the Monotype foundry in 1926.
Pierpont based his design for Monotype Grotesque on Ideal, an earlier more idiosyncratic sans-serif by the H. Berthold AG foundry and William Thorowgood's 1832 face titled "Grotesque." Uppercase characters are of near equal width, the G has a spur in some weights, and the M in the non-condensed weights is square. The lowercase characters a, e, g, and t follow the model of twentieth-century English romans. Monotype Grotesque is a large extended typeface family with multiple widths from condensed to extended.
Though Monotype Grotesque never achieved the popularity of Akzidenz Grotesk, or its own contemporaries Futura, and Gill Sans, it remained a steady seller through the twentieth century, and is found in early twentieth century avant garde printing from western and central Europe.
The basic family design is inconsistent across different styles, particularly in Black, Condensed, Extended fonts.
OpenType version supports ISO Adobe 2 (Adobe Western 2) character set.
Arial is designed based on Monotype Grotesque.
Monotype Grotesque Display.
It is a variant with altered designs. The family consists of Bold Condensed and Bold Extended fonts.
Digital version was sold by Linotype.
Adobe version.
This version consists only fonts not in the Monotype Grotesque Display family.
Classic Grotesque.
It is a variant designed by Rod McDonald. The design combines the features in Venus and Ideal Grotesk font families. Alternate characters are also added. The development was originally approved in 2008, and was lasted 4 years.
The font family includes 14 fonts in 7 weights and 1 width, with a complementary italic. OpenType features include numerators/denominators, fractions, ligatures, lining/old style/proportional/tabular figures, superscript, small captitals, stylistic alternates, stylistic sets 1 and 2 (roman fonts only).
OpenType Pro version supports all western European, most central European and many eastern European languages.

</doc>
<doc id="9760353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760353" title="Roy Hunter">
Roy Hunter

Roy Hunter (born October 29, 1973 in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, Redcar & Cleveland, North Riding of Yorkshire, England) is an English footballer, currently playing for Marske United. He started his career at West Bromwich Albion, before moving Northampton Town where he made 177 Football League appearances. He then had a brief spell at Nuneaton Borough in the Conference before moving on to Oxford United in 2002, before joining Hucknall Town for their 2003/04 Northern Premier League championship season. He helped to guide Hucknall Town to the FA Trophy Final as player/coach. He signed for Harrogate Town in July 2005.
Hunter was the Harrogate Town captain at the start of the season but was replaced by Denny Ingram midway through the term.
Hunter signed on for Teesside Athletic F.C for the start of the 2008-09 season. In 2012 he joined Marske United as a player/coach. 

</doc>
<doc id="9760370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760370" title="Kier Group">
Kier Group

Kier Group plc is a construction, services and property group active in building and civil engineering, support services, public and private housebuilding, land development and the Private Finance Initiative (PFI). It is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
It is the fourth-largest UK construction contractor behind Balfour Beatty, Carillion and Laing O'Rourke.
History.
The Company was founded by Jorgen Lotz and Olaf Kier, Danish engineers, under the name "Lotz & Kier" in 1928, and it was based in Stoke-on-Trent.
A few years later Lotz withdrew from the company, but Olaf Kier retained a semblance of his identity by including Lotz's initials in the organisation's new name, 'J.L. Kier & Co Ltd', which remained the company's principal title for over four decades.
By the late 1930s Kier had moved their head office to Belgravia in Westminster, and thereby became neighbours to many of Britain's leading construction engineering consultants and contractors, who had formed a substantial coterie in Westminster for professionals and businessmen engaged in civil engineering. Their immediate neighbours were Marples Ridgeway (builders of Hammersmith Flyover) and Edmund Nuttall (builders of both Mersey road tunnels).
During the first thirty-five years of its existence Kier became identified with certain civil engineering specialisms, such as contiguous cylindrical reinforced concrete grain silos and cement silos, using continuously sliding formwork; commencing with those at Barking in 1929, followed by grain silos at Northampton, Peterborough, Melksham, Gloucester and Witham; and cement silos at Norwich, Cambridge, Trinidad, and in India.
Such specialist work was part of a pattern that quickly developed in the company's operations during that period, namely the undertaking of innovative, state-of-the-art civil engineering techniques at the forefront of modern technology. Other elements within this pattern were hyperbolic natural draft cooling towers (mostly around 300 ft high), monolithic concrete chimneys (sometimes over 400 ft high), complete power station structures, and coastal works such as tanker berths, docks and harbours.
In the same period, only this time in the building sector, Kier were in the vanguard of new reinforced concrete systems for use as framework for tall buildings. Their most famous contribution in this field was an eight-storey "avant-garde" development of apartment blocks named Highpoint, located in Highgate Village, north London. They were responsible for the reinforced concrete and general building. 
When this project was completed in 1935 it became widely renowned as the finest example of this form of construction for residential purposes. When Le Corbusier himself visited Highpoint in 1935 he said, "This beautiful building ... at Highgate is an achievement of the first rank." And American critic Henry Russell Hitchcock called it, "One of the finest, if not absolutely the finest, middle-class housing projects in the world." In 1970 this reputation gained official recognition when both Highpoint blocks were classified Grade I within the historic buildings listing programme.
While Olaf Kier remained at the helm of the organisation he had firstly projected plans, then active plans, for family succession within the group's top management, but unfortunately these did not achieve fruition. His son by his first marriage was killed in a riding accident in 1945. Then during the 1950s Olaf introduced his nephew, Mogens Kier, into the firm's management structure, but this did not lead to his assuming principal position in the organisation. Olaf died in an accident in 1986, aged 87; and Mogens died in 2003.
J.L. Kier & Co Ltd remained a private company until 1963 when it obtained a listing on the London Stock Exchange and became a public company. Its offer for shares was many times oversubscribed. The Kier family retained a significant majority of the holding. 
In 1973 Kier merged with W & C French to form French Kier but within the French division there were heavy losses on fixed-price motorway contracts and land development. A long-serving Kier engineer, John Mott, was appointed chief executive in order to revive the group's fortunes. Following an abortive bid for Abbey in 1985, French Kier itself was the subject of a hotly contested bid by Beazer, which eventually succeeded in January 1986. 
Five years later (1991) Hanson plc bought Beazer plc and made an early decision to dispose of the Beazer contracting arm. The contracting business was disposed of the following year via a management buyout, in which Hanson retained ten per-cent of the equity. In 1993 Kier decided to re-enter the housing market with the £30m acquisition of Twigden Homes. This was followed by the southern division of Miller Homes in 1996; Bellwinch in 1998 and Allison Homes in 2001. By 2004, Kier housing sales were over 1,000 units a year.
A listing on the London Stock Exchange was obtained in 1996.
In 2009, Mivan Kier, Kier's Romanian joint venture with the Northern Irish group Mivan, which invested in real estate projects in Bucharest, requested bankruptcy protection due to debts of €20 million.
In 2013, Kier acquired the services firm May Gurney for £221 million.
Operations.
The company has three divisions: Kier Construction, Kier Services and Kier Property. These are further split into smaller companies.
Major projects.
Projects involving the company have included Highpoint I completed in 1935, the North Terminal at Gatwick Airport completed in 1988, the Lesotho Highlands Water Project completed in 1998,Hairmyres Hospital completed in 2001, High Speed 1 completed in 2007, the Castlepoint shopping centre in Bournemouth in 2003, the UK Supreme Court in London completed in 2009 and Snowhill Phase 2 in Birmingham completed in 2009. It has been selected to build the multi-million pound Watford Health Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="9760384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760384" title="The Biography Channel (UK and Ireland)">
The Biography Channel (UK and Ireland)

The Biography Channel (also known as Bio.) was an English speaking general entertainment channel available in some European countries. The channel was launched in October 2000 by a joint-venture between A+E Networks and British Sky Broadcasting in the United Kingdom. It later became available in Ireland, the Netherlands and Belgium. The channel's programming, as the name suggests, is made up of the biographies of famous people, including bands, politicians and criminals. The channel ceased broadcasting at 6am on 4 November 2013 and was replaced by Lifetime.
Availability.
In the United Kingdom the channel was available on Sky, Smallworld Cable and Virgin Media. In Ireland it was available on Sky and UPC Ireland. In Belgium it was available on Telenet.
Bio. HD.
A high definition version launched on Sky on 5 November 2008, it was also available on UPC Ireland from October 2009. Bio. HD operated on a separate schedule to the standard definition channel and timeshared with CI HD. The channel closed on 3 July 2012 to allow CI HD to broadcast 24 hours a day.

</doc>
<doc id="9760386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760386" title="Lee Philpott">
Lee Philpott

Lee Philpott (born 21 February 1970 in Barnet) is an English Professional Footballer's Agent licenced by the Football Association and a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and left winger from 1986 to 2008.
He notably played in the Premier League for Leicester City, he also played in the Football League with Peterborough United, Cambridge United, Blackpool, Lincoln City and Hull City, before finishing his career in Non-league football with Weymouth, Harrogate Town and Hinckley United. During his career he made almost 500 league and cup appearances.
Playing career.
Philpott began his career with Peterborough United as an apprentice in 1986. In 1989 he joined Cambridge United and made 178 appearances for the U's, scoring 23 goals, helping the club to two successive promotions and two FA Cup Quarter Finals. 
The biggest move of Philpott's career occurred in 1992 when he was signed by Leicester City for £350,000. In four years at Filbert Street he made 91 appearances, finding the net on three occasions. Philpott joined Blackpool in 1996 for £75,000, for whom he went on to make 82 appearances and score five goals in his two years with the seasiders.
In 1998, Philpott joined Lincoln City on a free transfer. Two years later, he was on the move again, this time to Hull City signing a three year contract until 2003. The midfielder moved into non-league football with Weymouth in 2003. He spent one year with the Terras, before joining Harrogate Town, where he also became player/assistant manager. He was also caretaker manager for a spell in February 2005. Signed as a player for Hinckley United in July 2007 and after sustaining a recurrent injury retired from football the following season to practice as a licenced football agent. 
Football agent.
Lee Philpott Management Limited was established in May 2008. In September 2012 Philpott became affiliated with Mel Stein and Ian Montone's StoneMountain Management Limited, and now practices from his bases in Yorkshire and London. 
External links.
http://uk.linkedin.com/pub/lee-philpott/49/714/122

</doc>
<doc id="9760394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760394" title="Austrian Hockey League">
Austrian Hockey League

The Austrian Hockey League (), called the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga () for sponsorship reasons, is the highest-level ice hockey league in Austria.
History.
The roots of the EBEL league go back to 1923 and various Championships, whose winner is officially recognized as the Austrian Champion. There was no Austrian competition between 1939 and 1945. During World War II, a number of Austrian teams competed in the German Ice Hockey Championship, which is why the EK Engelmann Wien and Vienna EV list German Championships in their history.
The league exists in today's form since the 1965-66 season.
Until 2005-06 the league consisted solely of Austrian teams. Since then the league has added teams from Slovenia (starting 2006-07 and 2007–08), Hungary (starting 2007-08), Croatia (starting 2009-10 season), the Czech Republic (starting in 2011-12) and Italy (starting 2013-14 season).
The non-Austrian teams are competing for the "EBEL Champion" title. Only Austrian teams in this league are additionally eligible for the "Austrian Champion" title. The league has had different sponsors, and the current naming rights have been held by "Sparkasse Bank" and its Erste Bank brand since the 2003-04 season.
In 2013-14, Italy's Bolzano Foxes became the first non-Austrian team to win the EBEL title when they beat the Salzburg Red Bulls 3 games to 2 in their best-of-five final. Such success is not unheard of for an Italian outfit, but previous similar results took place in the Alpenliga and the Cup of the European Leagues, standalone competitions whose postseason tournaments were distinct from the Austrian playoffs.
EBEL Playoffs.
With their victory in the 2013/2014 season, HC Bozen is the first non-Austrian team to claim the league title. Formerly the best non-Austrian team result was the HDD Olimpija Ljubljana managing to get into the finals in 2007-08 season, losing the EBEL championship to EC Red Bull Salzburg.
Austrian Champions.
bold - seasons in which league had teams outside Austria

</doc>
<doc id="9760416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760416" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill

Men's Downhill World Cup 1989/1990
Calendar.
Note:
Round 3 was the first ever held downhill sprint in two heats.
Final point standings.
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1989/90 all results count.
Men's Downhill Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9760419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760419" title="Sprung Aus Den Wolken">
Sprung Aus Den Wolken

Sprung Aus Den Wolken is a German musical group based out of Berlin, part of Berlin's underground music movement of the 1980s - sometimes referred to as the "Geniale Dilletanten" movement by Blixa Bargeld of Einstürzende Neubauten. Their music is typically minimalistic industrial music.
The band's name is German for "Jump from the Clouds." The origin of this title is unknown, however it should be known that the phrase was the title of a 1963 board game, although the possibility that it is a German idiom or simply just made up should not be ruled out either. Also, "Sprung aus den Wolken" was the title of the German broadcasts of Ripcord (TV series) in the 1960s.
Members.
Contributing Artists:

</doc>
<doc id="9760424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760424" title="Emma Helen Blair">
Emma Helen Blair

Emma Helen Blair (September 12, 1851, Menasha, Wisconsin—September 25, 1911, Madison, Wisconsin) was a United States historian, journalist and editor, whose most notable work was a monumental documentary history of the Philippines.
Although born in Wisconsin, she attended high school in Westfield, Massachusetts. In 1871, she returned to Wisconsin and enrolled in Ripon College, where she graduated in 1874. After graduation she taught in public school for two years and then moved to Milwaukee, where she worked as a journalist. In 1892, she began postgraduate work in history, economics and sociology at Wisconsin State University. She later became a librarian at the Wisconsin Historical Society.
In 1894, Blair resigned from the library staff and became assistant to Dr. Reuben Gold Thwaites. Thwaites was the translator of the 73-volume work "Jesuit Relations" (1896-1901). This massive work consisted of English translations of the annual reports issued by the superior of the Jesuit missions in New France to the Jesuit overseer in France between the years 1632 and 1673. Blair participated in the editing and annotations. After her work on the "Jesuit Relations", she assisted in the editing of the journal of Father Louis Hennepin and of the journals of the Lewis and Clark expedition, still working with Thwaites.
In 1903, she began work on the project she is most remembered for, the translation and editing of Philippine historical documents that were published in the 55-volume series "The Philippine Islands, 1493-1898" (1903-09). Her collaborator was Dr. James A. Robertson, later librarian at the Philippines Library in Manila. Most of the documents in this enormous collection had not previously been translated into English. Volumes 15 and 16 consist of Antonio de Morga's "History of the Philippine Islands From Their Discovery by Magellan in 1521 to the Beginning of the XVII Century", an extremely valuable source on the early history of the islands.
Her last work was the translation and editing of documents for "The Indian Tribes of the Upper Mississippi Valley and Region of the Great Lakes" (2 vols., 1911-12). This work included Nicolas Perrot's "Memoir: The Habits and Customs of the American Indians". Blair died in 1911, just days after receiving an advance copy of volume 1 from the bindery.
According to her obituary in the "Madison Democrat",

</doc>
<doc id="9760426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760426" title="Jews of Hadramaut">
Jews of Hadramaut

The Jews of Hadramaut were an ancient Mizrahi community living in present-day Yemen.
History.
The community was very old, and, after the rise of Islam and the expulsion of the Hejazi Jews, the main centers of Jewish population in Arabia were in Hadhramaut and in Aden. However, the Jews of Hadhramaut were much more isolated than their counterparts in Aden, and the community only became known to the outside world in the 1940s. The community had distinctive religious traditions. Many of the Hadhrami Jews converted to Islam, but after the founding of the State of Israel, the community made Aliyah, and there are no more Hadhramaut Jews in Yemen today.
The Jews of Hadhramaut lived in Seiyun, Tarim, Al-Mukalla and Al-Sheher. Among the well known Jewish families of the region in Al-Sheher and Mukalla are: Ben Haneen, Ben Haiem, Ben Yaze'a, Ben Zaghio, Ben Ysra'ail and Ben Qatian. Most of these families converted to Islam in the time period from 1509 until the 1960s and few migrated to Israel after 1948. After the union between south and north and because of the strict tribal system most of these families melted in the tribal community by rename their family name after well-known tribe to avoid discrimination based on their former Jewish roots. The Ben Qattian family is famous in Hadhramaut as dagger-makers and gold-smiths, their handmade daggers are extremely desired.

</doc>
<doc id="9760429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760429" title="Caubvick">
Caubvick

Caubvick (fl. 1773) was an Inuk from Labrador, a wife of one of George Cartwright's Inuit friends. The highest peak in all of Labrador and east of the Rockies is named in her honour, Mount Caubvick.
In 1773, George Cartwright took Attuiock and Tooklavina and their wives, including Caubvick, to England where they met with the king, members of the Royal Society and James Boswell The Inuit all developed smallpox while in England. Caubvick was the only survivor of the group. She returned to her native Labrador and passed on the dreaded disease to many of her people.

</doc>
<doc id="9760432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760432" title="Wisconsin Women's Rugby Football Club">
Wisconsin Women's Rugby Football Club

The Wisconsin Women's Rugby Football Club (WWRFC) is an amateur Division I women's rugby team in Madison, Wisconsin. The team is the only Division I women's rugby club in the state.
Founded in 1975, the WWRFC plays competitively in the Wisconsin Rugby Football Union, a subsidiary of the Midwest Rugby Football Union and the United States of America Rugby Football Union. The team is a tax-exempt non-profit organization as a member of the Wisconsin United Athletic Club. The team holds all practices and home matches at Yahara Rugby Field.
The WWRFC is closely associated with the Wisconsin Rugby Club, the men's amateur rugby team in Madison, in addition to men's and women's teams at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and area high schools.
The WWRFC has been represented by its current and past players on state, regional and national all-star teams, including:
WWRFC alumnus Kristin Zdanczewicz (currently playing for the Minnesota Valkyries) and Phaidra Knight (currently playing for the New York Women's Rugby Club) played in the 2006 Women's Rugby World Cup in Edmonton, Canada. 
Current WWRFC wing/fullback Sue Hanson played for the 2006 U.S. Women's 7s Developmental Team at the North America and West Indies Rugby Association (NAWIRA) 7s Tournament in Bridgetown, Barbados, Nov. 11-12, 2006. Kelly Clerkin, Nicole Helmer and Hanson played for the Midwest Senior Women's Thunderbirds that won the National All-Star Championship (NASC) in Boulder, Colorado, June 9-11, 2006. Clerkin earned the 2006 NASC Most Valuable Player Award for the all-star tournament.
In 2006, the WWRFC finished fourth in the Midwest and 17th overall in the nation. The team traveled to Seattle to play the 16th-ranked Emerald City Mudhens in one of four 2007 USA Rugby Division I Women's Challenge Matches on . 
External links.
The Wisconsin Women are one of five teams in the Midwest Division Women's League. This league also includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9760453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760453" title="Ken MacAfee">
Ken MacAfee

Kenneth Adams MacAfee, Jr. (born January 9, 1956 in Portland, Oregon), is a former college and professional American football player. He played collegiately at the University of Notre Dame and professionally for the San Francisco 49ers.
High school.
MacAfee grew up in Brockton, Massachusetts and was a star as a high school player at Brockton High School. He emerged as a star as a sophomore, and as a junior he led the Brockton Boxers to the first Massachusetts high school scholastic "Super Bowl"—the state championship game, which Brockton won. After the season MacAfee was selected as a First-team All-American.
In his senior season he caught 10 touchdown passes as his school went through a second straight undefeated season, scoring 360 points and allowing only 21 and again heading to the scholastic "Super Bowl." In that game MacAfee caught four passes for 111 yards in a 41-0 win to seal a second consecutive state title. Again, MacAfee was an All-America selection. MacAfee finished his career with 23 touchdown receptions. In his four years at Brockton High School, the team was 33-3-1.
College.
MacAfee was a three-time All-American at the University of Notre Dame—a First-team selection in 1975 and a consensus selection in 1976 and 1977. MacAfee was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1997.
In 1977 he also was Academic All-America, won the Walter Camp Player of the Year Award and was third in voting for the Heisman Trophy. That year he caught 54 passes for 797 yards and six touchdowns. In his time Notre Dame had a 38-9 record and was the National Champion in 1977, with Joe Montana quarterbacking the Irish team. In his collegiate career he caught 128 career passes for 1,759 yards and 15 TDs, ranking third on Notre Dame career receiving chart. He was a participant in Hula Bowl and Japan Bowl after his senior season.
NFL.
MacAfee played with the San Francisco 49ers in 1978-79 after being drafted seventh overall in the first round of the 1978 NFL Draft. He was a starter in his rookie season he caught 22 passes with one going for a touchdown. He was a starter in his second season, 1979 and caught 24 passes for 4 touchdowns.
In 1980 MacAfee was asked to play guard for the 49ers, and not feeling suited to play that position, he left and began dental school. After the season his rights were traded to the Minnesota Vikings, but never played a regular season game with them. He was placed on injured reserve in September, 1981.
Post-football.
He enrolled in dental school at the University of Pennsylvania and obtained his degree in 1983. He set up a practice in dentistry and oral surgery and taught at the University of Pennsylvania. He now has his own practice in Waltham, Massachusetts, where he was once a hated rival of the Waltham High School football team. Additionally, MacAfee became active in United Way, Health Volunteers Overseas, Physicians Fighting Cancer, Homes for Homeless, AIDS Awareness Center, and Home for Wayward Children.

</doc>
<doc id="9760456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760456" title="Kirk Jackson">
Kirk Jackson

Kirk Jackson (born 16 October 1976 in Barnsley, England) is a retried semi professional footballer, who played as a striker.
Jackson mostly made his name as a non-League footballer although he has experience in League football. He was part of the Yeovil Town team which won the Conference in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9760457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760457" title="Uralsib">
Uralsib

Uralsib is a leading Russian financial corporation. It was created by merging Uralsib bank with Nikoil Finance. The latter was Nikolai Tsvetkov's company closely affiliated to LUKoil.

</doc>
<doc id="9760465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760465" title="Connecticut Governor's Residence">
Connecticut Governor's Residence

The Connecticut Governor's Residence serves as the official home of the Governor of Connecticut. It is located at 990 Prospect Avenue in Hartford.
The Connecticut Governor’s Residence has served as the official residence since 1945. The house was originally built in 1909 for George C.F. Williams, a Hartford physician and industrialist. It was designed in the Georgian Revival style by the Boston-based architectural firm of Andrews, Jacques & Rantoul and built at a cost of $337,000. In 1916, Hartford architects Smith & Bassett designed the north and south wing additions. The three-story home originally stood on that included a grass tennis court, a greenhouse and a number of outbuildings. It remained in the Williams family until 1940. The property was acquired by the State of Connecticut in 1943.
Today, the 19-room residence sits on and has of living space with nine fireplaces, nine bathrooms, a pool and a pergola. 
The Governor's Mansion is a contributing building in the Prospect Avenue Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house, at 990 Prospect Avenue, is a Georgian Revival, built in 1908. It was designed by Andrews, Jacques and Rantoul, of Boston, and was altered in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="9760497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760497" title="Missile Test Project">
Missile Test Project

The Missile Test Project (MTP) was a U.S. Air Force program operated by RCA Service Company (RCAS) from Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, under the direction of prime contractor Pan American Guided Missiles Research Division (PAA GMRD) during the 1950s and continuing on for several more decades. Under this program, RCAS instrumented and operated various ships and stations on the Air Force Eastern Test Range with electronic tracking and telemetry equipment. The instrumented ships and stations tracked incoming intercontinental ballistic missiles launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS) and, using radar or telemetry, also tracked manned or unmanned space vehicles orbiting the earth.
Tracking stations.
MTP instrumented and operated the following tracking stations: CCAFS (designated AFE71), Grand Bahama Island (AFE73), Eleuthera Island (AFE74), San Salvador Island (AFE75), Mayaguana Island (AFE76), Grand Turk Island (AFE77), Antigua Island (AFE86), Chaguaramus, Trinidad (AFE87), Ascension Island (AFE83) and Mahé in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean (AFE89). The tracking station planned for South Africa was never fully instrumented and eventually found to be redundant.???
The tracking station, Station 13, in South Africa (at Bapsfontein near Pretoria) operated from about 1960 until 1969 and had a tracking radar, telemetry site and GLOTRAC
Instrumented ships.
The following small diesel-powered ships were instrumented with tracking equipment: "Sword Knot", "Rose Knot", "Timber Hitch", "Coastal Crusader", "Coastal Sentry", and "Sampam Hitch". In 1964 three very highly advanced instrumented ships were added to the MTP inventory: the USAFS "General H. H. Arnold" and USAFS "General Hoyt S. Vandenberg" (both Type C4 ships), as well as the USAS "American Mariner" (a converted Liberty ship).
These tracking ships, when operated under the direct supervision and operational control of PAA GMRD, were termed "Ocean Range Vessel" (ORV).
Operations and support.
The management, logistics and infrastructure of the tracking stations were under the control of PAA GMRD while electronic equipment, such as the tracking radars, was under the control of RCAS personnel. Some bases, such as those at Antigua and at Chagaramus, Trinidad, were located in populated areas and, in some cases, technical personnel were permitted to bring their families with them.
Some tracking stations, such as the one at Ascension Island in the South Atlantic Ocean, were inhospitable and unpopulated and, as a result, it was not feasible for technical personnel to bring their families with them. However, since the Ascension Island tracking station grew to be a very large one and required a large number of maintenance laborers, temporary rotating forces of workers were recruited from tiny Saint Helena Island, located about 800 miles to the south.
Tracking ships were likewise managed by PAA GMRD personnel in areas of operation and logistics. Maintenance and operation of technical equipment, such as radars and related equipment, were under the operational control of RCAS.
Tracking ships normally operated in the South Atlantic Ocean, and the port of Recife, Brazil, contained a small contingent of PAA GMRD and RCAS personnel to assist technical personnel when their vessel arrived in the port for fuel, U.S. mail, logistics, or a recreation period. Providing in-port periods of rest and relaxation for technical personnel and crew members was a priority requirement, since the tracking ships often remained at sea for a month or more.
Since RCA employed over a thousand personnel in Florida and downrange on the tracking stations and ships, PAA GMRD provided administrative personnel at each major location to authorize and provide travel orders for the constant movement by air of technical personnel. Air transport on prop-driven aircraft was initially provided by the MATS (Military Air Transport Service) and later by the MAC (Military Airlift Command).

</doc>
<doc id="9760501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760501" title="Ynysforgan">
Ynysforgan

Ynysforgan is a village in Swansea, Glamorgan, Wales. It lies just off Junction 45 of the M4 motorway, geographically between Morriston and Ynystawe. The origins of its name are not known for certain but "ynys" is Welsh for a river-meadow (i.e., an "island" – the main meaning of "ynys" – in otherwise marshier ground beside a river) and Forgan is a mutation of the name Morgan; a reasonable translation of the name would therefore be Morgan's Meadow. The River Tawe flows past Ynysforgan so it is not unreasonable to speculate that it is the river in question. Several other nearby locations also use the term Ynys in their names including Ynystawe (the neighbouring village to Ynysforgan), Ynystanglws Farm (near Ynystawe), and Ynysmeudwy (near Pontardawe).
However, as historically insignificant as Ynysforgan may seem it holds a hidden gem unknown to most locals and has its name embedded in the annals of Welsh time. In the latter part of the Middle Ages (circa 1330 - 1403) Ynysforgan was the home of Hopcyn ap Tomas ab Einion. This clearly indicates the name Ynysforgan extends back further than the 15th century and given the 'modernisation' of language it's conceivable its name is derived from old Welsh. Historians have speculated that ab Einion was responsible for a manuscript titled the Red Book of Hergest which is one of the most important medieval Welsh language manuscripts. Furthermore, in 1403 ab Einion was summoned to Carmarthen by none other than Owain Glyndŵr, the last true Prince of Wales to shed light on his fate by bringing his knowledge and expertise to bare by interpreting old bardic prophecies.[http://pmsa.cch.kcl.ac.uk/images/nrpAH/AHSWANSEA01818.jpg] Click this link to view a commemorative stone dedicated to ab Einion located in Ynystawe Park.
Before 1963 Ynysforgan essentially comprised the main Swansea to Brecon road (now Clydach Road) with houses on either side. It is interesting to note the 1911 census shows the address as 'Clydack Road'. The 'newer' houses behind Clydach Road were built in late 1960 starting with Garth View, followed by Elizabeth Close, Ian's Walk and Orpheus Road. The builders name was Emrys Davies of Neath who was a sole trader employing skilled tradesmen. It is believed that the road names Elizabeth Close, Ian's Walk and Andrews Crescent are attributable to Mr Davies' relatives. Garth View takes its name from its aspect facing the hill opposite, known colloquially as 'The Garth'. Orpheus Road is probably in recognition of the famous Morriston Orpheus Choir.
The old Swansea Tram system extended up the Swansea valley as far as Llanllienwen Road where there was a halt. With the building of the M4 motorway in 1973 the geography of Ynysforgan changed dramatically. The motorway essentially cut the village in two resulting in the demolition of the old Sunday School which stood (roughly) in the vicinity of the M4 exit slip road straight on from Clydach Road and a new Sunday school was built at the top of Garth View and Christopher Road. 
Up until the mid-1970s there stood a grand house - "Glyncollen" - in its own grounds at the top of Garth View. Glyncollen was originally accessed by a long drive that joined the lower end of Llanllienwen Road, but this access was blocked when the motorway divided the village. In the 1930s Glyncollen House was the residence of the late Captain Sidney Davies, Managing Director of the Forest and Worcester Tinplate Works at Morriston - a brother of the late Alderman D. J. Davies of "Firgrove", Llanllienwen Road, a former Mayor of Swansea. He was followed as owner-occupier by the late Doctor and Mrs. N. E. Edwards-Jones, in the 1940s. The house was abandoned in the early 1970s and fell into ruin, only to be demolished later that decade. The grounds were taken over by the council and became a local amenity. 
Ynysforgan used to lie on both the main Brecon to Swansea Canal which was navigable until the late 1950s and a Swansea Valley railway line. The canal was filled in and covered over in the 1960s and the route of the railway line has now been used as the Swansea valley by-pass road. There were several relics of World War II such as pillboxes and manholes along the canal: these were demolished when the canal was filled in.

</doc>
<doc id="9760543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760543" title="Long River Review">
Long River Review

Long River Review is University of Connecticut's award-winning annual literary magazine/journal run by undergraduate students with the assistance of faculty staff. It is currently coordinated by Professor Darcie Dennigan.
LRR replaced "Writing UConn : fiction, essays, poetry" run by the Department of English from 1983–1997."
History.
The name, "Long River Review" derives from the Algonquin word meaning "beside the long tidal river" (spelled Quinnehtukqut), a nod to our own Connecticut River. Its name conjures up the image of eager student editors diving into a multitude of poetry, creative nonfiction, translations, fiction submissions, hybrid pieces, international pieces and anything in between, searching for the story that leaves the lasting impression. The Long River Review also contains within it cartoons, photographs, photography and artwork delicately chosen by the LRR design team behind it.
But the name Long River can trigger a pool of possibilities: It may invoke the image of the Ohio River Valley in Larry Smith’s Long River Home -a work of fiction, nominated for a Pushcart prize in 2009. For some, Long River refers to China: to the Long River Press based in China that is. This publishing company hopes to bridge the gap between Eastern and Western culture and has released a wide variety of books including China Complex: From the Sublime to the Absurd on the U.S.-China Scene (memoir), Distinguished Doctors and Miraculous Remedies (children’s lit), and Picturing the Chinese: Early Western Photographs and Postcards of China (photography). The Long River Studios in Lyme, New Hampshire house a gallery where professional and amateur artists can showcase their arts and crafts. The Long River Music Agency in Rocky Hill, CT supports musicians, and the words flow through the Gordon Lightfoot folk song of the same name. There is a certain bit of magic in this name.
Many institutions that share our name are, like the Long River Review, dedicated to the promotion and preservation of art and literature. We are in good company.
Prizes.
The following prizes are awarded each year by the magazine:
Editors.
The Following people have been the Editor-in-Chief of the magazine:
2009- Michael Pontacoloni
2008- Nathan Harold
2007- Jaclyn Allard
2006- Christopher Venter
2005- Jacob Overdurff 
2004- Ashley Linden
2003- Sarah Breckenridge
2002- Julie Wernau
2001- Nathan Fisher & Jessica Francassini
2000- Stephani M. Dion
1999- Marla Gelman & Tracey Lander
1998- Michael Gore & Michael Schiavo
References.
http://media.www.dailycampus.com/media/storage/paper340/news/2005/02/23/News/Overdurff.Driving.Poetry.Publication-874098.shtml
http://longriverreview.com/

</doc>
<doc id="9760550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760550" title="1997–98 Nationalliga A season">
1997–98 Nationalliga A season

The 1997-98 NLA season was the 60th regular season of the Nationalliga A.

</doc>
<doc id="9760635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760635" title="Farm to Market Road 2920">
Farm to Market Road 2920

Farm to Market Road 2920 is a Texas state highway in northwest Harris County, within Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.
Route description.
The road, also called Waller–Tomball Road, passes from U.S. Highway 290 to Interstate 45 with an intersection with State Highway 249 in Tomball, where it is called Main Street.
The road mainly serves rural far northern Harris County, but sections east of Tomball have single-family residence subdivisions.
History.
FM 2920 was designated in 1964 on a route from US 290 at Waller eastward to FM 149 (now SH 249) at Tomball. It was extended east to IH 45 in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="9760639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760639" title="NASCAR 08">
NASCAR 08

NASCAR 08 is the eleventh installment of the EA Sports NASCAR series. It was developed by EA Tiburon and released for PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. This is the earliest that EA has released a NASCAR game. It also marks the first time the original Xbox has been excluded from the NASCAR lineup since NASCAR 2001.
Tony Stewart is on the cover marking his third appearance on the cover of an EA Sports NASCAR game. The cover in the PAL region features Juan Pablo Montoya. NASCAR’s new Car of Tomorrow as well as the current car are present in the game, although the Car of Tomorrow is generic (no separate manufacturers). ESPN's NASCAR coverage is also integrated into the game. Crew chief dialogue for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game was recorded by Chad Knaus. The Whelen Modified Tour is not included in PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game, but is still present in the PlayStation 2 version.
Critical reception.
Critical reception of the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 version of the game has been average to negative. GameSpot gave the Xbox 360 version a 6.0 rating and a 6.0 for the PlayStation 3 version. The closing comments of the IGN Xbox 360 review: 
Critical reception of the PlayStation 2 version was better when compared to the previous years "NASCAR 07", but still fared average to negative. The closing comments of the Strategy Informer review: 

</doc>
<doc id="9760667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760667" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G

Men's Super G World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Men's Super G World Cup 1989/90 all results count.
Men's Super G Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9760674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760674" title="Coupe d'Haïti">
Coupe d'Haïti

The Coupe d'Haïti is the premier elimination tournament of the Haitian football league.
Finals.
Finals so far: 

</doc>
<doc id="9760692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760692" title="2006 UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400">
2006 UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400

The 2006 UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400 was the third race in the 2006 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season which took place at Las Vegas Motor Speedway on March 12, 2006.
Race recap.
Greg Biffle clocked the fastest lap in qualifying at 172.403 mph.
In the third consecutive race to require a green-white-checker finish, Jimmie Johnson blew past Matt Kenseth on the last corner of the day to get his 20th career victory and second of the season. Kenseth looked like a good bet to cruise to victory before Denny Hamlin and Kenny Wallace wrecked three laps from the end, bunching the field and leading to the overtime finish. Before the lap 268 restart, Kenseth told his crew that his engine felt weak, but he was able to protect the lead until the last corner, where Johnson, who had not led all day, overtook the 17 car on the high side to take the win by a half a car length.
Race results.
Failed to qualify: Stanton Barrett (#95), Hermie Sadler (#00), Brandon Ash (#02), Mike Skinner (#37), Morgan Shepherd (#89), Randy LaJoie (#92)

</doc>
<doc id="9760696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760696" title="Same Love, Same Rain">
Same Love, Same Rain

Same Love, Same Rain () is a 1999 Argentine-American romantic comedy film directed by Juan José Campanella and written by Campanella and Fernando Castets. It stars Ricardo Darín, Soledad Villamil, Ulises Dumont and Eduardo Blanco.
Plot.
In 1980, Jorge Pellegrini (Ricardo Darín), a young and talented Argentine writer, upon returning from a trip to Europe, is forced to write short love stories for "Cosas", a local, light-themed magazine, to aid his dire financial situation. His boss and best friend, Roberto (Eduardo Blando), constantly censors Jorge's stories, by deciding which parts to take out or which stories not to print. Jorge's friend and mentor, Mastronardi, often visits the magazine HQ asking Roberto for work, but due to his history of courageous confrontation against the last military dictatorship in Argentina, he finds himself blacklisted and therefore cannot find work.
In the showing of a short film, based on a story by Jorge, he meets Laura (Soledad Villamil), a passionate, beautiful and charming young girl who works as a waiter in a restaurant. He is instantly smitten by her, and she gives him her card. Days after, he receives news of the death of Mastronardi, and begins to write a story about his deceased friend. However, he experiences writer's block, and cannot get around to finish it. Jorge then finds the card Laura gave him, and decides to go the restaurant where she works. They go on a date to a bar, and they display chemistry and understanding, and Laura reveals that she has a boyfriend, an artist on a tour in Uruguay. Things go awry when the police raid the place and take Laura to jail, as she did not have her documents. Jorge then decides to be taken to jail himself in order to oversee Laura's safety. Upon their release, Laura and Jorge spend more and more time together, and Jorge reveals his feelings for Laura. She then tells him that she currently does not reciprocate, but she will call him if she "figures out any context" in which she could.
Months go by and Jorge buries himself in his work, starts a diary (which he then throws away) and loses hope of receiving Laura's phone call. However, she then calls him and they arrange a date, at which she reveals that she wanted to be sure of not waiting for her boyfriend anymore before starting a new relationship. They kiss, make love and start a relationship. The first months are full of romance and passion; however, when Laura decides to quit her job to work for free at a local radio station, Jorge begins to lose interest in her, and is constantly bothered by the monotony of their relationship. To make matters worse, Laura has decided to make a great writer out of Jorge, and constantly pressures him to stop writing the short and simple-minded love stories and focus on a powerful book.
When Jorge reaches the breaking point and cannot stand the current status of his relationship with Laura, he cheats on her with Carola. Laura finds out and leaves him immediately. Jorge, once again, buries himself in his work, until he receives news from Roberto that, due to restructuring, the magazine will no longer publish his stories. However, he is offered a job as the movie and theatre critic of the magazine, which he angrily refuses. He then finds the inspiration to finish Mastronardi's story and take it to the theatre. However, the play is a failure, and because of the effort he put in it, Jorge is heartbroken. Jorge then receives an emotional visit from Mastronardi's spirit, who asks him to look after his son, Sebastián.
In 1987, things have changed: Jorge has accepted the job offer as the movie and theatre critic, and Roberto is engaged to Marita, a friend of Laura's whom he met in a double date set by Jorge and Laura years before. Jorge is in a relationship with a new girl; however, he finds himself shocked when he receives news that Laura is to be married to her old boyfriend. This prompts Jorge to track Laura and, after spending a day together, they make love, and Laura then decides that she will get married anyway.
Once again, years go by, and in the 1990s, a bitter and disillusioned Jorge, still works as a critic. However, due to his failures and disappointments, and to the loss of his spirit and morals, we learn that he now asks for money in return for writing favourable reviews. This works against him when Laura, one of the producers of the movie he asked money to write a favourable review for, personally delivers him the money, and looks at him with disgust.
One day at the office, due to a disagreement, veteran political journalist Márquez (Ulises Dumont) has a heated exchange with his boss, young Micky (Rodrigo de la Serna) and is fired. This then prompts Sebastián, Mastronardi's son, to blame Jorge for his father's death. Unable to cope with guilt, and after realizing how much he has changed, Jorge attempts suicide. This attempt, however, is frustrated by Roberto, who arrives just in time to save him. After the suicide attempt, there is a surprise party, at which the employees of Cosas decide to donate one twelfth of their salaries to Márquez. Laura and Jorge meet once again, and share a long talk about their lives, hopes and crushed dreams.
The movie ends with a hint that Jorge and Laura will give their relationship one last chance. Jorge, reinvigorated, and looking like a happy man for the first time in years, watches her taxi depart with a broad smile. He is then greeted by his friends, Márquez, Sebastián and Roberto, and tells them of the new love story he is planning to write.
Background.
The film is the first of a trilogy that follows protagonist (Ricardo Darín) and his best friend (Eduardo Blanco) through a series of reevaluations regarding their lives. The films include: "El hijo de la novia" (2001) and "Luna de Avellaneda" (2004).
Distribution.
The film was wide released in Argentina on September 16, 1999.
It was screened at various film festivals, including: the Valladolid International Film Festival, Spain; the Gramado Film Festival, Brazil; the Oslo Films from the South Festival, Norway; the San Diego Latino Film Festival, San Diego, USA; and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9760717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760717" title="High Hunsley">
High Hunsley

High Hunsley is a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated in the Yorkshire Wolds approximately south-west of Beverley town centre and north-west of the village of Little Weighton.
It forms part of the civil parish of Rowley. It is situated on the B1230 road and the Yorkshire Wolds Way passes close to the west.
Transmitter site.
To the west of the settlement is the High Hunsley transmitter which is used by local radio stations BBC Radio Humberside, 96.9 Viking FM and Capital Yorkshire. The ground around the transmitter is at a height of around above sea level.
Digital radio.
† Awarded on 19 February 2008 but yet to launch.

</doc>
<doc id="9760725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760725" title="Rory Markas">
Rory Markas

Rory Markas (December 20, 1955 – January 4, 2010) was an American sportscaster best known as the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim's play-by-play broadcaster for eight seasons, and as the radio voice of the University of Southern California men's basketball team for 11 seasons. He also worked as a field reporter and part-time sports anchor for KTTV.
Born in Chatsworth, California, he was a graduate of Los Angeles Valley College, California State University-Northridge, and Chatsworth High School, Markas won four Golden Mike Awards, two Associated Press Sportscasting Awards, and the 2008 Radio Play-by-Play Award from the Southern California Broadcasters Association.
Early career.
Markas previously worked for KTUC in Tucson, CBS' KNX-AM and KCBS-TV, the Los Angeles Clippers, the Milwaukee Brewers, Fox Sports Net West, and the Pacific Coast League's Salt Lake City Gulls and Vancouver Canadians. He was also the lead announcer for "RollerJam" from its second season to its last. Most recently, and possibly his final effort, was the recording of the play-by-play segments for the upcoming motion picture "The Yankles". Rory Markas' voice is the first and last voice heard in the movie.
Health issues and death.
In late 2008, Markas underwent surgery to remove a blood clot in his brain, which sidelined him for about six weeks. Steve Physioc, his Angels partner, filled in for Rory on several USC basketball games.
On January 4, 2010, Markas was found dead at his Palmdale, California, home, the victim of an apparent heart attack.
Many obituaries noted that Markas would be remembered for his signature "Just another Halo victory!" call after Angel wins, and for his call of the final play of the 2002 World Series at Angel Stadium. He was also known for his interviewing skills, for example his Angels radio pre-game talks with Yankees' PA announcer Bob Sheppard and former Negro Leagues player Buck O'Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="9760726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760726" title="Austral language">
Austral language

Austral ("Reo Tuha’a pae") is a Polynesian language spoken by about 3000 people on the Austral Islands of French Polynesia. It is being supplanted by Tahitian.

</doc>
<doc id="9760799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760799" title="Frank Vickery">
Frank Vickery

Frank Vickery (born 1951) is a Welsh playwright.
He was born at Blaencwm village, near Treorchy, in the Rhondda, South Wales.
He has written plays for both stage and radio, including "Family planning", "All's fair", and "Errogenous Zones".

</doc>
<doc id="9760859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760859" title="Cell-free system">
Cell-free system

A cell-free system is an "in vitro" tool widely used to study biological reactions that happen within cells while reducing the complex interactions found in a whole cell. Subcellular fractions can be isolated by ultracentrifugation to provide molecular machinery that can be used in reactions in the absence of many of the other cellular components.
Cell-free biosystems can be prepared by mixing a number of purified enzymes and coenzymes. Cell-free biosystems are proposed as a new low-cost biomanufacturing platform compared to microbial fermentation used for thousands of years. Cell-free biosystems have several advantages suitable in industrial applications: 

</doc>
<doc id="9760881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760881" title="Albrecht Goes">
Albrecht Goes

Albrecht Goes (March 22, 1908 – February 23, 2000) was a German writer and Protestant theologian.
Life.
Albrecht Goes was born in 1908 in the Protestant rectory in Langenbeutingen. He spent his childhood there, but his mother died in 1911 and in 1915 he went to live with his grandmother in Berlin-Steglitz. He went to school there until 1919, when he moved to a school in Göppingen. In 1922 he entered the theological seminary in Urach, and from 1922–1923 he attended the seminary in Schöntal. His room-mate there was Gerd Gaiser. He passed his university exams and in 1924 entered the advanced seminary in Urach.
In 1926 he read German studies and History in Tübingen, then switched to Theology. In 1928 he went to Berlin to continue his Theology studies, and there he met and was influenced by Romano Guardini. In 1930 Goes was ordained as a parson in Tuttlingen's main church, and in 1931 became a vicar at the Martinskirche in Stuttgart. In 1933 he began his first rectorate in Unterbalzheim in Illertissen. In the same year he married Elisabeth Schneider, with whom he had three daughters: Christin, Brigitte and Rose. In 1938 he took up a rectorate in Gebersheim (which today is a part of the city of Leonberg).
His involvement with the German army during the Second World War began when he was conscripted in 1940. He was trained as a radio operator and sent to Romania. From 1942 to 1945 he was a clergyman in a hospitals and prisons in Russia, Poland, Hungary and Austria. After the war he returned to his ministry in Gebersheim, and he stayed there until he quit the Church in 1953 to become a full-time writer; from then on he preached twice a month. In 1954 he moved back to Stuttgart-Rohr. He campaigned against the rearmament of Germany by, for example, adding his signature to the 'German Manifesto' of the Paul's Church Movement (along with, among others, Gustav Heinemann). In 1958 he was inaugurated into the Berlin Academy of Arts.
Goes's first volumes of poetry were "Verse" in 1932 and "Der Hirte" ("The Herdsman") in 1934. The story "Unruhige Nacht" ("Restless Night") was published in 1950. The novel "Das Brandopfer" ("The Burnt Offering") examined the Holocaust during the Third Reich from the perspective of an ordinary butcher’s wife, who eventually tries to find justice by sacrificing herself. The book, written in simple language, is considered a significant contribution to the dialogue and reconciliation between Jews and Christians in the post-Third Reich era. This was recognised in 1978 when Goes was awarded the Buber-Rosenzweig Medal. Both "Unruhige Nacht" and "Das Brandopfer" were turned into films. "Unruhige Nacht" was translated into English as "Arrow to the Heart" and adapted for broadcast by BBC Television in the United Kingdom in 1952.
Albrecht Goes's work is often compared with that of Albrecht Haushofer, Reinhold Schneider, Rudolf Alexander Schröder and Gertrud von Le Fort. His 100th birthday was celebrated with new scholarly books and editions of his works, and an extensive programme of events.
Albrecht Goes was buried at the Prag Cemetery in Stuttgart on 28 February 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9760895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760895" title="Ace Motor Corporation">
Ace Motor Corporation

Ace Motor Corporation was a motorcycle manufacturer in operation continuously in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania between 1919 and 1924 and intermittently afterward until 1927. 
Essentially only one model of the large luxury four-cylinder motorcycle, with slight variations, was made from first to last.
Origin.
Having sold Henderson Motorcycle to Ignaz Schwinn's Excelsior Motor Manufacturing & Supply Co., founder William G. Henderson continued to work there until 1919, when differences of opinion regarding the design direction of Henderson motorcycles led to his resignation from Excelsior.
In the fall of 1919, with the support of Max M. Sladkin of Haverford Cycle Co., Henderson started the Ace Motor Corporation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Ace motorcycle resembled the Henderson in general form, being a longitudinal four-cylinder motorcycle with chain drive, but Henderson had to be careful not to infringe any trademarks or patents that would have been owned by Excelsior at the time. Production began in 1920.
Death of William Henderson.
On 11 December 1922, shortly after 11 a.m., William Henderson was hit by a motor vehicle while testing the new Ace Sporting Solo in Philadelphia. William, age 39, died in Frankford Hospital without regaining consciousness.
Arthur O. Lemon, former Henderson salesman and head of Excelsior and Henderson engineering at Excelsior Motor Manufacturing & Supply, left Excelsior in 1923 to replace Henderson as Chief Engineer at Ace.
Ace Speed Trophy.
In 1923, Red Wolverton rode a specially prepared Ace XP-4 at a record speed of 129 mph (208 km/h). The management of Ace Motor Corporation offered the Ace Speed Trophy and a cash prize to anyone who could break the XP-4's record. Neither the trophy nor the prize was ever claimed.
Ownership.
Ace Motor Corporation ceased operation in 1924. In the next two years, ownership of Ace's name, rights, and production facilities would change hands at least twice. At least one of these owners, Michigan Motors Corporation, would revive production for a short time.
Indian Ace.
The property of Ace Motor changed hands for the last time in 1927, when it was purchased by the Indian Company. Production was moved to Springfield, Massachusetts, and the motorcycle was marketed as the Indian Ace for one year. Once the designs began to be modified within Indian, the Ace name was discontinued. 
Production of four-cylinder Indian motorcycles would continue until 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="9760905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760905" title="List of sovereign states and dependent territories in Europe">
List of sovereign states and dependent territories in Europe

The list below includes all entities falling even partially under any of the various common definitions of Europe, geographical or political. Fifty six sovereign states, six of which have limited recognition, are listed with territory in Europe and/or membership in international European organisations. There are eight areas that are not integral parts of a European state or have special political status. 
Definition of Europe as a Continent.
Under the commonly used definition, the border between Asia and Europe stretches along the Ural Mountains, Ural River, and Caspian Sea in the east, the Greater Caucasus range and the Black Sea, with its outlets, the Bosporus and Dardanelles, in the south. Based on that division, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Russia and Turkey have territory both in Europe and Asia.
The island of Cyprus in Southwest Asia is approximate to Anatolia (or Asia Minor) and is on the Anatolian Plate but is often considered part of Europe as a current member of the European Union (EU). Armenia is entirely in Southwest Asia but is a member of certain European organisations.
Although the Mediterranean Sea provides a clearer divide between Africa and Europe, some traditionally European islands such as Malta and Sicily are located on the African continental plate. The island of Iceland is part of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, straddling the Eurasian Plate and the North American Plate.
Some territories geographically outside Europe have strong connections with European states. Greenland has socio-political connections with Europe and is part of the Kingdom of Denmark, but is grouped with the continent of North America.
Other territories are part of European countries but are geographically located in other continents, such as the French overseas departments, the Spanish cities of Ceuta and Melilla on the coast of Africa, and the Dutch Caribbean territories of Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius.
Sovereign states.
A sovereign state is a political association with effective sovereignty over a population for whom it makes decisions in the national interest. According to the Montevideo convention, a state must have a permanent population, a defined territory, a government, and the capacity to enter into relations with other states.
Recognised states.
There are 50 internationally recognised sovereign states with territory located within the common definition of Europe and/or membership in international European organisations, of which 44 have their capital city within Europe. All except the Vatican City are members of the United Nations (UN), and all except Belarus, Kazakhstan and Vatican City are members of the Council of Europe. Since 2013, 28 of these countries are also member states of the EU, which means they are highly integrated with each other and share their sovereignty with EU institutions.
Each entry in the list below has a map of its location in Europe. Territory in Europe is shown in dark-green; territory not geographically in Europe is shown in a lighter shade of green. The lightest shade of green represents states in the EU and is shown on the maps of all territories within the EU.
Partially recognised states.
The following six entities in Europe have partial diplomatic recognition by one or more UN member states (and therefore are defined as states by the constitutive theory of statehood) or have no diplomatic recognition by any UN member state but are defined as states by the declarative theory of statehood and are recognised by one or more Non-UN member states. None are members of the UN, Council of Europe or EU.
Dependent territories.
The following six European entities are dependent territories.
Special areas of internal sovereignty.
The following places are considered integral parts of their controlling state, but have a political arrangement which was decided through an international agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="9760930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760930" title="Wu Ji (Fengshen Yanyi)">
Wu Ji (Fengshen Yanyi)

Wu Ji (Chinese: 武吉; Pinyin: Wǔ Jí) is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Investiture of the Gods" (more commonly known as "Fengshen Yanyi"). 
Wu Ji is a common woodcutter that spends each of his days cutting down wood within the Western Foothills. Every day however, Wu Ji would happen to notice Jiang Ziya sitting beneath a large willow tree while fishing baitless. Due to this, Wu Ji would sit by Jiang Ziya at a certain point in time and ask his name. At first, Wu Ji would laugh at Jiang, because his by-name had been Flying Bear, but only high-ranking officials or learned individuals should be in the possession of a by-name. Soon enough after Wu Ji seemingly mocks Jiang in a more subtle way, Jiang would tell Wu Ji that he will kill a person today. With anger at being cursed, Wu Ji would take his leave. 
However, later throughout the same day, Wu Ji would return to Jiang Ziya while pleading for his help -- for he had indeed killed an invidividual by accident. Soon enough, Jiang would manage to assist Wu Ji after he vowed to be his disciple. Later on following the arrival of Ji Chang's entourage at River Pan, Wu Ji would be shown and would lead Ji Chang to his master's house. Following the employment of Jiang Ziya as Prime Minister under Ji Chang, Wu Ji would attain the rank of general.

</doc>
<doc id="9760958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760958" title="Penrhyn language">
Penrhyn language

The Penrhyn language is a Polynesian language spoken by about 200 people on Penrhyn Island and other islands in Northern Cook Islands. It is considered to be an endangered language as many of its users are shifting to Rarotongan and English.

</doc>
<doc id="9760979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9760979" title="2006 Golden Corral 500">
2006 Golden Corral 500

The 2006 Golden Corral 500 was the fourth race in the 2006 NASCAR Nextel Cup season which took place on March 20, 2006 at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Rain showers forced the green flag to be moved back to the Monday. Television coverage moved to cable's FX channel for the race (with some exceptions).
Race recap.
Kasey Kahne sat on the pole with a speed of 192.553 mph, edging Ryan Newman by .002 seconds. Bill Lester qualified 19th in the #23 Waste Management Dodge Charger, becoming the first African-American to start a NASCAR Nextel Cup race since 1986. He finished 38th, six laps down.
For the first time during the season there were no extra laps at the end of the race. Last year's Atlanta winner, Carl Edwards eliminated himself from contention early. He damaged the front end of the 99 car after hitting Dave Blaney on pit road on lap 45 during a caution to address the stopped car of Kyle Busch. Bobby Labonte ran in the top 10 for the first 50 laps before his engine failed on lap 55. Another scary incident took place on pit road during the sixth caution of the day (laps 189-197), when Reed Sorenson hit John Slusher, catch can man for Robby Gordon's crew, as he pulled out of his pit stall. Slusher was attached to a backboard but treated at the infield care center.
Several rookies had good days at Atlanta. Paul Menard and Reed Sorenson finished in the top ten, and Denny Hamlin led 16 laps. He was forced to make an unscheduled pit stop because of a loose condition, and finished 31st.
On the track, the 9 car was near the front all day. Kahne took the lead from Greg Biffle with 79 laps to go. Despite a challenge from Mark Martin, Kahne was not seriously challenged down the stretch and visited victory lane for the second time in his career. Kahne was the first driver to win from the pole since Matt Kenseth in the 2005 Sharpie 500.
Race results.
Failed to qualify: Mike Garvey (#51), Stanton Barrett (#95), Chad Chaffin (#34), Derrike Cope (#74), Kenny Wallace (#78), Travis Kvapil (#32), Mike Skinner (#37), Greg Sacks (#13), Chad Blount (#92)

</doc>
<doc id="9761013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761013" title="List of Major League Lacrosse stadiums">
List of Major League Lacrosse stadiums


</doc>
<doc id="9761027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761027" title="List of Sheffield United F.C. managers">
List of Sheffield United F.C. managers

This is a chronological list of managers of Sheffield United, a football club based in Sheffield, England.
United were formed in 1889 as an offshoot of the already existing Sheffield United Cricket Club and committee member and club secretary JB Wostinholm was placed in charge of team affairs, thus becoming their first 'manager' (although his official title was 'Club secretary'.) The Blades have since had a further twenty six full-time managers (discounting those appointed on an interim basis), their most recent manager being Nigel Clough who was appointed in 2013.
The clubs most successful manager was John Nicholson who replaced Wostinholm in 1899 and who remained in the post until his death in 1932. Under Nicholson the Blades won the FA Cup four times and established themselves as one of the dominant forces in English football, although winning the Championship for a second time eluded them during that period.
Since Nicholson's death the club have appointed a succession of managers who have enjoyed varying levels of success while the team has generally remained in the top two divisions of English football. The exception was a period of gradual decline during the late 1970s which ultimately saw United relegated to the fourth tier under Martin Peters in 1981. The club recovered and returned to the top flight in 1990 under Dave Bassett.
After a period of relative stability, a chaotic 2010–11 season saw the Blades go through three managers Kevin Blackwell, Gary Speed and Micky Adams as well as John Carver who took charge as acting manager for a number of games, the ultimate result of which saw the side relegated to League One.
The majority of the club's managers have been English, the only exceptions being John Harris, Ian Porterfield, Billy McEwan and David Weir (all from Scotland), Gary Speed (who was Welsh) and Danny Wilson who has represented Northern Ireland at international football. Wilson is also the only person to have been manager of both United and fierce cross-town rivals Sheffield Wednesday.
Managerial history.
1889–1932: Early days.
At its formation in 1889 United did not employ what would today be termed a manager, the side was coached by a trainer and a football committee selected the team and decided upon tactics (this was a continuation of the structure of Sheffield United Cricket Club from which the football team had been formed.) They did appoint Joseph Wostinholm to the position of club secretary and he was responsible for the day-to-day running of the club, matchday organisation and dealing with players and contracts. Wostinholm oversaw a period of rapid growth for the team, culminating in 1899 when United won their one and only First Division championship, after which he retired. Wostinholm was replaced by John Nicholson as secretary and he would remain in post for over 30 years until his death in 1932. Nicholson presided over the most successful period in the club's history as United became a leading force in English football, winning the FA Cup four times and regularly challenged at the top of the league but a second Division One title for the club eluded him.
1932–73: A new era.
Following the death of John Nicholson, who died whilst travelling to an away match in Birmingham, the United board turned to Chesterfield manager Teddy Davison to become the club's first real manager. The team were in decline however and were soon relegated for the first time in their history. Davison gradually rebuilt the side with astute signings and young players and regained top flight status but the clubs post-war financial problems would hamper team building for years to come. Davison retired in 1952 and prompted the club to appoint Rotherham United manager Reg Freeman as his successor. Freeman stabilised the team but fell ill and died in 1955, after which United turned to the inexperienced Joe Mercer but he struggled to cope with a team in decline and departed for Aston Villa in 1958. United then appointed Chester manager John Harris who inherited a talented but under performing side which he transformed into a promotion team, returning to Division One in 1961. Harris built a side based on local players and stabilised them in the top flight but financial issues soon prompted the sale of key players and United were eventually relegated once more. Harris opted to 'move upstairs' to become 'General Manager', and handed the role of team manager to Arthur Rowley but he was sacked after one season following disappointing results. Harris returned as manager and guided the side to promotion once more but after a good start back in the top flight Harris' confidence faded and he stepped down in 1973 to 'move upstairs' for the second time.
1973–81: Rapid decline.
Experienced Blackburn Rovers manager Ken Furphy was the man United turned to replace John Harris. He initially did well but the team was ageing and there was little money to replace players, but after a good finish in his first season a disastrous string of results the following year led to Furphy being sacked in October 1975. Jimmy Sirrel was recruited from Notts County but he proved unpopular with both the players and fans and could not halt the decline, overseeing relegation and then being sacked in September 1977 with United at the bottom of Division Two. The ambitious and colourful Harry Haslam was then handed the reins and although many of his ideas were ahead of their time he built an ageing side based on 'star' players at the end of their career. Now in the Third Division performances deteriorated still further and Haslam stepped down due to illness in January 1981. World Cup winner and then United player Martin Peters was promoted to the position of manager but United were relegated to Division Four at the end of the season and Peters resigned.
1981–95: Moving on up.
With a new ambitious board in place United recruited Ian Porterfield as manager in June 1981. He had an immediate impact, winning the Division Four championship in his first season and taking the club back into the second tier two years later on a meagre budget. Despite this many fans were unhappy with the style of football and Porterfield was sacked in 1986 following supporter protests. Coach Billy McEwan was promoted to the position of manager but failed to improve the standard of play and with attendances falling and the team in danger of relegation once more he was sacked in January 1988. United now turned to the colourful character of Dave Bassett who had most recently had a short, unsuccessful spell as manager of Watford. It was to prove an astute appointment as although he could not prevent relegation in his first season he built a solid, hard working team on a small budget and won back to back promotions, returning the club to the top flight and achieving regular mid-table finishes. With the formation of the Premier League United's old financial problems and willingness to sell star players without replacing them meant the side eventually succumbed to relegation and when an immediate return was not forthcoming Basset was sacked in December 1995.
1995–present: Comings and goings.
The following years proved a turbulent time for United as they chased the ambition of Premiership football. Experienced Howard Kendall was recruited as manager and undertook a complete rebuilding of the side but left in June 1997 to take over at Everton. Player-coach Nigel Spackman was promoted to replace Kendall but after initial promise he quit after only eight months citing boardroom interference. This was to become a recurring theme and replacement Steve Bruce would leave after only one season citing the same reasons. Adrian Heath then proved a disastrous appointment and lasted only six months before being sacked with United looking more likely to be relegated than promoted. The Blades then turned to experienced lower league manager Neil Warnock who managed to stave off relegation and began to rebuild the side on a meagre budget. Warnock proved a divisive figure with fans but after a number of mid-table finishes he achieved promotion back to the Premiership in 2006 but the side were poor the following season and were relegated, prompting the board not to renew Warnock's contract.
Just like Adrian Heath, the appointment of Bryan Robson in 2007 proved an unpopular and unsuccessful one and he was sacked after less than a year following poor results and intense fan pressure. Former assistant manager Kevin Blackwell was appointed as Robson's replacement, but despite reaching the play off finals in his first full season the team was obviously in decline and he was sacked after only two games of the 2010–11 season. Worse was to come however as player-coach Gary Speed was briefly promoted to manager, but left after only a few months to take over the Welsh national side. Micky Adams then became the third full-time manager of the season and oversaw a disastrous run of results which saw United relegated and Adams sacked after only six months in charge. With United in the third tier once more Danny Wilson was appointed as manager in June 2011, despite protests from United fans over his previous association with cross-town rivals Sheffield Wednesday. He guided the club to the League One play off final in his first full season in charge, losing to Huddersfield Town. Despite the club challenging for promotion the following season, a poor run of results led to Wilson's departure in April 2013, being replaced by Chris Morgan until the end of the season. After a long search for a new boss former Scotland defender David Weir was appointed as Wilson's long-term replacement. His tenure was short-lived however, as he was sacked the following October after winning only one game from thirteen in charge. After Chris Morgan had overseen the team for a brief time, Nigel Clough was appointed as Weir's permanent successor in October 2013.
Assistant Managers.
Archie Clark was the first person to be officially appointed assistant manager of Sheffield United in 1958. Since then United have appointed a further 24 people to the position, with Gary Crosby post holder. Of the club's assistant managers, four of them (Martin Peters, Adrian Heath, Nigel Spackman and Kevin Blackwell) were subsequently appointed to the position of manager on a full–time basis, while a further three (Archie Clark, Cec Coldwell twice and Russell Slade twice) took the role on a caretaker basis. Steve Thompson made the reverse transition, having a spell as acting manager in 1997 before being appointed as joint assistant manager to Steve Bruce a year later.

</doc>
<doc id="9761047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761047" title="Shia–Sunni relations">
Shia–Sunni relations

Sunni and Shia Islam are the two major denominations of Islam. The demographic breakdown between the two denominations is difficult to assess and varies by source, but a good approximation is that 87–89% of the world’s Muslims are Sunni and 11-12% are Shia, with most Shias belonging to the Twelver tradition and the rest divided between several other groups.
Sunnis are a majority in most Muslim communities: in Southeast Asia, China, South Asia, Africa, and most of the Arab world. Shia make up the majority of the citizen population in Iran, Iraq, and Bahrain, as well as being a politically significant minority in Lebanon. Azerbaijan is predominantly Shia; however, practicing adherents are much lower. Pakistan has the largest Sunni and second-largest Shia Muslim (Twelver) population in the world.
The historic background of the Sunni–Shia split lies in the schism that occurred when the Islamic prophet Muhammad died in the year 632, leading to a dispute over succession to Muhammad as a caliph of the Islamic community spread across various parts of the world, which led to the Battle of Siffin. The dispute intensified greatly after the Battle of Karbala, in which Hussein ibn Ali and his household were killed by the ruling Umayyad Caliph Yazid I, and the outcry for his revenge divided the early Islamic community. Today there are differences in religious practice, traditions, and customs, often related to jurisprudence. Although all Muslim groups consider the Quran to be divine, Sunni and Shia have different opinions on hadith.
Over the years, Sunni–Shia relations have been marked by both cooperation and conflict. Sectarian violence persists to this day from Pakistan to Yemen and is a major element of friction throughout the Middle East. Tensions between communities have intensified during power struggles, such as the Bahraini uprising, the Iraq War, and most recently the Syrian Civil War and the formation of the self-styled Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant and its advancement on Syria and Northern Iraq.
Numbers.
Sunnis are a majority in most Muslim communities in Southeast Asia, China, South Asia, Africa, most of the Arab World, and among Muslims in the United States (of which 85-90% are Sunnis). Shias make up the majority of the Muslim population in Iran (around 90–95%), Azerbaijan (around 85%), Iraq (around 60-65%) and Bahrain (around 65%). Minority communities are also found in Yemen where over 45% of the population are Shia (mostly of the Zaidi sect), according to the UNHCR. Others put the numbers of Shias at 30%. About 10-15% of Turkey's population belong to the Alevi sect. The Shia constitute around 30-40% of Kuwait, 45-55% of the Muslim population in Lebanon, 10% of Saudi Arabia, 15% of Syria, and 10-15% of Pakistan. Around 10-15% of Afghanistan, less than 5% of the Muslims in Nigeria, and around 3% of population of Tajikistan are Shia.
Historical beliefs and leadership.
Successors of Muhammad.
Sunnis believe that Abu Bakr, the father of Muhammad's wife Aisha, was Muhammad's rightful successor and that the method of choosing or electing leaders ("Shura") endorsed by the Quran is the consensus of the "Ummah" (the Muslim community).
Shias believe that Muhammad divinely ordained his cousin and son-in-law Ali (the father of his grandsons Hasan ibn Ali and Hussein ibn Ali) in accordance with the command of God to be the next caliph, making Ali and his direct descendants Muhammad's successors. Ali was married to Fatimah, Muhammad's daughter from his wife Khadijah bint Khuwaylid.
Aisha endorsed her father Abu Bakr as the successor to Muhammad. In the Battle of the Camel (656), Aisha opposed her step son-in-law Ali outside the city of Basra because she wanted justice on the perpetrators of the assassination of the previous caliph, Uthman. Aisha's forces were defeated and Muhammad's widow was respectfully escorted back to Medina.
Sunnis follow the "Rashidun" "rightly guided Caliphs", who were the first four caliphs who ruled after the death of Muhammad: Abu Bakr (632-634), Umar ibn al-Khattab (634-644), Uthman ibn Affan (644-656), and the aforementioned Ali Ibn Abi Talib (656-661).
Shia theology discounts the legitimacy of the first three caliphs and believes that Ali is the second-most divinely inspired man (after Muhammed) and that he and his descendants by Fatimah, the Imams, are the sole legitimate Islamic leaders.
The Imamate of the Shia encompasses far more of a prophetic function than the Caliphate of the Sunnis. Unlike Sunni, Shias believe special spiritual qualities have been granted not only to Muhammad but also to Ali and the other Imams. Twelvers believe the imams are immaculate from sin and human error ("ma'sūm"), and can understand and interpret the hidden inner meaning of the teachings of Islam. In this way the Imams are trustees ("wasi") who bear the light of Muhammad ("Nūr Muhammadin").
Mahdi.
While Shias and Sunnis differ on the nature of the Mahdi, many members of both groups, especially Sufis, believe that the Mahdi will appear at the end of the world to bring about a perfect and just Islamic society.
In Shia Islam "the Mahdi symbol has developed into a powerful and central religious idea." Twelvers believe the Mahdi will be Muhammad al-Mahdi, the twelfth Imam returned from the Occultation, where he has been hidden by God since 874. In contrast, mainstream Sunnis believe the Mahdi will be named Muhammad, be a descendant of Muhammad, and will revive the faith, but will not necessarily be connected with the end of the world.
Hadith.
The Shias accept some of the same "hadiths" used by Sunnis as part of the "sunnah" to argue their case. In addition, they consider the sayings of "Ahl al-Bayt" that are not attributed directly to Muhammad as hadiths. Shias do not accept many Sunni hadiths unless they are also recorded in Shia sources or the methodology can be proven of how they were recorded. Also, some Sunni-accepted hadith are less favored by Shias; one example is that because of Aisha's opposition to Ali, hadiths narrated by Aisha are not given the same authority as those by other companions. Another example is hadith narrated by Abu Hurairah, who is considered by Shias as the enemy of Ali. The Shia argument is that Abu Hurairah was only a Muslim four years of his life before Muhammad's death. Although he accompanied Muhammad for four years only, he managed to record ten times as many hadiths as Abu Bakr and Ali each.
Emphasis.
Mainstream Sunnism has been said to be "about" "Sharia", sacred law. In contrast, the Shia also follow Islamic law with great "vigilance", but their belief is added with "Ijtihad" "Research" in the light of teachings of the Quran.
Shiism and Sufism.
Shiism and Sufism are said to share a number of hallmarks: Belief in an inner meaning to the Quran, special status for some mortals (saints for Sufi, Imams for Shias), as well as veneration of Ali and Muhammad's family.
Practices.
Many distinctions can be made between Sunnis and Shiaīs through observation alone:
Salat.
When prostrating during ritual prayer ("salat"), Shias place their forehead onto a piece of naturally occurring material, often a clay tablet ("mohr"), soil ("turbah") at times from Karbala, the place where Hussein ibn Ali was martyred, instead of directly onto a prayer rug. There is precedence for this in Sunni thought too, as it is recommended to prostrate on earth, or upon something that grows from the earth.
Some Shia perform prayers back to back, sometimes worshipping two times consecutively (1+2+2 i.e. "fajr" on its own "Dhuhr" with "Asr" and "Maghrib" with "Isha"'), thus praying five times a day but with a very small break in between the prayer, a tradition Muhammad followed according to the Sunni scholar Muhammad al-Bukhari and which is also followed by Muslims all over the world while performing "Hajj", instead of five prayers with at least one hour gap between them as required by Sunni schools of law.
Shias and the followers of the Sunni Maliki school hold their hands at their sides during prayer; Sunnis of other schools cross their arms (right over left) and clasp their hands; it is commonly held by Sunni scholars especially of Maliki school that either is acceptable.
Mutah.
The Twelver Shia permit "Nikah mut‘ah"—fixed-term temporary marriage— which is not acceptable within the Sunni community or the Ismaili Shia or the Zaidi Shia and is believed a planned and agreed fornication. Mutah is not the same as "Misyar" marriage or " 'Arfi" marriage, which has no date of expiration and is permitted by some Sunnis. A Misyar marriage differs from a conventional Islamic marriage in that the man does not have financial responsibility over the woman by her own free will. The man can divorce the woman whenever he wants to in a Misyar marriage.
Hijab and dress.
Both Sunni and Shia women wear the "hijab". Devout women of the Shia traditionally wear black and yellow as do some Sunni women in the Gulf. Some Shia religious leaders also wear a black robe. Mainstream Shia and Sunni women wear the "hijab" differently. Some Sunni scholars emphasize covering of all body including the face in public whereas some scholars exclude the face from hijab. Shias believe that the hijab must cover around the perimeter of the face and up to the chin. Like Sunnis, some Shia women, such as those in Iran and Iraq, use their hand to hold the black "chador", in order to cover their faces when in public.
Given names.
Shia are sometimes recognizable by their names, which are often derived from the proper names or titles of saints. In particular, the names Ali, Hussein, and Hasan are disproportionately common among Shias, though they may also be used by Sunnis. Umar and Uthman, being the names of caliphs recognized by Sunnis but not Shias, are commonly used as names for Sunnis but are rare for Shias.
Theology.
Sunni theology.
The Five Pillars of Islam (Arabic: أركان الإسلام) is the term given to the five duties incumbent on every Muslim. These duties are "Shahada" (profession of faith), salat (prayers), "Zakāt" (giving of alms), "Sawm" (fasting, specifically during Ramadan) and "Hajj" (pilgrimage to Mecca). These five practices are essential to Sunni Muslims.
Shia theology.
The Five Pillars are also accepted as essential rituals and practiced by Shias. Shia theology has two concepts that define religion as a whole. There are Roots of Religion ("Usūl al-Dīn") and Branches of Religion ("Furu al Din").
History.
Abbasid era.
The Umayyads were overthrown in 750 by a new dynasty, the Abbasids. The first Abbasid caliph, As-Saffah, recruited Shia support in his campaign against the Umayyads by emphasising his blood relationship to Muhammad's household through descent from his uncle, ‘Abbas ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib. The Shia also believe that he promised them that the Caliphate, or at least religious authority, would be vested in the Shia Imam. As-Saffah assumed both the temporal and religious mantle of Caliph himself. He continued the Umayyad dynastic practice of succession, and his brother al-Mansur succeeded him in 754.
Ja'far al-Sadiq, the sixth Shia Imam, died during al-Mansur's reign, and there were claims that he was murdered on the orders of the caliph. (However, Abbasid persecution of Islamic lawyers was not restricted to the Shia. Abū Ḥanīfa, for example was imprisoned by al-Mansur and tortured.)
Shia sources further claim that by the orders of the tenth Abassid caliph, al-Mutawakkil, the tomb of the third Imam, Hussein ibn Ali in Karbala, was completely demolished, and Shias were sometimes beheaded in groups, buried alive, or even placed alive within the walls of government buildings still under construction.
The Shia believe that their community continued to live for the most part in hiding and followed their religious life secretly without external manifestations.
Shia–Sunni in Iraq.
Many Shia Iranians migrated to what is now Iraq in the 16th century. "It is said that when modern Iraq was formed, some of the population of Karbala was Iranian". In time, these immigrants adopted the Arabic language and Arab identity, but their origin has been used to "unfairly cast them as lackeys of Iran". Other Iraqi Shias are ethnic Arabs with roots in Iraq as deep as those of their Sunni counterparts.
Shia–Sunni in Persia.
Shafi'i Sunnism was the dominant form of Islam in most of Iran until rise of the Safavid Empire although a significant undercurrent of Ismailism and a very large minority of Twelvers were present all over Persia. Many illustrious scholars and scientists who lived before the Safavid era, such as Avicenna, Jābir ibn Hayyān, Alhazen, Al-Farabi, Ferdowsi and Nasir al-Din al-Tusi and the poet Hafez were Shia Muslims of both the Ismaili and Twelver traditions (some indistinguishably so, such as al-Tusi), as was most of Iran's elite. There were many Sunni scientists and scholars as well, such as Fakhr al-Din al-Razi, philosopher-theologian Al-Ghazali, and poet Saadii.
Nezamiyehs were the medieval institutions of Islamic higher education established by Nizam al-Mulk in the 11th century. Nizamiyyah institutes were the first well-organized universities in the Muslim world. The most famous and celebrated of all the nizamiyyah schools was Al-Nizamiyya of Baghdad (established 1065), where Nizam al-Mulk appointed the distinguished philosopher and theologian, Ghazali, as a professor. Other Nizamiyyah schools were located in Nishapur, Balkh, Herat and Isfahan.
The Sunni hegemony did not undercut the Shia presence in Iran. The writers of the Shia Four Books were Iranian, as were many other great scholars. According to Morteza Motahhari:
The Shia in Persia before the Safavids.
The domination of the Sunni creed during the first nine Islamic centuries characterizes the religious history of Iran during this period. There were however some exceptions to this general domination which emerged in the form of the Zaidis of Tabaristan, the Buwayhid, the rule of the Sultan Muhammad Khudabandah (r. 1304-1316) and the Sarbedaran. Nevertheless, apart from this domination there existed, firstly, throughout these nine centuries, Shia inclinations among many Sunnis of this land and, secondly, Twelver and Zaidi Shiism had prevalence in some parts of Iran. During this period, the Shia in Iran were nourished from Kufa, Baghdad and later from Najaf and Al Hillah. Shia were dominant in Tabaristan, Qom, Kashan, Avaj and Sabzevar. In many other areas the population of Shias and Sunni was mixed.
The first Zaidi state was established in Daylaman and Tabaristan (northern Iran) in 864 by the Alavids; it lasted until the death of its leader at the hand of the Samanids in 928. Roughly forty years later the state was revived in Gilan (north-western Iran) and survived under Hasanid leaders until 1126. After which from the 12th-13th centuries, the Zaidis of Daylaman, Gilan and Tabaristan then acknowledge the Zaidi Imams of Yemen or rival Zaidi Imams within Iran.
The Buyids, who were Zaidi and had a significant influence not only in the provinces of Persia but also in the capital of the caliphate in Baghdad, and even upon the caliph himself, provided a unique opportunity for the spread and diffusion of Shia thought. This spread of Shiism to the inner circles of the government enabled the Shia to withstand those who opposed them by relying upon the power of the caliphate.
Twelvers came to Iran from Arab regions in the course of four stages. First, through the Asharis tribe at the end of the 7th and during the 8th century. Second through the pupils of Sabzevar, and especially those of Al-Shaykh Al-Mufid, who were from Rey and Sabzawar and resided in those cities. Third, through the school of Hillah under the leadership of Al-Hilli and his son Fakhr al-Muhaqqiqin. Fourth, through the scholars of Jabal Amel residing in that region, or in Iraq, during the 16th and 17th centuries who later migrated to Iran.
On the other hand, the Ismaili da‘wah ("missionary institution") sent missionaries ("du‘āt", sg. "dā‘ī") during the Fatimid Caliphate to Persia. When the Ismailis divided into two sects, Nizaris established their base in northern Persia. Hassan-i Sabbah conquered fortresses and captured Alamut in 1090. Nizaris used this fortress until the Mongols finally seized and destroyed it in 1256.
After the Mongols and the fall of the Abbasids, the Sunni Ulama suffered greatly. In addition to the destruction of the caliphate there was no official Sunni school of law. Many libraries and madrasahs were destroyed and Sunni scholars migrated to other Islamic areas such as Anatolia and Egypt. In contrast, most Shia were largely unaffected as their center was not in Iran at this time. For the first time, the Shia could openly convert other Muslims to their movement.
Several local Shia dynasties like the Marashi and Sarbadars were established during this time. The kings of the Kara Koyunlu dynasty ruled in Tabriz with a domain extending to Fars and Kerman. In Egypt the Fatimid government ruled.
Muhammad Khudabandah, the famous builder of Soltaniyeh, was among the first of the Mongols to convert to Shiaism, and his descendants ruled for many years in Persia and were instrumental in spreading Shī‘ī thought.
Sufism played a major role in spread of Shiism in this time.
Shiism in Persia after Safavids.
Ismail I initiated a religious policy to recognize Shiism as the official religion of the Safavid Empire, and the fact that modern Iran remains an officially Shia state is a direct result of Ismail's actions.
Unfortunately for Ismail, most of his subjects were Sunni. He thus had to enforce official Shiism violently, putting to death those who opposed him. Under this pressure, Safavid subjects either converted or pretended to convert, but it is safe to say that the majority of the population was probably genuinely Shia by the end of the Safavid period in the 18th century, and most Iranians today are Shia, although there is still a Sunni minority.
This led to a wide gap between Iran and its Sunni neighbors, particularly the Ottoman Empire in the wake of the Battle of Chaldiran. This gap continued until the 20th century.
During the early days of the Iranian Revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini endeavored to bridge the gap between Shiites and Sunnis by declaring it permissible for Twelvers to pray behind Sunni imams and by forbidding criticizing the Caliphs who preceded Ali—an issue that had caused much animosity between the two groups.
Shia–Sunni in Levant.
Shias claim that despite these advances, many Shias in Syria continued to be killed during this period for their faith. One of these was Muhammad Ibn Makki, called "Shahid-i Awwal (the First Martyr)", one of the great figures in Shia jurisprudence, who was killed in Damascus in 1384.
Shahab al-Din Suhrawardi was another eminent scholar, killed in Aleppo on charges of cultivating Batini teachings and philosophy.
Shia–Sunni in South Asia.
Shia in South Asia faced persecution by some Sunni rulers and Mughal Emperors which resulted in the killings of Shia scholars like Qazi Nurullah Shustari (also known as "Shaheed-e-Thaalis", the third Martyr) and Mirza Muhammad Kamil Dehlavi (also known as" Shaheed-e- Rabay", the fourth Martyr) who are two of the five martyrs of Shia Islam. Shias in Kashmir in subsequent years had to pass through the most atrocious period of their history. Sunni razzias which came to be known as "Taarajs" virtually devastated the community. History records 10 such Taarajs also known as "Taraj-e-Shia" between the 15th and 19th centuries in 1548, 1585, 1635, 1686, 1719, 1741, 1762, 1801, 1830, 1872 during which the Shia habitations were plundered, people slaughtered, libraries burnt and their sacred sites desecrated.
Sunni–Shia clashes also occurred occasionally in the 20th century in South Asia. There were many between 1904 and 1908, especially in the United Provinces (Uttar Pradesh) area. These clashes revolved around the public cursing of the first three caliphs by Shias and the praising of them by Sunnis. To put a stop to the violence, public demonstrations were banned in 1909 on the three most sensitive days: Ashura, Chehlum and Ali's death on 21 Ramadan. Intercommunal violence resurfaced in 1935-36 and again in 1939 when many thousands of Sunni and Shias defied the ban on public demonstrations and took to the streets. Shia are estimated to be 21-35% of the Muslim population in South Asia, although the total number is difficult to estimate due to the intermingling between the two groups and practice of "taqiyya" by Shia 
Modern Sunni–Shia relations.
In addition to Iran, Iraq has emerged as a major Shia government when the Twelvers achieved political dominance in 2005 under American occupation. The two communities have often remained separate, mingling regularly only during the Hajj pilgrimage in Mecca. In some countries like Iraq, Syria, Kuwait and Bahrain, communities have mingled and intermarried. Some Shia have complained of mistreatment in countries dominated by Sunnis, especially in Saudi Arabia, while some Sunnis have complained of discrimination in the Twelver-dominated states of Iraq and Iran.
Some tension developed between Sunnis and Shia as a result of clashes over Iranian pilgrims and Saudi police at the hajj. 
According to some reports, as of mid-2013, the Syrian Civil War has become "overtly sectarian" with the "sectarian lines fall most sharply" between Alawites and Sunnis. With the involvement of Lebanese Shia paramilitary group Hezbollah, the fighting in Syria has reignited "long-simmering tensions between Sunnis and Shi’ites" spilling over into Lebanon and Iraq.
1919-1970.
At least one scholar sees the period from the collapse of the Ottoman Empire through the decline of Arab nationalism as a time of relative unity and harmony between traditionalist Sunni and Shia Muslims—unity brought on by a feeling of being under siege from a common threat, secularism, first of the European colonial variety and then Arab nationalist.
A remarkable example of Sunni–Shia cooperation was the Khilafat Movement which swept South Asia following the defeat of the Ottoman Empire, the seat of the Caliphate, in World War I. Shia scholars "came to the caliphate's defence" by attending the 1931 Caliphate Conference in Jerusalem. This was despite the fact they were theologically opposed to the idea that non-Imams could be Caliphs or successors to Muhammad, and that the Caliphate was "the flagship institution" of Sunni, not Shia, authority. This has been described as unity of traditionalists in the face of the twin threats of "secularism and colonialism."
Another example of unity was a fatwā issued by the rector of Al-Azhar University, Mahmud Shaltut, recognizing Shia Islamic law as the fifth school of Islamic law. In 1959, al-Azhar University in Cairo, the most influential center of Sunni learning, authorized the teaching of courses of Shia jurisprudence as part of its curriculum.
Post-1980.
Following this period, Sunni–Shia strife has seen a major upturn, particularly in Iraq and Pakistan. Many explain the bloodshed as the work of conspiracies by extremist forces—"the forces of hegemony and Zionism which aim to weaken (Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Yusuf al-Qaradawi), unspecified "enemies" (Iran president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad), or American neo-liberals who wish to provoke "a debilitating Islam civil war." (Dilip Hiro).
Others lay the blame for the strife at a very different source, the unintended effects of the Islamic revival. According to scholar Vali Nasr, as the Muslim world was decolonialised and Arab nationalism lost its appeal, fundamentalism blossomed and reasserted the differences and conflicts between the two movements, particularly in the strict teachings of Sunni scholar Ibn Taymiyyah. The Iranian Islamic revolution changed the Shia–Sunni power equation in Muslim countries "from Lebanon to India" arousing the traditionally subservient Shia to the alarm of traditionally dominant and very non-revolutionary Sunni. "Where Iranian revolutionaries saw Islamic revolutionary stirrings, Sunnis saw mostly Shia mischief and a threat to Sunni predominance."
Although the Iranian revolution's leader, Ayatollah Khomeini, was very much in favor of Shia–Sunni unity, he also challenged Saudi Arabia, in his view an "unpopular and corrupt dictatorship" and an "American lackey" ripe for revolution. In part because Saudi Arabia was the world's major international funder of Islamic schools, scholarships, fellowships, etc., this angered not only Saudi Arabia but its many fundamentalist allies and benefactors throughout the Arab world.
Olivier Roy, research director at the French National Centre for Scientific Research, sees the "Shia awakening and its instrumentalisation by Iran" as leading to a "very violent Sunni reaction", starting first in Pakistan before spreading to "the rest of the Muslim world, without necessarily being as violent." According to Roy, "two events created a sea change in the balance of power between Shia and Sunnis: the Islamic revolution in Iran and the American military intervention in Iraq" in 2003. "Today, Azerbaijan is probably the only country where there are still mixed mosques and Shia and Sunnis pray together."
Iraq.
Shia–Sunni discord in Iraq starts with disagreement over the relative population of the two groups. According to most sources, including the CIA's "World Factbook", the majority of Iraqis are Shia Arab Muslims (around 65%), and Sunnis represent about 32% of the population. However, Sunni are split ethnically between Arabs, Kurds and Turkmen. Many Sunnis hotly dispute their minority status, including ex-Iraqi Ambassador Faruq Ziada, and many believe Shia majority is "a myth spread by America". One Sunni belief shared by Jordan's King Abdullah as well as his then Defense Minister Shaalan is that Shia numbers in Iraq were inflated by Iranian Shias crossing the border. Shia scholar Vali Nasr believes the election turnout in summer and December 2005 confirmed a strong Shia majority in Iraq.
The British, having put down a Shia rebellion against their rule in the 1920s, "confirmed their reliance on a corps of Sunni ex-officers of the collapsed Ottoman empire". The British colonial rule ended after the Sunni and Shia united against it.
The Shia suffered indirect and direct persecution under post-colonial Iraqi governments since 1932, erupting into full scale rebellions in 1935 and 1936. Shias were also persecuted during the Ba'ath Party rule, especially under Saddam Hussein. It is said that every Shia clerical family of note in Iraq had tales of torture and murder to recount. In 1969 the son of Iraq's highest Shia Ayatollah Muhsin al-Hakim was arrested and allegedly tortured. From 1979-1983 Saddam's regime executed 48 major Shia clerics in Iraq. They included Shia leader Mohammad Baqir al-Sadr and his sister. Tens of thousands of Iranians and Arabs of Iranian origin were expelled in 1979 and 1980 and a further 75,000 in 1989. 
The Shias openly revolted against Saddam following the Gulf War in 1991 and were encouraged by Saddam's defeat in Kuwait and by simultaneous Kurdish uprising in the north. However, Shia opposition to the government was brutally suppressed, resulting in some 50,000 to 100,000 casualties and successive repression by Saddam's forces. The governing regimes of Iraq were composed mainly of Sunnis for nearly a century until the 2003 Iraq War.
Iraq War.
Some of the worst sectarian strife ever has occurred after the start of the Iraq War, steadily building up to the present. Deaths from American and allied military collateral damage have become overshadowed by the cycle of Sunni–Shia revenge killing—Sunni often used car bombs, while Shia favored death squads.
According to one estimate, as of early 2008, 1,121 suicide bombers have blown themselves up in Iraq. Sunni suicide bombers have targeted not only thousands of civilians, but mosques, shrines, wedding and funeral processions, markets, hospitals, offices, and streets. Sunni insurgent organizations include Ansar al-Islam. Radical groups include Al-Tawhid Wal-Jihad, Jeish al-Taiifa al-Mansoura, Jeish Muhammad, and Black Banner Organization.
"Takfir" motivation for many of these killings may come from Sunni insurgent leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Before his death Zarqawi was one to quote Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab, especially his infamous statement urging followers to kill the Shia of Iraq, and calling the Shias "snakes". An al-Qaeda-affiliated website posted a call for "a full-scale war on Shiites all over Iraq, whenever and wherever they are found." Wahhabi suicide bombers continue to attack Iraqi Shia civilians, and the Shia ulama have in response declared suicide bombing as "haraam":
Some believe the war has strengthened the takfir thinking and may spread Sunni–Shia strife elsewhere.
On the Shia side, in early February 2006 militia-dominated government death squads were reportedly "torturto death or summarily" executing "hundreds" of Sunnis "every month in Baghdad alone," many arrested at random. According to the British television Channel 4, from 2005 through early 2006, commandos of the Ministry of the Interior which is controlled by the Badr Organization, and
The violence shows little sign of getting opposite sides to back down. Iran's Shia leaders are said to become "more determined" the more violent the anti-Shia attacks in Iraq become. One Shia Grand Ayatollah, Yousef Saanei, who has been described as a moderate, reacted to the 2005 suicide bombings of Shia targets in Iraq by saying the bombers were "wolves without pity" and that "sooner rather than later, Iran will have to put them down".
Egypt.
Almost all of Egypt's Muslims are Sunni, but the Syrian Civil War has brought on an increase in anti-Shia rhetoric, and what Human Rights Watch states is "anti-Shia hate speech by Salafis". In 2013 a mob of several hundred attacked a house in the village of Abu Musallim near Cairo, dragging four Shia worshipers through the street before lynching them. Eight other Shia were injured.
Jordan.
Although the country of Jordan is 95% Sunni and has not seen any Shia–Sunni fighting within, it has played a part in the recent Shia-Sunni strife. It is the home country of anti-Shia insurgent Raed Mansour al-Banna, who died perpetrating one of Iraq's worst suicide bombings in the city of Al-Hillah. Al-Banna killed 125 Shia and wounded another 150 in the 2005 Al Hillah bombing of a police recruiting station and adjacent open air market. In March 2005 Salt, al-Banna's home town, saw a three-day wake for al-Banna who Jordanian newspapers and celebrants proclaimed a martyr to Islam, which by definition made the Shia victims "infidels whose murder was justified." Following the wake Shia mobs in Iraq attacked the Jordanian embassy on March 20, 2005. Ambassadors were withdrawn from both countries. All this resulted despite the strong filial bonds, ties of commerce, and traditional friendship between the two neighboring countries.
Pakistan.
Pakistan's citizens have had serious Shia-Sunni discord. Almost 80% of Pakistan's Muslim population is Sunni, with 20% being Shia, but this Shia minority forms the second largest Shia population of any country, larger than the Shia majority in Iraq.
Until recently Shia–Sunni relations have been cordial, and a majority of people of both sects participated in the creation the state of Pakistan in 1940s. Despite the fact that Pakistan is a Sunni majority country, Shias have been elected to top offices and played an important part in the country's politics. Several top Pakistani Generals such as General Muhammad Musa. Pakistan's President Yahya Khan were Shia. Former President Asif Ali Zardari is a Shia. There are many intermarriages between Shia and Sunnis in Pakistan.
Unfortunately, from 1987–2007, "as many as 4,000 people are estimated to have died in sectarian fighting in Pakistan", 300 being killed in 2006. Amongst the culprits blamed for the killing are Al-Qaeda working "with local sectarian groups" to kill what they perceive as Shia apostates, and "foreign powers ... trying to sow discord." Most violence takes place in the largest province of Punjab and the country's commercial and financial capital, Karachi. There have also been conflagrations in the provinces of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Balochistan and Pakistan Occupied Kashmir.
Arab states especially Saudi Arabia and GCC states have been funding extremist Deobandi Sunnis and Wahabis in Pakistan, since the Afghan Jihad. Whereas Iran has been funding Shia militant groups such as Sipah-e-Muhammad Pakistan, resulting in tit-for-tat attacks on each other. Pakistan has become a battleground between Saudi Arabia-funded Deobandi Sunni and Wahabis and Iran-funded Shia resulting in the deaths of thousands of innocent Muslims.
Background.
Some see a precursor of Pakistani Shia–Sunni strife in the April 1979 execution of deposed President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto on questionable charges by Islamic fundamentalist General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq. Ali Bhutto was Shia, Zia ul-Haq a Sunni.
Zia-ul-Haq's Islamization that followed was resisted by Shia who saw it as "Sunnification" as the laws and regulations were based on Sunni "fiqh". In July 1980, 25,000 Shia protested the Islamization laws in the capital Islamabad. Further exacerbating the situation was the dislike between Shia leader Imam Khomeini and General Zia ul-Haq.
Shia formed student associations and a Shia party, Sunni began to form sectarian militias recruited from Deobandi and Ahl al-Hadith madrasahs. Preaching against the Shia in Pakistan was radical cleric Israr Ahmed. Muhammad Manzour Numani, a senior Indian cleric with close ties to Saudi Arabia published a book entitled "Iranian Revolution: Imam Khomeini and Shiism". The book, which "became the gospel of Deobandi militants" in the 1980s, attacked Khomeini and argued the excesses of the Islamic revolution were proof that Shiism was not the doctrine of misguided brothers, but beyond the Islamic pale.
Anti-Shia groups in Pakistan include the Lashkar-e-Jhangvi and Sipah-e-Sahaba Pakistan, offshoots of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (JUI). The groups demand the expulsion of all Shias from Pakistan and have killed hundreds of Pakistani Shias between 1996 and 1999. As in Iraq they "targeted Shia in their holy places and mosques, especially during times of communal prayer." From January to May 1997, Sunni terror groups assassinated 75 Shia community leaders "in a systematic attempt to remove Shias from positions of authority." Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has declared Shia to be "American agents" and the "near enemy" in global jihad.
An example of an early Shia–Sunni "fitna" shootout occurred in Kurram, one of the tribal agencies of the Northwest Pakistan, where the Pushtun population was split between Sunnis and Shia. In September 1996 more than 200 people were killed when a gun battle between teenage Shia and Sunni escalated into a communal war that lasted five days. Women and children were kidnapped and gunmen even executed out-of-towners who were staying at a local hotel.
Afghanistan.
Shia–Sunni strife in Pakistan is strongly intertwined with that in Afghanistan. Though now deposed, the anti-Shia Afghan Taliban regime helped anti-Shia Pakistani groups and vice versa. Lashkar-e-Jhangvi and Sipah-e-Sahaba Pakistan, have sent thousands of volunteers to fight with the Taliban regime and "in return the Taliban gave sanctuary to their leaders in the Afghan capital of Kabul." 
"Over 80,000 Pakistani Islamic militants have trained and fought with the Taliban since 1994. They form a hardcore of Islamic activists, ever-ready to carry out a similar Taliban-style Islamic revolution in Pakistan.", according to Pakistani journalist Ahmed Rashid.
Shia–Sunni strife inside of Afghanistan has mainly been a function of the puritanical Sunni Taliban's clashes with Shia Afghans, primarily the Hazara ethnic group.
In 1998 more than 8,000 noncombatants were killed when the Taliban attacked Mazar-i-Sharif and Bamiyan where many Hazaras live. Some of the slaughter was indiscriminate, but many were Shia targeted by the Taliban. Taliban commander and governor Mullah Niazi banned prayer at Shia mosques and expressed takfir of the Shia in a declaration from Mazar's central mosque:
Assisting the Taliban in the murder of Iranian diplomatic and intelligence officials at the Iranian Consulate in Mazar were "several Pakistani militants of the anti-Shia, Sipah-e-Sahaba party."
Iran and Shia statehood.
Iran is unique in the Muslim world because its population is overwhelmingly more Shia than Sunni (Shia constitute 92% of the population) and because its constitution is theocratic republic based on rule by a Shia jurist.
Although the founder of the Islamic Republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, supported good Sunni–Shia relations, there have been complaints by Sunni of discrimination, particularly in important government positions. In a joint appearance with former Iranian president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani calling for Shia-Suni unity, Sunni Shiekh Yusuf al-Qaradawi complained that no ministers in Iran have been Sunni for a long time, that Sunni officials are scarce even in the regions with majority of Sunni population (such as Kurdistan, or Balochistan). Sunnis cite the lack of a Sunni mosque in Tehran, Iran's capital and largest city, despite the presence of over 1 million Sunnis there, and despite the presence of Christian churches, as a prominent example of this discrimination. Although reformist President Mohammad Khatami promised during his election campaign to build a Sunni mosque in Tehran, none was built during his eight years in office. The president explained the situation by saying Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei would not agree to the proposal. As in other parts of the Muslim world, other issues may play a part in the conflict, since most Sunnis in Iran are also ethnic minorities.
Soon after the 1979 revolution, Sunni leaders from Kurdistan, Balouchistan, and Khorassan, set up a new party known as "Shams", which is short for Shora-ye Markaz-e al Sunaat, to unite Sunnis and lobby for their rights. But six months after that they were closed down, bank accounts suspended and had their leaders arrested by the government on charges that they were backed by Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
A UN human rights report states that:
Members of the 'Balochistan Peoples Front' claim that Sunnis are systematically discriminated against educationally by denial of places at universities, politically by not allowing Sunnis to be army generals, ambassadors, ministers, prime minister, or president, religiously insulting Sunnis in the media, economic discrimination by not giving import or export licenses for Sunni businesses while the majority of Sunnis are left unemployed.
There has been a low level resistance in mainly Sunni Iranian Balouchistan against the regime for several years. Official media refers to the fighting as armed clashes between the police and "bandits," "drug-smugglers," and "thugs," to disguise what many believe is essentially a political-religious conflict. Revolutionary Guards have stationed several brigades in Balouchi cities, and have allegedly tracked down and assassinated Sunni leaders both inside Iran and in neighboring Pakistan. In 1996 a leading Sunni, Abdulmalek Mollahzadeh, was gunned down by hitmen, allegedly hired by Tehran, as he was leaving his house in Karachi.
Members of Sunni groups in Iran however have been active in what the authorities describe as terrorist activities. Balochi Sunni Abdolmalek Rigi continue to declare the Shia as "Kafir" and "Mushrik". These Sunni groups have been involved in violent activities in Iran and have waged terrorist attacks against civilian centers, including an attack next to a girls' school according to government sources. The "shadowy Sunni militant group Jundallah" has reportedly been receiving weaponry from the United States for these attacks according to the semi-official Fars News Agency. The United Nations and several countries worldwide have condemned the bombings. "(See 2007 Zahedan bombings for more information)"
Non-Sunni Iranian opposition parties, and Shia like Ayatollah Jalal Gange’i have criticised the regime's treatment of Sunnis and confirmed many Sunni complaints.
Following the 2005 elections, much of the leadership of Iran has been described as more "staunchly committed to core Shia values" and lacking Ayatollah Khomeini's commitment to Shia–Sunni unity. Polemics critical of Sunnis were reportedly being produced in Arabic for dissemination in the Arab Muslim world by Hojjatieh-aligned elements in the Iranian regime.
Syria.
Syria is approximately three quarters Sunni, but its government is predominately Alawite, a Shia sect that makes up less than 15% of the population. Under Hafez al-Assad, Alawites dominated the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, a secular Arab nationalist party which had ruled Syria under a state of emergency from 1963 to 2011. Alawites are often considered a form of Shia Islam, that differs somewhat from the larger Twelver Shia sect.
During the 20th century, an Islamic uprising in Syria occurred with sectarian religious overtones between the Alawite-dominated Assad government and the Islamist Sunni Muslim Brotherhood, culminating with the 1982 Hama massacre. An estimated 10,000 to 40,000 Syrians, mostly civilians, were killed by Syrian military in the city. During the uprising, the Sunni Muslim Brotherhood attacked military cadets at an artillery school in Aleppo, performed car bomb attacks in Damascus, as well as bomb attacks against the government and its officials, including Hafez al-Assad himself, and had killed several hundred.
How much of the conflict was sparked by Sunni versus Shia divisions and how much by Islamism versus secular-Arab-nationalism, is in question, but according to scholar Vali Nasr the failure of the Ayatollah Khomeini and the Islamic Republic of Iran to support the Muslim Brotherhood against the Baathists "earned the Brotherhood's lasting contempt." It proved to the satisfaction of the Brotherhood that sectarian loyalty trumped Islamist solidarity for Khomeini and eliminated whatever appeal Khomeini might have had to the MB movement as a pan-Islamic leader.
The Syrian Civil War has reawakened the sectarian tensions in Syria, gradually becoming a full-blown sectarian strife between the Alawite-dominated Army and government against the mainly Sunni rebels and former members of the regular army.
Lebanon.
Though sectarian tensions in Lebanon were at their height during the Lebanese Civil War, the Shia–Sunni relations were not the main conflict of the war. The Shia party/militia of Hizbullah emerged in Lebanon during the Lebanese Civil War as one of the strongest forces following the Israeli withdrawal in the year 2000, and the collapse of the South Lebanese Army in the South. The tensions blew into a limited warfare between Shia dominated and Sunni dominated political alliances in 2008.
With the eruption of the Syrian Civil War, tensions increased between the Shia-affiliated Alawites and Sunnis of Tripoli, erupting twice into deadly violence - on June 2011, and the second time on February 2012. The Syrian war has affected Hizbullah, which was once lauded by both Sunnis and Shi'ites for its battles against Israel, but now has lost support from many Sunnis for its military assistance to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Hezbollah has been blamed for bombings of two mosques (Taqwa and al-Salam) frequented by Sunnis in Tripoli on August 23, 2013 that killed at least 42 and wounded hundreds. The bombings are thought to be in retaliation for a large car bomb which detonated on August 15 and killed at least 24 and wounded hundreds in a part of Beirut controlled by the Hizbullah
Yemen.
Muslims in Yemen include the majority Shafi'i (Sunni) and the minority Zaidi (Shia). Zaidi are sometimes called "Fiver Shia" instead of Twelver Shia because they recognize the first four of the Twelve Imams but accept Zayd ibn Ali as their "Fifth Imām" rather than his brother Muhammad al-Baqir. Shia–Sunni conflict in Yemen involves the Shia insurgency in northern Yemen.
Both Shia and Sunni dissidents in Yemen have similar complaints about the government—cooperation with the American government and an alleged failure to following Sharia law—but it's the Shia who have allegedly been singled out for government crackdown.
During and after the US-led invasion of Iraq, members of the Zaidi-Shia community protested after Friday prayers every week outside mosques, particularly the Grand Mosque in Sana'a, during which they shouted anti-US and anti-Israeli slogans, and criticised the government's close ties to America. These protests were led by ex-parliament member and Imam, Bader Eddine al-Houthi. In response the Yemeni government has implemented a campaign to crush to the Zaidi-Shia rebellion" and harass journalists.
These latest measures come as the government faces a Sunni rebellion with a similar motivation to the Zaidi discontent.
Bahrain.
The small Persian Gulf island state of Bahrain has a Shia majority but is ruled by Sunni Al Khalifa family as a constitutional monarchy, with Sunni dominating the ruling class and military and disproportionately represented in the business and landownership. According to the CIA World Factbook, Al Wefaq the largest Shia political society, won the largest number of seats in the elected chamber of the legislature. However, Shia discontent has resurfaced in recent years with street demonstrations and occasional low-level violence." Bahrain has many disaffected unemployed youths and many have protested Sheikh Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa's efforts to create a parliament as merely a "cooptation of the effendis", i.e. traditional elders and notables. Bahrain's 2002 election was widely boycotted by Shia. Mass demonstrations have been held in favor of full fledged democracy in March and June 2005, against an alleged insult to Ayatollah Khamenei in July 2005.
Nigeria.
An example of governments working "to drive wedges between Sunnism and Shiism" was found in Nigeria in 1998 when the Nigerian government of General Sani Abacha accused Muslim Brotherhood leader Sheikh Ibrahim al-Zak Zaki of being a Shia. This was despite the fact that there are few if any Shia among Nigerias Muslims and the Muslim Brotherhood is a Sunni organization.
Saudi Arabia.
While Shia make up roughly 15% of Saudi Arabia's population, they form a large portion of the residents of the eastern province of Hasa—by some estimates a majority—where much of the petroleum industry is based. Between 500,000 and a million Shia live there, concentrated especially around the oases of Qatif and Al-Hasa. The Majority of Saudi Shia belong to the sect of the Twelvers.
Relations between the Shia and the Wahhabis are inherently strained because the Wahhabis consider the rituals of the Shia to be the epitome of "shirk", or polytheism. In the late 1920s, the Ikhwan (Ibn Saud's fighting force of converted Wahhabi Bedouin Muslims) were particularly hostile to the Shia and demanded that Abd al Aziz forcibly convert them. In response, Abd al Aziz sent Wahhabi missionaries to the Eastern Province, but he did not carry through with attempts at forced conversion. In recent decades the late leading Saudi cleric, Abd al-Aziz ibn Abd Allah ibn Baaz, issued fatwa denouncing Shia as apostates, and according to Shia scholar Vali Nasr "Abdul-Rahman al-Jibrin, a member of the Higher Council of Ulama, even sanctioned the killing of Shias, a call that was reiterated by Wahhabi religious literature as late as 2002."
Government policy has been to allow Shia their own mosques and to exempt Shia from Hanbali inheritance practices. Nevertheless, Shia have been forbidden all but the most modest displays on their principal festivals, which are often occasions of sectarian strife in the Persian Gulf region, with its mixed Sunni–Shia populations.
According to a report by the Human Rights Watch:
And Amnesty International adds:
As of 2006 four of the 150 members of Saudi Arabia's "handpicked" parliament were Shia, but no city had a Shia mayor or police chief, and none of the 300 girls schools for Shia in the Eastern Province had a Shia principal. According to scholar Vali Nasr, Saudi textbooks "characterize Shiism as a form of heresy ... worse than Christianity and Judaism."
Forced into exile in the 1970s, Saudi Shia leader Hassan al-Saffar is said to have been "powerfully influenced" by the works of Sunni Islamists of the Muslim Brotherhood and Jamaat-e-Islami and by their call for Islamic revolution and an Islamic state.
Following the 1979 Iranian Revolution, Shia in Hasa ignored the ban on mourning ceremonies commemorating Ashura. When police broke them up three days of rampage ensued—burned cars, attacked banks, looted shops—centered around Qatif. At least 17 Shia were killed. In February 1980 disturbances were "less spontaneous" and even bloodier. Meanwhile broadcasts from Iran in the name of the Islamic Revolutionary Organization attacked the monarchy, telling listeners, "Kings despoil a country when they enter it and make the noblest of its people its meanest ... This is the nature of monarchy, which is rejected by Islam."
By 1993, Saudi Shia had abandoned uncompromising demands and some of al-Saffar's followers met with King Fahd with promised made for reform. In 2005 the new King Abdullah also relaxed some restrictions on the Shia. However Shia continue to be arrested for commemorating Ashura as of 2006. In December 2006, amidst escalating tensions in Iraq, 38 high ranking Saudi clerics called on Sunni Muslims around the world to "mobilise against Shiites".
Shia Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi is reported to have responded:
Saudi Sunni.
A large fraction of the foreign Sunni extremists who have entered Iraq to fight against Shia and the American occupation are thought to be Saudis. According to one estimate, of the approximately 1,200 foreign fighters captured in Syria between summer 2003 and summer 2005, 85% were Saudis.
Another reflection of grassroots Wahhabi or Saudi antipathy to Shia was statement by Saudi cleric Nasir al-Umar, who accused Iraqi Shias of close ties to the United States and argued that both were enemies of Muslims everywhere.
Al-Qaeda.
Some Wahabi groups, often labeled as "takfiri" and sometimes linked to Al-Qaeda, have even advocated the persecution of the Shia as heretics. Such groups have been allegedly responsible for violent attacks and suicide bombings at Shi'a gatherings at mosques and shrines, most notably in Iraq during the Ashura mourning ceremonies where hundreds of Shias were killed in coordinated suicide bombings, but also in Pakistan and Afghanistan. However Al-Qaeda deputy Dr Ayman al-Zawahiri in a video message directed Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, of Al-Qaeda in Iraq, not to attack civilian targets but to focus on the occupation troops. His call seems to have been ignored, or swept away in the increasing tensions of Iraq under occupation.
United States.
In late 2006 or early 2007, in what journalist Seymour Hersh called "The Redirection", the United States changed its policy in the Muslim world, shifting its support from the Shia to the Sunni, with the goal of "containing" Iran and as a by-product bolstering Sunni extremist groups. Richard Engel, who is an NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent, wrote an article in late 2011 alleging that the United States Government is pro-Sunni and anti-Shia. During the Iraq War, the United States feared that a Shiite-led, Iran-friendly Iraq could have major consequences for American national security. However, nothing can be done about this as Iraq's Shiite government were democratically elected. Shadi Bushra of Stanford University wrote that the United States’ support of the Sunni monarchy during the Bahraini uprising is the latest in a long history of US support to keep the Shiites in check. The United States fears that Shiite rule in the Gulf will lead to anti-US and anti-Western sentiment as well as Iranian influence in the Arab majority states.
One analyst told CNN that the US strategy on putting pressure on Iran by arming its Sunni neighbors is not a new strategy for the United States. "Remember what President Bush tried to do was kind of create a Sunni axis against the Shi’a Iran, by arming our Sunni allies, our so-called moderate Sunni allies...I’m not exactly sure if that’s the best idea going forward, because as you know, this is not the Middle East that we were dealing with during the Bush administration. We no longer have just a handful of dictators that we can tell what to do."
Efforts to foster Sunni–Shia unity.
In a special interview broadcast on Al Jazeera on February 14, 2007, former Iranian president and chairman of the Expediency Discernment Council of Iran, Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and highly influential Sunni scholar Yusuf Al-Qaradawi, "stressed the impermissibility of the fighting between the Sunnis and the Shi’is" and the need to "be aware of the conspiracies of the forces of hegemony and Zionism which aim to weaken and tear it apart in Iraq." 
Even on this occasion there were differences, with Rafsanjani openly asking "more than once who started" the inter-Muslim killing in Iraq, and Al-Qaradawi denying claims by Rafsanjani that he knew where "those arriving to Iraq to blow Shi’i shrines up are coming from".
Saudi-Iran summit.
In a milestone for the two countries' relations, on March 3, 2007 King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad held an extraordinary summit meeting. They displayed mutual warmth with hugs and smiles for cameras and
promised "a thaw in relations between the two regional powers but stopped short of agreeing on any concrete plans to tackle the escalating sectarian and political crises throughout the Middle East."
On his return to Tehran, Ahmadinejad declared that:
Saudi officials had no comment about Ahmadinejad's statements, but the Saudi official government news agency did say:
Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud bin Faisal bin Abdul-Aziz said:

</doc>
<doc id="9761051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761051" title="USS Pensacola (LSD-38)">
USS Pensacola (LSD-38)

USS "Pensacola" (LSD-38) was a of the United States Navy. She was the fourth Navy ship to be named for the naval town of Pensacola, Florida. She was built at General Dynamics Quincy Shipbuilding Division in Quincy, Massachusetts and commissioned in 1971.
In early 1995, the Commanding Officer of USS "Pensacola" was relieved because the preceding November, the ship had run aground off the East Coast. In 1995, while cruising in the Mediterranean, the ship suffered a major fuel leak, causing the ship to go to General Quarters. The fuel leak was repaired, and no one was injured. In 1996, USS "Pensacola" ran aground once again while en route to Newport, Rhode Island. "Pensacola" was finally decommissioned in 1999, transferred to the Republic of China and redesignated ROCS "Hsu Hai" (LSD-193).

</doc>
<doc id="9761065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761065" title="Gertle's Bake Shop">
Gertle's Bake Shop

Gertel's Bakery was a kosher bake shop on New York's Lower East Side. Located at 53 Hester Street, Gertel's Bakery operated from 1914 until it closed the retail store on June 21, 2007. It merged with Delancey Bakery and its successor operates as Gertel's Uptown, 101 Steuben Street, Brooklyn, NY, providing wholesale business only.

</doc>
<doc id="9761066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761066" title="Jay Lee">
Jay Lee

Jay Lee was a British National Party (BNP) member, who fought a legal battle after being expelled from a trade union.
Lee, a driver for Virgin Trains, stood as a BNP candidate in the 2002 local elections in Bexley and was subsequently expelled from the train drivers' union ASLEF for BNP membership. In May 2003, an Employment Tribunal ruled that Lee had been wrongly expelled from the union, finding ASLEF had breached section 174 of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act.
On 24 January 2004, the decision was overturned by an Employment Appeal Tribunal, which referred the case back to a new tribunal. On 7 October 2004, the new tribunal ruled in Lee's favour, awarding him at least £5,000. Lee also sued for libel after he was described as a racist, seeking aggravated damages from two senior trade unionists and two journalists. In January 2006, ASLEF paid £30,000 in an out-of-court settlement to cover Lee's legal costs in the libel case, but Lee did not receive any personal damages.
ASLEF subsequently took the UK Government to the European Court of Human Rights, claiming that UK law was in breach of Article 11 (freedom of assembly and association) of the European Convention on Human Rights. On 27 February 2007, the Court unanimously upheld ASLEF's claim that there had been a violation of the Convention and that ASLEF was entitled to expel Lee from the union.
Lee was represented at the Employment Tribunal by Lee Barnes (the BNP "legal officer") and in the libel case by Adrian Davies.
Jay Lee left the BNP in 2010 due to disagreements with the Nick Griffin leadership. He had been a member for 18 years in total.
Elections contested.
UK Parliament
European Parliament elections

</doc>
<doc id="9761080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761080" title="Rakahanga-Manihiki language">
Rakahanga-Manihiki language

Rakahanga-Manihiki is a Cook Islands Maori dialectal variant belonging to the Polynesian languages family, spoken by about 2500 people on Rakahanga and Manihiki Islands (part of the Cook Islands) and another 2500 in other countries, mostly New Zealand and Australia. Wurm and Hattori consider Rakahanga-Manihiki as a distinct language with ""limited intelligibility with Rarotongan"" (i.e. the Cook Islands Maori dialectal variant of Rarotonga). According to the New Zealand Maori anthropologist Te Rangi Hīroa who spent few days on Rakahanga in the years 1920, ""the language is a pleasing dialect and has closer affinities with Zealand Maori than with the dialects of Tongareva, Tahiti, and the Cook Islands""

</doc>
<doc id="9761098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761098" title="1569 in poetry">
1569 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9761103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761103" title="Jonathan Arons">
Jonathan Arons

Jonathan Arons is a New York City based freelance trombonist, actor, singer, and dancer who has made a number of appearances on television, most notably for his "trombone dance" in which he plays his trombone and then dances energetically (whilst still holding his trombone).
He had graduated from Oberlin Conservatory with a BM in Jazz Performance, and has a degree in Biochemistry from Oberlin College.
He is a first degree black belt in shotokan karate.
He plays on the Dave Holland Big Band Grammy winning album "Overtime".
Television.
His North American television appearances include "The Tonight Show", "Today Show Weekend", "Steve Harvey's Big Time Challenge" (a popular YouTube clip) and in the UK he has appeared on "When Will I Be Famous?" on the BBC in show 2 as the third act of its Side Show section, and on the BBC show "The Slammer".

</doc>
<doc id="9761137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761137" title="1570 in poetry">
1570 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9761149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761149" title="1571 in poetry">
1571 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9761167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761167" title="2006 Food City 500">
2006 Food City 500

The 2006 Food City 500 was the fifth race in the 2006 NASCAR Nextel Cup Seriesseason and was held at Bristol Motor Speedway on March 26, 2006.
Race recap.
Qualifying was cancelled on March 24 due to snow, sleet and rain, and the field was set with top 35 owners points from 2005, the Champion's Provisional (for Terry Labonte) and seven others, based on qualifying attempts in 2006. As a result, 2005 champion Tony Stewart sat on pole.
The race featured 18 cautions, and over 100 of the 500 laps were run under the yellow flag. Points leader Jimmie Johnson made contact with the car of Reed Sorenson which caused a flat tire and put the 48 car multiple laps down. He finished 30th. Lap 188 saw the most notable wreck of the first half of the race, as Clint Bowyer spun Dave Blaney, causing a chain reaction that collected David Stremme, Brian Vickers and Michael Waltrip and brought out a red flag to clean up.
Jeff Gordon spun Martin Truex Jr. out on lap 415 in an incident that collected Jeff Burton, Robby Gordon and J. J. Yeley. Kurt Busch, who had made up two laps lost earlier in the day due to tire problems, used the "bump-and-run" to nudge Matt Kenseth out of the lead with four laps to go. Jeff Gordon used the same tactic to take third, but on the final lap, Kenseth used the bump and run to spin Gordon out as Busch raced to victory. Gordon finished 21st and was involved in a shoving match with Kenseth on pit road after the race, for which he was put on probation and fined $10,000 by NASCAR.
Besides the Jeff Gordon and Matt Kenseth feud, there also was bitter rivalry shown between winner Kurt Busch and Kevin Harvick following contact the previous week at Atlanta. In the pre-race ceremonies, driving meeting and interviews, Kevin Harvick spent his time taunting Kurt Busch for no good reason. Kurt ignored his insults and dismissed reporters. Kevin had been complaining about Kurt all of the week and once retorted that Roger Penske (Kurt's boss) would make a fool of himself in hiring Busch. NASCAR warned the two that if they got into a feud onto the track they would be penalized. Kurt Busch later won the race and Kevin Harvick ended up in second place. When interviewed Kevin was not finished and said "I am glad for my second place spot but seeing Kurt up there is terrible. I hate to see him win. He is a big whiner."
The win was Busch's fifth in 11 career races at the Tennessee track and the fifteenth in his career. It was Dodge's first win at Bristol since Richard Petty in 1975.
Race results.
Failed to make field: Chad Chaffin (#34), Mike Skinner (#37), Mike Garvey (#51), Derrike Cope (#74), Kenny Wallace (#78), Morgan Shepherd (#89), Chad Blount (#92).

</doc>
<doc id="9761184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761184" title="1996–97 DFB-Pokal">
1996–97 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1996–97 was the 54th season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 9 August 1996 and ended on 16 June 1997. In the final VfB Stuttgart defeated third tier Energie Cottbus 2–0 thereby claiming their third title.

</doc>
<doc id="9761205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761205" title="1573 in poetry">
1573 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761223" title="1574 in poetry">
1574 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761234" title="1575 in poetry">
1575 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or French).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9761281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761281" title="1576 in poetry">
1576 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761282" title="Will Maslow">
Will Maslow

Will Maslow (September 27, 1907 – February 23, 2007) was an American lawyer and civil rights leader who fought for full equality in a free society for Jews, blacks, and other minorities at positions he held in government and as an executive of the American Jewish Congress.
History.
Born in Kiev, Russian Empire, Maslow came to the United States with his parents Raeesa and Saul Maslow (family name Masliankin) in 1911, and was raised primarily in Brooklyn, N.Y. After graduating from Boys High School Brooklyn, he won a state tuition scholarship to Cornell University, where he was a senior associate editor of the student paper, "The Cornell Daily Sun", revived the Liberal Club, and, in 1929, graduated with an A.B. degree. Will Maslow and his cousin Abraham Maslow, who later became a pioneer in humanist psychology, were close friends at Boys High School.
Maslow received a law degree from Columbia University Law School in 1931. From 1931 to 1933, he worked part-time as a reporter for "The New York Times," and was associated with the private law practice of Arthur Garfield Hays—who, at the time and for 29 years, was also the storied general counsel of the American Civil Liberties Union. Maslow then joined the New York City Department of Investigation as an associate counsel under commissioner Paul Blanshard in Mayor La Guardia's first administration. In 1937 he joined the National Labor Relations Board as a Trial Attorney in New York City and, in 1941, as an Administrative Law Judge based in Washington, D.C. In 1943 he was named Director of Field Operations for the President's Committee on Fair Employment Practice (FEPC), the agency responsible for investigating and resolving employment discrimination in wartime and government procurement contracts, and he served in that position until 1945. 
In August 1945, Maslow returned to New York to become General Counsel of the American Jewish Congress, and Director of the American Jewish Congress's newly established Commission on Law and Social Action. He was Executive Director of AJCongress from 1960 until 1972. He continued to serve as general counsel of the agency until he retired in 1984. In retirement, he continued writing briefs and papers as a volunteer through the late 1990s. 
Under his counsel and leadership, AJCongress was often in the courts challenging discrimination and advocating civil rights.
Maslow created the AJCongress' Commission on Law and Social Action and with it, filed a discrimination suit against Columbia University, demanding that it change its discriminatory admissions quotas. He also filed a suite against Stuyvesant Town Housing Co. because of its racial policies against black tenants.
In 1947, he fought for strict adherence to the Ives-Quinn Law which forbade discrimination in employment, charging that job agencies were disregarding this law en masse, 88% in fact 
He negotiated with Gertz, a department store in Jamaica, Queens, to hire blacks for the first time. "The negroes' fight against discrimination in employment, housing, education is part of the struggle for Jews for equality of opportunity in those fields." 
Maslow helped organize Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s 1968 civil rights march on Washington, D.C. and the Little Rock school discrimination case in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="9761294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761294" title="Dean Garcia">
Dean Garcia

Dean Garcia (born 5 May 1958) is a British multi-instrumentalist musician, best known as a member of the alternative rock duo Curve from 1990 to 2005. He also released solo work and collaborated with many other artists.
Biography.
Garcia, half Hawaiian and half Irish, had played in some small bands when he auditioned for Eurythmics. He had played bass guitar as part of Eurythmics' live band in 1983–84 and on two of their studio albums, "Touch" and "Be Yourself Tonight".
Dean Garcia and Toni Halliday were introduced to each other by David A. Stewart from Eurythmics. The pair formed an ill-fated group named State of Play in the mid-1980s before parting ways, embarking on a no less ill-fated solo career (Halliday) and further stints as a backing musician (Garcia), and then reuniting for a more long-term partnership in Curve. Garcia and Halliday collaborated in Curve between 1990 and 2005. The group's career was interrupted by several periods of inactivity. Garcia played bass, guitar, drums for Curve, while Halliday sang, wrote the lyrics and occasionally played guitar.
Outside Curve, Garcia has collaborated with other artists like Eurythmics, Sinéad O'Connor, and Tom Petty, as a session and touring musician. He released "solo" material ("Mushiness" in 1999 and "Crosseyedrabbit" in 2003) under the guise of Headcase while still a member of Curve.
Dean Garcia is currently a member of the band SPC ECO with his daughter Rose Berlin and Joey Levenson (2007–present). In February 2009, SPC ECO released their first album, "3-D", through their website and via Collide's label Noiseplus Music. "3-D" was followed by the albums "You Tell Me" in 2011 and "Dark Notes" in 2012.
Garcia is also member of the bands The Black Holes (with Jo Neale; 2007–present), The Chronologic (2006–present), Inkraktare (with Mark Wallbridge aka Vasko The Pig; 2009–present), The Secret Meeting (with kaRIN and Statik of Collide; 2007–present), KGC (with Sascha Konietzko and Lucia Cifarelli of KMFDM; 2006–present) and Morpheme (2010–present).
Garcia's newest project Morpheme is a collaboration with Perry Pelonero (Clenched Fist, Skylight, Bliss City East), and Kim Welsh (Skylight, Bliss City East). On 8 December 2010, Morpheme released their first track, "Infection" and on 5 May 2011, they released their second track, "Stratosphere" on their debut single "Infection".
Dean Garcia has also released a solo album on 1 January 2011, entitled "How Do You Feel?", with special guests Vasko the Pig, Todd Astromass and Jeff Beck. In June 2011, Garcia signed with XD Records.
Equipment.
A detailed gear diagram of Dean Garcia's 2002 Curve bass rig is well-documented.
Personal life.
He has two children; Rose Berlin, vocalist of Garcia's band, SPC ECO and Harry Kite Garcia.

</doc>
<doc id="9761295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761295" title="1577 in poetry">
1577 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761308" title="1578 in poetry">
1578 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761310" title="Cardinia">
Cardinia

Cardinia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9761329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761329" title="CherryTemplate">
CherryTemplate

CherryTemplate is an open source templating language developed for CherryPy framework using the Python programming language. CherryTemplate is a simple yet relatively powerful templating language. It has a small instruction set. The templates made with CherryTemplate are not WYSIWYG-type-templates and they can't be edited with an HTML editor, however the code can be easily manipulated with any text editor such as Wordpad, Scite, etc.
Example:
Screen Output:

</doc>
<doc id="9761336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761336" title="1579 in poetry">
1579 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761340" title="Ruth Batson">
Ruth Batson

Ruth M. Batson (1921 in Roxbury, Massachusetts - October 28, 2003 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American civil rights and education activist.
Batson's career began with the NAACP Boston Branch. While representing the NAACP in local, regional and national capacities, her most renowned accomplishment occurred in the early 1960s when she led the challenge to the Boston Public School system for educational equality for African American students in Boston.
She had charged school administrators and the School Committee with ignoring "a basic American concept that equal opportunity should be available to all people regardless of race, color, or creed."
Batson attended Boston University (Master of Education degree) and Northeastern University. She retired as a tenured professor of psychiatry at Boston University School of Medicine Division of Psychiatry, after more than ten years.
She was a member of the board of visitors of Boston University’s School of Medicine; trustees, Boston City Hospital; member, Corporation of the Massachusetts General Hospital and former member of its board of trustees; and board member of Roxbury Community College Foundation.
She was the author of " (1638-1975)", a comprehensive chronology documenting the heroic efforts and contributions of African American parents to educational history in Boston. Northeastern University published the manuscript of nearly 900 pages in October, 2001.
She was the first black woman on the Democratic National Committee and the first woman elected president of NAACP’s New England Regional Conference, a role in which she served from 1957 to 1960.
After serving as chairwoman of the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination from 1963 to 1966, she helped launched the METCO (Metropolitan Council for Educational Opportunity) voluntary desegregation program. As associate director then director, she helped guide METCO’s growth from transporting 225 black urban youngsters to sever suburbs to 1,125 children to 28 communities. She stepped down in 1969.
She was the founder in 1969 of the Ruth M. Batson Educational Foundation which provided grants to African American college students for tuition and emergency needs. The Batson Foundation also awards grants to educational institutions and community organizations whose program objectives reflect the philosophy of the Batson Foundation. In its 34 years of giving, the Batson Foundation has awarded over US$1,200,000 in grants.
More recently Batson had directed the revitalized Museum of African American History on Beacon Hill, stepping down in 1990.
She leaves three grandsons and three daughters, Cassandra Way of Boston, Dorothy Owusu of Alexandria, Virginia, and acting coach Susan Batson of New York City.
Her financial support for medical students at Boston University School of Medicine, the school, under the leadership of Dr. Aram Chobanian, established the Ruth Batson Scholarship in 1997. Since that time the school has awarded more than US$500,000 in scholarships to 40 Boston University Minority Medical Students, including four MD/PhD students. Each year Ms. Batson visited the medical center to have lunch with the Batson Scholars, hear their life’s stories and share her experiences, especially with the health care system in America.

</doc>
<doc id="9761345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761345" title="Broadmeadows Valley Trail">
Broadmeadows Valley Trail

__NOTOC__
The Broadmeadows Valley Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the outer northern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
While in Craigieburn consider a side trip to Mount Ridley or a return trip via the Craigieburn Bypass Trail.
Following the Path.
The north end of the trail is most readily accessed from Craigieburn railway station. The trail starts at the intersection of Stockton Street and Aitken Creek close to the station.
Follow Aitken Creek for 1.8 km until you reach the back entrance gate of the Craigieburn Public Golf course. Rather than continuing through the golf course along Aitken Creek, proceed in a southerly direction via Axminster Drv. It soon forms a path made out of the ends of a series of cull de sacs. About a 1 km from Aitken Creek a small wetland appears. Follow the trail here until a large solitary palm comes into view. Head for the palm, then continue along a short goat track on its far side, that crosses a narrow easement. Pick up the path on the other side of the easement.
Now in Roxburgh Park, the path winds round some streets and crosses an open section and then runs between some contemporary terrace like houses. It breaks into an open park area, where the path forms a figure of eight. At the south end of the park, it passes through a distinct line of trees running west east and crosses a large power transmission line easement. While possible, do not go east at this point. Continue in a southerly direction.
From here the path runs for another 8 km through a section that is easy to navigate and arrives at Barry Rd in Westmeadows. Passing by a couple of ovals on the left, the path reaches a footbridge about 0.4 km from Barry Rd. Cross the bridge and arrive at the Moonee Ponds Creek Trail.
Connections.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761350" title="Bushy Creek Trail">
Bushy Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Bushy Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the inner eastern suburb of Box Hill North in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail has some short road sections including an unshared path along Springfield Road.
Following the path.
The trail starts from the Koonung Creek Trail. Look for the signpost just east of the Koonung Creek Wetlands area and the spectacular red freeway bridge. The first part of the trail is gravel and follows the Bushy Creek channel to a playground near Belmore Road. Branch off here for the Gawler Chain Trail (see Connections). The Bushy Creek Trail continues to the left past the Box Hill Miniature Steam Railway. Cross Elgar Road at the lights at the end of Belmore Road and head through the church car park opposite, through the opening in the wooden rail fence (see photo). The path is bitumen from here on. The trail follows an easement crossing several roads. There are two unclear forks in the path - keep right at each. Pedestrian lights at Station Street help with this busy road. Look for the wooden bus shelter on the eastern side of Station Street that marks the site of the first Electric Tram Depot (1889 - 1896). At Dorking Road, the bushy area ends. The trail continues along Springfield Road as segregated pedestrian and bike paths on the nature strip nearly to Middleborough Road where the trail ends. 
Connections.
The start of the Gawler Chain Trail is near the Belmore Road playground. Cross Belmore Road and proceed up Box Hill Crescent behind Koonung Secondary College. Turn right at the second street - Arnott Street - and 150 metres up, the trail starts in a small park on the left on a street corner.
At the end of the trail, head north down Middleborough Rd for 1.4 km to rejoin the Koonung Creek Trail.
West end at . East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761361" title="Darebin Creek Trail">
Darebin Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Darebin Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians which follows Darebin Creek in the inner and outer northern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The path consists of an 8 km section north of the Western Ring Road and a 17 km section south of the Western Ring Road. The two sections are separated by a 0.85 km section of path along the Western Ring Road Trail.
Bicycle Victoria announced on 7 August 2009 on its web site that the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal (VCAT) had approved the issuing of permits for the Lower Darebin Trail and associated bridge over the Yarra. Work on the Lower Darebin trail is expected to start late in 2010, and to be completed several years later. 28 October 2009
City of Darebin has been awarded $96,500 from the Federal Government towards the construction of a shared path from the Darebin Creek Trail to Bundoora Park in Bundoora. As of May 2012 no result has occurred from these initiatives.
Following the path.
The northern section starts on the very edge of Melbourne surburbia next to open countryside. Travelling south through remnant vegetation and 2.2 km later, one arrives at Hendersons Rd. Epping station is 500m to the west along Hendersons Rd and the station is soon followed by Epping Plaza.
The path arrives at Childs Road, 1.3 km further along, having crossed a small footbridge earlier. Cross the Childs Road bridge to the east. The Hendersons Road Drain Trail is on the left (north) and the Darebin Creek Trail continues on the right (south), on the other side of Childs Road.
900m later the path forks to the left and right. Take the path towards the footbridge but do not cross it - continue straight ahead. After 2 km, McKimmies Road is approached. The path does not proceed under the road. Go across the McKimmies Rd bridge and also cross McKimmies Road itself. After another 1.5 km the path intersects the Western Ring Road Trail. A small wetland nearby harbours the Growling Grass Frog.
Travel 850m east along the Western Ring Road Trail to where the Darebin Creek Trail continues to the south on its west bank. The creek name is signed for road users but not for trail users.
Leaving the Western Ring Road Trail the southern section starts by descending to the creek and tracking along the west bank of the creek. After crossing McCleans Road, the path splits in two, as it enters a Norris Bank Reserve. Either path can be taken as they rejoin at the far end of the reserve at Settlement Road.
On the south side of Settlement Road the path continues on the west side of the creek until it reaches the eastern end of Rathcown Rd, by the sheep. Continue down Rathcown Rd and turn left into Chenies Street. The path resumes 200m on the right by following the creek again. At Dunne Street and Plenty Rd, change sides of the creek. An unsigned path looms up on the left, that leads to the Bundoora campus of La Trobe University and is surveyed by a lone park bench.
800m later cross the footbridge to the east bank of the creek. The trail continues south past another footbridge on the right (west) that leads to Northland Shopping Centre. Do not cross the bridge, just continue onwards.
One km later the bitumen trail meets a crossing with a concrete trail. Turn right (west) onto the concrete trail and head downhill. Going straight ahead on the bitumen trail leads to the Austin Hospital helipad (Heidelberg Repatriation Hospital) near Bell Street.
Three km later the trail meets the north end of Ford Grove. Continue to the south end of Ford Grove where the trail continues. After another 500m the trail forks at a wooden boardwalk section: To the left (east) it crosses a footbridge. Take the right path and continue straight ahead towards Smith Street. The trail passes under the large and high steel bridge that carries the Hurstbridge railway line, and then under the bluestone and concrete Darebin Creek Bridge (Heidelberg Road), before finishing at Sparks Reserve.
Epping to South Morang rail extension.
The extension of the rail line from Epping to South Morang intersects the Darebin Creek Trail in the vicinity of Sunrise Crt and Maywood Drv, the Hendersons Road Drain Trail near Maywood Drv and the route to the City Of Whittlesea's Mill Park Leisure Centre in Morang Drv.
Connections.
Dead end in the north at Porsche Crt. Intersects the Hendersons Road Drain Trail in Mill Park at Childs Rd and the Western Ring Road Trail in Bundoora.
From Sparks Reserve, bicycle riders can access the Main Yarra Trail by heading east along The Boulevard (Ivanhoe East). After approximately one kilometre, and just past Ivanhoe Grammar School, turn right down the steep access road to Wilson's Reserve. Travelling east, the heavily tree-shaded and mostly unpaved trail passes Chelsworth Park, Ivanhoe Public Golf Course and Eaglemont Tennis Club before joining the Main Yarra Trail at a bridge crossing the Yarra River, just west of where Burke Road crosses the Eastern Freeway. The Main Yarra Trail also joins the Koonung Creek Trail at this point.
Alternatively, from Sparks Reserve, riders can access the Main Yarra Trail by travelling west using Heidelberg Road, turning left at Chandler Highway (just past the soon-to-be decommissioned Amcor Paper Mill) to join the Main Yarra Trail at the east end of the Yarra Boulevard. The vehicle traffic on both Heidelberg Road and Chandler Highway is frequently heavy, and Heidelberg Road's on-road bicycle lane is not continuous and often narrow.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761370" title="List of ship commissionings in 1991">
List of ship commissionings in 1991

The list of ship commissionings in 1991 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1991.
__NOTOC__
<br style="clear:both;">

</doc>
<doc id="9761404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761404" title="Ferndale Park Trail">
Ferndale Park Trail

__NOTOC__
The Ferndale Park Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the suburb of Glen Iris, an inner eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.
It's useful as it provides a shortcut between Gardiners Creek Trail and Anniversary Trail. These two paths converge 2.5 km further to the south, so it can cut 2.6km off a circuit utilising the Gardiners Creek Trail and the Anniversary Trail.
Following the Path.
The path effectively follows the route of the old Ashburton Creek, which is now completely barrel drained. The path meets Gardiners Creek Trail at Nettleton Park Reserve near a footbridge over the creek. Following the path is straight forward except at the west side of Glen Iris Rd where it splits in two. Take the south path, cross Glen Iris Rd and continue on the south side of Ferndale Park by the oval and toilet block. Continuing to the east, the trail meets the Alamein railway line 0.4km north of Ashburton Station. The Anniversary Trail runs north south, parallel to the railway line.
Connections.
Connects to the Gardiners Creek Trail in the west and the Anniversary Trail in the east.
West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761425" title="Ferny Creek Trail">
Ferny Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Ferny Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Ferny and Corhanwarrabul Creeks through the suburbs of Knoxfield and Ferntree Gully in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Bicycle Victoria is campaigning for a connection between the Dandenong Creek Trail and the western end of the Ferny Creek Trail at Stud Road. The path would have to be extended along Corhanwarrabul Creek beside the Caribbean Gardens. The connection is also as proposed by Parks Victoria and support for the project is ALP policy. An underpass would have to be built as part of the EastLink project.
Ferny and Monbulk creeks combine to become the Corhanwarrabul Creek, 1.2 km east of Stud Road.
Following the path.
The Belgrave Rail Trail runs beside Kings Park along Forest Oak Drive south west of and close to Upper Ferntree Gully Station. Forest Oak Drive turns to the east with a 90 degree bend, at the north end of the park. At the bend go straight ahead for the Ferny Creek trail and for the Belgrave Rail Trail turn to the right and head for the pedestrian lights at Burwood Highway.
Within 100m the trail starts to run parallel to Acacia Road. After the far end of Acacia Road, the trail is straightforward. About 4.7km from the start is an intersection with a rough track that quickly leads to Scoresby Road. The point is marked by one of the many pieces of art dedicated to Hubert Opperman, that are found in the City of Knox. See also the Oppy Family Fun Ride.
Another 2.1 km and the trail reaches Stud Road after a nice run in pleasant surroundings.
Turn right (north) and continue on the Stud Road path to Ferntree Gully Road. At Ferntree Gully Road, using the path on the north side of the road, head west to arrive at the EastLink Trail.
Connections.
West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761432" title="2B14 Podnos">
2B14 Podnos

The 2B14 Podnos ("2Б14 "Поднос"") is a Soviet 82mm mortar. The 2B14 was designed in early 1980s as a light indirect fire weapon for the use of airborne and other light infantry forces. Despite the intent to field the 2B14 with light infantry units, the 2B14 appears to have been fielded with regular motor rifle units as well at a scale of six per battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="9761458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761458" title="The Public Historian">
The Public Historian

The Public Historian is the official publication of the National Council on Public History. It is a quarterly journal published by University of California Press, in Berkeley, California. First published in 1978, "The Public Historian" publishes the results of scholarly research and case studies in such areas as: public policy and policy analysis; federal, state, and local history; historic preservation; oral history; museum and historical administration; documentation and information services, corporate biography; and public history education. The ISSN is 0272-3433.

</doc>
<doc id="9761460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761460" title="Craigieburn Bypass Trail">
Craigieburn Bypass Trail

__NOTOC__
The Craigieburn Bypass Trail (formally known as the Galada Tamboore Pathway), is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the outer northern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. In 2008 it was given the local name of the Galada Tamboore Pathway - Wurundjeri for "creek waterhole" or "stream waterhole" - as it goes past the Craigieburn, Cooper street and Galada Tamboore grasslands which are all nationally significant for their plains grassland and riparian habitat for endangered and vulnerable native fauna and flora, including the critically endangered Golden Sun Moth.
While in Craigieburn consider a side trip to Mount Ridley or a return trip via the Broadmeadows Valley Trail.
Following the path.
The north end of the trail starts at the intersection of Grand Blvd and the Hume Highway. If starting from Craigieburn railway station, it would be more convenient to access the trail via Craigieburn Road.
The path has some interesting features including the Northern lights and the Barry Road (Whittlesea Gardens) footbridge - see the Craigieburn Bypass.
The trail finally makes a sharp turn to the east and meets up with the Western Ring Road Trail near a footbridge over the Western Ring Road. If going east on the Western Ring Road Trail just continue onwards. If heading west along the Western Ring Road Trail cross the footbridge to the southern side of the highway.
Whittlesea Gardens Footbridge
A rust red coloured footbridge at the Whittlesea Gardens in Lalor provides views of the Hume Freeway with the Melbourne CBD skyline on the horizon. The footbridge leads into an unsealed track through the Galada Tamboore grasslands and over Merri Creek. The track becomes sealed on the east side of the bridge to Merri Concourse and follows the Creek south along the west bank as far as Somerset Road, Campbellfield with sweeping views across the creek valley to the Galada Tamboore grasslands and the Hume Freeway on the horizon.
Connections.
The electrified railway service to Craigieburn station was opened on 30 September 2007 together with a new station at Roxburgh Park at Somerton Road - Roxburgh Park railway station. The Craigieburn service was previously by Sprinter Railcars.
North end at 
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761465" title="White Marsh Volunteer Fire Company">
White Marsh Volunteer Fire Company

White Marsh Volunteer Fire Company is a volunteer fire department in the town of White Marsh, Maryland.
History.
WMVFC was founded in January 1943 as the Cowenton Volunteer Fire Company, as a World War II Civil Defense Unit. When the United States entered the war in December 1941, it was recognized that incendiary enemy bombing, particularly of the east coast communities was a distinct possibility. It was also realized that existing fire defenses of that time would be overwhelmed by such a situation. The answer was the Civil Defense Trailer Pump that had worked so well in England during the Nazi Air Raids of 1940. These units were supplied by the Federal Government to communities large and small along coastal areas.
The Civil Defense pumper consisted of an industrial gasoline engine of about 100 horsepower with a per minute centrifugal pump, all mounted on a trailer suitable for towing by car or light truck. The unit carried two lengths of hard suction, had an exhaust primer and space for about of 2½ inch hose. It was designed for the most basic form of exterior firefighting.
With such a piece of apparatus, seven men and seven women began serving their community in the embryonic form of what would ultimately become the Cowenton Volunteer Fire Company. The unit was stored at Gambrill's Coal and Lumber Yard. Rudimentary training sessions were held and competitions with other nearby Civil Defense units were conducted. Fundraisers were organized and when the receipts were inadequate to meet the needs, members dug into their own pockets to make up the difference.
Although potential fire bombs never materialized, the Civil Defense trailer saw use during the years in the day-to-day protection of the community from fires of other causes. After all, the nearest regular fire companies were in Essex and Fullerton, and anything closer was an improvement.
It became apparent by the beginning of 1945 that the war would be over in the near future. With the need for local fire protection that was demonstrated by the use of the Civil Defense trailer, it was decided to move forward to something more self-contained and possibly with provisions for an apparatus water tank. Plans and fundraisers were devoted to this goal. Thus, in 1945 a used 1934 Ford school bus chassis was purchased and converted into Cowenton's first "fire engine". In addition to the Civil Defense pump, there was also a water tank of now unknown capacity and other firefighting equipment. The unit was housed in the barn of Mrs. Jane Bickel. On July 16, 1945 the Cowenton Volunteer Fire Company was incorporated. The first Board of Directors meeting was held on August 13, 1945, and the first company meeting immediately thereafter. The seven "founding fathers" were Clinton DeBaugh Sr., Clinton DeBaugh Jr, Charles "Chalkie" Elste, LeRoy "Bill" Eurice, David "Bud" Foley, John P. Foley, and George Williams.
1946 saw the arrival of the company’s first commercial pumper, a six cylinder Dodge chassis carrying a Hale 500 GPM two-stage pump, a tank of about capacity and a standard hose bed. In 1947, a sheet metal building was erected to the right of Jane Bickel's home to house both the Ford and the Dodge engines.
1947 also saw the organization of the Ladies Auxiliary. Over the next 35 years, this group of women became a valuable assistance in fire company progress, serving fire ground refreshments, assisting the men in their fundraising efforts and conducting their own activities to raise money, all for the general good of the company. In addition to their active assistance, each year the fire company was given a check, the amount depending on the success of the auxiliary fundraising events. However, the admission of women to full company membership in 1972 was the death-knell for the auxiliary. They managed to hang on for another decade until October 25, 1982 when they gave the Fire Company a check for $1,000 and put the remainder of their finances into the Bessie Marshall Fund and disbanded.
1950 saw further progress, building on land donated by Mr.William E. Carroll and Mr. Fred Gambrill and work was begun on the older part of our present day fire station. This same year saw Cowenton begin community ambulance service using a 1940 unit donated by the Bird River Improvement Association.
On October 1, 2003 the membership of the Cowenton Volunteer Fire Company voted to formally change its name to the White Marsh Volunteer Fire Company in order to reflect the growing geographic location that the company serves.
From this humble beginning, White Marsh Volunteer Fire Company has grown over the years to a company with a modern KME 1250 GPM pumper, a aerial tower, a fully equipped Advanced Life Support medical transport unit, an off-road brush truck, and a utility vehicle, all housed in a modern drive through three bay station. None of this would have been possible without the continuous and long time support of the community of White Marsh, both business and residential.
Fire Apparatus.
Engine 202- 2008 KME 1250 gpm hale pump. 1000 gallon, poly tank. 8 person cab equipped with hydraulic rescue tools.
Medic 203-2008 GMC 4500 Top Kick, Horton Box. Center mount stretcher, CPR seat and lowered patient step entrance.
Brush 204-2001 Dodge 4x4 2500 pickup.100 gallon booster tank
Utility 205-2004 GMC 2500 Crew Cab 4x4, utility body. Donated by Honeygo Run Reclamation Center.
Past Apparatus.
Tower 209
Engine 201-1990 KME 1250 GPM Hale pump. 1000 gallon, poly tank. 6 person cab.
BOTH T209 and E201 WERE SOLD TO THE KENT,CONNECTICUT FIRE DEPARTMENT IN 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9761470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761470" title="Ludu Daw Amar">
Ludu Daw Amar

"Ludu" Daw Amar (also Ludu Daw Ah Mar; , ; 29 November 1915 – 7 April 2008) was a well known and respected leading dissident writer and journalist in Mandalay, Burma. She was married to fellow writer and journalist Ludu U Hla and was the mother of popular writer Nyi Pu Lay. She is best known for her outspoken anti-government views and radical left wing journalism besides her outstanding work on traditional Burmese arts, theatre, dance and music, and several works of translation from English, both fiction and non-fiction.
Student writer and activist.
Born into an old established Mandalay family that traded in tobacco and manufactured cheroots, Amar was the fourth in a family of twelve, of whom only six survived to adulthood. She was educated at the American Baptist Mission School and subsequently the National High School under the headmaster Abdul Razak who later became the Education Minister in Aung San's cabinet and was assassinated with him and others in July 1947. She read science at the Mandalay Intermediate College and went on to Rangoon University for a Bachelor's degree. Her first notable work was a translation of "Trials in Burma" by Maurice Collis in 1938, and by that time she was already published in the university's "Owei" (, Peacock's Call) magazine, and also "Kyipwa Yay" (, Progress) magazine, run by her future husband U Hla, under her own name as well as the pen names Mya Myint Zu and Khin La Win. 
When the second university students strike in history broke out in 1936, Amar and her friend from Mandalay M.A. Ma Ohn became famous as women student leaders among the strikers camped out on the terraces of the Shwedagon Pagoda. U Hla was a staunch supporter of the strike and started courting Amar; in 1939 they got married and U Hla moved his magazine to Mandalay.
Wartime Kyipwa Yay.
The family fled to the countryside north of Mandalay when the Second World War broke out in the East in 1942, but the magazine continued to come out. Daw Amar translated one of the three wartime bestsellers of the Japanese soldier writer Hino Ashihei called "Wheat and Soldiers" (, "Gyon hnint sittha") and published it together with the other two translated by her husband. She also translated "The Rainbow" (, "Thettant yaung") by the Czechoslovak writer Wanda Wasilewska in 1945, printed on blue matchbox wrapping paper, the only kind of paper available at the time. Both husband and wife became involved in the Resistance movement against the Japanese Occupation, and formed the "Asha Lu Nge" (, Asia Youth) organisation in Mandalay. Her husband was arrested briefly by the military authorities after the recapture of the city by the British Fourteenth Army on account of the Hino Ashihei books.
Postwar Ludu.
At the end of the war in 1945 U Hla launched a fortnightly paper called the "Ludu Journal" () - Ludu is Burmese for 'the people/masses' - with Amar as his assistant editor. The "Ludu Daily" was successfully launched the following year and the couple subsequently came to be known as Ludu U Hla and Ludu Daw Amar. Their incisive political commentaries and analyses made a significant contribution to the country's yearning for independence and unified struggle against colonial rule. Their publications had never carried advertisements for alcohol, drugs to enhance sexual performance or gambling, nor racing tips, salacious affairs and gossip. U Hla had to be persuaded to make an exception of film advertisements for the survival of the paper.
One morning in 1948, soon after Burma gained her independence from Britain, however, the "Kyipwa Yay" Press in Mandalay was dynamited to rubble by government troops who were angry that the Ludu couple appeared to be sympathetic to the Communists. This was a time when regime change happened quite often with the city falling into the hands, in turn, of the Karen rebels, Communists and the new Socialist government under U Nu. The entire family, including two pregnant women, was thrown out into the street, lined up and was about to be gunned down when a number of monks and locals successfully intervened to save their lives. 
In 1953 Amar travelled abroad to the World Democratic Women's Conference in Copenhagen, World Peace Conference in Budapest, and 4th World Festival of Youth and Students in Bucharest. In October 1953 the Anti-Fascist People's Freedom League (AFPFL) government of U Nu imprisoned U Hla under Section 5 for sedition as a political prisoner after publishing a controversial news story in the paper and he spent over three years in Rangoon's Central Jail until his release in January 1957. They had five children by now, with the youngest Nyein Chan ( his given name means 'peace' in Burmese, pseudonym Nyi Pu Lay b. 1952) barely a toddler. In March 1959 the paper was sealed off by the authorities, and it did not come out again until May the next year. Amar travelled to Moscow in 1962 as an invited guest by Aeroflot Russian Airlines and visited East Germany, Czechoslovakia and China. U Hla and Daw Amar were well known to foreign students of Burmese as well as Burmese writers, journalists and artists; the younger generation of budding writers and artists called them 'U-Lay' (Uncle) and 'Daw Daw' (Aunty). Their home, "Ludu Taik" (Ludu House) on 84th. and 33rd, and always open to such visitors, was often their first port of call in Mandalay.
Military era.
The "Ludu Daily" was closed down by the military government on July 7, 1967. The paper had openly championed for peace and a socialist society, and came out very strongly in support of the peace parley in 1963 between the Revolutionary Council government of Ne Win and various insurgent groups, both Communist and ethnic, just as they had done before in the early years of the civil war in the 1950s. When the peace talks broke down, Amar's oldest son Soe Win (b. 1941), aged 22 and a student leader at Rangoon University, went underground with a few others to join the Communist Party of Burma. He was killed in a bloody purge in 1967 in the jungles of Bago Yoma mountains when the CPB carried out its own cultural revolution. The Ludu couple, true to Burmese Buddhist attitude to death, declined an invitation from the authorities to visit their first born's jungle grave. Their second son Po Than Gyaung (b. 1945) was also arrested for alleged clandestine student political activities at Mandalay University in July 1966, aged 21, and detained without charge or trial until May 1972. He spent part of his imprisonment in Mandalay Prison and later on Cocos Island Penal Colony in the Andaman Sea.
They were personally known to Ne Win from the early days, and the latter often called at their place whenever he visited Mandalay. They carried on with writing, researching, organising literary seminars, giving talks and publishing material other than domestic politics, and remained active in social and community affairs. In 1975 they accepted the government's invitation to give talks to university students from both Mandalay and Rangoon taking part in the reconstruction of the temples in Bagan damaged by the great earthquake of the same year. Amar was given the epithet 'tough by name, tough by nature' by some people ("amar" means 'tough/hardy' in Burmese).
Publications.
Daw Amar had written several books including biographies, travelogues, treatises on traditional Burmese culture, and numerous articles in various magazines, some of them autobiographical and many collected into books later.
Translated works from English include:
Magazine articles:
Famous dissident.
Daw Amar had been very outspoken against the military regime particularly in her later years. She was arrested together with her husband and their youngest son Nyein Chan in 1978, after her second son Po Than Gyaung went underground to join the Communist Party of Burma (current spokesman for the CPB) just like his late brother Soe Win before him in 1963. Daw Amar and Nyein Chan were not released for more than a year from prison until later in 1979 after U Hla had been released. Nyein Chan was re-arrested in December 1989 this time to spend nearly 10 years in prison. Po Than Gyaung, now living in exile in Yunnan, would never see his mother again.
U Hla died in 1982 after 43 years of marriage, five children and six grandchildren. The Ludu couple had been one of the best known husband-and-wife teams among the Burmese literati. Daw Amar suffered another loss when her printing plants and warehouses burnt down in the great fire of 1984 that wiped out the heart of Mandalay. Since she turned 70 in 1985, Daw Amar's birthday had been celebrated by the world of art and literature in Burma every year. The event had become an unofficial convention of dissidents under the watchful eyes of the ever present Military Intelligence Service, normally taking place at Taung Laylone Monastery by the shores of Taungthaman Lake in Amarapura near Mandalay until November 2006 when the venue had to be changed under pressure from the authorities. She remained active in public life and was instrumental in founding the "Byamazo Luhmuyay Athin" (Mutual Voluntary Aid Association) in 1998 engaged in helping poor families with the cost of healthcare and funeral arrangements. She had been called 'Mother of the People' and 'Grand Old Lady'. In a society where old age is revered, most people would address her as "Amei" (Mother) the same as she would refer to herself according to Burmese custom.
"For those of us who don't dance to the tune of the authorities, we must be creative in what we write to get our message across" she said confirming that there was no freedom of press in Burma.
She regretted that she had to give up journalism, and could only write about tradition and culture. In her articles collected later into "Mother's Words of Old", she bemoaned the loosening of social cohesion, morals, and traditional values in dress and manner which she blamed on economic disorder, consumerism and globalisation, and Chinese immigration. She once wrote that the Chinese had occupied Mandalay without firing a shot, and had dubbed the present "Lawpan" (boss in Chinese) era; she felt as if Mandalay was an undeclared colony of Yunnan Province. Daw Amar was a staunch defender of Burmese history, culture, religion and sovereignty embodied in her birthplace, the last royal capital of Burma, Mandalay - thus broadly nationalistic, religious and ethnocentric traditionalist in her perspective, and yet she had been in the forefront of modernising the written language, fostering mutual understanding and friendship between the dominant Bamar and the ethnic minorities in tandem with her husband, promoting sex education and public awareness of the HIV/AIDS problem, and voicing complaints regarding unpaid labour contributions of women in society.
Ludu Daw Amar died on 7 April 2008 at the age of 92. Her home was "Ludu Taik" in Mandalay with her second daughter Tin Win (b. 1947) in charge of the publishing business and her youngest son Nyein Chan (writer Nyi Pu Lay - b. 1952) and his family. Her oldest daughter Than Yin Mar (b. 1943), a retired professor of medicine who has also started writing assuming one of her mother's old noms de plume Mya Myint Zu, looked after her health. She was survived by her two sons, two daughters and six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9761471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761471" title="Greengully Trail">
Greengully Trail

__NOTOC__
The Greengully Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the inner eastern suburb of Templestowe in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
There is a 400 m road section at the most northerly end of Blackburn Rd.
Following the Path.
Starting at Serpells Rd and heading north it's mainly an easy run downhill. Just south of Reynolds Rd the path forks twice in a row. Take the second fork to the left. At Heidelberg Warrandyte Rd the path traverses round the side of a hill and arrives at a roundabout at the intersection of Heidelberg Warrandyte Rd and Blackburn Rd.
Back on the road, head north along Blackburn Rd, past the municipal depot on the right. Turn left (west) at Websters Rd. The Post Office depot is on the corner. Being confronted by the hugely steep hill rising up Websters Rd directly ahead, it is comforting to turn right (north), immediately after passing the far end of the Post Office depot, into the Tikalara Park entrance and rejoining the trail. 300 m down the trail the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail is encountered.
Connections.
Intersects with the lower Mullum Mullum Creek Trail in the north. Dead end in the south at Serpells Rd near Blackburn Rd. Travelling 2 km to the south west by road leads to the Ruffey Creek Trail.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761479" title="Cataract Falls">
Cataract Falls

Cataract Falls can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9761493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761493" title="1580 in poetry">
1580 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

</doc>
<doc id="9761550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761550" title="Hengerer's">
Hengerer's

The William Hengerer Company, known informally as Hengerer's was a Buffalo, New York-based department store chain, with stores exclusively located in the Western New York region.
History.
Founded in 1876 as Barnes and Bancroft and later Wm. Hengerer Co., the company was a founding member of the Associated Dry Goods Corporation in 1916. The Hengerer chain was merged into ADG's Sibley's name in 1981, with its flagship store at 465 Main Street in downtown Buffalo closing by 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="9761560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761560" title="Hallam Bypass Trail">
Hallam Bypass Trail

__NOTOC__
The Hallam Bypass Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians running along the Hallam Bypass between Doveton and Berwick in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail was completed in 2003.
Route.
To follow the Hallam Bypass Trail, leave the Dandenong Creek Trail just east of Dandenong central business district and travel down the signed route along McCrae Street, Box Street, Grevillia Street and Wattle Drive. Then enter and follow the reserves that span Eumemmerring Creek.
The trail proper passes under the South Gippsland Highway and runs parallel to the Hallam Bypass. At the Gunns Road Reserve the trail splits to the north and south. To continue on the trail follow the path to the south and cross the wooden boardwalk. The northern path leads uphill to a footbridge over the Hallam Bypass and connects into the local road network of Endeavour Hills and another shared pathway leading to Endeavour Hills Shopping Centre.
From Gunns Road Reserve the trail continues east to the Westfield Fountain Gate shopping centre. Here the trail passes under the Hallam Bypass to the north side of Westfield Fountain Gate where it crosses a carved wooden footbridge. From the wooden footbridge a short 1.5 kilometre path leaves the trail for Parkhill Junction Plaza and Ernst Wanke Road.
The bypass trail continues parallel to the bypass until reaching the Princes Highway where it departs the bypass to follow the highway. From here the trail passes by Wilson Botanic Park and a small stand of pine trees before reaching its terminus at Lyall Road, near the Berwick Village main street.
Connections.
The trail connects to the Dandenong Creek Trail in the west and terminates at Lyall Road in the east.
Traveling 1.5 kilometres north along Lyall Road and Harkaway Road, a trail running alongside Ernst Wanke Road is encountered. It heads west and 2 kilometres later, it makes a small diversion up some side streets and arrives at Parkhill Junction Plaza back on Ernst Wanke Road. The trail splits in two here but not obviously. One trail (1.5 kilometres) leads to the Hallam Bypass trail at Westfield Fountain Gate. The Ernst Wanke Road trail continues onwards and intersects the Hallam Bypass trail after 4.8 kilometres.
The south end of the Birds Land Reserve to Lysterfield Park Trail starts at the very south end of Lysterfield Park, just 4.5 kilometres by quiet roads from the Hallam Bypass Trail. Leave the Hallam Bypass Trail using the freeway underpass 400 meters west of Ernst Wanke Road. Follow the shared path, than travel along Drysdale Road and Heathdale Road. At the small roundabout turn left (north) up Glenwood Road. Cross Belgrave-Hallam Road and continue north up Jacques Rd. Turn left (west) at Heatherton Road and then right (north) up Reservoir Road.
West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761567" title="Hendersons Road Drain Trail">
Hendersons Road Drain Trail

__NOTOC__
The Hendersons Road Drain Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Hendersons Road Drain in the outer northern suburbs of Mill Park, Epping and South Morang in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The first kilometre of the southern end of the trail follows a concrete lined open drain, but the northern sections are parkland, complete with the accompanying wildlife including black swans.
Following the Path.
Coming from the south, on the Darebin Creek Trail, the path arrives at Childs Rd. To continue along the Darebin Creek Trail, cross the road to the north and the road bridge to the west. Stay on the east side of the creek to commence the Hendersons Road Drain Trail and head north.
1 km further on is Hendersons Rd. If coming from Epping station, this is the most logical point to join the trail. The trail continues for another 3.5 km, swapping from side to side of the creek, until it arrives outside the local municipal offices of the City of Whittlesea.
Heading north past the wetlands that form part of the Mill Park Lakes development, a small shopping area comes into view. Another 2.5 km along, is the very edge of Melbourne surburbia and open countryside.
Epping to South Morang rail extension.
The extension of the rail line from Epping to South Morang will intersect the Darebin Creek Trail in the vicinity of Sunrise Crt and Maywood Drv, the Hendersons Road Drain Trail near Maywood Drv and the route to the City Of Whittlesea's Mill Park Leisure Centre in Morang Drv. How this will be handled is unclear.
Connections.
Dead end in the north at the corner of Vista Way and Meridian Drv. Meets the Darebin Creek Trail in Mill Park in the south at Childs Rd.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761583" title="Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail">
Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail

__NOTOC__
The Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the coast line of Hobsons Bay in the inner western suburbs in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The trail forms part of the western half of the Bayside Trail which encircles Port Phillip. It runs from the west side of the Westgate bridge, south and along the coast, finishing at the Skeleton Creek Trail in Sanctuary Lakes.
Following the Path.
Towards the Footscray end the path connects with the Maribyrnong River Trail and passes the offices of the Lonely Planet publications. At this junction cyclists can continue north on the Maribyrnong River Trail or connect to the Footscray Road off-road path which continues directly to the Docklands and the Capital City Trail.
Between Footscray and Spotswood the 3m wide off road path is new (opened in October 2009) and continues south down Moreland Street, Whitehall Street before turning west down Somerville Road and then south again down Hyde Street for approximately 1 kilometre. Under the West Gate Bridge the 3 metre trail continues south along the banks of the Yarra River for approximately 3 km to Williamstown. From here continuous paths can be followed to Altona. 
On weekends a punt takes cyclists across the Yarra River from Spotswood near the Scienceworks Museum.
Connections.
In the north is the Maribyrnong River Trail as well as the Footscray Road Path which connects to the Capital City Trail in Docklands. Heading south the trail goes through Williamstown and intersects the lower Kororoit Creek Trail in Altona, then the Laverton Creek Trail. In the south the path terminates at the Skeleton Creek Trail in Altona Meadows.

</doc>
<doc id="9761593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761593" title="El Heraldo (Colombia)">
El Heraldo (Colombia)

El Heraldo () is a regional newspaper based in the city of Barranquilla, Colombia, founded in 1933 by Juan Fernández Ortega, Luis Eduardo Manotas Llinás, and Alberto Pumarejo Vengoechea. It is the third highest circulating newspaper in Colombia mostly covering the area of the Colombian Caribbean Region and other main cities in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9761606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761606" title="Koonung Creek Trail">
Koonung Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Koonung Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Koonung Creek in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The trail also follows the course of the Eastern Freeway as it too, follows the course of the Koonung Creek, and has good connections to on-road paths.
Following the Path.
The path is easy to follow as it travels parallel to the Eastern Freeway. 600m west of Middleborough Rd the trail is located on the south side of the freeway. East of that point it runs along the north side of the freeway.
Near the Bushy Creek Trail turnoff is a small wetland area with Purple Swamphens and the occasional Little Pied Cormorant.
Connections.
Yarra River Trail in the west. Intersects the Bushy Creek Trail in the middle. Since the completion of the EastLink project (2008), the trail links to the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail in the east, just 80m west of Beckett Rd.
Leaving the trail at Middleborough Rd and travelling north 1.9 km by road, leads to the Ruffey Creek Trail near George St. Leaving the trail at Middleborough Rd and travelling south 1.4 km by road, leads to the Bushy Creek Trail via Springfield Rd.
West end at . East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761614" title="Kororoit Creek Trail">
Kororoit Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Kororoit Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Kororoit Creek in the inner western suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. 
The interrupted upper half is located in Burnside and Deer Park.
The uninterrupted upper section starts in Ardeer and proceeds to Brooklyn the lower half is located in Altona. 
Following the trail.
Upper section (interrupted).
The trail starts in Caroline Springs, on to Burnside continuing through to Albanvale and then Deer Park (approx 10 km).
The trail starts as a concrete path in Caroline Springs, where Caroline Springs Boulevarde crosses the creek. Some 2 km later use the road section from Westwood Drive to Bilungah Place. This leads to a gravel section and a ford to access the east side of the creek. A 1 km concrete path leads to a small footbridge near the Deer Park Secondary College at Deer Park. If the ford is flooded, a nearby road route can be used to access this footbridge instead.
Navigation is then straightforward with sealed concrete paths on both sides of the creek arriving at Station Road (approx 800m).
After an easy road crossing at Station Road the path continues on the south bank along Gurnung Drv and crosses to the north bank, then through Cairnlea to Cairnlea Drive (approx 700m). From here pedestrians cross the Western Highway and then proceed east to Moore Park in Ardeer (approx 400m) to the Western Ring Road Trail.
Upper section (uninterrupted).
The trail then runs directly and uninterrupted from Moore Park, Ardeer to Albion, then Sunshine and onto Brooklyn (approx 4 km). The trail passes close to both Albion and Sunshine stations and also has easy access to the Western Ring Road Trail at Moore Park and onwards to the Federation Trail in Brooklyn. the trail ends at this intersection with the Federation Trail.
Lower section.
The Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail goes through Altona Coastal Park - site of the old Williamstown Racecourse. A lone palm stands guard over the remains of the old grandstand. North of the park, at the ford over Racecourse Road and also at the south end of the park, trails split off that lead to a single path, that heads westerly towards Millers Road. Nearby was the old Williamstown Racecourse railway station.
At Millers Rd cross the road to the serenity of Cherry Lake. A 3.7 km path circumnavigates the lake. On the way bird life including pelicans can be seen. It makes for stark contrast in this heavily industrialised area and is well worth the trip.
Future expansion.
The section from the Federation Trail to Cherry Lake is still incomplete. Once the upper and lower paths are joined, there will be an uninterrupted walking and cycling path all the way from Ardeer to Port Phillip Bay.
Connections to other bike paths.
The northern end of the upper half connects to Western Ring Road Trail. The southern end of the upper half connects to the Federation Trail.
The northern end of the lower half is a dead end at Cherry Lake. The southern end of the lower half connects to Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail.
Upper:
North end at .
South end at .<br>
Lower:
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761623" title="Edgars Creek Trail">
Edgars Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Edgars Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the suburb of Thomastown, an inner northern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.
It leads to the historic village of Westgarthtown.
Following the Path.
The path is signed on the Western Ring Road Trail. Leaving the Western Ring Road Trail the trail immediately degenerates into a goat track beside the creek. On the north side of Spring St a private property blocks the path. Further to the north and about 1 km later, it returns to a decent concrete path.
Connections.
Dead end in the north at German Lane. Western Ring Road Trail in the south.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761628" title="Laverton Creek Trail">
Laverton Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Laverton Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Laverton Creek in the outer western suburbs of Laverton and Altona in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail is now suitable for roadbikes.
Following the Path.
The Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail crosses the Laverton Creek over a long wooden footbridge, some 0.5km from the river mouth. The Laverton creek trail starts at this point. Head upstream - either side can be used - with a concrete path on the north side and an old track on the south side. If using the north side, cross to the south side of the creek, when the first road bridge at Queen St is encountered.
Cross Queen St on the south side of the creek. The path is mainly concrete which previously had an intervening rough gravel section that became submerged in wet conditions, however the concreting of this section has now been completed. The path appears to come to an end at the juncture of Railway Ave and Merton St, 2.5km from Queen St.
Take to the road and cross under the railway line, along Merton St, over the rough bluestone surface. Immediately turn left (SW) and take to the rough dirt track parallel to the railway line amongst the weeds. 250m later the path goes directly under the Princes Highway. Out the other side, in Watts St, turn right (north) parallel to the highway. This quiet street leads to the east end of McCormick Park. A path soon appears that leads to the west end of McCormick Park at Bladin St.
From Bladin St, the Federation Trail can be reached via Wackett St, Old Geelong Rd and Lawrie Emmins Reserve. This route takes a very rough track past a motocross course and an archery range, both located in Lawrie Emmins Reserve - not highly recommended.
Connections.
Dead end in the north west at Bladin St and McCormick Park. It is possible, with some ingenuity, to traverse to the Federation Trail from McCormick Park. Laverton station can be reached using Bladin St or Watt St.
The path connects to the Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail in the south west.
West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761636" title="Yamsay Mountain">
Yamsay Mountain

Yamsay Mountain is a large shield volcano in the Cascade Range of south-central Oregon, located about east of Crater Lake on the border between Klamath County and Lake County. It is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc, but is located in a mountain range behind the main Cascade volcanic front. The best known members of this enigmatic arc are the massive shields of Newberry Volcano, about farther north in Oregon, and Medicine Lake Volcano, about south in northern California. Yamsay is the highest volcano in the eastern arc, almost higher than Newberry and Medicine Lake.
A central part of Klamath mythology, the mountain offers activities such as hiking and horseback riding. Historically the area around it has been inhabited by Native American tribes and settlers. Until the 1970s a fire lookout tower sat on the summit of the mountain, and its foundation remains to this day.
Life in the Cascades is quite diverse. The western half of the range features lush vegetation, but the eastern portion is more dry. The range supports many animals, including both endemic and endangered species.
Geography and geology.
Like other volcanoes in the Cascades Range, Yamsay was produced by subduction of the oceanic Juan de Fuca Plate under the North American Plate. Annual convergence between the two continues at a rate of per year. The Cascades make up the majority of the North American West Coast volcanoes; they have been volcanically active for about 36 million years. The rock making up the Cascades is slightly older, dated between 55 and 42 million years old. In an attempt to organize the volcanoes by age, scientists typically divide them into two provinces: the High Cascadesthe younger volcanoesand the Western Cascades, comprising the older volcanoes. 
Yamsay, along with the Simcoe volcanic complex, Medicine Lake Highlands, and Newberry Volcano, make up a wayward range of shield volcanoes between and east of the main Cascades Range. Volcanism at these centers is unlike other eruptions in the Cascades, and does not stem from fissures as would Basin and Range volcanism. The volcanoes appear to be isolated from the major volcanic ranges in the Northwestern United States, although scientists group them as part of the Cascades.
Recent volcanism in the Cascades, lasting from 7 to 2 mya, produced largely basaltic and basaltic andesite-based material (up to 50 percent). On the eastern side of the High Cascades, however, volcanoes erupted dacite, andesite, and rhyolite. These materials made up several types of eruptions: lava flows, domes, and pyroclastic flows.In the most recent volcanic activity, andesite, basalt, and rhyolite have been erupted from High Cascades volcanoes, particularly Three Sisters-Broken Top, Mount Hood, Mount Jefferson, and Crater Lake.
History.
The name Yamsay is a corruption of the Klamath (a Native American tribe of Southern Oregon) name "Yamsi", a form of "Yamash", meaning "north wind." This mountain was supposed to be the home of Kmukamtch, the supreme being of Klamath mythology.
Historically, the area by the mountain was inhabited by Klamath, Modoc, and Yahooskin Bands, all of the Snake Paiute People. The Yahooskins lived east of Yamsay Mountain, near modern-day Lakeview. Their group inhabited 22 million acres (8.9 ha) of land in Oregon and California. Traders entered the area at some point between 1825 and 1827, where they worked as trappers for the Hudson's Bay Company. After routes opened up in 1846, Fort Klamath was built (in 1863).
The city of Klamath Falls (southeast of Yamsay) sprang up in the 1920s, and featured the fastest-growing population in Oregon. Contributors to this new growth and development included the creation of the Southern Pacific Railroad, completed in 1909. This opened the area for logging and timber business, which became the focus of the profit of the area.
The mountain features a United States Forest Service fire lookout tower with an steel tower, built on the summit of Yamsay in 1929. It was removed after the 1970s, and only remnants of the foundation remain today. A dirt road was built to the summit to service the lookout, but this was abandoned after the tower was removed. The upper now form a hiking trail to the summit.
Climate and ecology.
The Cascades Range is dramatically different in climate from west to east. While the west side is heavily forested and features species such as Douglas firs, western hemlock, Pacific silver firs, and Alaska yellow cedars, the eastern half is only forested at low elevations. East of the Cascades, where Yamsay lies, the climate becomes much drier, even arid. Precipitation levels significantly decline and vegetation becomes less, instead lodgepole pine, white fir, ponderosa pine, and juniper. To the south, chaparral vegetation such as beargrass and bitterbush prevails.
Diverse life exists within the range, including endangered species like Larch Mountain Salamanders and spotted owl. Amphibians like salamanders and frogs as well as birds are common. Mammals in the area consist of elk, mountain lions, deer, and black bears. Eastern Cascades fish include Lost River suckers and short sucker, which are both endemic species.
Recreation.
The Fremont National Recreation Trail passes through the area. It offers tourists excellent views of other Oregon Cascades landmarks, such as Mount Bachelor, Mount Shasta, Three Sisters, and Mount Thielsen. Other activities along the trail include hiking and horseback riding up the mountain from the recreation area located at an elevation between and .

</doc>
<doc id="9761637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761637" title="Maroondah Aqueduct Trail">
Maroondah Aqueduct Trail

__NOTOC__
The Maroondah Aqueduct Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the disused Maroondah Aqueduct through the outer eastern suburbs of Eltham and Research in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
This entry includes the Main Road path as part of the total length of 7.7 km.
Following the Path.
Starting at Edendale Farm, see Diamond Creek Trail, follow the Main Rd path until it meets with the Maroondah Aqueduct Trail near Candlebark Crt (3.4km). Just 360m east of the orange/red sculpture "The Breeze", by Sri Lankan born, Edward Ginger, located outside the Eltham Little Theatre.
The Maroondah Aqueduct Trail loops back to Diamond Creek Trail, back at Allendale Rd. To keep the cycling grades to a minimum, always do the Maroondah Aqueduct Trail loop anti-clockwise.
The path passes through large stands of pine trees and has a distinctly rural atmosphere. A good diversion if using the Diamond Creek Trail.
Connections.
Meets the Diamond Creek Trail at either end.
Main Rd path: West end at .
East end at .
Maroondah Aqueduct Trail: West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761644" title="Mullum Mullum Creek Trail">
Mullum Mullum Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Mullum Mullum Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Mullum Mullum Creek in the outer eastern suburbs in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The path is split into two sections, which will be linked to form one continuous trail from Templestowe to Croydon. Until this link is constructed, the two sections of the path between the end of the Yarra River Trail in Templestowe and Tindals Road in Donvale is the lower section, while the section between the end of the Koonung Creek Trail in Donvale and Highland Avenue in Croydon is the upper section. The missing section is being constructed in two parts. The section between Tindals Road and Park Road in Donvale is under construction and was set to open in 2009, but as of December 2011 it is yet to be completed. The section between Park Road and the end of the Koonung Creek Trail in Donvale will be constructed in the future, with a detail planning study having been completed.
Following the path.
Upper section.
The upper section starts in the east at the end of Highland Ave. The path heads in a south westerly direction, with at-level road crossing at Kalinda Road, Oban Road, and Oliver Street. Before the tunnel under the Ringwood Bypass, there is a turnoff to the Belgrave Rail Trail, which initially runs on-road along Suda Avenue and Samuel Street. The trail then heads under the tunnel and takes an immediate right turn west towards Eastland Shopping Centre. A road crossing at Warrandyte Road and a tunnel under Ringwood Street sends you to the end of the EastLink Trail. Continuing under the EastLink onramps leads you under Deep Creek Road and into Yarran Dheran. The path continues north west past sensitive flora and fauna by the concrete path mixed with a series of timber bridges and boardwalks. An at-level crossing with Quarry Road is confronted before continuing west. The track ends at an unsigned future extension of the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail 80m west of Beckett Road. At this point, the path seamlessly becomes the Koonung Creek Trail, which takes users towards Doncaster and eventually the Melbourne CBD along the Eastern Freeway. Refer also to Mullum Mullum Creek and Mullum Mullum Creek Park
Central Section - under construction or in the planning stage (December 2010).
The central section which is the 'missing link' of the whole Mullum Mullum Creek Trail is in two parts. The section under construction runs from Park Road north to Tindals Road (~1.7 km) and the final section, in the planning stages, from Park Road south to join the Eastlink Trail (~2.5 km). When these last two sections are complete you will be able to ride from Ringwood/Mitcham and (heading north) along the Mullum Mullum Trail join the Main Yarra Trail at Templestowe. NB. As of late July 2010 works on the Park Rd.-Tindals Rd. section appear to have stalled with little if any work having been carried out over the past 12 months. All trail/bridge works have been completed through council 'owned' land with the works stalling where the land becomes privately owned and awaiting the outcome of a development application.
Current progress of trail works: So far, heading north from Park Rd. a small carpark, an asphalted 2 metre wide trail (about 1 km) and two bridges have been completed but the works stop short about 700m from Tindals Rd. (There is no access through to Tindals Rd.)
Foundations works on the southern side of Park Rd. for the trail bridge over the Mullum Mullum Creek also appear under construction.
Lower section.
The lower section starts at Tindals Road and continues 1.4 km to just before Reynolds Road. The path splits here; take the left track. Continuing though a heavily treed area, the path crosses Heidelberg - Warrandyte Road. On the far side is a wooden bridge and boardwalk - continue to the left - the right leads to a tea house at Beasley's Nursery.
After 1.1 km the path opens up into a more open area and meets the Greengully Trail that enters from the left (south). The intersection is badly signed. Continue past large open areas on the right (east) where Kangaroos/Wallabies can be seen on a regular basis, just 20 km from the Melbourne CBD.
The trail ends at the confluence of the Mullum Mullum Creek and the Yarra River in Templestowe. A lookout surveys the spot. The Yarra River Trail starts here.
Connections.
The south western end of the upper section connects to the Belgrave Rail Trail. The north eastern end of the upper section finishes at Cherry Tree Grv. From Cherry Grv, a 2.7 km road section, via Croydon station, can be used to reach the Tarralla Creek Trail. A Maroondah Council project "Lake to Creek Link Project" will, once completed, improve the link to Ringwood Lake and the Belgrave Rail Trail beyond.
The northern end of the lower section connects to the Yarra River Trail. The path also connects to the Greengully Trail 1.2 km south of the Yarra. The southern end of the lower section terminates at Tindals Rd.
Upper: West end at .
East end at .<br>
Lower: North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761669" title="River Gum Walk Trail">
River Gum Walk Trail

__NOTOC__
The River Gum Walk Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the suburb of Rosanna, an inner northern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Following the path.
The path starts in the north, at the northeast corner of Yallambie Road and Greensborough Highway. Heading south it passes by the west side of the Simpson Army Barracks in Watsonia, crosses Lower Plenty Road and then crosses Banyule Road and heads downhill past a stand of river red gums, crosses Buckingham Stree and continues past Banyule Theatre (Viewbank College). Further along it passes Warringal Park on its west side and then intersects the Yarra River Trail.
The southerly section of the River Gum Walk Trail can easily be mistaken for the continuation of the Yarra River Trail. People coming from the south along the Yarra River Trail should turn right (east) 130 m after crossing the canal at the end of Plymouth Street, near the Banyule Tennis centre.
Connections.
Dead end in the north. However, the Greensborough Bypass Trail, just 2 km to the north at Grimshaw Street, can be reached by travelling parallel and to the east of Greensborough Highway, using these quiet roads and the interlinking pathways: Yallambie Road, Watson Street, Service Road, Dennett Street and finally Greensborough Road.
Yarra River Trail at the southern end. A quick diversion down Buckingham Street (250 m) also leads to the Yarra River Trail.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761671" title="El Heraldo">
El Heraldo

Heraldo, the Spanish for "herald", may refer to:
Newspapers.
El Heraldo ("The Herald") may refer to any of the following Spanish-language newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="9761672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761672" title="Plenty River Trail">
Plenty River Trail

__NOTOC__
The Plenty River Trail is a shared-use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Plenty River through the suburbs of Greensborough and Lower Plenty in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The last major gap in the trail was eliminated by the completion of a footbridge across the river, south of the Heidelberg Golf Club, in March 2007. The trail now runs all the way from the Yarra River to the Greensborough Bypass and points further north.
The trail is badly signed but provides a pleasant environment.
Following the path.
Although there is a sign near the most northerly bend of Punkerri Circuit which declares this as the end of the Trail, the actual track starts further north off an easement, at the most northerly bend of Plenty River Drive, 120 m from Acworth Court. When the path reaches the signed end point, it is well-defined but somewhat rough, narrow and overgrown.
Not far down the path is a bus stop, which surprisingly can be found in this heavily-treed area. Further along, past a pipe bridge and 1.6 km later, the Greensborough Bypass bridge spans the valley. On the east side of the road a path goes up to a goat track, which can be used to access the Western Ring Road Trail. The Western Ring Road Trail passes across the bridge on the bridge's north side.
Leaving the bridge behind, the path gradually improves and arrives 1 km later at a footbridge. Paths run off in all directions on both sides of the footbridge. Just continue across the footbridge and continue straight ahead across Kalparrin Ave and along the north side of the Whatmough Park oval.
On the far side of the oval is a suspension footbridge. There are no signs here. The rule in this case, is always to do a very sharp right turn immediately after crossing the bridge, regardless of from what direction one arrives. Do not go straight ahead.
The path goes under Main Street and 800 m later arrives at an apparent dead end at the end of a small street - Bicton Street. Turn right (west) and head along Bicton Street. The path resumes at its far end.
Continuing leads to an athletics track, complete with the characteristic red brick colored track. Skirt round the east side of the track and cross a small footbridge on its south side. 2 km later another footbridge appears (near Allima Court). There are no signs here and its possible to lose the trail; maintain a NE - SW direction.
Past a stand of large Monkey Puzzle trees and further on to the old Lower Plenty Road iron bridge, built on bluestone supports. Cross the bridge, turn right and go past the Heidelberg golf course and over the final and newest footbridge.
The trail moves into a more open area above the Plenty river where horses are kept. The trail goes up and up, past the large transmitter antenna, past the old grain silos in the distance and affords excellent views of the immediate area. It overlooks the ancient floodplain surrounding the confluence of the Plenty and Yarra Rivers.
Finally the trail drops about 30 m to the floor of the Yarra valley, to meet with the Yarra River Trail.
Connections.
Western Ring Road Trail in the north and Yarra River Trail in the south.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761683" title="Ruffey Creek Trail">
Ruffey Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Ruffey Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Ruffey Creek in the inner eastern suburbs of Templestowe and Doncaster in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Platypus are known to live in the creek.
Following the Path.
Leaving the Yarra River Trail at Odyssey House, cross the narrow suspension bridge to the south side of the Yarra River. The Ruffey Creek Trail is not signed at this point. Once over the river go immediately to the left (east) of the carpark and cross a very small wooden footbridge that crosses Ruffey Creek.
At the juncture of Swilk St and Parker St, 0.8km from the Yarra, a small street section is encountered. Head east along Parker Street, not Swilk Street, south down McLachlan Street and cross Foote Street where the path resumes.
At Eumeralla Avenue continue south down the street to Montpellier Park. At this point there are two options:
While steepish, the goat track is easier to navigate than the road route. Pass through the Williamsons Road underpass and the underpass at King Street to Ruffey Lake Park. At the lake the path forks to either side of lake. The right fork (south side) is not as steep as the north side. Continue along either path to Victoria Street.
At the end of the trail, not far from Ruffey Lake Park is Schramm cottage built by the original German settlers.
Connections.
Yarra River Trail in the north. Dead end in the south about 90m from the corner of Victoria and George Streets by Ruffey Lake Park. Travelling 2km to the north east by road leads to the Greengully Trail.
Traveling south by 1.9km on Middleborough Road leads to the Koonung Creek Trail. A quieter and safer alternative is to travel via Church Road parallel to and west of Middleborough Road.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761718" title="Sandridge Trail">
Sandridge Trail

__NOTOC__
The Sandridge Trail is a shared-use path for cyclists and pedestrians located in the inner southern suburb of Port Melbourne in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
It follows the former Port Melbourne railway line, now the 109 tram route. The trail is also known as the 109 tram trail, which is a misnomer since the tram goes to Box Hill, while the trail only goes to the CBD. 
The trail is significant as it follows the path many new immigrants to Australia took when they first entered the country to begin a new life. See also Sandridge Bridge.
As of 2007, the Melbourne Convention Centre area is being developed further. The development is to maintain a link between the Sandridge Trail and Capital City Trail.
Following the path.
At Melbourne Exhibition and Convention Centre leave the Capital City Trail by the Yarra River and head south down Clarendon Street to where the Restaurant Trams start their run at Normandy Road. The off road trail starts here and heads west along Normandy Rd soon arriving at the tram corral.
Connections.
The Sandridge Trail connects with the Bayside Trail in the west. Heading north leads to West Gate Bridge and the Yarra River punt. Heading south leads to St Kilda. The Capital City Trail is located at the east end and runs into the Melbourne city centre. Cyclists arriving from Tasmania on the Spirit of Tasmania can access the CBD using this path.

</doc>
<doc id="9761720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761720" title="Skeleton Creek Trail">
Skeleton Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Skeleton Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Skeleton Creek as it passes through the outer western suburb of Point Cook in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The northern end of the path comes within 800 metres of the Federation Trail. the intervening Princes Highway eliminates any possibility of traversing between these two points.
Following the Path.
Upper section.
The upper section starts just north of Sayers Road. Further south is a footbridge across the creek leading to the "Flagmans Welcome". Stay on the west side. About 3 km from Sayers Road the path meets the Federation Trail.
Lower section.
The lower section starts about 700 m south of the Federation Trail on the south side of the creek but does not connect to the Federation Trail due to the intervening Princes Highway.
There is a path on both sides of the creek. There are two footbridges: one halfway along the trail and the other near the mouth of the creek at the start of the Cheetham Wetlands adjacent to the old ford. This footbridge, completed in Dec 2009, links directly to the Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail.
Connections.
Upper section: Dead end near Sayers Road. Connects to the Federation Trail at the southern end.
Lower section:
Lower: West end at . East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761723" title="Steele Creek Trail">
Steele Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Steele Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Steele Creek in the inner northern suburb of Keilor East in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail will make for a useful shortcut between the Western Ring Road Trail in the north and the Maribyrnong River Trail in the south, once the Valley Lake Estate housing development is completed.
Following the Path.
The trail has a large gap at the site of the Valley Lake Estate housing development, currently (2010) being built on an old quarry site in Niddrie. Once completed (estimated as late 2010) the cyclist will be able to traverse the full length of the trail. While still not complete in Jan 2012, it is still possible to traverse this section with a little bit of ingenuity. There is a small but busy road section at Keilor Rd and Woorite Pl at the northern end i.e. the freeway off ramp. Other than that, navigation is straight forward.
The Victorian State Government financed a new underpass of Buckley St in 2009, which has vastly improved the link to the Maribyrnong River Trail. Construction commenced Oct 2009 and the underpass was opened to the public May 28, 2010 resulting in better and safer access to St Bernard’s College and Rosehill Secondary College.
Connections.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761726" title="St Georges Road Trail">
St Georges Road Trail

__NOTOC__
The St Georges Road Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Cheddar and St Georges Road in the inner northern suburbs of Reservoir, Preston and Thornbury in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail is somewhat unusual, in that part of the way, it is located on the wide traffic island that divides the road in two, instead of being located beside the road. As a consequence, somewhat more care has to be taken when crossing at the intersections.
The trail was first constructed in the mid 1990s down the median strip of St Georges Road, but the section between Bell Street and Miller Street, which runs beside the road instead, was not completed until 2005.
Following the path.
Leave the Western Ring Road Trail at Dalton Road. There are no signs to the St Georges Road Trail at this point. Dalton Road is unsuitable for cycling due to the heavy vehicles using the road. Using the footpath on the west side of Dalton Road, continue 400m south from the highway, to the start of a 600m low quality sandy shared path in the City of Whittlesea. It ends 160 metres north of the Keon Pde/Dalton Rd/Tunaley Pde intersection. Continue on the west side of Dalton Rd via the footpath to the intersection. Use the pedestrian crossing to cross to the east side of Dalton Rd and Tunaley Pde. The high quality trail in the City of Darebin, starts at Tunaley Pde, 1.4 km from the Metropolitan Ring Road and heads down the Yan Yean pipe reserve.
From there it follows Cheddar Road to a large intersection at the Reservoir shopping area and comes to a stop. Use the pedestrian crossings to cross SW to Reservoir railway station. The path restarts adjacent to the station car park. Continue between the reservoirs hiding behind the rows of trees lining the street on either side. The path continues diagonally in the GE Robinson reserve, beside the palms.
On the south side of the park the trail runs parallel to Robinson Road past Regent railway station. Follow the train line. 600m later, the path crosses the tracks and soon reaches St Georges Road and Murray Road.
Carefully cross over to the dividing strip going down the middle of St Georges Road. The path passes the Preston Campus of the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE. The trail stays on the dividing strip the whole way, except for a 500m section, between Ray Braham Gardens and Miller Street by the tram corral.
The most southerly end of the trail previously terminated at a roundabout with St Georges Road, Charles Street and Merri Parade. The roundabout was a blackspot for cyclists. The roundabout was removed in 2009. The Merri Creek Trail and Capital City Trail can be accessed by proceeding to the nearby Merri Parade.
Connections.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761727" title="Royal Wood">
Royal Wood

Royal Wood is a Canadian singer-songwriter, record producer and arranger based in Toronto, Ontario. His classic pop style has drawn comparisons to Hawksley Workman, Ron Sexsmith, Randy Newman and Rufus Wainwright.
Biography.
Early life.
Born and raised outside of Peterborough, Ontario, Royal was named after his great grandfather (his grandmother Margaret Emma Nicholson's father), Royal Rufus Wood of Chatham, Ontario, who died in 1962. Royal Rufus Wood was the treasurer of Chatham Hydro for many years and was an avid, amateur musician himself playing the Hammond organ at church functions and at a local funeral home. Royal Wood grew up in a household filled with music. He began playing piano by ear at the age of four and started lessons at age eight. With the support of his school music program, he had access to a variety of different instruments, and by his teens, he became a multi-instrumentalist well-versed in many different styles, including the guitar, bass guitar, drums, clarinet, and trumpet.
After high school, he studied business at McGill University. During this time, he performed piano in Montreal jazz clubs and focused on his guitar playing while trying to find his voice as a songwriter.
Career.
Wood released his first EP, entitled "The Milkweed EP", in 2003. This collection of songs were written, arranged, performed and produced by Wood himself. The release garnered much critical acclaim, and critics drew comparisons with Randy Newman, Jeff Buckley, and Tom Waits.
Following the release of his debut EP, Wood set out to create an over-the-top pop record for his full-length debut. Drawing inspiration from The Beatles and The Beach Boys, Wood once again undertook production duties during the recording sessions. In 2004, he released his full-length debut record, "Tall Tales" on Maple Music. The record’s ornate sound and layered arrangements garnered much critical attention, and Wood was praised for his vocal style and infectious lyricism.
With the goal of creating a more mature and pristine sound, Wood entered Toronto's Reaction Studios in 2005 to begin recording the follow-up to his full-length debut. During the recording session, he used a Steinway grand piano, scored a full string quartet, and also enlisted the help of many well-known musicians, including Hawksley Workman and Kurt Swinghammer. The result was "A Good Enough Day", which was released in 2007 on Dead Daisy Records in Canada, and in 2008 on Rounder Europe. The record received much radio attention domestically and abroad, and Wood was praised by critics for his fluent piano playing, melodic lyrical style and production ability. The record spawned three singles and three music videos, “A Mirror Without”, “Juliet” and “I’m So Glad”. Music from the record has also been featured on several TV and movie soundtracks, including TMN/Movie Central's "ReGenesis", the CBC series "This is Wonderland", the CTV movie "Playing House", the film "The End of Silence", and the Food Network’s "The Surreal Gourmet". Internationally, "A Mirror Without" was featured on an episode of "Grey's Anatomy". His song "Paradise" was also featured on an episode of "Private Practice".
With the success of "A Good Enough Day", Wood was invited to share the stage with numerous Canadian songstresses, including Emm Gryner, Sarah Harmer, Kathleen Edwards, Sarah Slean, Jill Barber and Serena Ryder. In support of the Rounder Europe release of the record, he also embarked on a European tour in 2008.
Constantly evolving, Wood wanted to focus his next effort on the lyrics and string arrangements. The result was the 2009 release "The Lost and Found EP". With a consistently growing fan base, Wood embarked on his first headlining tour in Western Canada in November 2009 in support of the new EP. Joined by Atlantic Canadian singer-songwriter Rose Cousins, Wood played to capacity crowds during three-week tour.
In 2010 he released "The Waiting" after which he was named iTunes Songwriter of the Year and nominated at the Junos for Songwriter of the Year. He also supported David Gray on a full national tour, and completed three headline tours of Canada, and others in Europe and the US.
His 2012 album "We Were Born to Glory" debuted in the Top 25 on the Canadian Albums Chart, and was nominated for Adult Alternative Album of the Year at the 2013 Juno Awards. The first single from the album was "Not Giving Up".
On March 18, 2014, Wood released "The Burning Bright". The lead single "Forever and Ever" was a Top 40 Hit in Canada and was the No. 1 most added song on HOT AC Radio.
Personal life.
In 2008, Wood and fellow singer-songwriter Sarah Slean got engaged while in Paris; the pair married in 2009. The marriage broke down, and in January 2014, Slean announced she and Royal Wood had "parted ways as friends".
Wood lives in Toronto's Liberty Village neighbourhood, but now owns his parents' farm near Peterborough.

</doc>
<doc id="9761730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761730" title="Tarralla Creek Trail">
Tarralla Creek Trail

__NOTOC__
The Tarralla Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Tarralla Creek (previously known as the Croydon main drain), in the outer eastern suburb of Croydon in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Following the path.
Heading east on the Dandenong Creek Trail, the Dandenong Creek Trail goes under the Belgrave railway line. On the east side of the underpass the Belgrave Rail Trail immediately heads off parallel to the rail line to the right (south). 70m later, along the Dandenong Creek Trail, is a footbridge to the left (north) that crosses Dandenong Creek. This is the beginning of the southern end of the Tarralla Creek Trail. This area is effectively a major intersection for trails and is unsigned - see confusing intersections.
Cross the footbridge and continue north up Bungalook Rd E to Canterbury Rd. Turn left (NW) and go past the Bayswater Golf Driving Range on the left. Cross Canterbury Rd at the pedestrian crossing and pick up the trail on the far side just north of Greenhill Rd.
Continue along the trail for about 1.9km to the footbridge at Oak Lane. Head up Oak lane (east) to Bayswater Rd. Turn left (north) and cross the road at the pedestrian crossing. 300m from Oak Lane the trail ducks through to Yvonne St. At the end of Yvonne St and on the far side of at Eastfield Rd the trail restarts. About 2km later, after passing by the Fred Geale oval, it comes to an end at Norton Rd next to Swinburne Tech - Croydon campus.
Connections.
Dead end in the north east at Norton Rd. Meets the Dandenong Creek Trail and the Belgrave Rail Trail in the south west. A 2.7km road section, via Croydon station and a fairly steep hill, can be used to reach the upper Mullum Mullum Creek Trail.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761750" title="Werribee River Trail">
Werribee River Trail

__NOTOC__
The Werribee River Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Werribee River in the outer western suburb of Werribee in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
North of the Werribee train line the path runs both sides of the river. The path on the eastern side is longer by about 2.5 km.
The Werribee River Aqueduct project resulted in the construction of a footbridge in 2010 at the Federation Trail / Princes Freeway juncture, that allows riders to continue further south, following the west side of the Werribee River. 
As part of the Werribee Regional Park development a second footbridge was also built in 2010 linking to the Werribee Mansion and Werribee Zoo.
Connections.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761755" title="Western Ring Road Trail">
Western Ring Road Trail

__NOTOC__
The Western Ring Road Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians that bridges the northern suburbs and follows the Western Ring Road freeway in Melbourne, Australia. It intercepts many other paths making possible a large variety of circuits for the recreational cyclist.
Following the path.
Diversions and closures.
October 2011: The widening of the Westerm Ring Road is impacting on the trail - miscellaneous diversions and closures are occurring along its length as time proceeds.
The western end of the path starts at the end of Merino Street in Sunshine West, where it branches off from the Federation Trail.
Following the path is mainly straightforward, as it runs parallel to the Western Ring Road. However there are some exceptions along the way. In particular these points should be reviewed before heading out for a pedal or a jog: Keilor Park Drive, Malvern and Coventry Streets, the Moonee Ponds Creek Trail intersection, Jacana Station and the Craigieburn Bypass Trail intersection.
The eastern end of the path starts at the roundabout, at the intersection of Diamond Creek Road, the Greensborough Bypass and Civic Drive in Greensborough, 1.2 km east of the Plenty River Trail turnoff.
Connections.
Going from west to east: Federation Trail, Wellness Trail, Kororoit Creek Trail, Maribyrnong River Trail, Steele Creek Trail, Moonee Ponds Creek Trail, Merri Creek Trail, Craigieburn Bypass Trail, Edgars Creek Trail, St Georges Rd Trail, Darebin Creek Trail north then Darebin Creek Trail south, Greensborough Bypass Trail and Plenty River Trail. 
West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761761" title="Wurundjeri Walk Trail">
Wurundjeri Walk Trail

__NOTOC__
The Wurundjeri Walk Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the inner eastern suburbs of Blackburn South and Forest Hill in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The path is broken by many small road sections. For this entry the eastern end is considered to be Mahoneys Road that leads to Forest Hill Chase shopping centre 
Following the trail.
The west end of Wurundjeri Walk Trail starts at Boardman Close, near the clubhouse of the Box Hill golf club. See the Gardiners Creek Trail for more detail. from Boardman Close the path ducks down a small lane and arrives at Roberts Avenue. Turn left (north) then right into Wellard Road (east). Right at Nash Road, left at Joyhill Avenue, left again at Penrose Street, right into Mirabella Crescent and finally left into Middleborough Road. Go north up Middleborough Road to the pedestrian crossing and cross over to Wilks Place. The trail restarts at the end of the street.
Follow the Wurundjeri Walk until the trail arrives at a tee intersection. Turn right (south) and head for Fulton Road. Go left (east) and along Fulton Road and cross over to the path that links to Finch Street. Continuing east along Finch Street, then Forest Glen Avenue to the parks parallel to Golden Glen Road and finally arriving at Mahoneys Road. Cross the road and go along Parkland Place, north of and beside "Brand Receptions". The path intersects here with the Syndal Heatherdale Pipe Reserve Trail.
Connections.
Gardiners Creek Trail in the west. In the east, at Mahoneys Road, the Syndal Heatherdale Pipe Reserve Trail can be reached by a via Parkland Place.
West end at ; east end at .

</doc>
<doc id="9761814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761814" title="Scott Irby-Ranniar">
Scott Irby-Ranniar

Scott Irby-Ranniar (born September 15, 1984) is an American actor and singer born in Harlem, New York. He is well known for originating the role of Young Simba in the Broadway production of The Lion King in 1997. He is a former member of the band Steel Train.

</doc>
<doc id="9761860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761860" title="Robert F. Wagner Houses">
Robert F. Wagner Houses

Senator Robert F. Wagner Houses, also known as Triborough Houses, is a public housing development in the East Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, in New York City. The development was completed on May 31, 1958, and was named after Robert F. Wagner, who served four terms as senator of New York State. The complex is administered by the New York City Housing Authority.
The development, located east of First Avenue in the northeast corner of Manhattan, consists of 14 16-story buildings and 8 7-story buildings, a total of 22 buildings. It has 5,290 residents who live in 2,154 apartments. The complex occupies . It cost $30,926,000 to construct.
The first family to move into the Wagner Houses, on August 3, 1958, moved from a cold-water flat on East 106th Street, which was also demolished to build Franklin Plaza Apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="9761861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761861" title="Inertia (independent record company)">
Inertia (independent record company)

Inertia is an independent record company based in Sydney, Australia. It was established in March 2000 by Ashley Sellers. Inertia releases exclusively the music from many of the world’s most prominent independent labels. Inertia services include marketing, promotion, sales, distribution, product management, production, digital, publishing, third party, rights administration, and merchandising. Inertia also houses labels Pod, Inertia Recordings, Rogue Records and Provenance, each of which license releases from select local and international acts.
Inertia currently releases albums from many popular artists including Adele, Sia Furler, Bon Iver, The Herd, Radiohead, The National, Battles, Fleet Foxes, Vampire Weekend, UNKLE, Does It Offend You, Yeah?, M.I.A., Midnight Juggernauts, The xx, Floating Me, Glass Towers, Best Coast, Fat Freddy's Drop, Wavves and Ice Cube. Over the last decade, the label has also worked with The White Stripes, Mos Def, Santigold, Ben Lee, TV On The Radio, The Dandy Warhols, Frightened Rabbit, Dizzee Rascal and Eagles Of Death Metal.
Promotion and Distribution.
Inertia’s roster of labels and partners is one of the biggest in Australia, taking in many of the world’s most prominent independent labels, from many styles and genres. The most well-known of these include Sub Pop, Warp Records, XL Recordings, Fat Cat, Matador, Soul Jazz, Ninja Tune, Beggars Banquet, 4AD, Secretly Canadian, PIAS Recordings, Jagjaguwar, Young Turks, True Panther Sounds and Light in the Attic Records.
Australian labels represented by Inertia include Remote Control, Elefant Traks, Dot Dash, Popfrenzy, Speak N Spell, Cross Section, Cartell, Invada and Mistletone.
In-House Labels and Companies.
Beginning it’s licensing operation in 2002, Inertia has since gone on to become home to a number of specialist in-house labels.
Inertia Recordings was founded in 2002 as the vehicle for Australian and New Zealand signings. Artists released on this label have included Ben Lee, The Cops, Shapeshifter, N’Fa, Concord Dawn and Gersey. In February 2009, Inertia Recordings announced that they had signed much-hyped Sydney band, Bridezilla, and would release the group's debut album late in 2009.
Founded in 2003, Rogue Records is Inertia's destination for a broad spectrum of music styles, including indie, folk, and alt. country. Rogue Records has licenced and released albums from the likes of Bon Iver, El Perro Del Mar, CocoRosie, Vashti Bunyan, Alela Diane, Pinback, and The Hold Steady.
In 2007, Inertia another in-house label, Pod, focusing on international independent acquisitions. As of 2011, Pod has released albums from Wavves, Does It Offend You, Yeah?, Girls, Darwin Deez, The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart, The Antlers, Destroyer, MellowHype, Spank Rock, Memory Tapes, The Soft Pack, Hanni El Khatib, M83, Zola Jesus, UNKLE, The Whitest Boy Alive, and We Were Promised Jetpacks.
In 2008 Inertia established its imprint Provenance to reissue and export important, classic and rare Australian and New Zealand music. Provenance’s first release is a limited edition boxset that reissues the first three Beasts of Bourbon albums
Handsome Tours.
In 2006, Inertia launched its sister touring-company, Civil Society. Teaming with an artists of a variety of styles, Civil Society worked with nearly all the major festivals in Australia and organised tours for the likes of The National, The xx, Sia Furler, Delorean, Girls, Darwin Deez, Autechre, Grizzly Bear, The Morning Benders, James Lavelle (UNKLE), MNDR, Pink Martini, The Dandy Warhols, Spank Rock, !!! and Pendulum.
In 2010, Civil Society announced that it would be merging with fellow touring company, Handsome Tours. Also established in 2000, Handsome have toured the likes of Bon Iver, Band of Horses, Interpol, Pavement, The Shins, Lykke Li, Friendly Fires, Yeasayer and José González.
As of 2011, the merged Handsome Tours operates under directors Ashley Sellers, Mat Everett, Colin Daniels and Dave Chatfield.
Commercial success.
Inertia's commercial successes include an Australian 6× Platinum record for Adele's "21", a double Platinum record for Ben Lee's "Awake Is the New Sleep", a Platinum record for Gotye's "Like Drawing Blood" and Australian Gold records for Sia Furler's "We Are Born" and "Some People Have Real Problems", Bon Iver's "For Emma, Forever Ago", Radiohead's "In Rainbows", Interpol's "Antics", Pendulum's "Hold Your Colour" and The White Stripes' "Icky Thump".
Ben Lee's "Awake Is the New Sleep" earned a series of ARIA Awards in 2005, including Best Male Artist, Best Independent Release, Best Cover Artwork and Single of the Year (for "Catch My Disease").
Sia's "We Are Born" earned a series of ARIA Awards in 2010, including Best Independent Release, Best Pop Release and Best Video for "Clap Your Hands".

</doc>
<doc id="9761869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761869" title="Torneo de Copa de Puerto Rico">
Torneo de Copa de Puerto Rico

The Torneo de Copa de Puerto Rico is the top knockout tournament of the Puerto Rican football.

</doc>
<doc id="9761883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761883" title="Santee School District">
Santee School District

Santee School District (Santee Elementary School District) is the district that governs all public elementary schools in Santee, California. The two high schools in Santee, Santana and West Hills are part by the Grossmont Union High School District.
Schools.
Closed Schools.
Santee School, the first school built in Santee, was closed in 2002.
Info.
Santee School District has been a successful district ever since it started with its only school, which was Santee School. Some schools were opened to be known as overflow schools, but later became regular schools. Overflow schools were only meant to hold up to 500 students.

</doc>
<doc id="9761898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761898" title="David Doty">
David Doty

David Doty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9761911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761911" title="Allin Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Allin Township, McLean County, Illinois

Allin Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 919 and it contained 389 housing units. Allin Township was originally named Mosquito Grove Township, but changed its name on March 4, 1867.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9761913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761913" title="Kickapoo">
Kickapoo

Kickapoo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9761916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761916" title="STec, Inc.">
STec, Inc.

sTec is a computer data storage technology company headquartered in California, with research and development, sales, support or manufacturing sites in China, India, Japan, Malaysia, Silicon Valley, and Taiwan.
sTec, formerly Simple Technology, was founded by Manouch Moshayedi and Mark Moshayedi in 1990.
sTec designs, develops and manufactures solid-state drives (SSDs) based on flash memory and dynamic random access memory (DRAM), providing them to large-scale data center environments and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers.
Customers include Dell, EMC, Fujitsu, HP, and IBM. sTec also has distributors, resellers and system integrators.
sTec was acquired by HGST, a Western Digital company. Western Digital completed the acquisition of sTec on September 12, 2013.
History.
In 1990, Manouch Moshayedi and Mike Moshayedi started Simple Technology, a company that designed and sold computer memory modules. Three years later, Mark Moshayedi joined the company.
In 1994, Simple Technology bought Cirrus Logic’s flash controller operation, to enter the flash memory business for consumer electronic devices. In 1998, Simple Technology bought SiliconTech Inc., obtaining that company's business flash memory customer base and operation. In 1999, sTec was first to market the 1 GB solid-state IDE storage devices, SDRAM modules and also 320 MB Type II CompactFlash.
Simple Tech became a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ stock exchange on September 26, 2000, under the ticker symbol of STEC.
That same year, Simple Tech sold its consumer business to Fabrik Inc. of San Mateo, California, and renamed itself sTec. The company then focused on business-flash memory products. At that point Mike Moshayedi resigned from sTec, Mark Moshayedi became president and chief operating officer and Manouch Moshayedi became CEO.
In March 2007, Mark Moshayedi was promoted to president. This same year, sTec became the industry's first supplier to deploy enterprise-class SSDs to OEMs.
In 2009, after announcing EMC Corporation as the sole customer of its ZeusIOPS enterprise SSDs, sTec sales reached the $1 billion market capitalization.
In April 2011, sTec announced it acquired the assets of Knowledge Quest Infotech Private Limited in Pune, India.
In September 2012, Mark Moshayedi was named sTec chief executive officer.
On June 24, 2013, Western Digital corporation announced sTec would become part of its HGST subsidiary, with a purchase price estimated at $340 million.
Technology.
Flash memory storage devices are sold by sTec with varying capacities and with interfaces including serial attached SCSI and PCI Express.
The company's primary product lines are:

</doc>
<doc id="9761924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761924" title="Austrian Ice Hockey Association">
Austrian Ice Hockey Association

The Austrian Ice Hockey Association (, ÖEHV) is an association of Austrian sports clubs with ice hockey activities.
The highest-level hockey league in Austria is the Austrian Hockey League which is also called Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="9761933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761933" title="Llangolman">
Llangolman

Llangolman () is a village and parish on the southern flank of the Preseli Hills in Pembrokeshire, Wales. It is part of the community of Mynachlog-ddu.
History.
Llangolman lies in a historic landscape near the upper part of the valley of the Eastern Cleddau and its tributaries. The village place name derives from the church dedicated to St. Golman, or in Irish, St Colman. Colman is attributed to Colmán of Dromore, a 6th century saint.
Anglican Church.
Llangolman church stands on high ground just to the south of the main village. The current building is Victorian or early Victorian with little to show of the original medieval building that once stood on the site. Of historical interest is the recording in the 19th century of a stone gate post about 100 to 200 yards from the churchyard. This stone, known as the Maen-ar-Golman (the stone upon Golman) is about 7 feet tall with a number of cross markings carved on the to stone. The stone appears to have no inscriptions. The local belief is that Golman is buried nearby.
Local Chapels.
There are two local chapels in the area, Llandeilo and Rhydwilym. Rhydwilym ("English: William's Ford") is the oldest active Welsh Baptist Chapel in the world and was founded in 1668. Funds to build the first chapel were provided by the Gentleman Farmer John Evans of Llwyndwr in 1701. There was a chapel on the site in 1763 because a plaque on the front wall indicates that the 1763 chapel was rebuilt in 1841, and further enlarged in 1875. 
The current Llandeilo chapel was built in 1882 though earlier Chapel structures are recorded in the immediate vicinity. The name LLandeilo comes from the local church dedicated to the 5th-century saint, Teilo.
Historical Buildings.
Two gentry houses from the 18th century include Plas-y-Meibion and Llangolman Farm. There is also the house called Temple Druid (c1795) which was designed by John Nash (architect), architect to King George IV, and is located roughly half way between Llangolman and Maenclochog.
Llangolman Farm has some architectural interest. Although most of the current house probably dates from the 18th century, the rear wing of the house has an older structure that includes barrel vaulting. There are two vaults one above the other. The lower vault covers the underlying cellar which has three rooms. The end room in the cellar and deepest includes a fresh water well. The first room, entered from an open arched doorway includes square holes in the vaulted ceiling that allowed butter to be easily dropped into the cellar for storage. Above the cellar vault is a second vaulted ceiling that currently houses the bathroom. The farm in the past was a center of production, including clay, slate, salted bacon, butter and a large mill for grinding corn.
Location and Terrain.
The area surrounding the village is riddled with steep wooded valleys, presumably cut during one of the last ice ages. The village itself sits on a plateau where two valleys meet, the Eastern Cleddau and a tributary that originates near the small village of Llandelio. The underlining geology consists of large quantities of slate and small amounts of sandstone. Evidence of glaciation is also seen from large banks of gravel and sand situated to the east of the village which form deep drainage seeps from which discharges excellent spring water.
The springs emerge in boggy land at the base of the gravel banks where deposits of blue boulder clay, known by the natives as "indiarubber clay" can also be found. Clay pits close to the farm houses of Llangolman Farm (still visible) and Llyn are evidence that the clay was extracted on a significant scale at some time in the past. 
The valley sides have largely been saved from deforestation due to their steepness and some evidence of old forest exists along the western side of the Llandelio tributary. Otters have been seen in the rivers. Of historical interest is a surviving and working hydraulic ram that pumps water to the local farm called Ffynnon Sampson (which in translation means Samson's Well).
Industry.
The current landscape within which the village sits is entirely rural. As such the bulk of income generated by the local economy is a combination of farming and tourism. Tourism includes both local bed and breakfast and rented cottages while the local farming industry is a combination of dairy, cattle and sheep. Of more interest and of historical importance is the slate quarrying industry. Geologically the area has a seam of Lakeland green slate running roughly east-west along the Taf Valley. This slate is of volcanic ash origin and of Ordovician date. The slate is generally of a greenish-gray or light blue colour. This slate was often used, in addition to roofing, for covering exposed walls to keep out moisture. Until the 1970s, the outer walls of Llangolman Farm were covered in hanging slates. 
The slate itself was exploited at least as early as 1860 with the largest quarry being at Dandderwen (known as Whitland Abbey Slate after the name of the company which exploited it). There is some suggestion that the Gilfach quarry may have been worked as early as the 16th century. It is also claimed that the slate used on the roof of the Houses of Parliament, when rebuild in the 1830s, originated from the Gilfach quarry. Much of the slate industry went into decline after the 1890s and by the 1930s most were closed due to competition from cheaper sources. Gilfach quarry on the eastern side of the Eastern Cleddau was still in operation until 1987.
There are many smaller workings dotted amongst the landscape. Many of these quarries are located in the steep sided valley that carries the western tributary from Llaneilo that joins the Eastern Cleddau. Many of these quarries are located near Llangolman Farm with one of the quarries located immediately north of the farmhouse.
Schools.
There are no schools in Llangolman village. Children from Llangolman would either go to Maenclochog about 2.5 miles away or until 1964 they would walk to the slightly closer school at Nant y Cwm (1.7 miles away). Nant y Cwm closed in 1964 but reopened in 1979 as a Steiner School.

</doc>
<doc id="9761936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761936" title="Charles Stockton">
Charles Stockton

Charles Herbert Stockton (October 13, 1845–May 31, 1924) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy and the U.S. Navy's first uniformed expert in International Law.
Early life and education.
The son of Reverend William Rodgers Stockton and his wife, Emma Trout Gross Stockton, Charles Stockton was educated at Germantown Academy and Freeland Academy before entering the United States Naval Academy, then temporarily located at Newport, Rhode Island. He graduated from the Academy in 1865.
Naval career.
Stockton served on the North Pacific Station, 1865–69, then in the sloop , flagship of the European Squadron, 1870-73. After instruction at the Naval Torpedo Station at Newport, Rhode Island, in 1873, he had a variety of ship and shore duties relating to that area, served at the Hydrographic Office, 1875–76, and lectured at the Naval War College, 1887-88. In 1890-91, he commanded the steam whaler , the first vessel to follow the entire coastline of Alaska, and published an article (1890) on this cruise in the new National Geographic Magazine as well as technical papers on Bering Strait ice conditions, before cruising off El Salvador and Guatemala during the 1890 war. In 1891, he became President of the Naval War College and supervised construction of its first, purpose-built building, Luce Hall. In 1892-93, he handed the completed building over to its returning president, Alfred Thayer Mahan, and became the College's lecturer in International Law, completing Harvard Professor Freeman Snow's unfinished book on the subject in 1895. After commanding the gunboat on the Asiatic Station, 1895–97, he returned to become President, Naval War College, 1898-1900. Recognized as the U.S. Navy's first uniformed expert on international law, he remained at the College until 1901 to write the first code of Law of Naval Warfare. He commanded the battleship , 1901–03, and served as U.S. naval attaché in London, 1903-05.
Civilian career.
Stockton retired as a serving naval officer in 1907, and, in 1908-09, was appointed as First U.S. Delegate to the London Naval Conference that resulted in the London Declaration concerning the Laws of Naval War. Upon his return from London, he became President, The George Washington University, 1910-1918. On stepping down from that post, Stockton continued as lecturer in International Law at The George Washington University until 1921. He is commemorated in Stockton Hall at The George Washington University and in the academic chair occupied by the Charles H. Stockton Professor of International Law at the U.S. Naval War College.
Personal life.
Stockton married Cornelia Carter on 23 June 1875. Less than a year later, on 1 July 1876, Cornelia died, the day after giving birth to their daughter, Cornelia Carter Stockton. Stockton married Pauline Lethilhon on 23 November 1880, and had two further children; Herbert King Stockton (b. 1882) and Helen King Stockton (b. 1886).

</doc>
<doc id="9761952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761952" title="Jack McCarthy">
Jack McCarthy

Jack McCarthy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9761957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761957" title="Ballston Spa High School">
Ballston Spa High School

Ballston Spa High School is a public high school located in Ballston Spa, New York. It is part of the Ballston Spa Central School District, which covers the towns of Ballston, Milton, and Malta in Saratoga County. The mascot is the Scottie dog, dedicated to long-time athletic director/coach Coach William R. Scott. The school colors are and Gold but the complementary (alternative) color of black is often used.
The high school was shifted to a new building in 1998; it remains on the same campus as the previous high school, which now functions as a middle school. Prior to moving to current complex in the 1950s, Ballston Spa High School was located in what is now Malta Avenue Elementary School. Graduating class sizes range from 300 to 400, resulting in a total student population of around 1,400.
Courses.
Ballston Spa offers a variety of courses in many fields. Students may take advanced courses in math, science or technology, or focus more on the arts.
Advisory periods.
Each academic department maintains an "advisory room" and each teacher advisory hours. Similar to a professor's office hours at college, these are provided so that students can seek help during their study halls.
Advanced Coursework.
Beginning in the middle school, students have the opportunity to accelerate in several subject areas. This program continues into the high school, where classes have various levels to meet each student's individual academic needs. Many classes are also offered as Advanced Placement courses to students who wish to challenge themselves and earn college credit.
In addition to AP courses, Ballston Spa offers special college classes, in which students are presented with college level material and may gain credit from local colleges. Although enrollment into the college is not required to take a class, it is required to gain college credit for the class. Students are charged a reduced fee to enroll in the college course. Ballston Spa is also very open-minded in regards to independent studies, including online coursework. Updated course information is provided in the Guidance section of the high school website, available at www.bscsd.org .
IB courses.
Ballston Spa offers students the International Baccalaureate curriculum as of the fall of 2012.
Requirements.
Updated course requirements and more information is provided in the Guidance section of the high school website, available at www.bscsd.org .
Schedule.
Ballston Spa operates on a rotating block schedule, where eight scheduling blocks (classes) are distributed over four six-period days. Classes are divided between morning and afternoon classes, which rotate separately through the first three and last three periods, with fourth period having an extra half hour built in for lunches. Students are placed in one of three lunches, depending on which class is scheduled during that period. Although students report issues with schedule memorization, the schedule offers many benefits: days are more varied than in a simple A Day/B Day schedule, and not tying it directly to weekdays allows for more flexibility.
Athletics.
Ballston Spa's athletic program is a member of the Suburban Council. Ballston Spa offers many sports at the Modified, Freshman, Junior Varsity, and Varsity level for both boys and girls. The currently offered Varsity sports are:
Varsity Boys' Teams
Varsity Girls' Teams
The Athletics section of the website contains a wealth of information on the athletics programs in the district, and is accessed through www.bscsd.org.
Arts.
Ballston Spa's arts program is and has a large number of motivated student participants. In school students can choose from a wide range of art, music theory/history, and performance oriented classes, which take advantage of Ballston Spa's art facilities, including a dark room, several kilns, and a well-equipped auditorium/theatre.
Performing groups.
A number of musical performing groups are offered through the music department, including a
Symphonic Band along with an audition-only Wind Ensemble, a String Orchestra and Jazz Band directed by Mrs. Deragon.
Also, a Concert and Women's Choirs along with the audition-only Select Choir.
These groups perform at least twice a year, with concerts in December and May, occasionally performing at a special concert in March. Members from the groups also use their musical talents in the community on a regular basis, organized mainly by Ballston Spa's chapter of the Tri-M Music Honor Society. Members of the band, for example, have performed on the street corners and Maplewood Manor, a local nursing home, around Christmas, while chorus members have gone caroling both in downtown Ballston Spa and at a local respite home.
Some also consider the Intro to Theatre and Intro to Acting classes as performing groups, as students in these classes put on a "Scene Night" for both their midterm and final exams. For Scene Night, students prepare scenes that they either wrote themselves or found in plays that they read, and then perform them live for an audience in January and again in June.
Troupe.
Ballston Spa's extracurricular theatre club is known as "Troupe", and current director Laurie Larson puts on two shows a year, the fall show typically being a smaller show or drama and the spring show being a large musical. 
2007 marked the retirement of longtime director Pat Pacelli, with whom Larson would switch on and off with. Before Larson joined the district in 2000, Pacelli had been the sole director since the early 90's. She had acted as first choreographer and then producer for Don Mitola, the previous director, taking over the directing position when he retired. Pacelli herself had attended Ballston Spa, and had been involved in theatre as a student.
The Troupe was originally a separate group from the school-sponsored theatre club. Its origin, in 1977, was as a small traveling performance group with the goal of interesting elementary students in theatre. This group was spawned from the highly successful school theatre program, as was the "Spa Theatre Company." All of these groups were under the direction of Don Mitola and Harry Smith. In the 1980s the school program adopted the Troupe name and logo as its own.
Extracurricular.
Ballston Spa offers a plethora of after-school clubs and activities. These include
Of note are several academic-related teams. Ballston Spa's Science Olympiad team, advised by physics teachers, placed fourth in regionals for the 2006 season, and has frequently gone to state competitions. Of more recent note, the team placed 3rd at regionals and a new school record of 23rd in states for the 2008 season. The team also finished 3rd in the 2010 season. The Mock Trial team, advised by a history teacher, also has a good record, placing well in the 2006-2007 season. A Biology teacher runs the Envirothon team, which placed very well at states in the 2007 season. Ballston Spa also has an Odyssey of the Mind team.
National Honor Society.
The Ballston Spa Chapter of the National Honor Society contains over fifty members from the Junior and Senior classes and is very active in the Ballston Spa community.
Student life.
Throughout the year, student groups sponsor a wide variety of fundraisers and activities, such as the Homecoming Chicken BBQ, Pizza and Wings Night (area pizza places are invited to send in samples, and students vote for their favorite), Amnesty International sponsored Coffeehouses, the Talent Show, the annual Foreign Language Lip-Sync night, a "Mr. Ballstonian" contest, and Ballstonian Idol (an American Idol parody). These events have been known to gather large audiences and are popular among the students. Dances are held yearly at Ballston Spa. The first two, Homecoming and Fire and Ice (held homecoming weekend and mid-February, respectively), are sponsored by the Congress of Student Legislators, while the Senior Prom is put on in mid-late may, typically at SPAC's Hall of Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="9761963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761963" title="Trophée du Conseil Général">
Trophée du Conseil Général

The Trophée du Conseil Général is a knockout tournament of the Martinique football.

</doc>
<doc id="9761968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761968" title="Acacia (disambiguation)">
Acacia (disambiguation)

Acacia is a genus of shrubs and trees of Gondwanian origin, belonging to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae. (Not to be confused with akasha.)
It has also on occasion been used as the common name, or part of the common name, of other closely related plants, such as some species of "Robinia".
Acacia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9761976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761976" title="Entekhab">
Entekhab

Entekhab (Persian: انتخاب "Choice") was a high circulation newspaper of Iran. The publisher of the paper was Mohammad Mahdi Faghihi a close advisor to Ali Khamenei, the Supreme Leader of Iran, and a board member on The Islamic Propagation Office of the Islamic Seminary of Qom.
The paper still operates an online version.

</doc>
<doc id="9761978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761978" title="Anchor Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Anchor Township, McLean County, Illinois

Anchor Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 286 and it contained 139 housing units. Anchor Township formed from Cropsey Township in 1877.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9761981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761981" title="Ebenezer Bible College">
Ebenezer Bible College

Ebenezer Bible College The Ebenezer Bible Institute was established, by the late Pastor Chacko Mani, in 1969 at Kumily in Idukki District of Kerala. In 1979, it was moved to the campus having road and rail facilities at Kaduthuruthy beside the Kottayam- Ernakulam highway. Kaduthuruthy-Mannar, Kottayam district, Kerala, India. It is accredited to grant Dip.Th.(Malayalam & English), B.Th. (Eng) and M.Div. (Eng) degrees.
History.
Ebenezer Bible College was founded in 1969 at Kumily and is now sited at Kaduthuruthy, Kottayam.
Ebenezer Bible College was founded by Pastor Chacko Mani.
References.
www.ebenezerbiblecollege.org
www.atainidia.org
www.ataasia.com

</doc>
<doc id="9761995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9761995" title="Tom Alan Robbins">
Tom Alan Robbins

Tom Alan Robbins is an American actor. He recently returned to the role of Pumba in "The Lion King", a role he originated at its Broadway opening. Before returning to The Lion King, he appeared in the Broadway production of "Is He Dead?", a comedy written by Mark Twain, as Hans von Bismarck, a role which he originated in 2007. He has been on television shows including "Seinfeld", "NYPD Blue", and "Law & Order".
Robbins so far has appeared in the Original Broadway casts of "The Lion King", "The Threepenny Opera", "Jerome Robbins' Broadway", "Sunset Boulevard", "Once Upon a Mattress", and "Is He Dead?". National Tour credits: Thenardier in "Les Misérables".
Off- Broadway Credits: "On the Verge", "Isn't It Romantic?", "The Rise and Rise of Daniel Rocket", "The Cradle Will Rock". NYSF: "Henry V". Series Regular: "Baby Talk". Alumnus: The Acting Company.
Tom graduated from Lehman High School in Canton, Ohio. Tom graduated from The Juilliard School. He is married to Leslie Geraci.

</doc>
<doc id="9762005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762005" title="Guillermo Navarro">
Guillermo Navarro

Guillermo Navarro, ASC, A.M.C. (born 1955) is a Mexican cinematographer. He has worked in Hollywood since 1993 and is a frequent collaborator of Guillermo del Toro and Robert Rodriguez. In 2006 he won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for the film, "Pan's Labyrinth". His work often features very vivid blues and yellows which often take up most of the image, and the film's grain structure often switches between well-defined and sharp, and somewhat smoothed over or very fine. His filmography runs the gamut from small arthouse films to big-budget action films. Navarro's directing debut is a 2012 music video for musician Mia Maestro titled "Blue Eyed Sailor", co-directed with media artist Juan Azulay, also featuring son Alvaro Navarro's cinematography.

</doc>
<doc id="9762007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762007" title="Arrowsmith Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Arrowsmith Township, McLean County, Illinois

Arrowsmith Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 502 and it contained 203 housing units. Arrowsmith Township is named for Ezekiel Arrowsmith (1811–1894), the first supervisor of the township. The township was originally called "Pleasant", but since there was already a Pleasant Township in Illinois, the name was changed in honor of the first superintendent. Arrowsmith Township changed its name from Pleasant Township on May 17, 1858.
The village of Arrowsmith is located in this township. Illinois Route 9 follows the northern boundary of the township. The Horizon Wind Energy Twin Groves Wind Farm is roughly centered in Arrowsmith township. Twin Groves is the largest utility-scale wind farm east of the Mississippi River.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9762025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762025" title="Laurel Springs School">
Laurel Springs School

Laurel Springs School is a WASC-accredited K–12 distance learning school in Ojai, California, United States. Laurel Springs School offers personalized resources, customizable curricula, individualized teacher services, college advising and other services to families attending public and private school who are looking for another option; distance learning and home education students; students pursuing acting or sports careers; families living abroad; home school families; private and public schools and tutoring centers.
Laurel Springs High School received the United Nations Global 500 Roll of Honour Award in 1990.
Grades K-12.
Required hours of schoolwork

</doc>
<doc id="9762030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762030" title="F1 submachine gun">
F1 submachine gun

The 9 mm F1 was a standard Australian submachine gun manufactured by the Lithgow Small Arms Factory. First issued to Australian troops in July 1963, it replaced the Owen machine carbine. The F1 was retired in the early 1990s and replaced by the F88C Austeyr, an Australian-built version of the Steyr AUG rifle with slight modifications. The F1 had a robust and simple design and proved useful in close-quarter fighting during the Vietnam War. Malaysia bought a small number of the F1 but this only totalled 28 in number.
Design details.
The F1 is a simple blowback design firing from an open bolt with a fixed firing pin. It shares many design features with the British Sterling submachine gun. Unlike both the Sterling and its predecessor, the Owen, the F1 has a removable wooden butt and pistol grip. A curved detachable 34 round box magazine is inserted in a magazine housing on top of the barrel, similar to the earlier and popular Australian Owen gun. The top mounted magazine is unobtrusive for carry and when lying prone. Lightning fast magazine changes can be made, it has the added advantage of only needing a light spring being no harder to load than a .22 magazine not requiring special mag fillers like its contemporaries and to be less likely to jam than a bottom mounted magazine. The ejection port is directly under the magazine and provided a trap for the unwary user; should the user allow their hand to move back to the port, the bolt moving forwards will 'bite' the web of the hand. The butt-plate and pistol-grip are identical to those on the L1A1 SLR as well as the capability of adapting SLR bayonets.
The trigger is a two stage pull, half back semi auto, pull and hold back gives full auto requiring a safety catch only easily operated by the thumb.
There is a small guard fitted forward of the ejection port to protect the forward hand.
The left mounted cocking handle has a tab that when presed locks into the bolt enabling it to be worked back and forward to clear fouling.
Stripping is simple, Safety on remove magazine, cock and hold bolt open rotate to left inspect bolt face and chamber, release bolt under control.
Grab butt press catch on bottom of receiver with other hand rotate butt to left 90 degree pull off, remove spring, release safety tip barrel up pull trigger bolt slides out. Assemble in reverse.
Suggested ranges for use were 25 meters from the hip snap shooting 100 meters using sights.
Because of the vertical magazine the sights of the F1 were offset to the right of the weapon requiring a slight head tilt to the right, the rear sight being a roughly triangular asymmetrical metal flap with a round aperture, the foresight being a blade mounted on the right side of the weapon's magazine well.
Accessories.
The Complete Equipment Schedule (CES) for the F1 included:

</doc>
<doc id="9762036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762036" title="Bellflower Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Bellflower Township, McLean County, Illinois

Bellflower Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 585 and it contained 267 housing units. Bellflower Township changed its name from Prairie Township on May 17, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9762038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762038" title="UAZ Patriot">
UAZ Patriot

UAZ Patriot is a mid-size CUV from the UAZ division of SeverstalAvto. It was introduced in 2005. Extensive use of third-party parts (which finally allowed UAZ to replace its notorious transmission with a better, Korean-manufactured one), large capacity, good off road capabilities and affordable price (<15,000 USD) predicted good sales in Russia. 12,011 units were sold in the year 2007.
The unique SUV accommodates five adults and carry about 200 kg cargo.
Versions.
In October 2011, UAZ announced the release of limited-edition SUV in honor of the 70th anniversary of the plant. Cars of the anniversary series will be different exterior and interior trim.
In May 2012, the plant had a restyled model UAZ Patriot. Fully refreshed dashboard. Disappeared handle for the front passenger in the dashboard. There is a new, more secure trauma four-spoke steering wheel from the German manufacturer Takata-Petri. Radio cassette is now installed and dimension available 2DIN have USB-connector for flash-drives.
In August 2013, UAZ started production of renewed Patriot with new transfer case Dymos, which has electronic control.

</doc>
<doc id="9762048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762048" title="Tsidii Le Loka">
Tsidii Le Loka

Tsidii Le Loka (Lesotho, April 3, 1968) is an actress, vocalist and composer from South Africa and The Kingdom of Lesotho. She is best known for originating the role of Rafiki in the original Broadway production of Disney's stage musical, "The Lion King".
Theatre.
Prior to coming to the United States, The Star Newspaper named Tsidii one of the most promising artists in South Africa. Tsidii collaborated and performed as a guest star in various productions including "Riverdance" on Broadway, in which she shared the stage with Irish star Brian Kennedy; and in "Canciones Antes una Guerra / Songs Before the War" (Maria Pages' Flamenco Company ) which toured Spain and Italy and won best show of the Seville Bi-Centinial Flamenco Festival (XIII Bienal De Flamenco de Sevilla). With the invitation of her now-deceased mentor Anneline Malebo (former lead singer of the female trio JOY), Tsidii started her career as a member of the newly formed South African Trio "Shadiii" with Anneline Malebo and Faith Kekana.
In 1997, Le Loka originated the role of Rafiki in the first Broadway cast of "The Lion King", produced by Disney and directed by Julie Taymor. For her performance, Tsidii received the Drama Desk Award, Drama League Award and Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical, and garnered a Tony Award nomination. Tsidii was the only performer in "The Lion King" to also compose a piece, "Rafiki Mourns". She has also been awarded the Ivor Novello Award for International Achievement in Musical Theatre from The British Academy of Composers and Songwriters (the first woman of Southern African original to receive this award).
Other work.
Le Loka's film and TV credits include roles in two made-for-television movies, "Rose Red" and "The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer" and "Law And Order". Her television special "Caught In The Act" on WGBY won an Iris Award for best local program. The television special "Tsidii Le Loka In Concert" aired on TBS. She was invited to perform at Dr. Nelson Mandela's first International Press Conference in Johannesburg after his release from prison. Tsidii holds two degrees: BA Economics and BA Music (both with honors from The University Of Massachusetts, Amherst)and a Diploma in Speech and Drama from The Trinity College of Music, London.
Family history.
On her maternal side, Tsidii is a South African 'princess'. She is a descendant of the violent Langalibalele, a 19th-century amaHlubi king.

</doc>
<doc id="9762053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762053" title="Mountain City Four">
Mountain City Four

The Mountain City Four were a Canadian folk music group, based in Montreal and active from –. The group consisted of Jack Nissenson, Peter Weldon, Kate McGarrigle and Anna McGarrigle.
In addition to the role of the McGarrigle sisters in the band, they are primarily remembered for popularizing a number of songs by Wade Hemsworth, including the National Film Board animated short "The Log Driver's Waltz", as well as for Nissenson's recording of an early Bob Dylan concert in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="9762057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762057" title="Tubeless tire">
Tubeless tire

Tubeless tires or tyres (in some Commonwealth Nations) are pneumatic tires that do not require a separate inner tube. 
Unlike traditional pneumatic tires which use a separate inner tube, tubeless tires have continuous ribs molded integrally into the bead of the tire so that they are forced by the pressure of the air inside the tire to seal with the flanges of the metal rim of the wheel.
History.
Many patents had been filed covering tubeless tires. "Killen Tire" applied for a patent in 1928 and was granted in the UK in 1930. The Wingfoot Corporation, a subsidiary of Goodyear Tire were granted a patent in South Africa in 1944. Due to technical problems, most of these designs only saw limited production or were abandoned.
Frank Herzegh working for BF Goodrich applied for a patent in 1946 and eventually received in 1952 in the United States. By 1955 tubeless tires became standard equipment on new cars. BF Goodrich had to defend their patent in court several times, due to the similarities of previous designs. The primary difference between the BF Goodrich design and their predecessors was the usage of butyl rubber, which was more resistant to air leakage than the natural rubber used in the other designs.
Safety.
Traditional designs of pneumatic tires required a separate inner tube which could fail for a number of reasons, such as incorrect tire fit, friction between the tire wall and inner tube generating excess heat or puncture. Tubeless tire technology does away with the need for an inner tube thereby increasing safety. In a tubeless tire, the tire and the rim of the wheel form an airtight seal, with the valve being directly mounted on the rim. If a tubeless tire gets a small puncture, air escapes only through the hole, leading to a gentle deflation. Conversely, an inner tube could potentially burst like a balloon, leading to a rapid deflation of the tire which could result in sudden loss of control of the vehicle.
Tire sealants.
Liquid tire sealant can be added to tubeless tires to prevent deflation in case of small punctures.
Bicycle tires.
A tubeless bicycle tire system requires a compatible tire, an airtight rim — capable of being sealed at the valve stem, spoke holes (if they go all the way through the rim) and the tire bead seat. The main benefit of tubeless tires is the ability to use low air pressure for better traction without getting pinch flats because there is no tube to pinch between the rim and an obstacle.
UST.
"UST" or "Universal System Tubeless" is a rim designed by Mavic with hooked edges designed to seal with specially designed tires. Several companies such as Michelin and Hutchinson make tires compatible with UST rims. UST is the most common system of tubeless tires/rims for bicycle use. Bontrager has a very similar system called "TLR" or "Tubeless Ready".
Road tubeless.
In 2006, Shimano and Hutchinson introduced a tubeless system for road bicycles. Tubeless tires have not yet gained popular acceptance in road racing due to lack of sponsorship, the tradition of using tubular tires and the fact that, even without the innertube, the combined weight of tubeless rims and tires is more than top-of-the-line tubular tire wheelsets.
External links.
Brought material from Tubeless tyre Heavy copyedit - work in progress

</doc>
<doc id="9762060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762060" title="Kirk Olivadotti">
Kirk Olivadotti

Kirk Olivadotti (born January 1, 1974) is an American football coach who has worked for teams such as the Maine Maritime Academy, Indiana State University, the Washington Redskins, and the University of Georgia. Olivadotti was the longest-tenured member of the Redskins' coaching staff, having worked with their defense for eleven seasons before leaving to be the linebackers coach for the Bulldogs in 2011.
Early life.
Olivadotti was born in Wilmington, Delaware to his father Tom Olivadotti. Now retired, Tom spent 40 years coaching football at the high school, college, and professional levels, the latter consisting of 21 years as a defensive coach for NFL teams such as the Cleveland Browns (1985–1986), the Miami Dolphins (1987–1995), the Minnesota Vikings (1996–1999), the New York Giants (2000–2003), and the Houston Texans (2004–2005).
Olivadotti attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida from 1988 to 1992, where he played wide receiver on the school's football team. He then went on to Purdue University where he received a Bachelor's degree in Education, followed by a Master's degree in Education Administration. While at Purdue, Olivadotti played as wide receiver and was a four-year letter winner from 1993 to 1996.
Coaching.
Olivadotti began his coaching career at the college level, working with the Maine Maritime Academy's wide receivers and tight ends in 1997. He then spent two seasons (1998–1999) working as an assistant coach at Indiana State University. 
In 2000, Olivadotti began coaching the Washington Redskins' defense. His time with the team would last for eleven seasons, making him the longest-tenured coach on the Redskins' staff at the time of his leave. He worked in various positions, including defensive backs assistant (2002–2003), defensive quality control (2000–2001; 2004–2005), special teams assistant (2004–2006), defensive line (2006), linebackers coach (2007–2009), and defensive assistant (2010). While working as a linebackers coach, Olivadotti tutored two linebackers, London Fletcher and Brian Orakpo, to their first Pro Bowl, the all-star game of the National Football League.
In February 2011, Olivadotti was hired by University of Georgia coach Mark Richt to be the Bulldogs' new linebackers coach. He filled the spot vacated by Warren Belin when he left for the Carolina Panthers. Olivadotti's father, Tom, had previously coached with University of Georgia defensive coordinator Todd Grantham for the Houston Texans. On January 16, 2014, it was announced that Olivadotti had rejoined the Redskin's staff, slotted to become their inside linebacker coach.
Personal life.
Olivadotti married Keely Carter from West Lafayette, Indiana in February 2001. They have two children. 
The family lived in Ashburn, Virginia while Olivadotti coached the Washington Redskins, However, during his appointment to the Georgia Bulldogs, Olivadotti and his family moved to Athens, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9762063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762063" title="Marist High School (New Jersey)">
Marist High School (New Jersey)

Marist High School is a private Roman Catholic co-educational college preparatory secondary school located in Bayonne, New Jersey, United States, and operated by the Marist Brothers of the Schools, an international religious congregation of educators with schools in over 70 countries. It is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1978.
As of the 2009-10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 444 students and 29.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.9:1.
History.
Marist first opened its doors in September, 1954, with Brother Leo Sylvius serving as the school's first principal., In 1962, the present campus was acquired to accommodate the school's growth after negotiations led by Brother Leo to acquire land owned by the City of Bayonne, and on April 23, 1964, ground was broken for a new building which would tie together existing buildings on the campus. A modern structure was constructed with 24 classrooms, lecture rooms and laboratories for physics, chemistry, biology and earth science, an art studio, a computer center, and a weight room. A library with a complete audio-visual department, a guidance complex with a career resource center, together with a large gymnasium-auditorium complex and cafeteria were also included as part of the new school building. In 1977, additional land was acquired for expanding the school's athletic facilities. In 1995, an athletic field was built in back of the school.
In 1986, due to changing demographics, Marist decided to open its doors to young women and became a co-educational high school. Students from throughout Hudson and Essex counties and the surrounding metropolitan area attend the school. Marist is established primarily for Catholic students.
Athletics.
The Marist High School Royal Knights / Lady Knights compete in the Hudson County Interscholastic League, which includes private and parochial high schools in Hudson County, operating operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
The football team won the NJSIAA Non-Public Group III state sectional championship in 1994. The team's current head coach is Larry Arico, former head coach at Fairleigh Dickinson University and William Paterson University.
Champagnat Scholars Program.
Marist High School is known for their Champagnat Scholars Program (CSP). This program is for very gifted and academically inclined students. Students (in as early as their Freshman Year) can obtain college credits by taking Advanced Placement classes offered at Marist. Currently, there are about 30 students in CSP.

</doc>
<doc id="9762069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762069" title="Bloomington Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Bloomington Township, McLean County, Illinois

Bloomington Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,851 and it contained 1,127 housing units. it is adjacent to the city of Bloomington.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.81%) is land and (or 0.19%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9762083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762083" title="Geoff Hoyle">
Geoff Hoyle

Geoff Hoyle (born April 15, 1945) is an English performer who originated the role of Zazu in the Broadway theatre production of "The Lion King." Hoyle has also performed in vaudeville shows, worked with Bill Irwin in "The Pickle Family Circus", performed with Cirque Du Soleil's Nouvelle Expérience, and performed with the Revels.
In 2002, Hoyle performed in "Feast of Fools" at the La Jolla Playhouse in San Diego, California.
In 2007, Hoyle performs in Teatro ZinZanni in both its Seattle, Washington and San Francisco, California venues.
In July/August 2009, Hoyle will perform the role of Alfred Doolittle as a special guest in Lamplighters Music Theatre's My Fair Lady. Dates are scheduled in the Bay Area of California.
Geoff's son Dan Hoyle has become a well-respected live theater actor in both San Francisco and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9762098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762098" title="Blue Mound Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Blue Mound Township, McLean County, Illinois

Blue Mound Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 441 and it contained 202 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9762105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762105" title="Tracy Nicole Chapman">
Tracy Nicole Chapman

Tracy Nicole Chapman is an actress. She is probably best known for originating the role of Shenzi in the Broadway production of "The Lion King". She also appeared on Broadway in, The Who's Tommy "Caroline, or Change". Cy Coleman's The Life. Other theatre credits include the Broadway revivals of "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying", "The Music Man", and "Into the Woods". She also toured with Jelly's Last Jam, Dreamgirls and Once On This Island.

</doc>
<doc id="9762137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762137" title="Cheney's Grove Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Cheney's Grove Township, McLean County, Illinois

Cheney's Grove Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 997 and it contained 454 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9762138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762138" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Overall">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Overall

Men's Overall World Cup 1989/1990
In Men's Overall World Cup all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9762145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762145" title="Bill Lazor">
Bill Lazor

William V. Lazor (born June 14, 1972) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the offensive coordinator for the Miami Dolphins. Lazor has previously served as the quarterbacks coach for the Washington Redskins and Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He played collegiately as a quarterback at Cornell University from 1991 to 1993.
Playing career.
Lazor played football at Cornell before graduating in 1994. He was a three-year starting quarterback and graduated with 26 passing and total offensive program records.
Coaching career.
Atlanta Falcons.
Lazor entered the NFL coaching ranks in 2003 under head coach Dan Reeves as the Atlanta Falcons offensive quality control coach.
Washington Redskins.
Lazor spent four seasons with the Washington Redskins, two of which were spent as the quarterbacks coach for legendary head coach Joe Gibbs. During the 2004 and 2005 seasons, Lazor served as an offensive assistant.
Seattle Seahawks.
Lazor coached quarterbacks for two seasons with the Seattle Seahawks under head coaches Mike Holmgren and Jim Mora, Jr.
University of Virginia.
On January 28, 2010, Lazor was officially announced as the new offensive coordinator of the University of Virginia Cavaliers.
Philadelphia Eagles.
On January 29, 2013, Lazor accepted a position with the Philadelphia Eagles as the quarterbacks coach, coaching alongside Chip Kelly.
Miami Dolphins.
On January 15, 2014, Lazor was named offensive coordinator of the Miami Dolphins. 
Personal life.
Lazor earned his Bachelor's Degree in Human Development and Family Studies from Cornell in 1994. He is married to wife Nicole, with whom he has a son, Nolan, and two daughters, Marin and Charlotte.

</doc>
<doc id="9762150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762150" title="What a piece of work is a man">
What a piece of work is a man

The phrase "What a piece of work is a man!" comes from Shakespeare's "Hamlet, Prince of Denmark", Act II, Scene 2, and it is often used in reference to the whole speech containing the line.
The speech.
The monologue, spoken in the play by Prince Hamlet to Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, follows in its entirety. Rather than appearing in blank verse, the typical mode of composition of Shakespeare's plays, the speech appears in straight prose:
Differences between texts.
The speech was fully omitted from Nicholas Ling's 1603 First Quarto, which reads simply:
This version has been argued to have been a bad quarto, a tourbook copy, or an initial draft. By the 1604 Second Quarto, the speech is essentially present but punctuated differently:
Then, by the 1623 First Folio, it appeared as:
J. Dover Wilson, in his notes in the "New Shakespeare" edition, observed that the Folio text "involves two grave difficulties", namely that according to Elizabethan thought angels could apprehend but not act, making "in action how like an angel" nonsensical, and that "express" (which as an adjective means "direct and purposive") makes sense applied to "action", but goes very awkwardly with "form and moving".
Sources.
Scholars have pointed out this section's similarities to lines written by Montaigne:
However, rather than being a direct influence on Shakespeare, Montaigne may have merely been reacting to the same general atmosphere of the time, making the source of these lines one of context rather than direct influence.
References in later works of fiction and music.
In the Reduced Shakespeare Company's production "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged)", the more famous solliloquy, "To be, or not to be," is omitted from the Hamlet portion of the production, not for time constraints, or because the speech is so well known, but because the group states that they dislike the speech for momentum and motivation reasons. The "What a piece of work is a man" speech is delivered in its stead.

</doc>
<doc id="9762157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762157" title="Follow My Heart">
Follow My Heart

"Follow My Heart" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English, Polish, German, Russian and Spanish by Ich Troje and Real McCoy. This was the fourth year in succession that the Polish entry featured multiple languages; however, only in 2003 had the entry (also performed by Ich Troje) featured more than two languages.
Musically, the song is inspired by the Eurodance style of the 1990s, a style with which Real McCoy (the name only being applied to "O-Jay" Jeglitza following the dissolution of the band) is associated. In keeping with this style, Ich Troje's verses and choruses are sung, while Jeglitza performs a rap somewhat reminiscent of his band's earlier hit "Come And Get Your Love".
Lyrically, Jeglitza begins with a bilingual (Spanish and English) rap in which he tells a girl that "you're the one for me/Your love made me a believer" and asks her to "take my gasolina". Michał Wiśniewski then sings in Polish, begging his lover to "let me at least touch your hands", and tells her "I'll get to your heart, do you want it?" At this point, the lyrics switch to English, and feature all the members of Ich Troje singing that they will follow their hearts in order to be guided towards their lovers. After another Spanish rap from Jeglitza, Wiśniewski switches to German to sing that love can enable one to see the truth, before the band then sings in Russian that one must always listen to one's heart. The final chorus is then delivered in English again.
At the Contest, the members of Ich Troje were dressed flamboyantly in costumes inspired by European aristocracy of the 18th century. A number of them also wore or carried masquerade masks, continuing with the lyrical theme of masking one's true feelings.
Unusually, Jeglitza performed his parts from among the audience, rather than onstage with the rest of the group, only joining them at the end of the song. Wiśniewski ended the performance by bending down to draw attention to his wife Wiśniewska's pregnancy.
As Poland had not ended the 2005 Contest in the top ten, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed twelfth (following Macedonia's Elena Risteska with "Ninanajna" and preceding Russia's Dima Bilan with "Never Let You Go"). At the close of voting, it had received 70 points, placing 11th in a field of 23 and missing out on qualification for the final by one place (and 6 points), thus requiring Poland to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2007 Contest by The Jet Set with "Time To Party".

</doc>
<doc id="9762159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762159" title="Training contract">
Training contract

A training contract is a compulsory period of practical training in a law firm for law graduates before they can qualify as a solicitor in the United Kingdom (UK), the Republic of Ireland, Australia or Hong Kong, or as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore. During the training period, the participant is known as a trainee solicitor or trainee lawyer (in Singapore).
A training contract can apply to any profession. In some 21st-century contracts, a small number of contracts are secured by an Agency who represents many training professionals. Otherwise training contracts can be negotiated locally.
United Kingdom.
In the UK a full-time training contract is normally for two years, and applicants must have first completed the Legal Practice Course. Trainee solicitors and training contracts were formerly known as articled clerks and articles of clerkship, respectively. In the UK, the barrister's equivalent is a twelve-month pupillage under a pupilmaster, in barristers' chambers.
Route.
To obtain a training contract, a graduate must apply for an opening for such position at a law firm usually a year or two in advance of the start of planned employment. A concern of the profession is that each year the number of applicants exceeds the number of contracts available. Graduates unable to obtain a training contract will have accrued sizeable debts with no guarantee of being able to qualify as a lawyer. In years past, it was common for aspiring lawyers to pay law firms to train them (a practice also common in other professions in the past, including officer positions in the Royal Navy).
Legal executives.
For a legal executive, who normally does not hold a law degree, a training contract is not normally required to qualify as a solicitor. They typically advance toward qualification by passing exams administered by the Chartered Institute of Legal Executives (CILEx), while working under the supervision of a solicitor.
Singapore.
In Singapore, a Practice Training Contract spans 6 months, and is normally undertaken after the applicant, who must be a "qualified person" under local legislation relating to the legal profession, has attended a 5 month practical law course, called Part B of Singapore Bar Examinations, and has passed the Bar examinations, although the reverse order is permissible.
A Practice Training Contract is a formal arrangement between a qualified person and a law practice for supervised training in relation to practicing law in Singapore. A qualified lawyer of at least 5 to 7 years' standing, known as a supervising solicitor, is responsible for the supervision of the practice trainee for the duration of the contract.
Upon the satisfactory completion of both the Practice Training Contract and Part B of the Singapore Bar Examinations, the qualified person is, subject to certain other requirements, eligible to be admitted to practice law as an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore (i.e. "called to the Singapore Bar").

</doc>
<doc id="9762164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762164" title="Coupe de Guadeloupe">
Coupe de Guadeloupe

The Coupe de Guadeloupe is the top knockout tournament of the Guadeloupe football.
Finals.
The list of cup finals: 

</doc>
<doc id="9762166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762166" title="Kevin Cahoon">
Kevin Cahoon

Kevin Cahoon is an American actor/singer/songwriter, born in Houston, Texas.
Child performer.
Cahoon began his performing career at the age of 5 as 'The World's Youngest Rodeo Clown', performing throughout the Texas and Oklahoma Rodeo Circuits, including many consecutive seasons at The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo at Houston's Astrodome and The Texas State High School Finals Rodeo, resulting in a Letter of Citation from then Texas Governor Bill Clements.
At 10, Cahoon began his acting career in his hometown of Houston, performing at such theaters as: Theatre Under the Stars, Stages, The Main Street Theatre, and The Houston Grand Opera. Notable productions include: the Anthony Newley/Leslie Bricusse musical "Chaplin", "Mame" opposite Marilyn Maye, and the controversial production of Charles Durang's "Sister Mary Ignatius Explains It All For You" at the then Tower Theatre. 
Cahoon apprenticed with TUTS' Humphrey's School of Musical Theatre, appeared in numerous commercials, and performed at the opening ceremonies of Houston's Wortham Center for the Performing Arts. 
He is featured in the book, "Theatre Under the Stars: Stars In Your Eyes" 
At 13, Cahoon won The Teen Male Vocalist Grand Championship on television's 'Star Search'. And went on to tour that summer in "The Stars of Star Search"
Education.
Cahoon majored in Acting at Houston's High School For The Performing and Visual Arts. He then went on to receive a BFA from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts at Circle In The Square.
Theatre.
After graduation Cahoon made his Broadway debut in The Who's "Tommy". On Broadway he has created the roles of Ed the Hyena in "The Lion King" directed by Julie Taymor, George in "The Wedding Singer", The Childcatcher in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", as well as the revival of "The Rocky Horror Show".
He left his role in "The Lion King" to perform the 8th show of the week for John Cameron Mitchell in the title role of Hedwig in "Hedwig and The Angry Inch" at The Jane Street Theater Off-Broadway, eventually taking over the role and starring as 'Hedwig' in Boston, The Edinburgh Festival in Scotland, and an extended eight month run at The Victoria Theatre in San Francisco. Kevin is also featured in the documentary film "Whether You Like It Or Not: The True Story of Hedwig".
Off-Broadway, Kevin originated the role of Phil D'Armano in Andrew Lippa's "The Wild Party" at The Manhattan Theatre Club. He also starred opposite Matthew Broderick in the Roundabout Theatre Company's revival of 'The Foreigner' for which he received a Lucille Lortel Award nomination for Outstanding Featured Actor. Other off-Broadway credits include "The Shaggs: Philosophy of the World" at Playwright's Horizon and the revival of Paula Vogel's "How I Learned to Drive" at Second Stage. 
For New York's City Center Encores! Series,he was seen as Woof in "Hair" and Peter in "Babes in Arms" and has performed regionally at The Berkshire Theatre Festival, NY Stage and Film, The Guthrie Theatre, and The Williamstown Theatre Festival. Other productions include the role of Hans Christian Andersen in the American premiere of Stephen Schwartz's "My Fairytale" for California's PCPA, "The Imaginary Invalid" at Bard Summerscape alongside Peter Dinklage, "Minsky's" at L.A.'s Ahmanson Theatre, and the all-male production of "A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To The Forum" directed by Jessica Stone.
Kevin is featured in the Original Cast Recordings of: "The Lion King", "The Rocky Horror Show", "The Wild Party", "Babes In Arms", "The Wedding Singer", and the soon to be released, "The Shaggs: Philosophy Of The World". 
He also appeared on the 1998, 2000, and 2006 Tony Awards.
Television and Film.
On television Kevin has portrayed Ross Rothman on "Six Degrees" (ABC) and Kermit Jones on "The Royale" (AMC). He has also guest starred on " The Mentalist " (CBS), "CSI" (CBS), "Modern Family" (ABC), "Franklin and Bash" (TNT), "NCIS" (CBS), "Canterbury's Law" (FOX), "Hope and Faith" (ABC), "Ed" (NBC), "Law and Order" (NBC) and "Law and Order: Criminal Intent" (NBC). On film he can be seen in Disney's "Mars Needs Moms", Woody Allen's "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion", Paul Reiser's "The Thing About My Folks", Adrienne Shelley's "Sudden Manhattan", Michael Knowle's "One Night", and "W.E." directed by Madonna. He also was featured in the Woody Allen short, "Sounds From A Town I Love", which was created for VH-1's "The Concert for NYC" after September 11, 2001.
Directing.
As a director Kevin has directed the productions of "Seussical", "Hairspray", "Grease", and "Annie" for The Bay Area Houston Ballet and Theatre. For his work at BAHBT, Cahoon received the Jete Society Honor in 2011. Cahoon directed the premiere production of "Grifftopia" starring and created by Griffin Newman and the debut productions of "Tastiskank", created by Kate Reinders and Sarah Litzsinger, which went on to win the Aspen Comedy Festival, both for the Ars Nova Theatre in NYC.
Music.
With his New York-based band "Kevin Cahoon and Ghetto Cowboy", Cahoon has played packed shows at many New York venues including CBGB's, Don Hill's, Ars Nova, Joe's Pub, and Irving Plaza. He has shared the bill with such artists as Tom Waits, Elvis Costello, and Justin Bond. Cahoon is also featured in the documentary film 'Squeezebox' about NYC's downtown music scene.  Kevin Cahoon and Ghetto Cowboy's debut album "Doll" received The Out Music Award for Outstanding Debut Recording, received a Citation of Merit from "Billboard" Magazine's World Songwriters Awards, received the Pabst Blue Ribbon Live & Local Award for New York City, and its title song is the lead track for the feature film "Ready, OK!". Kevin Cahoon and Ghetto Cowboy are a constant presence on Sirius Radio's OutQ, charting in the top 10, and on LOGO's NewNowNext.
Press.
Cahoon has been both profiled and mentioned in media sources across the world. Notable media outlets include: The New York Times, Time Out New York, Paper Magazine, Gotham Magazine's 'It List', San Francisco Chronicle, The Houston Chronicle, and The Scotsman in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="9762172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762172" title="David B. Doty">
David B. Doty

David B. Doty (born 1950) is an American composer and authority on just intonation. He is the author of "The Just Intonation Primer" (1993, 1994, 2002).
Inspired in part by the work of Harry Partch, Doty began composing in 1970 and in 1975 co-founded the San Francisco based ensemble Other Music with Henry S. Rosenthal and Dale S. Soules. After Doty studied intonation with Lou Harrison, members of Other Music built an American gamelan based on a 14-tone-per-octave just tuning designed by Doty and Soules (see Systêma Ametabolon for comparison). Other Music performed extensively in Northern California using these instruments during the years 1977–1981. Three of Doty's compositions from this period were featured on Other Music's 1980 LP "Prime Numbers". Other Music ceased performing publicly in 1981, but in 1983 recorded and released a studio album, "Incidents Out of Context", featuring compositions combining gamelan with synthesizers and other acoustic and electro-acoustic instruments.
After the dissolution of Other Music in 1983, Doty began composing for MIDI instruments and sequencers, which he has continued to do into the 21st century. Seven of these compositions in just intonation are included on his 1998 solo CD "Uncommon Practice" on Syntonic Records.
In 1984, Doty cofounded the "Just Intonation Network" along with a number of other Northern California just intonation composers and theorists. He served as the editor of the network's journal 1/1 from its inception in 1985 until 2006.
Doty has also been a technical writer and editor and author of computer books, and is an environmental activist. He lives in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Selected Compositions.
†A performance piece by Laura Farabough and Nightfire Theater
‡MIDI pieces were begun at different times and worked on and revised repeatedly until the creation of the "Uncommon Practice" CD, so that it is impossible to accurately determine start and finish dates for any of these pieces

</doc>
<doc id="9762191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762191" title="Gina Breedlove">
Gina Breedlove

Gina Louise Breedlove is an American singer and stage actress. In 1997, she originated the role of Sarabi in the Broadway production of The Lion King. She previously appeared in the 1987 Broadway musical Sophisticated Ladies, and contributed a song to the soundtrack of the 1997 Shaquille O'Neal film Steel.

</doc>
<doc id="9762196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762196" title="Chenoa Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Chenoa Township, McLean County, Illinois

Chenoa Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,074 and it contained 928 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.81%) is land and (or 0.16%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9762218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762218" title="Sub-agent">
Sub-agent

Sub-agent (Sub-agency) is a real estate term in the United States and Canada describing the relationship which a real estate broker and his/her agents have with a buyer of a business, home, or property.
Lasting until the early 1990s, the broker provided a conventional full-service, commission-based brokerage relationship under a signed listing agreement only with a seller, thus creating an agency relationship with fiduciary obligations under common law in most of the US and Canada. The seller was then a client of the broker.
However, no such agency relationship existed with the buyer, and the broker's agents helped the buyer (who was typically known as his or her "customer"). In this situation, during the entire period in which the buyer looked at properties, entered into a real estate contract, and finally closed on one, that broker/agent functioned solely as the sub-agent of the seller’s broker.
Some clear disadvantages exist for the buyer under sub-agency. There is no obligation to obtain the best price or terms for the buyer, since the broker, as sub-agent, was obligated to obtain the best terms for the seller, generally someone who he/she had never met and with whom no direct business relationship existed. Many states, notably Florida and Colorado, have abolished sub-agency in favor of written Buyer Brokerage Agreements or the creation of Transaction Brokerage. 
It was only with the advent of Buyer brokerage in the 1990s - the legal representation of a buyer by a broker - that a buyer became a client of the broker and entered into the same fiduciary relationship enjoyed by the seller.
In the Philippines, a Sub-Agent is someone who is under the supervision and operational control of a Real Estate Broker. The Sub-Agent is not an agent of the Buyer or Seller. It is the Broker who is the Agent of the Buyer or Seller. The Sub-Agent is an agent of the Broker, works for the Broker, and represents the interest of the Broker. The formal position of a Sub-Agent in the hierarchy of real estate practitioners in the Philippines is equivalent to the rank of Salesperson. A Salesperson is described in Section 3 and Section 31 of the Real Estate Service Act of the Philippines (Republic Act 9646).

</doc>
<doc id="9762222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762222" title="Cropsey Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Cropsey Township, McLean County, Illinois

Cropsey Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 222 and it contained 90 housing units. It was named after Col. A. J. Cropsey, the owner of a large farm in the area. In 1860 there were 25 families living in the township; by the 2000 census the total population was reported at 256.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9762228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762228" title="John Dolbeer">
John Dolbeer

John Dolbeer (March 12, 1827 – August 17, 1902) was a partner in the Dolbeer & Carson Lumber Co., one of the early major Humboldt County, California lumber operations in based in Eureka. While in that business, he invented the logging engine, more commonly known as the steam donkey or donkey engine. This invaluable equipment, especially with regard to difficult terrain and very large trees, revolutionized 19th century logging so significantly that variations of the engine were still used well into the 20th Century.
Early years.
John Dolbeer was born in Epsom, Merrimack County, New Hampshire on March 12, 1827, the son of Nicholas Dolbeer and Esther Chase of New Rye. He left the family farm in 1850 at the age of 23 and set out to the California Gold Rush to make his fortune.
Entrepreneurship.
Looking for opportunity beyond the mines, Dolbeer arrived at the Humboldt Bay area where in 1853 he purchased Martin White's Bay Mill in Eureka, California. Finding himself in need of capital after fire destroyed his mill twice, he became partners with William Carson (builder of the Carson Mansion) by the spring of 1863. The two formed what would become one of the first truly huge Redwood lumber operations, the Dolbeer and Carson Lumber Company. The mill operated with his name on it on the Eureka waterfront until the 1970s.
Patents.
His several patents showed his ingenuity in problem solving, and he had an impact in all facets of the industry, from the actual lumbering operation itself, to transporting and exporting – even owning the barques and brigs to ship the lumber to worldwide markets. Among his most useful and successful patent was that for the Dolbeer Logging Engine in August 1881. This machine was a simple steam engine mounted on a wooden skid which enabled loggers to employ cables to move giant logs across long distances or steep terrain to adjacent railways or waterways. This invention improved log retrieval in difficult terrain and revolutionized the industry. It was so cost effective and useful that the technology continued to be used well into the 20th century. Examples of working Donkey engines can still be found operating during special occasions at Fort Humboldt State Historic Park in Eureka. The patent (Patent number: 256553) was issued April 18, 1882.
Other patents include an apparatus for "steaming piles" (Patent number: 333204) and a device used for measuring footage of timber cut by a sawmill (Patent number: 45482).
Family.
In 1872, late in life, he married Harriet Schander, and in 1873 his son, Chase Dolbeer was born. He established his home on Lombard Street in San Francisco. Four years later, in 1877, the Dolbeers had their daughter, Bertha. Business continued to thrive, despite early lumber mill fires. It was about the time of the second fire that the personal life of Jonathan Dolbeer turned tragic. In 1879, Harriet committed suicide and was called by the San Francisco Call "a suffering invalid", and in 1886 his son Chase was thrown from a wagon and died at the age of 13. His family endured yet a final tragedy after his death when on July 9, 1904, his daughter Bertha committed suicide at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City, putting the battle for the estate in the California Courts through 1908.
Estate.
John Dolbeer died in San Francisco from a heart ailment on August 17, 1902. He was laid to rest in Cypress Lawn Memorial Park, Colma, San Mateo County, California. The bulk of his estate went to his lone surviving daughter Bertha, and was worth nearly one million dollars. Additional sums were given to several charities, and relatives in Epsom, including his niece Ellen Dolbeer Hall (daughter of his brother Calvin) and her husband, Charles Sumner Hall. There is now a prestigious scholarship awarded at the University of California, Berkeley in his name and honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9762238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762238" title="Demond Mallet">
Demond Mallet

Dayon Demond Mallet (born February 22, 1978) is an American professional basketball player that plays with Spirou Charleroi in Belgium. He is a 6'2" guard. 
Before that he played for ACB club Joventut Badalona. As of 2008, Mallet had won a German Championship, two German Cup titles, a ULEB Cup, and won the prestigious Spanish King's Cup with the team Joventut Badalona. He is a cousin of NBA center Shaquille O'Neal. Mallet who won the German Championship MVP in 2006 won the Belgium Ethias League MVP in 2011 and the Belgium Championship that same year.
In December 2011 he moved to sign a one-year contract with Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. in Israel and during the 2011–12 season was rated as one of the best point guards in the Euroleague.
High school and college career.
Mallet played high school basketball at Leesville High, after which he enrolled at McNeese State University and was NCAA Division 1 All-American Honorable Mention 2001. He was also named Southland Conference Player of the Year (2000–2001).
Professional career.
Mallet played most of his career so far in Germany at the Bundesliga, the country's premier basketball league but later moved to Spain and then Turkey and in 2010 Belgium where he signed a two-year contract reportedly to be the highest-paid player in Belgium.
In December 2011 he moved from the Belgium Club to sign a one-year contract with Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. in Israel and during the 2011–12 season was rated as one of the best point guards in the Euroleague. In April 2012 after not having too much space in the rotation of Maccabi Tel Aviv he returned to Spirou Charleroi until the end of the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9762240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762240" title="Panzer I variants">
Panzer I variants

The Panzer I was a light tank produced in Germany in the 1930s. It was built in several variants and was the basis for a number of special purpose vehicles.
Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf A ohne Aufbau.
The first Panzer I vehicles to be built, 15 of this variant were completed by various firms (Daimler-Benz, Henschel, Krupp, MAN, and Rheinmetall) in a program intended to develop industrial capacity and provide initial training vehicles to the Wehrmacht. The Ausf A ohne Aufbau was a Panzer I hull without any superstructure or turret. The interior was completely open. The vehicle was crewed by a student driver and instructor, with room for three student observers behind them. The suspension and hull were identical to the Ausf A, but total weight was reduced to 3.5 tons and height to 1.15 m. Performance was similar.
Munitionsschlepper auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf A.
Given the designation SdKfz 111, the "Munitionsschlepper" (ammunition tractor) was built to provide Panzer units with an armored tracked vehicle for front-line re-supply of tanks. 51 examples were converted from older Ausf A tanks in September 1939. The conversion involved removing the turret and providing a two-piece armor plate cover over the resulting opening. This crude conversion served in Poland and France with Panzer units. Total weight was a little less than the Ausf A, at 5.0 tons, and the height was reduced to 1.4 m. Since some fuel capacity was removed, range was cut to 95 km. No armament was provided.
Brückenleger auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf A.
An attempt to mount bridging equipment on the Ausf A chassis proved impractical due to the weak suspension of the vehicle, although this was later tried with greater success on the Panzer II chassis.
Flammenwerfer auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf A.
A simple field modification, the "Flammenwerfer" had a portable flamethrower with enough fuel for about 10 seconds of firing at a range of up to 25 m mounted in place of one of the machine guns. The idea came from an experiment during the Spanish Civil War, and was intended to give the Panzer I more firepower against close targets. The conversion was not permanent, and was only reported to be used in the Battle of Tobruk by the German 5th Light Division.
Kleiner Panzerbefehlswagen (klPzBefWg).
Given the designation SdKfz 265, the klPzBefWg was a modification of the Ausf A designed to provide a command vehicle for Panzer units. This required lengthening the chassis (by adding a fifth road wheel) and upgrading the engine. Ultimately, this chassis would be the basis for the improved Ausf B version. The klPzBefWg had a built-up superstructure in place of the turret, affording more interior room for command equipment and a FuG6 radio in addition to the FuG2. A single MG13 or MG34 in a ball mount on the front of the superstructure was provided, although often removed. Slightly heavier (5.9 tons) and taller (1.99 m) than the Ausf B, the klPzBefWg served with all Panzer units into the early war years. It received an additional 15 mm of armor later, and was moved to auxiliary duties by 1942. 184 were built by Daimler-Benz at the same time as Ausf B production, and six examples were built from Ausf A tanks.
Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B ohne Aufbau.
The Ausf B ohne Aufbau used the same chassis as the Ausf B, but omitted the superstructure and turret. Designed to provide Panzer units with a tracked recovery and repair vehicle, 164 were produced alongside the standard Ausf B vehicles. However, the introduction of larger tanks meant it was unable to do recovery work, and by 1940 it was being transferred to training duties. Compared to the Ausf B, it was much lighter (4.0 tons) and shorter (1.35 m). Like the Ausf A ohne Aufbau, the compartment was open-topped; the hull was armored.
4.7 cm PaK (t) (Sf) auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B.
Commonly known as the Panzerjäger I, this version marked Germany's first attempt at an armored tank destroyer. The turret was removed and a 4.7 cm PaK (t) antitank gun (captured from Czechoslovakia) with a tall wrap-around gun shield was installed. Made from 14.5 mm thick armor plate, the shield offered no protection to the rear or above. The gun was capable of 35° of traverse and elevation from −8° to +12°. 86 rounds were carried for the main gun. While performance was similar to the Ausf B, it was heavier at 6.4 tons and taller, 2.25 m, than the B.
15 cm sIG 33 (Sf) auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B.
This vehicle was sometimes known as the Bison. The larger Ausf B chassis made possible the mounting of heavier guns with removal of the turret. The largest was the 150 mm heavy infantry gun, the sIG 33. This mammoth piece was relatively short and barely fit inside a tall superstructure that was constructed up to the vehicle's 2.8 m height and over the tracks to their full 2.06 m width. The superstructure armor was light—only 13 mm—and only protected the front and sides. The heavy resulting weight of 8.5 tons overstressed the chassis; the vehicle was not a great success. 38 were converted from Ausf B tanks in February 1940. They served with six heavy SP infantry gun companies, with survivors in service into 1943. The sIG mounting was capable of 25 ° of traverse and 75 ° of elevation, and could be depressed to −4 °. It used a Rblf36 sight. Ammunition was carried separately, there being no room for onboard shell storage. The sIG would be mounted more successfully on larger chassis as the war progressed.
Flammenwerfer auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B.
An experimental field modification similar to that done to the Ausf A later in North Africa, this conversion was made during the Spanish Civil War. There is no record of later use during World War II.
Ladungsleger auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B.
A field modification kit, the "Ladungsleger", or explosives layer, was mounted on the rear deck of an Ausf B tank and used to lay explosives to defeat field fortifications. A number of vehicles were given these kits, with authorized use on the armored engineers company of each Pioneer Battalion.
Flakpanzer I.
A rare modification that attempted to make the Panzer I into a self-propelled anti-aircraft gun was the Flakpanzer I. It was not produced widely due to extremely high developmental costs.

</doc>
<doc id="9762254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762254" title="Guyana Mayors Cup">
Guyana Mayors Cup

The Guyana Mayors Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Guyana football. It was created in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9762274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762274" title="Stan Hixon">
Stan Hixon

Stan Hixon (born July 24, 1957) is an American football coach and former player. He was the wide receiver coach for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL) for six years, until January 2010, when his contract was not renewed after the Redskins hired new head coach Mike Shanahan. He was also wide receiver coach under Chan Gailey for the Buffalo Bills. In 2013 Hixon was the wide receivers coach under Bill O'Brien for Penn State, and was named the "mystery assistant" by one local paper because he rarely talks to the media, and thus little is known about him. Hixon then moved to Houston to be the Texans wide receivers coach in 2014, after O'Brien was hired to be the head coach of the Texans. 

</doc>
<doc id="9762287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762287" title="Kashif &amp; Shanghai Knockout Tournament">
Kashif &amp; Shanghai Knockout Tournament

The Kashif & Shanghai Knockout Tournament a knockout tournament of the Guyana football. It was created in 1990.
This is currently the most important cup tournament, played in December and January every season. The first two editions were restricted to teams from Linden (4 participants 1990/91; in 1991/92 all seven clubs from Linden entered); since 1992/93 teams from outside Linden (or indeed Guyana) can also enter.

</doc>
<doc id="9762296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762296" title="North Korean Figure Skating Championships">
North Korean Figure Skating Championships

The DPR Korea Figure Skating Championships is a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national champions of North Korea (officially called the Democratic People's Republic of Korea). Figure skaters compete in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.

</doc>
<doc id="9762303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762303" title="2004 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2004 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2004 Pacific Life Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played between March 11 and March 13, 2004 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The Washington Huskies made their second trip to the final game (and their first since 1987) to play Stanford who was making their third finals appearance. The champion of the tournament was Stanford (who was also the Pac-10 regular season champion), which received the Pac-10's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. The Most Outstanding Player was Josh Childress of Stanford. The total attendance of 60,126 was the lowest since the tournament had been hosted at the Staples Center from 2002.
Seeds.
The top eight Pacific-10 schools play in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.
References.
2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide pages 50–60 (PDF copy available at 2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide)

</doc>
<doc id="9762314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762314" title="PAX Association">
PAX Association

The PAX Association () was a pro-communist secular Catholic organization created in 1947 in the People's Republic of Poland at the onset of the Stalinist period. The Association published the "Słowo Powszechne" daily for almost fifty years between 1947 and 1993 with an average of 312 issues annually.
The first editor-in-chief of "Słowo Powszechne" (circulation: 40,000) was Wojciech Kętrzyński (d. 1983) from KN, grandson of historian Wojciech Kętrzyński. In 1982 the newspaper adjusted its name to "Słowo Powszechne: dziennik Stowarzyszenia PAX" (the PAX Association daily). The publication closed only when the PAX ceased to function (1993) following the collapse of communism; however, the facsimile of the Association was reestablished in 1993 under a different name: the Catholic Association "Civitas Christiana".
Notably, in 1953 the ostensibly "religious" PAX gave its support to the Stalinist show trial of the Kraków Curia pronouncing death penalties for the Catholic priests falsely accused of treason, and took over the publication of the Catholic weekly magazine "Tygodnik Powszechny" until the Polish October of 1956.
Communist era.
Following the Soviet takeover, "PAX Association" had been formed with the intention to undermine grass-roots support for the Roman Catholic Church in Stalinist Poland. Created by Bolesław Piasecki, it approved the trial and imprisonment of many Polish clergymen, among them Bishop Czesław Kaczmarek and Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński. PAX attempted to compete with the conservative clergy of the interwar era over public policy issues, especially after the arrest of hundreds of priests by the state security in early 1950s. The government gave it total control over the Polish branch of the Caritas relief organisation. According to Norman Davies PAX was an NKVD front organisation, set up to win over Polish Catholics to communism, and to break their links to the Vatican. It maintained a presence in the Sejm, winning for example five seats in the 1969 election.
Reforms.
After 1956, together with many other similar government initiatives, it was toned down and took a more compromising position, in some regards even supporting the leniency for the anti-communist resistance in Poland, even though it firmly endorsed the communist government of the People's Republic of Poland until the fall of communism. After 1982 it was a member of the Patriotic Movement for National Rebirth. Throughout the decades after its creation and the death of Stalin, it continued to steadily lose power and influence, although it still exists in modern Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9762337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762337" title="St. Albert City Council">
St. Albert City Council

The St. Albert City Council is the governing body of the City of St. Albert, Alberta, Canada. It is composed of a mayor and six councillors, aldermen prior to 2001. All seven members are elected at-large every four years, three years prior to 2013.
Current council.
2013 results
Previous City Councils.
2010 results
2007 results
Dick Fowler resigned as mayor in March 1989, and city council selected Ray Gibbon to finish his term. Gibbon's aldermanic seat was left vacant until the next election.
Jerry Manegre was elected Alderman in a byelection on October 26, 1987 replacing George Kuschminder who resigned earlier in the year.
1977
St. Albert Town Council.
The St. Albert Town Council was the governing body of St. Albert, Alberta during its time as a town, which lasted from September 1, 1904 until December 31, 1956 and again from June 27, 1962 until December 31, 1976. The council was composed of a mayor and six town aldermen. The frequency of the council's election changed over time. Initially, the mayor was elected annually with the councillors being elected on staggered two year terms, with three being elected each year. When St. Albert became a town for the second time, in 1962, provincial legislation dictated instead that the entire council would be elected every three years.

</doc>
<doc id="9762349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762349" title="Saint Lucia FA Cup">
Saint Lucia FA Cup

The Saint Lucia FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Saint Lucia football.

</doc>
<doc id="9762363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762363" title="Lee Goldberg (meteorologist)">
Lee Goldberg (meteorologist)

Lee Goldberg (born October 4, 1972) is an American meteorologist at New York City's WABC-TV, where he anchors Eyewitness News Accu-Weather coverage at 4pm, 5pm, 6pm and 11pm. He has been at WABC-TV since July 1996.
Career.
Goldberg began his career in broadcast meteorology as a private weather forecaster, where he reported for utilities and ski areas. He also worked as a weather agentin Canada and the United States at the same time. 
He earned his B.S. in meteorology at Cornell University in 1994. At this time, he interned at WCVB-TV And WHDH-TV, both in Boston. He began his career in New York at WSTM-TV in Syracuse, New York, starting just in time to cover the infamous "Blizzard of 1993", which heavily impacted central New York. He was hired full-time after graduating from college. He remained there for two years, long enough to report on the winter of 1995-1996 that buried Syracuse in more than 15 feet of snow.
WABC-TV.
On July 23, 1996, Goldberg appeared on "Good Morning America", as a substitute for Sam Champion, whom Goldberg replaced at WABC-TV in 2006. He was formerly the station's weekend forecaster.
Personal life.
Lee resides in Westchester County with his wife Jessica and their two children, Emily and Ethan.

</doc>
<doc id="9762382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762382" title="Saint Kitts and Nevis National Cup">
Saint Kitts and Nevis National Cup

The Saint Kitts and Nevis National Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Saint Kitts and Nevis football.

</doc>
<doc id="9762397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762397" title="Nepenthes rubromaculata">
Nepenthes rubromaculata

Nepenthes rubromaculata may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9762415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762415" title="Rennie Simmons">
Rennie Simmons

Warren "Rennie" Simmons (born February 25, 1942 in Poughkeepsie, New York), is a retired football coach. Simmons last coached for the Washington Redskins as tight ends coach. Simmons announced his retirement from the Redskins on January 7, 2009 after 34 years as a coach. 27 of those seasons were in the NFL, and 18 of them were with the Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="9762424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762424" title="Ursinoscorpaenopsis kitai">
Ursinoscorpaenopsis kitai

Ursinoscorpaenopsis kitai is a species of scorpionfish native to the Pacific Ocean waters around Japan. This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="9762459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762459" title="Drosato, Kilkis">
Drosato, Kilkis

Drosato (, ) is a village and a community in the Kilkis regional unit, northern Greece. Drosato was the seat of the former municipality of Doirani. The community Drosato consists of the villages Drosato, Doirani and Koryfi.
Geography.
Drosato is located 4 km southeast of Lake Doirani, 4 km from the border with the Republic of Macedonia and 20 km north of Kilkis. The Greek National Road 65 (Kilkis - Sidirokastro) passes by the village. There are low hills to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="9762487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762487" title="Encanto, San Diego">
Encanto, San Diego

Encanto is a hilly neighborhood located in the southeastern part of San Diego, California. The neighborhood of Encanto is split into two sections, North Encanto (which lies north of Broadway), and South Encanto (which lies south of Broadway).
The name Encanto usually refers to the neighborhood of Encanto, but it can also refer to the Encanto Neighborhoods planning area, which consists of Chollas View, Lincoln Park, Emerald Hills, Valencia Park, Encanto, South Encanto, Broadway Heights, and Alta Vista.
Encanto is a predominantly a low-density residential community, with commercial and industrial businesses located near major streets. Encanto and the adjacent neighborhoods are going through revitalization with such programs as the Chollas Creek Enhancement Program, which focuses on open space and restoring native vegetation.
Geography.
Encanto's borders include: the San Diego neighborhood of Broadway Heights and Martin Luther King Jr. Freeway (SR 94) on the north, the neighborhood of Alta Vista on the south, the neighborhoods of Emerald Hills and Valencia Park on the west, and the neighborhoods of Skyline and Jamacha, and the city of Lemon Grove on the east.

</doc>
<doc id="9762516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762516" title="Danny Smith (coach)">
Danny Smith (coach)

Danny Smith (born November 7, 1953) is the special teams coordinator for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League.
Prior to the Steelers, Smith coached the Redskins special teams from 2004-2012 and the Buffalo Bills’ special teams from 2001-03. In Smith’s last year in Buffalo, the Bills finished third in the NFL in kickoff coverage. His kicking specialists ranked in the top 10 in field goal percentage and gross and net punting average.
Smith was tight ends coach with the Detroit Lions from 1999-2000.
He had a four-year stint with the Philadelphia Eagles from 1995-98, serving two seasons as special teams coach and two coaching the defensive backs.
Before joining the NFL coaching ranks, Smith spent eight years at Georgia Tech (1987-94) where he coached several positions including running backs, wide receivers and defensive backs. He helped coach the Yellow Jackets team that split the NCAA National Championship with Colorado in 1990.
Smith began his college coaching career as a graduate assistant at his alma mater Edinboro State. He also coached at The Citadel, William & Mary and Clemson.
Smith entered the coaching ranks at his high school alma mater Central Catholic High School in Pittsburgh where he helped tutor future Miami Dolphins quarterback and Hall of Famer Dan Marino.
Smith graduated from Edinboro State. He and his wife, Elaine, have three children: Erin, Courtney and Jason.

</doc>
<doc id="9762518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762518" title="Anshei Sfard (Louisville, Kentucky)">
Anshei Sfard (Louisville, Kentucky)

Anshei Sfard, officially affiliated with the Orthodox Union (OU), is the only Orthodox synagogue in Kentucky, located in Louisville. The synagogue was founded by a small group of Jews in 1893. It provides the Louisville community daily services, Shabbat and Yom Tov services, events, a kosher kitchen, and a mikveh.
History.
Founded in 1893, the synagogue's address in 1897 was a dwelling occupied by Jacob Brownstein on Eighth Street. The congregation then met for several years in a three story building at 716 W. Walnut St. It remained there until 1903, when it purchased the former B’rith Sholom synagogue at 511 South First Street. The building no longer exists, but it was located at a spot that would be across First Street from what is today The Brown School. The synagogue was forced to move due to the construction of the I-65 interstate highway. The synagogue moved to the suburbs and had its groundbreaking ceremony of its current location in April 1957.
Today.
The Rabbi, Rabbi Dr. Joshua Golding, is the leader of the synagogue's events, and is also a Professor of Philosophy at Bellarmine University, specializing in philosophy of religion and Jewish philosophy.
The "Sfard" in the congregation's name refers to Nusach Sefard, an Ashkenazic, not Sephardic, prayer rite.

</doc>
<doc id="9762520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762520" title="John Harris Browne">
John Harris Browne

John Harris Browne (22 April 1817 – 12 January 1904), generally referred to as J. Harris Browne, was an explorer in Australia and a pioneer pastoralist.
Browne was born in Ilford, Wiltshire, England, son of Benjamin Browne, landowner, and his wife Tara. He was well educated, studying at the Ecole de Médecine, Paris and qualified for the medical profession at the University of Edinburgh.
Browne migrated to South Australia in 1840 with his sister Anna, arriving aboard the "Orleanna". There he took up land, initially at Lyndoch in the Barossa Valley, and in 1844 was asked by Charles Sturt to join his expedition to Central Australia as surgeon. During this journey he was of the greatest assistance to Sturt, and when his leader fell ill with scurvy, took command of the party on the return journey and brought it to safety. He afterwards became a highly successful pastoralist and held an enormous amount of land in South Australia. In his later years he lived for long periods in England, and died in Bath. He married and was survived by a son and daughter. Browne was kind, modest and courageous; he did not seek publicity; but both in the official biography and in Sturt's own account of the journey to central Australia we have many references to Browne's ability as an explorer and his loyalty to Sturt, who probably owed his life to him.
Browne's elder brother, William James Browne (1815 – 4 December 1894), also qualified as a physician and arrived in South Australia in 1839, becoming a very successful pastoralist.

</doc>
<doc id="9762522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762522" title="Helen Fox">
Helen Fox

Helen Fox (born 1962) is an English children's author, educated at Millfield School and New College, Oxford, where she read history and modern languages. Before becoming a full-time writer, Fox worked as a primary school teacher, a marketing executive, and a tour guide; she also trained and worked as an actress.
Fox is married to a cognitive scientist and has two sons Gilon and Marcus.
Her Eager trilogy is about a self-aware robot in a futuristic society.

</doc>
<doc id="9762527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762527" title="Union Peak">
Union Peak

Union Peak is a heavily eroded shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon, located along the Cascade Crest less than southwest of the rim of Crater Lake. Ice Age glaciers eroded away most of the flanks of the volcano, leaving numerous deep cirques surrounding a central glacial horn. This is the same process that formed the summit horns of Three Fingered Jack, Mount Washington, Howlock Mountain, and Mount Thielsen from other shield volcanoes farther north in the Oregon Cascades.
Union Peak is located within Crater Lake National Park, and the summit was used as a post for fire lookouts from the 1930s to the 1950s. A trail leads to the summit from the Pacific Crest Trail off Oregon Route 62.

</doc>
<doc id="9762540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762540" title="IUCN category">
IUCN category

IUCN category, where "IUCN" refers to the International Union for Conservation of Nature, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9762560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762560" title="Pengabdi Setan">
Pengabdi Setan

Pengabdi Setan is a 1980 Indonesian horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra, the title translates into ""Satan's Slave"" which is also the name of the US DVD release. It is notable for being one of the few films to substitute Christian or Buddhist-based horror themes for Muslim beliefs. The film bears a resemblance in plot to Don Coscarelli's 1979 film "Phantasm". It has achieved cult status among fans of Asian horror films; principally because it has been unavailable for many years except as an obscure Japanese VHS pressing with no English subtitles. In 2006, Brentwood Home Video, a specialist US label, released an uncut print on DVD for retail release as part of its Eastern Horror series.

</doc>
<doc id="9762569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762569" title="Encanto">
Encanto

Encanto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9762588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762588" title="Copa de Nicaragua">
Copa de Nicaragua

The Copa de Nicaragua is the top knockout tournament of the Nicaragua football.

</doc>
<doc id="9762591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762591" title="KPPT-FM">
KPPT-FM

KPPT-FM (100.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Hits format. Licensed to Depoe Bay, Oregon, USA. The station is currently owned by Agpal Broadcasting Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as KCEL. On 1986-01-01 the station changed its call sign to KTDO-FM, on 1990-07-02 to KZUS, on 1992-02-10 to KZUS-FM, on 1997-10-10 to the current KPPT-FM. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9762604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762604" title="Charles E. Merrill, Jr.">
Charles E. Merrill, Jr.

Charles E. Merrill Jr. (born 1920), is an American educator, author and philanthropist, best known for supporting historically black colleges and founding the Commonwealth School in Boston.
Early life.
Merrill was the son of Charles E. Merrill, one of the founders of Merrill Lynch & Co., the stock brokerage and investment banking firm. Merrill was the second of two children born to Charles E. Merrill and his first wife, Elizabeth Church Merrill. He is the younger brother of Doris Merrill Magowan (1916–2001), and the half-sibling to the poet James Merrill (1926–1995).
He spent his childhood and adolescence in New York City. He attended Deerfield Academy and graduated from Harvard College. Merrill was the recipient of a Fulbright grant which he used to teach in Austria.
Military service.
Merrill was conscripted into the military during World War II. He served in the Fifth United States Army in North Africa, Italy, and Germany through the end of the war. One of the stories emanating from this experience was Merrill's involvement in rescuing a teenaged Jewish boy he encountered in Germany named Bernat Rosner. Rosner was orphaned by the Holocaust and was befriended by Merrill. Merrill assisted Rosner to emigrate to the United States. Merrill sponsored Rosner's education and eventually Rosner attended Harvard Law School and became General Counsel of Safeway Stores, Inc., the grocery story chain founded by the senior Charles E. Merrill and run by Merrill's brother-in-law Robert Anderson Magowan. Rosner's life was recounted in a book named "Uncommon Friendship: From Opposite Sides of the Holocaust" (University of California Press, 2001).
Educator and Philanthropist.
Merrill founded the Commonwealth School in Boston in 1958. Housed in two connected townhouses in Boston's Back Bay at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Dartmouth Street, the school was personally funded and staffed by Merrill from its beginnings. He retired as the headmaster of the school in 1981. The school was a reflection of Merrill's principles. His goal was to provide a rigorous classical education to minority students and the less fortunate, heavy on history, English, and writing; Merrill himself taught Bible class to the entire class of ninth graders, not from a religious perspective but from a humanistic one. He also maintained the principles of Yankee frugality, requiring students to participate in the upkeep of the school, from bussing tables and washing dishes at lunch to emptying trash baskets at the end of the day. His generosity was quiet but overflowing; it was not unusual for Merrill to foot the tuition bills, even college tuition, for students who were financially distressed.
Commonwealth School was not Merrill's first foray into high school education. He also is one of the co-founders of the Thomas Jefferson School in St. Louis in 1946.
Merrill's philanthropy extended to several other institutions of higher education. Merrill was the Chairman of the Charles E. Merrill Trust, the charitable foundation named after his father. The Merrill Trust donated the money used to endow Merrill College at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1968. Merrill also served for more than 15 years as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Morehouse College, the historically black college in Atlanta. Merrill Hall on the Morehouse campus was dedicated in his name to honor his many contributions to the school. He also served on Boards of Marlboro College in Vermont and Hampshire College in western Massachusetts. He has taught semesters at Guilford College, Moravian College, Spelman College, and Warren Wilson College.
Personal life.
Despite great personal wealth derived from an unbreakable trust made early in his childhood, Merrill lived modestly. Before his father's death, Merrill and his two siblings renounced any further inheritance from their father's estate in exchange for $100 "as full quittance"; as a result, much of Charles Merrill Sr.'s estate was donated to his namesake trust.
As if anticipating his two older siblings would survive him, James Merrill dedicated his 1985 collection of poems "Late Settings" "for my sister Doris and my brother Charles." (His 1957 novel "The Seraglio", widely read as a portrait of Charles E. Merrill's womanizing ways, was dedicated to the poet's ten nephews and nieces.) James Merrill shared with his brother a lifelong love of opera, an experience he wrote about in his 1993 memoir, "A Different Person".
Later years.
Merrill wrote an account of his experiences of founding and leading Commonwealth School for 23 years in a book called "The Walled Garden" (Rowan Tree Press 1982). Merrill is an internationalist, and his travels have taken him to the former Soviet satellite states of Czechoslovakia and Poland, as well as the other countries of Eastern and Central Europe. He wrote about these travels in a book called "The Journey". Other books written by Merrill are: "The Trip to Paris", "Emily's Year", "The Great Ukrainian Partisan Movement" and "The Checkbook".
He helped starting the Foundation for Educational Support (Fondacija za podrsku obrazovanju) in Lukavac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He often speaks on democratic reforms and freedoms. Merrill is also an accomplished artist.
Merrill is a widower and the father of five adult children. He was married to Mary K. Merrill for more than 50 years until her death in 1999. He resides in Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts and on a farm in Hancock, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9762612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762612" title="Denise Jannah">
Denise Jannah

Denise Jannah, real name: Denise Johanna Zeefuik (7 November 1956) is a Dutch jazz vocalist. She was born in Paramaribo, and currently lives and records in the Netherlands. She is the first Dutch jazz soloist to be signed by the Blue Note recording label. 
She received the award Bratislav Bata Anastasijevic, (XIIth International Nisville Festival, Serbia 2006)

</doc>
<doc id="9762619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762619" title="2003 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2003 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2003 Pacific Life Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played between March 13 and March 15, 2003 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The champion of the tournament was Oregon, which received the Pac-10's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. Upsets defined this tournament, and for the first time, neither Arizona nor UCLA were in the final game. The Most Outstanding Player was Luke Ridnour of Oregon. It was also the first year that longtime sponsor of the tournament, Pacific Life, sponsored the event.
Seeds.
The top eight Pacific 10 schools play in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.
Tournament notes.
Arizona was the #1 seed in the West Regional bracket.
References.
2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide pages 50–60 (PDF copy available at 2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide)

</doc>
<doc id="9762626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762626" title="Mordacia">
Mordacia

Mordacia is the sole genus of the family Mordaciidae, also known as the Southern Topeyed Lampreys.
Species.
There are currently Three recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="9762643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762643" title="Ralph Miller (disambiguation)">
Ralph Miller (disambiguation)

Ralph Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9762654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762654" title="Armanian">
Armanian

Armanian (, also Romanized as Armanīān; also known as Ermashan) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="9762661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762661" title="Shadow Squadron">
Shadow Squadron

Shadow Squadron is a video game published in 1995 for the Sega 32X and the Sega Saturn known in Japan and Europe as Stellar Assault.
Gameplay.
The player controls one of two star fighters; like "Star Wars Arcade" and "Star Fox", the ships are built with polygon type shapes. The player can control the tilt of the ship, making flying upside down, simple and can fly in any direction. There is a target locking system that helps the player find enemies quickly, as well as shows which enemies are closer by a number at the targets side. Besides lasers both ships also have their own type of torpedo. An energy shield can be turned on and off when needed, to save energy. And a circular radar display appears at the bottom of the screen, which also tilts as the ship does allowing you to tell it your above an enemy. And a next target arrow showing you which direction the nearest enemy is.
There are two main type of enemies, fighters and Carrier ships, both types of ships must be destroyed before the current mission is complete. The buttons used to shoot and speed up, and such can be changed on the options menu of the game before beginning. There are Easy and Hard settings, and an object viewer option to get a closer look at what enemies you will have to face, you can zoom in and out as well as tilt and rotate the ship in any direction. A sound test allows the player to listen to the music or sound effects, and another on off option can be used to turn the game's music and sound effects on and off before playing. The player can also change the speed control of their ship so it will go back to a standard speed if not pressing a button, or stay at one speed until you press the break or thrust. Players can also change the color of their ships and the enemies. If using the six-button controller the mode button can be used to enter "Chase" view which is seeing the fighter from behind rather than the cockpit. If the player chooses the second fighter they will have the option of choosing auto-pilot, which allows the computer to fly and the player to concentrate on fighting. In two player mode player one can control the gunner and the second can control the pilot. There are six missions, and before each a tactical display will show the players ship and where the enemy, and any other targets, or obstacles. There are two additional options that appear on the title screen after playing, the first is a "Trace" mode that allows the player to view a record of the last mission of their last game played, as if it were filmed and pieces of film where pieced together, with zoom ins tilts and following camera angles. The second option that appears is a score option that lets you see how well you did, but this is only viewable after you've beaten the game once, the title screen will eventually reappear and this option will be added to it.
Story.
There is very little story in the game itself, only mission objectives, mostly the story comes from the instructions and the box.
"Scramble Fighters!
Chaos has broken out on the edge of the Galaxy. A diabolical power has begun construction of a powerful sun laser. You are the Shadow Squadron's newest fighter jock and the fate and hope of the federation rest in your hands. Destroy the Sun Laser or face the FIRE!!!"
--From the back of the Box.
"This Means War
O.K. cadet, listen up. We have a situation here, the kind that doesn't go away by itself. Something has knocked out our early warning network at the source. Outpost 51 is monitoring coded transmissions from sector 7. We are registering energy blooms from an unknown number of large ships near the Outer Boundary. One plus One plus one equals our old adversaries planning something big - big time. Why am I telling you this? Wake up, cadet! Where is Outpost 51? And where are we? Get it? The Acceleration Gate at sector 4 is still being assembled, so our defense ships at 11 can't get here in time. We're the only thing between the enemy and 17 major planetary systems. You've trained for the last 6 years to be in the Shadow Squadron. Well, you're being bumped from Cadet First Class to Flight Officer as of right now. The Fleet Academy has a tradition of excellence that is unsurpassed, and you're going to make sure it stays that way by being the first on the scene, and the last one standing when the dust clears. Is that clear - Captain?
--From the Instruction booklet.
Sequel.
A sequel to Shadow Squadron was released for the Sega Saturn under the title "Stellar Assault SS" in 1998 by SIMS Co., Ltd..

</doc>
<doc id="9762664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762664" title="Dale Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Dale Township, McLean County, Illinois

Dale Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,233 and it contained 521 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 100%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9762694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762694" title="Our Cabaña">
Our Cabaña

Our Cabaña is an international Girl Scout centre of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGS) located in Cuernavaca, Mexico. It opened in July 1957 as a Baden-Powell centennial memorial. The centre can house up to ninety guests.
It is one of four World Centres of WAGGS; the others being Our Chalet in Switzerland, Sangam in India, and Pax Lodge in England. Each centre is staffed by people from around the world, giving them an international feeling, but each also draws from the local culture. Our Cabaña has been visited by over 70,000 Girl Guides and Girl Scouts from around the world since it opened.
History.
The idea of a Western Hemisphere world centre started in 1946 at a training session in Cuba. Serious planning began six years later with the approval of the Western Hemisphere Committee and the World Committee. Cuba, Panama, and the USA were considered before a plot of land in Mexico was selected to house the new world centre chosen.
Our Cabaña was officially opened in July 1957. The first participants attended a Juliette Low Session (international meeting of girls). It was during this session that the "Our Cabaña Song" was written using a traditional Mexican tune sung at birthdays (Feliz Cumpleaños).
The Our Cabaña site was expanded in 1969 by adding two more dormitories and a hall for evening programs and other indoor activities. Modifications have been made over the years to keep abreast of technological advancements and new methods of site maintenance. Computers are now an indispensable part of the working day, as are dishwashers and power tools.
Today, it can accommodate ninety participants, making it the largest of the four world centres.
Symbols and mascots.
Our Cabana's mascot is a donkey, named Amigo.[http://www.ourcabana.org/en/about/Mascot]
The logo is a stylized three branched tree (symbolizing the Scout Promise) with roots (symbolizing friendship growing deeper) and a drop of water (an Aztec symbol of life).[http://www.ourcabana.org/en/about/Logo]
Facilities and accommodations.
The centre is made up of two main buildings:
set amidst a tropical garden.
Eight large dorm rooms and several double guest rooms can house 90
visitors. Each dorm room is named after a flower found on the
grounds, such as "Tulipanes" (tulips), "Rosas" (roses), etc.
The centre also has a swimming pool, tennis court, fire circle, and craft house.
The centre also organizes trips to elsewhere in Mexico for visiting Girl Scouts and Girl Guides.

</doc>
<doc id="9762698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762698" title="House of Saraka">
House of Saraka

The House of Saraka (also "Saraca") was an old noble family from the Republic of Ragusa. The family came from Kotor in the year 1172.
Genealogy.
Aristocratic status was granted to the following members of the family on October 10, 1817 by the Austrian Empire, after the fall of the Republic. 
Children:
Children:
Dubrovnik (Dalmatia) 30.12.1832-27.10.1890 
Rozeta Čekotić 
children:
Split
Josipa Bučić 
Hvar (Dalmatia) 12.06.1867 - Padova 03.07.1952 
Children:
Dubrovnik (Dalmatia) 25.01.1895 - S. Marinela 16.01.1967
Maria Stievano
Piove di Sacco 28.04.1893 - S. Marinela 15.04.1982
28.04.1893 - S. Marinela 15.04.1982
Dubrovnik (Dalmatia) 4.3.1896-Padova 18.01.1997
Rodolfo Scopini
Lussinpiccolo 19.03.1888 - Zadar 04.09.1940
Hvar (Dalmatia) 1897-1906
Hvar (Dalmatia) 23.11.1898 - Padova 25.03.1987
Giuseppe Seifert
Ragusa (Dalmazia) 26.10.1891 - Padova 11.06.1969
Hvar (Dalmatia) 17.07.1900-Badia Polesine 30.04.1990
Konrad Kalebić (son of Kalebić and Carlotta de Zamagna) Šibenik ...1895 - Trieste 18.08.1928, 
They have one daughter Karla Kalebić, she married with Gino Sotti:
They have three daughters: 
Hvar (Dalmatia) 13.12.1901-Padova 13.02.1996
Zadar 05.03.1904-Trieste 01.08.1981
Ana Bačić
Pula 19.02.1911 - Trieste 09.10.2007
Hvar (Dalmatia) 01.11.1905 - Padova 30.01.1968
Elizabeta Zanon 
Padova 17.10.1904 - 28.12.1989
Hvar (Dalmatia) 28.3.1907-Padova 19.2.1972
Costantina Bianchini
Padova 7.10.1902-3.7.1985
Hvar (Dalmatia) 24.6.1910 - Padova 13.5.1992
Marija Gracija Grošetić
Hvar (Dalmatia) 16.6.1910 - Padova 26.12.2000
Hvar (Dalmatia) 1911-1911
10.04.1739-
09.07.1762-
03.02.1792
Children:
31.07.1797-
Children:
Children:
Children:
Confirmation of nobility.
The Austrian Empire confirmed the aristocratic status of the Saraca brothers, Natale, Nikola, and Stefano on October 10, 1817. The last Saraca who received the confirmation of nobility was Natale Frano Saraca, on March 27, 1835. According to Baron v. Procházka; the family Saraca "is one of the four still (1928)oldest existing from the Middle Ages, from Ston, in the Republic of Ragusa, the family immigrated to Italy, from the family were many consuls and Knez of the Republic of Ragusa".
The aristocracy of the family was recognized on 24 August 1927 in the Kingdom of Italy to the son of Count Orsato Saraca and Roza Čekotić (and their descendants).

</doc>
<doc id="9762728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762728" title="UCLA Marina Aquatic Center">
UCLA Marina Aquatic Center

The UCLA Marina Aquatic Center (MAC) is a water front recreation facility located in Marina del Rey, California at the northeastern end of the Entrance Channel, which is owned and operated by the University of California, Los Angeles.
The MAC, which is operated by UCLA Recreation, was opened in 1965 to house the Collegiate Rowing and Sailing programs. Since that time the MAC has expanded to offer recreational classes in small boat sailing, surfing, rowing, kayaking, and windsurfing to UCLA students.
Construction on the facility began in 1965. A cinder block boathouse was built to replace a wooden boathouse structure on Ballona Creek. In 1967 a dock was added to the entrance channel. In 1984 the installation of new trailers (which were previously used for the Los Angeles Olympics) was added to the facility.
Sailing.
The UCLA MAC currently provides classes in small boat sailing (under 16 feet in length). At one time there was an active keelboat program but it is no longer present at the facility.
The UCLA Learn to Sail Manual is available free to the general public.
The MAC is also home to the UCLA Sailing Team, a recognized Collegiate Club Sport which competes within the Pacific Coast Collegiate Sailing Conference and the Intercollegiate Sailing Association.
Kayaking.
Recreational kayaking is taught at the UCLA MAC. "Sit-On-Top" kayaks as well as sea kayaks are used. The MAC is also home to the UCLA Kayak Polo team.
Rowing.
UCLA Women's Rowing is a NCAA varsity sport. UCLA Men's Rowing is a club sport. Both are housed at the UCLA MAC.
Surfing.
Recreational surfing classes are conducted at the MAC. The UCLA surf club is not connected to the MAC.
Windsurfing.
Windsurfing is the smallest program at the UCLA MAC. It is a seasonal program that operates during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="9762754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762754" title="UDESCAI">
UDESCAI

UDESCAI (União Desportiva Sardinha e Caça de Água-Izé) is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship. The team is based in the island of São Tomé. The team has only one insular title and it was in 2004 beating GD Os Operários. The team never won a national and the Taça Nacional de São Tomé and Príncipe titles.

</doc>
<doc id="9762766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762766" title="Buckhaven High School">
Buckhaven High School

Buckhaven High School is a six-year co-educational non-denominational comprehensive school with a current roll of 1226. In the past Buckhaven was Levenmouth's high school for pupils who passed their eleven plus exam. The school's motto is "Perseverando".
The School.
The school’s origins date back to the 1860s and for many years it occupied a site in College Street, Buckhaven. The present building has been in use since 1957 and in 1976 an extension was completed. The school recently underwent refurbishment work in order to upgrade the existing office and make the school more accessible.
Catchments.
The catchments for the school are Buckhaven Primary, Methilhill Primary, East Wemyss Primary, Coaltown of Wemyss Primary, Parkhill Primary, Kirkton of Largo Primary and Kennoway Primary. They also receive pupils from out with the catchments who submit placing requests. Two schools that Buckhaven High most commonly receives requests from are Denbeath and Aberhill Primary schools.
Merger.
In June 2012 Fife Council proposed that the school should merge with neighbouring Kirkland High School and Community College to create Levenmouth High School. The plans where approved in April 2014 and the new school will open by August 2016

</doc>
<doc id="9762768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762768" title="Gustavo Bell">
Gustavo Bell

Gustavo Adolfo Bell Lemus (born 1 February 1957) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to Cuba. A lawyer, economist and historian, he served as the seventh Vice President of Colombia between 1998 and 2002 under the administration of Andrés Pastrana Arango, during which time he also served concurrently as High Commissioner for Human Rights of Colombia and as Minister of National Defence between 2001 and 2002. In 1992, as the 53rd Governor of Atlántico, he became the first popularly elected Governor of the Department following the enactment of the 1991 Colombian Constitution.
Career.
Education.
Bell attended the Pontifical Xavierian University where he obtained a double degree in Laws and Socioeconomics. He completed graduate studies at the University of the Andes on a Constitutional Bicentenary scholarship from the ], the Escuela de Estudios Hispano-Americanos at Seville on a research scholarship from Spain's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation, and St Antony's College, Oxford on a British Council scholarship, where he also obtained a Ph.D in Modern History.
In addition to his academic studies, Bell was one of the founding members and part of the faculty of the University of the North in Barranquilla.
Journalism.
Bell began his work in journalism in "El Heraldo", and quickly rose to become one of the most influential journalist in northern Colombia. While working as Executive Editor of "El Heraldo", Bell suffered an assassination attempt but escaped unharmed.[http://www.mediosparalapaz.org/?idcategoria=2576]
Governorship.
In 1991 Bell run for governor of the Atlántico Department as an independent candidate, he became the first elected governor by popular vote of this Department for the period between 1992-1994. (governors in Colombia were appointed by the President before the constitution of 1991)
Vice Presidency.
After spending three years studying in England Bell returned to Colombia in 1997 and joined the presidential campaign of Andrés Pastrana. Pastrana offered him the Vice Presidency of Colombia, They were elected for the 1998-2002 presidential period. 
Vice President Bell was in charge of the Colombian Office for Human Rights issues between 1998 and 2001, year in which President Pastrana also appointed him the Ministry of National Defence.
Ambassadorship.
On 29 October 2009, President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón designated Bell to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Colombia to the Republic of Cuba stating ""I think better ambassador to Cuba would not be found. We want to maintain a special relationship with Cuba and therefore we will send an ambassador of high carat, as Dr. Bell"". On 7 March 2011, Bell was sworn in by President Santos on as Ambassador to Cuba in a ceremony at the Palace of Nariño.
Personal life.
Bell was married to María Mercedes De La Espriella and has one daughter named María Alexandra.[http://www.elheraldo.com.co/revistas/miercoles/99-03-17/noti5.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9762771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762771" title="Chad Cup">
Chad Cup

The Chad Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Chad football.

</doc>
<doc id="9762792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762792" title="River East Collegiate">
River East Collegiate

River East Collegiate is a public high school located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, that belongs to the River East Transcona School Division. River East has a school population of approximately 1,000 students. The school colours are blue and white and the school mascot is the Kodiak (Kody).
Programs.
Music.
River East Collegiate music program is headed by Jeff Kula.
Percussion Ensemble.
The River East Collegiate Percussion Ensemble, under the direction of Jeff Kula, rehearses once a week after school, and participation in the ensemble is strictly voluntary. The ensemble performs numerous times throughout the year, and annually does collaborative work with the Brandon University Percussion Ensemble.
Contemporary Music Ensemble.
The REC Contemporary Music Ensemble, under the direction of Jeff Kula, performs at one concert at the very end of the school year, performing pieces from such contemporary composers as John Cage and Steve Reich.
Jazz Band.
The River East Collegiate Jazz Band (under the direction of Jeff Kula) is an anomaly amongst high school jazz bands. The REC Jazz Band is a no-cut ensemble (except for rhythm section, which is one to a part. However, auxiliary percussion parts are available to those who audition for a rhythm section instrument and don't get the top spot). Roughly 50 students are part of this band, performing pieces by such jazz composers as Duke Ellington, Charles Mingus, and Miles Davis at bi-annual school jazz concerts (which are separate from concert band) and the Brandon Jazz Festival. Throughout the year, students are not forced to play solos, or have tests. However, they are required to fill out eight listening assignments throughout the two semesters. Enrollment in Jazz Band is worth one credit.
Jazz Orchestra.
The River East Collegiate Jazz Orchestra, under the direction of Jeff Kula, meets for rehearsal four times a week after school. Unlike the school's Jazz Band, Jazz Orchestra is an auditioned group that is strictly one to a part. The acceptance of the students really only comes down to experience. While the band takes part in numerous festivals every year, the band is best known for its participation in the Essentially Ellington High School Jazz Band Competition and Festival, which takes place each year at Lincoln Center in New York City. The band has been invited to play at the festival five times since 2003 (2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, and 2011). Furthermore, it is the only Canadian band to ever be invited to the festival. The Jazz Orchestra has been invited many times to play before the Winnipeg Jazz Orchestra. This course is worth 1 full credit.
Choir.
REC has two audition vocal jazz groups, Vocaleas and Jazzmyn. Jazzmyn is a vocal group that rehearses twice a week. Vocalese also rehearses twice a week but is an program for elite singers only.
In choral, from time to time, guests artists such as Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra have worked with the choral group. Students can audition to be solo. The style of music in choir uses modern and traditional. The choral group also has winter and spring concerts, and also participates in the Winnipeg Music festival.
Grade 10, 11 and 12 choir is called choral. The course is aimed at vocal technique and style for performance. Performance music includes popular and traditional styles. Students must attend all the concerts. Performances include winter and spring concerts and Winnipeg Music festival.
Extracurricular choir programs.
There are three choral performing ensembles at River East Collegiate: Vocal Jazz (Jazzmyn), Chamber Choir, and Vocalease. All courses are run by Ms. Ens. The Vocal Jazz 20G course is worth 1 credit. This course gives gifted and talented vocalists an opportunity to sing advanced four-part music together in a vocal jazz style. Enrollment is limited to 16 students (four students per vocal part). Performances include winter and spring concerts, Choral fest Jazz, and the Brandon Jazz Festival. Students are selected in September by audition only. Vocal Jazz 30S is worth 1 credit and is a continuation of Vocal Jazz 20. Vocal Jazz 40S is worth 1 credit and is a continuation of Vocal Jazz 20G and 30S. The other two courses are Chamber Choir and Vocalease is an audition only group. These courses meet outside of classes to practice for performances. These groups give performances at school concerts as well as the Brandon Jazz Festival.
Drama program.
River East is also well known for putting on great annual performances. For the 2010-2011 school year, River east put on a remake of the 1998 musical "Footloose", the first musical in fifteen years. Auditions were held in October, and the three performances started 12 April 2011.
Business education.
Business Education includes the courses Retailing 20S, Career Development 20S, Accounting Principles 30S, Promotions 30S, Law 40S, Management 40S and Accounting Systems 40S.
Retailing 20S.
A Grade 10 class, that is a basic introduction to retailing merchandising principles, skills and practices, doing "hands on" activities, also the opportunity to work on computers researching current topics.
Career Development 20S.
A Grade 10 course, that is designed to connect school learning with labour and workplace realities. This class will help students acquire knowledge and skills on how to make appropriate decisions in life, work and post-secondary education.
Accounting Principles 30S:
A Grade 11 course, which is made to help students who wish to develop skills required to meet challenges they will face in the world of accounting. The students will be given the opportunity to learn the basic concepts of accounting and the accounting process.
Promotions 30S:
A Grade 11 class, where students will be introduced to practices and principles of effective promotions and marketing. This class will focus on all major aspects of marketing in today's business world. The students studying marketing will gain knowledge of the marketplace and become more perceptive consumers.
Accounting Systems 40S:
A Grade 12 course, which will include an indepth study of computerized accounting by using the latest version of Simply Accounting for Windows. When students complete this course, they will be able to work in a computerized environment to set up, maintain and close a small business accounting system.
Law 40S:
A Grade 12 class, which provides an introduction to principles, practices and consequences of the Canadian legal system. This class will explore criminal law, civil law, contract law, labor law and consumer law. Also this is an excellent course for students who are interested in obtaining working knowledge of the law. The students in this class will include guest speakers and a trip to law courts.
Management 40S.
A Grade 12 course, where students will learn the techniques, concepts and ethics involved in management. Also they will develop critical thinking skills as they apply the learned concepts to practical projects. The students in the class will also manage various events such as grad, photo shoots and sporting events.
Technology courses.
River East Collegiate offers a wide variety of technology courses, varying from game development to Computer Science, Photography, and Desktop Publishing. These courses are teaching River East students how to use new technology in this world to help them with schooling and everyday life. Many students enjoy these courses since they are able to use the computers while learning new things. All of River East Collegiate Technology courses are listed below.
Multimedia
Basic Design 20S"
Students create animations and games using Flash and Photoshop or Fireworks. Design principles, design elements, storyboards, storytelling, and cartooning techniques are explored throughout this course.
Application Software 30S"
Multi-Media 40S"
The gaming industry has great career opportunities. This course is an invaluable starting point for competitive post-secondary career development. Students use advanced multi-media software to produce professional projects. Gaming concepts using Flash, Action Script as well as JavaScript is used to enhance websites. Students also learn the basic concepts of three-dimensional virtual modeling and 3D animation.
Animation 40S
Students learn how to use interactive technologies including animation using Flash, design in Photoshop, Podcasting using Garageband, and Web 2.0 skills.br />
Video Production 31G"
Video Production is a hands-on course in film making. Students begin with an in-depth look at the art, Language and technical aspects of making film through viewing, discussing and writing about film. Students then apply the skills they have learned by planning, filming and editing their own short films. Students who are creative thinkers and good storytellers and who have an interest in film, drama and computer technology may be interested in this course. This course is open to both grade 11 and grade 12 students.
'"Video Production 41G
The second level of Video Production allows students to continue their understanding of film as an art form and develop further skills in the film production process. Students study and analyze films from a variety of genres including foreign films, the documentary film and experimental films. Students learn about and use crew positions as they form groups to create their own films. This course introduces students to intermediate and advanced shooting and editing techniques, the use of studio lighting, scripting voice overs, as well as acting and directing for the screen. Students have the opportunity to create their own films including newscasts, experimental films, documentary films and short fiction films.
Graphic Design"'"
Composition & Design 20S"
This course provides students with the experience in global learning and digital connectivity using Web 2.0. Students use a variety of communication tools such as blogs, wikis, Google, Ning, and Skype to connect with students in various parts of the world. Animation using Windows Movie Maker and photo editing using Photoshop provides students with dynamic technology skills.
E-Media Presentation Technology 30S"
Students acquire skills to design for the web using Web 2.0 applications including blogs and wikis. Office2010 (Word and Publisher) will be used for document and PowerPoint for advanced effects with presentations. Ever wonder how Facebook, YouTube and Twitter are built? Students learn about interactive databases used in these programs in this course.
"'Desktop Publishing 
The art of photography is explored through a variety of photo shoots. Students learn to enhance their photographs using Photoshop. Design principles and elements are studied and incorporated throughout the course using InDesign. Students create a large array of print publications such as greeting cards, bookmarks, calendars and magazines.
Technical Courses""'
Exploring Industry Hardware 20S"
This course is an introduction to computer hardware, repair and configuration. Students also are required to disassemble and successfully reassemble computer equipment as well as troubleshoot and correct operating errors. Students successfully completing this course will have gained some valuable microcomputer technician skills. Students may choose to write the CISCO IT Essentials I exam.
Operating Systems 1 30S"
This course is designed to introduce students to the basic theory and structure of a computer operating system. Students learn how to prepare a computer system for the installation of one or more operating systems, how to maintain, utilize and troubleshoot the operating system and any installed components. Students also learn how to implement and administer a simple LAN (Local Area Network using peer to peer).
'"Network Technology 40S
This course introduces students to the basic theory of networking including topologies, protocols, cabling, and network devices, network addressing and sub netting. Students learn how to configure workstations and servers to interact in a domain-server configuration as well as connect to the Internet. Network operating systems may include: Linux, Windows 2003 Server and XP PRO with a mixture of client workstations. Upon successful completion of this course, students will receive their CISCO “Networking for Small Business” certification. This is a natural progression from Operating Systems 1 30S.
River East also offers a great Computer Science Program"'"
Computer Science 30S "
This entry level Computer Science course offers an introduction to programming with a heavy emphasis on problem solving. Programs will be written in the Visual Basic programming language. Topics include: IFTHEN statements, loops and procedures, arrays, animation and simple game creation.
Computer Science A - AP 42S"
This Advanced Placement course is the equivalent to a first year university level computer science course. It offers the study of advanced data structures and algorithms. Topics include: sets, maps, linked lists and different sorting and searching algorithms
Computer Science Honours 40S AP"
Students learn the Java programming language. Topics include: arrays, functions, character strings, inheritance, and polymorphism.
Computer Science 40S"
This Computer Science course studies the Java programming language. A strong emphasis is placed on programming style. Students learn object-oriented programming (OOP) using classes.
Computer Science Honours 20S AP"
This entry-level course is designed for students interested in computer science. Students should have strong problem-solving skills. Programming will be taught using the Scheme and Alice programming languages.
Industrial Technology.
The automotive program at REC is dynamic and hands on. Student will gain appreciation for the many complex systems on modern vehicles. Those planning a career in the transportation industry will benefit from their experience in these courses. Industrial safety is emphasized at all levels. Skills gained are transferable to many areas of study. Shop projects are balanced with classroom activities to enhance understanding.
Power mechanics Technology 20G
The grade 10 power Mechanics program provides students with an introduction to tools and basic automotive repair and maintenance. Students do not need any previous experience with tools or automobiles. The content of this course is presented with a variety of classroom and shop projects.
Power Mechanics Technology 20G (Girls Only)
This program is the same as the Power Mechanics technology 20G described above, but for girls only. This course will run if numbers are sufficient. Girl Power!
Power Mechanics Technology 30S
This course will build upon the knowledge gained in Power Mechanics Technology 20G. There is a focus on small engine theory and rebuilding. Many major systems of the automobile will be covered.
Applied Technology 40S
In this course students will continue to develop automotive skills. There is a focus on automotive electrical. In the latter portion of the course students will be able to apply their skills on a wide variety of automobile repairs. Access to an automobile would be an asset.
Other Offered Programs.
The Advanced Placement Program.
River East Collegiate, along with many other schools, offers the Advanced Placement program (A.P.). "If you feel that regular courses are not enough of a challenge, then AP may be a good choice for you." AP is a program designed for students in grades 10, 11 and 12 that are willing to learn at a higher level. Students get ready for university by learning about time management and receive an amount of work a university student would get. Teachers recommend that you have a 75% or higher in regular courses if you choose to enroll in AP courses. Many courses are offered at this level. Some of these courses are math, English, geography, French, biology, chemistry and others. Some students that take Advanced Placement courses can even get their first year university credit - saving time and money.
Also to make up for the fact that normal courses are not as difficult, AP students receive an additional 5% to their final mark in their AP course.
CIP.
CIP (Career Internship Program) is a high school to work transition program. Students involved with the program are offered on-the-job experience and classroom study to help them make the post grad transition. Although students are not paid for their work with cooperating employers, each student earns credit towards their high school diploma.
Peer Tutoring Program.
The Peer Tutoring Program is a service "run by the students, for the students". Students with an average of 80% or higher in a course offer their talents by signing up for this program in hopes of helping other students meet their goals. This service is alvailable to all grades for both tutoring and being tutored. Once a tutor and a tutee are matched up they simply choose a specific time to meet and then they are all ready to go. The program is monitored by the River East Collegiate resource teacher. Students who volunteer to be a tutor are awarded by the school at the end of the year.
Exchange Programs.
The Exchange Program is something River East specializes in. "It gives opportunity to students worldwide, so they have the chance to experience a new lifestyle and culture. The amount of time they spend in their exchange home may vary depending on what it is that their school provides. Regardless, we have many different students coming from many different countries! Such as Nina Bestmann from Germany, Brazil, Ecuador, Mexico, Korea and Quebec".
Sports.
River East Collegiate has many teams at both the Junior Varsity and Varsity levels. They have male and female teams in Basketball, Volleyball, Soccer, Golf, Hockey and Indoor/Outdoor Track and Field and a male-only Football team. They compete in the Kildonan Peguis Athletic Conference (KPAC). The school football team won the first annual Peguis Bowl in 2007 when they defeated their rival Miles Macdonell Collegiate Buckeyes by a score of 28-0. The school has a tradition of athletic success and hundreds of KPAC championship banners hang in the gym (some dating back to the 1960s).
Varsity Football.
River East had previously been in the first division (Potter Division) until 2009 when they moved down to the second division (Vidryk Division); where they made it to a semi-finals with only their second loss and a 7 - 2 final record with the coaching staff winning the Coaching Staff of the Year in their division. They moved back up to first division the next year later; but after only winning one game that year and losing in the first round of the play-offs they moved back down to the second Division and have remained there in the 2011 & 2012 seasons. Their last varsity championship was 1997. In the 2012 season the Kodiaks finished 3rd, being eliminated in the semi-finals by the Kelvin Klippers. They played a good season with a final record of 6 and 3.
Varsity Girls Volleyball.
River East has always had a very strong varsity girls volleyball team". The season is from September till mid November. They were provincial champions 4 times in a row from 1997-2001. Every year they have played very strong against one of the strongest teams which is Lord Selkirk. This year the 2010-11 team was KPAC champions and beat Lord Selkirk in provincial finals.
Junior Varsity Girls Basketball.
River East has a very successful reputation for sports, one of them being basketball. The JV teams participate in KPAC, with the season starting in December, and ending in March. As well with these games, they participate in many tournaments. Throughout the years they have won many KPAC banners and they sometimes participate in the provincials.
In the past, the JV girl basketball team have won the KPAC conference in these years (There were many back-to-back wins):
Girls' hockey.
The River east Kodiaks girls’ hockey team runs from October till about March. They have a team of 11 players and 1 goalie. They are led by the coaching staff of Mr. Akerstream, Mr. Valiquette, Pat and Karey. Last year the Kodiak girls were placed on the B side, and were in the finals, but lost with only a few seconds left. It was a close series. This year for season 2012- 2013 the girls were placed on the B side, and so far they are succeeding with wins, and no loses. They continue to succeed throughout the year and hope to win a championship. The girls work well as a team, never individual play. On the ice the girls all have great chemistry. The new rookies on board this year are doing very well and continue to succeed along with the grade 11’s and 12’s. In conclusion all the players and coaches get along very well. The grade 12 girls did a very good job of making the rookies feel comfortable around the team. They showed very good leadership.
Boys hockey.
This year the River East Kodiaks boy’s hockey team is made up of 15- to 18-year old boys. The team’s record is 3-7 and the team is ranked 9th in the ‘A’ division. The team will be participating in several tournaments in Winnipeg and late November the team will be visiting Ontario Canada. Also this year we are pleased to be hosting the High School Provincials in our territory. The head coach for the boy’s hockey team is Mr.Zajac. The team is made up of several grades - 10, 11 and also 12. This year the boys and coaches are hoping for the best and aiming to win City Champs or Provincials.
Girls' soccer.
River East girls soccer team has been very successful the last 15 years. The outdoor soccer team has won 9 out of the last 15 KPAC championships. The won in the 1995- 1996 school year, as well as 1997-1998, 2002–2003, 2003–2004, 2005–2006, 2007–2008, 2008–2009 and 2009-2010. The team also won the Manitoba Provincial Championships in 2005 beating Glenlawn in the Finals. The River East soccer team has girls from all 3 grades 10, 11 and 12. To make the team you to attend the open tryouts before the soccer season, they usually carry a roster anywhere from 14 -18 girls depending on numbers. Besides just outdoor soccer River East is one of the few schools in the KPAC division to field an indoor team as well.
Junior varsity football.
The junior varsity (JV) league was first introduced in 2009 and was made for grade 9 and grade 10 players only. River East joined this league in 2009 and went on to win the championship that same year. The Kodiaks did not have a JV team in the 2010 league due to lack of grade 10 players and loss of coaching staff. The few grade 10 players in 2010 played with the varsity Kodiak football team. In 2011, they once again had enough enrolment to form a team and went on to win the Junior Varsity Division with a school record of 11–0 perfect season with the coaching staff winning the Coaching Staff of the Year in their division.

</doc>
<doc id="9762814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762814" title="Epiphytic fungus">
Epiphytic fungus

An epiphytic fungus is a fungus that grows upon, or attached to, a living plant. The term epiphytic derives from the Greek "epi-" (meaning 'upon') and "phyton" (meaning 'plant').
Examples.
Many examples of epiphytic microorganisms exist. The ergoline alkaloids found in "Convolvulaceae" are produced by a seed-transmitted epiphytic clavicipitaceous fungus .

</doc>
<doc id="9762819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762819" title="Dunedin High School">
Dunedin High School

Dunedin High School is a high school in Dunedin, Florida, U.S. It is operated by the Pinellas County Schools school district. The school mascot is Freddie the Falcon. The official school colors are red and white, though red and black have become the unofficial, and more popular, school colors.
NJROTC.
The Naval Junior Reserve Officer's Training Corps program provides an opportunity for cadets to learn valuable leadership skills, citizenship skills, and the value of commitment, honor and courage (the Navy's core values). Dunedin High School's NJROTC unit has been awarded the Distinguished Unit award four times in a row, from 2007-2010. This award is the highest honor any NJROTC unit can earn. DHS's NJROTC unit has also won the state Orienteering championships for Florida, 3 years in a row, from 2007–2009.
The Navy JROTC is the only one of five JROTC programs in the county.
Scottish Highlander Band.
The Scottish Highlander Band is one of the biggest organizations on campus and most prominent. There are several different ensembles within the program including: Marching band, concert band, jazz band, percussion ensemble, orchestra, and pipe band. All of the ensembles mentioned have won many awards.
In 2012-2013 school year the band added in a color guard

</doc>
<doc id="9762820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762820" title="Taenianotus triacanthus">
Taenianotus triacanthus

Taenianotus triacanthus is a species of marine fish which is the sole member of the genus Taenianotus. It is commonly known as the leaf scorpionfish or paperfish.
Description.
The leaf scorpionfish is about long. The color of this fish varies from green, red, pink, brown, ocher and yellowish to a ghostly white. The fish is almost as flat as a leaf and resembles a leaf in many other ways. The head and mouth are large. Through their eyes there is a dark line. The large dorsal fin starts just behind the eyes and has 12 spines and 8 to 11 soft rays. The anal fin has 3 spines and 5 to 6 soft rays. The venom of the leaf fish is considerably weaker than that of the lionfish and stonefish. The skin often has blotches that enhance a camouflage effect. This fish has appendages around the mouth, and sometimes real algae and hydroids grow on its skin. 
This fish molts every 10 to 14 days, and can change colors after the molt.
Behavior.
The leaf fish resembles a dead leaf lying in the water. To enhance this camouflage it even makes gentle sideways movements in its pelvic area which make it resemble a drifting inert object. It is an ambush predator, waiting until a suitable prey, a small fish or shrimp approaches. Then it slowly moves with its pectoral fins close to the victim. When the leaf fish is close enough, the prey is sucked in by a sudden opening of its mouth. It eats victims up to half its body length but larger animals are completely ignored.
Distribution and habitat.
"Taenianotus triacanthus" is widespread from east African coast and the Red Sea to the tropical Indo-Pacific, up to the Galapagos Islands, the Ryukyu Islands, Hawaii and the coast of New South Wales. This species can be found in tropical waters on coral reefs, from shallow water to a depth of 130 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="9762825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762825" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom

Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1989/1990.
Final point standings.
In Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1989/90 all results count.
Men's Giant Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9762832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762832" title="Cosmic Odyssey">
Cosmic Odyssey

Cosmic Odyssey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9762837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762837" title="Venture Transport">
Venture Transport

The Venture Transport Company was a major operator of bus services in the Derwent Valley between Consett and Newcastle upon Tyne. The company was absorbed by The Northern General Transport Company in 1970.
Resurrection of the Venture name.
Shortly after deregulation, Go-Ahead Northern brought back the Venture name for services from the former Venture depot in High Spen. More recently Go North East has reintroduced the name to promote services in the Consett area.

</doc>
<doc id="9762838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762838" title="Otto Lohse">
Otto Lohse

Otto Lohse (21 September 1859 - 5 May 1925) was a German conductor and composer.
Born in Dresden, Lohse studied with Hans Richter and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory. In 1882 he became conductor of two music societies in Riga, the Wagner Society and the Imperial Russian Music Society; seven year's later he became the first "kapellmeister" of the city's Stadttheater. In 1893 he became director of the Hamburg Stadttheater; while in Hamburg he married singer Katharina Klafsky. The couple traveled to the United States in 1896 to join the Damrosch Opera Company, returning to Germany a year later. From then on, Lohse held important conductorial posts at Strassburg (1897-1904), Riga Stadttheater (1899-1900), Cologne (1903–11), the Théâtre de la Monnaie (1911–12), and the Stadttheater in Leipzig (1912–23). He also directed performances of Richard Wagner's music dramas at Covent Garden, London, from 1901 until 1904. Lohse received the honorary title of Royal Professor in 1916. His only opera, "Der Prinz wider Willen", was performed in Riga in 1890.
Lohse died in Baden-Baden in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="9762844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762844" title="Hogg Rock">
Hogg Rock

Hogg Rock is a tuya volcano in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon, located west of Santiam Pass beside the Santiam Highway (U.S. Route 20 / Oregon Route 126). The highway wraps in a nearly 180-degree curve below cliffs on the south and west sides.
Hogg Rock is only about north of Hayrick Butte, a somewhat larger tuya of similar age and composition. A tuya is a type of subglacial volcano, formed when lava erupts underneath an overlying glacier or ice sheet and then melts through to the surface and pools, producing the flat plateau on top with near-vertical walls along the ice-contact margin as the lava cools and hardens. Unlike most tuyas which have steep cliffs on all sides, Hogg Rock has a break in its cliffs on the east side, with a moderate slope which leads down to a small road and gravel pit.
History.
Hogg Rock was named after Colonel T. Egenton Hogg, the promoter of a railroad—Oregon Pacific Railroad—that was supposed to cross the Cascades in this location.
His railroad was based at Corvallis and became known as the Oregon Pacific Railroad (not to be confused with the current railroad of that name). His plan called for a railroad from Yaquina Bay on the Oregon Coast to Idaho via Corvallis and Santiam Pass. By the end of 1884, he completed the rail into Corvallis from the coast and reached Albany by 1886. He then worked up the North Santiam River and completed trackage as far as Idanha before running out of money in 1890. In a final desperate effort to claim the pass for his railroad, he laid rails over Santiam Pass near Hogg Rock and pulled a box car back and forth on them to lay a claim to rail service there in 1890. Hogg went bankrupt and E. H. Harriman of the Southern Pacific Railroad gained control of the line in 1907. The trackage east of Mill City was abandoned when Detroit Dam and Big Cliff Dam were built in 1950, and the dreams of a trans-Oregon railroad terminating at Corvallis was gone.

</doc>
<doc id="9762859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762859" title="Gollapally, Karimnagar">
Gollapally, Karimnagar

Gollapally (also referred as Gollapalle or Gollapalli) is a town of around 8000 residents, located in Karimnagar district of Telangana state in India. It is located at 208 km distance from its State Capital city Hyderabad. It is also the "mandal" or headquarters of the area, consisting of 25 villages. It falls under Peddapalli constituency for the Lok Sabha and Dharmapuri constituency for the state assembly. Gram panchayat (sarpanch) of Gollapally is reserved for SCs.
Gollapally is situated 47 km to the north of district headquarters Karimnagar. Using the road transportation, Gollapally town is nearly 65 km from the district capital Karimnagar via Jagtial road, and 58 km from Karimnagar via Dharmaram road. The distance between Jagtial (also called Jagityal), a nearby town and Gollapally is 16 km via road. Gollapally mandal is surrounded by 6 other mandals: Pegadapally mandal towards South, Velgatoor and Dharmaram mandals towards East, Dharmapuri and Sarangapur mandals towards north, Mallial and Jagtial mandals towards west.
The major occupations of residents in this town are agriculture and trading of crops produced by adjacent villages.
Postal code: 505532
STD code: 91-8724
Gollapally mandal has 8 schools in it, 2 privately run and 6 government run schools. The names of the schools in Gollapally town as of 2009 are as follows.
Gollapally town has many temples such as Ramalayam, Hanuman Temple and Shivalayam etc. Ramalayam (Temple of Lord Rama) was built on top of a hill adjacent to the town and attracts thousands of devotees every year especially on the eve of Rama Navami. On that day, anna dana is typically held attended by many devotees across the mandal.
Villages.
The following is the list of village panchayats in Gollapally mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9762896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762896" title="Setarches armata">
Setarches armata

Scorpaenopsella armata is a species of deep-sea bristly scorpionfish known only from the Pacific Ocean around the Philippines where it occurs at a depth . This species may be a junior synonym of one of its congeners.

</doc>
<doc id="9762916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762916" title="Spiral (2007 film)">
Spiral (2007 film)

Spiral is a 2007 psychological thriller produced by Coattails Entertainment and Ariescope Pictures. The film stars Joel David Moore, Amber Tamblyn, Zachary Levi, and Tricia Helfer. Spiral was co-directed by Moore and Adam Green. The original screenplay for the film was written by Moore and Jeremy Danial Boreing.
"Spiral" was an Official Selection and was awarded the "Gold Vision" Award at the 22nd Annual Santa Barbara International Film Festival in 2007. The "Gold Vision" Award is given for the "most innovative and unique film with an inspiring and groundbreaking vision."
"Spiral" was filmed in Portland, Oregon. The film grossed $3,072 in the USA.
Plot.
The story follows lonely introvert Mason, a telesales insurance company worker by day and talented painter as well as a lover of classic Jazz by night. His only friend is his boss, Berkeley (Levi), who keeps an eye on him and humors his bizarre behavior. When awkward Mason meets social Amber, a new co worker, he begins to come out of himself, and reveals the depth and darkness of his mind.
Critical reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. As of February 17, 2008, the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 60% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 5 reviews. Metacritic reported the film had a weighted average score of 40 out of 100, based on 4 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9762918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762918" title="South Korean Figure Skating Championships">
South Korean Figure Skating Championships

The South Korean Figure Skating Championships () are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of South Korea. Skaters compete in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing. The event is organized by the Korean Skating Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9762922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762922" title="Kirby (series)">
Kirby (series)

The series is a fantasy video game series developed by HAL Laboratory and Nintendo, and produced by Nintendo. The gameplay of a majority of the games in the series consists mainly of action, platform and puzzle-solving elements. The series is known for its bright and artistic settings; simplistic gameplay; cute characters; upbeat, cheerful music; and the protagonist's in-game ability to inhale enemies, thereby gaining a characteristic ability from them. Currently, the "Kirby" series includes a total of over twenty games, and has sold over 30 million units worldwide.
Overview.
All of the games in the "Kirby" series feature a pink spherical creature named Kirby as the main playable character and protagonist. Kirby frequently saves the world he resides in from various powerful antagonists, the most recurring one being King Dedede, the self-proclaimed ruler of Dream Land (a region of Pop Star). King Dedede has appeared in every "Kirby" game except for "Kirby & the Amazing Mirror". Another major character of the series is the enigmatic Meta Knight, a chivalrous warrior who often assists Kirby, but, depending on his intentions, will fight against Kirby to get things as he desires.
The games' fantasy world of Pop Star includes many regions of different climates and terrains, which are home to many different creatures. Each game features uniquely named areas, but all games feature typical locations such as fiery caverns, open meadows, water-filled or submerged areas, icy mountains, and similar nature-based places. Most games in the series also contain a castle, which more often than not belongs to King Dedede.
The main "Kirby" games feature a mixture of basic side-scrolling platform gameplay, unique puzzles, and a number of hidden items that either unlock more parts to the game or are simple incentives to collect, and are usually required to collect to achieve a 100% completion rate in the game. These elements have remained constant throughout most the series, with each game having its own unique twist to affect gameplay. There are also several unique "side" games in the series, which involve a variety of different gaming genres such as pinball, puzzle, racing, even a game based on motion-sensor technology. A number of these side games take advantage of Kirby's unique ball-like appearance.
Nearly every platform "Kirby" game involves traversing through a number of areas, each containing around one to six stages, and defeating the boss enemy of each area along the way. Kirby's signature method of dispatching enemies found in the stages is by using his ability of inhaling with extreme power, literally sucking the enemies into his mouth. If Kirby inhales and eats the correct enemy, he can acquire a special ability from them, which he can then use to attack further enemies. Each of these abilities are unique, such as breathing fire, wielding a sword, launching sparks in every direction, or attacking enemies with direct hand-to-hand combat.
In the platform games, several of the bosses have a special item, which must be taken from them by defeating them. These special items usually relate to the final boss of the game, most often used to create a special weapon required to defeat it. In some games, the special weapon is optional and can be used in the game regularly after defeating the final boss with it.
While a traditional "Kirby" game can be called a side-scrolling platform game, it cannot really be called a traditional platformer. One of the things that sets a "Kirby" game apart from most of them is Kirby's ability to inflate and fly for as long as he likes—however, in "", he can get tired after a while. Like a stereotypical platform game character, Kirby can also land on his enemies to attack them—though, unlike most of them, Kirby must fall from an appropriate altitude to do this.
History.
The first game in the "Kirby" series, "Kirby's Dream Land" for the original Game Boy, was released in Japan in April 1992 and later in the United States in August that year. A simple game, consisting of only five levels, it introduced the main protagonist Kirby, main antagonist King Dedede, and Kirby's ability to inhale enemies and objects. The game features a second adventure, known as the "Extra Game", which features stronger enemies. The North American box art showed a white Kirby, although the Japanese box art had the correct pink coloring.
The second game, "Kirby's Adventure", was first released in the U.S. in May 1993. "Kirby's Adventure" introduced the concept of 'copying' the abilities of enemies, and as one of the last games created for the Nintendo Entertainment System, featured astonishing graphics and sound that pushed the hardware's capabilities to the limit. It was re-released in 2002 on the Game Boy Advance, retitled as "", featuring greatly updated graphics and sound.
After "Kirby's Adventure", the "Kirby" series received a number of "side" games. "Kirby's Pinball Land", released in November 1993, is a pinball game featuring Kirby as the pinball. "Kirby's Dream Course", released in the U.S. in February 1995, is a unique golf-based game which features an isometric graphic design. "Kirby's Avalanche", released in February 1995 only in the U.S. and Europe, is a puzzle game known to be a cloned version of the Japanese game "Puyo Puyo".
"Kirby's Dream Land 2", released in Japan and the U.S. in March 1995, continued using the ability-copying idea first featured in "Kirby's Adventure", but lowered the number of abilities to seven. The game introduced three animal companions: Rick the Hamster, Coo the Owl, and Kine the Ocean Sunfish. Pairing up with any of these three alters how Kirby's abilities work. Also introduced was Gooey, a dark-colored blob-like creature, who could be found in a bag. The major boss enemy Dark Matter was also introduced in this game. The game was to be remade for the Game Boy Color as "Kirby's Dream Land 2 DX", but was cancelled.
"Kirby's Block Ball", released in November 1995 in the U.S., is a variation of the game "Breakout", featuring multiple levels, some of Kirby's copy abilities, and various enemies in unique boss battles.
"Kirby Super Star", known as "Hoshi no Kirby Super Deluxe" in Japan and "Kirby's Fun Pak" in Europe, was released in the U.S. in September 1996. "Kirby Super Star" is composed of eight separate games, and features several characters and abilities which have not appeared since in the series. The game features "Helpers", which can be created by sacrificing the ability currently in use, to help the player dispatch enemies.
In 1996, a Kirby mini-game series entitled was released via the St.GIGA satellite broadcasting system for the Nintendo Satellaview. These mini-games were not released simultaneously but were each given a unique broadcast date. Mini-game titles included: "Arrange Ball", "Ball Rally", "Baseball", "Cannonball", "Guru Guru Ball", "Hoshi Kuzushi", "Pachinko", and "Pinball".
Released in 1997, "Kirby's Star Stacker" is a puzzle game which involves touching two or more similar blocks together that have Kirby's animal friends on them. The game received a sequel on the Super Famicom in 1998 in Japan as "Kirby no Kirakira Kizzu".
"Kirby's Dream Land 3", released in November 1997 in the U.S., is a direct sequel to "Kirby's Dream Land 2", as it featured the return of Kirby's animal friends. Similarly to "Kirby's Dream Land 2", "Kirby's Dream Land 3" features a few copy abilities which were modified when Kirby paired up with one of his six animal friends. The game had a multiplayer option with the second player controlling Gooey, a recurring character. The antagonist was, once again, Dark Matter, and if certain conditions are met, 0 (Zero) was fought as the true final boss. The game had a unique pastel-drawing art style and used dithering to improve visual performance.
The first game to have 3D graphics in the "Kirby" series, "", was released on the Nintendo 64 in the U.S. in June 2000. The game features a unique compound ability system that allows two of the seven abilities in the game to be merged, making a new compound ability. It also marked the first playable instance of King Dedede, where sections of some stages had Kirby riding piggyback while King Dedede attacked enemies and obstacles with his hammer. It is considered a direct follow-up to Kirby's Dream Land 3 due to the reemergence of Dark Matter and the final boss, albeit in a different form, called 02 (Zero Two). It also included three four-player minigames.
The next game in the "Kirby" series, "Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble" became one of Nintendo's first motion-sensor-based games in August 2000. Players are instructed to tilt the Game Boy Color to move Kirby on the screen. Quickly flicking the Game Boy Color upwards would make Kirby jump into the air. "Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble" is currently the only "Kirby" game to have a special cartridge color (transparent pink) in the U.S.
The only "Kirby" game for the Nintendo GameCube, "Kirby Air Ride", was released in the U.S. in October 2003. It is a racing game which deviates greatly from usual "Kirby" titles, although still featuring series staples including enemies and copy abilities.
"Kirby & the Amazing Mirror" was released in October 2004 on the Game Boy Advance. It is the second game released on that system, following "". It features Kirby in a maze format, unique to the series. Also unique was the in-game phone, which can be used to summon up to three additional copies of Kirby to fight enemies and solve puzzles.
The next game in the series is "", released on the Nintendo DS in Japan on March 24, 2005, North America on June 13, 2005, Europe on November 25, 2005, and Australia on April 6, 2006. Unlike most previous "Kirby" games, the player does not directly control Kirby with a directional pad, analog stick, face buttons, or shoulder buttons. Instead, Kirby is a helpless ball, and can only move when he gains momentum, the player painting paths with the stylus to direct his movement.
This was followed by "" in late 2006, also on the Nintendo DS, which revived traditional "Kirby" gameplay and dabbled in the use of the touch screen to store several items and copy abilities in Kirby's stomach. Ability scrolls could be found that served as upgrades for each ability, giving them additional moves and/or enhanced functionality. An unlockable copy ability was also introduced.
An untitled "Kirby" platform game originally planned to be released on the Nintendo GameCube was thought to be canceled for some time before being re-announced for the Wii. Although "Kirby's Epic Yarn" was announced and released for the Wii in 2010, it was actually an entirely different project from the untitled game, which, in January 2011, finally resurfaced with an altered design and motif. "Kirby's Epic Yarn" began development as an original title by Good-Feel called "Fluff of Yarn", but was given the "Kirby" license at Nintendo's proposal.
"Kirby Super Star Ultra", announced for the Nintendo DS in early fall 2007 and released on September 22, 2008 in North America, is a remake of "Kirby Super Star". In addition to the nine games from "Kirby Super Star", seven new games have been added. It features updated graphics, pre-rendered cutscenes, and a map on the touch screen.
A fourth game for the DS was released in North America on September 19, 2011, titled "Kirby Mass Attack". The game features multiple copies of Kirby in touch screen-based gameplay reminiscent of titles such as "Lemmings".
The aforementioned Wii game, "Kirby's Return to Dream Land" (tentatively titled "Kirby Wii") was finally released on Wii in North America on October 24, 2011, returning to the traditional Kirby gameplay and allowing up to four players to play simultaneously. Players 2-4 could choose to play as Meta Knight, King Dedede and/or Waddle Dee, each with dedicated abilities; they could also play as different-colored Kirbys which offered power copying abilities, or as a mixture of the options.
An anthology disc for the Wii called "Kirby's Dream Collection" was released on July 19, 2012 in Japan and was released on September 16, 2012 in North America to celebrate Kirby's 20th Anniversary. It includes six games from the early history of the series, which are "Kirby's Dream Land", "Kirby's Adventure", "Kirby's Dream Land 2", "Kirby Super Star", "Kirby's Dream Land 3", and "Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards". It also has new Challenge Stages that run on the engine of "Kirby's Return to Dream Land" (known in Europe and Australia as "Kirby's Adventure Wii"), and a Kirby history section, which includes three episodes from "Hoshi no Kirby" ("" in North America). Similarly to the Super Mario 25th Anniversary packaging in 2010, a booklet and a soundtrack containing music from the various games in the series are released alongside the disc.
On October 1, 2013, a new Kirby game for the Nintendo 3DS was announced, later named "". The game was released in Japan on January 11, 2014, North America on May 2, 2014, and Europe on May 16, 2014. It incorporated action spanning varied depths, where Kirby could swap between the foreground and background areas. It included a multiplayer fighting mode called "Kirby Fighters," where players could choose one of ten available abilities and fight on themed stages, with the winner being the last Kirby standing. It also included a rhythm-based action game starring King Dedede. There were also over 250 in-game "keychains" to collect that featured sprites from previous Kirby games as well some original sprites based on characters from Triple Deluxe.
At E3 2014, a new game for the Wii U was announced. Tentatively titled "Kirby and the Rainbow Curse", the game is a direct sequel to "Kirby: Canvas Curse" and features a similar gameplay style.
Fictional universe.
The "Kirby" series has developed a considerably large universe over its many releases. The setting of the games was originally Dream Land, which was revealed to be a part of the planet Pop Star in "Kirby Super Star". Kirby’s adventures went on a planetary scale in "", where Kirby and friends visited other similarly named planets in the galaxy Pop Star belongs to while collecting the shards of a crystal that Dark Matter had shattered. Kirby also visits nearby planets in "Milky Way Wishes", one of Kirby Super Star's subgames. However, these planets have yet to appear again, as all of Kirby's further adventures have occurred entirely on Pop Star. (Except for in Kirby's Epic Yarn, in which the majority of the game takes place in Patch Land.)
According to "", Pop Star looks like a star-shaped (not a ball) with five points. It has two rings moving up and down and pulses every second.
Nature of the protagonist.
Kirby is a small, pink, spherical creature with large red shoes (Or feet), stubby flap-like arms and trademark pink cheek-blushes. His body is soft and flexible, allowing him to be flattened. He is referred to as male in the animated series, and is roughly 8 inches tall. He is from the planet Pop Star, where he lives in a domed house in Dream Land. His appearance has changed subtly over the years, becoming more rounded and defined, mainly in his face and larger eyes. The new design has been used in all subsequent games.
Kirby does not commonly speak, mainly only saying "hi" in such games as "Super Smash Bros.", "Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards", and speaking in the stories written in some games' instruction manuals. He rarely speaks in-game, the only exception being "Kirby's Avalanche". He narrates the functions of Copy Abilities on the start menu in "Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land", "Kirby & the Amazing Mirror" and "Kirby: Squeak Squad". Most in-game talking Kirby does is in "Kirby's Star Stacker", where Kirby explains the game's rules and gameplay. Kirby has dialogue in "Kirby's Epic Yarn", but it is all spoken through the game's narrator.
Other media.
Anime.
The "Kirby" series was made into an anime on October 6, 2001, originally titled Hoshi no Kaabii, which was produced by "Warpstar Inc.", a company formed between a joint investment between Nintendo and HAL Laboratory, Inc. It was licensed in North America by 4Kids Entertainment, under the title Kirby: Right Back at Ya!, on 4Kids TV, and was distributed by 20th Century Fox, Nelvana Limited, and HAL Laboratory, Inc. It ended in Japan in 2003 with 100 episodes.
The show is about the adventures Kirby has with his friends after he crash lands in Dream Land, on Pop Star. He is a legendary Star Warrior destined to save the planet from destruction by the evil Nightmare. The ruler of Dream Land, King Dedede, orders monsters from Nightmare's company, Nightmare Enterprises, to attack Kirby and the people of Dream Land. The show is based on the game series (especially "Kirby's Adventure"), using characters and concepts, rather than completely copying any of the games.
Comics and manga.
Kirby stars in several manga series, none of which have been released outside Japan yet. The longest running series is "Kirby of the Stars" (a rough English translation of "Hoshi no Kirby"), written by Hirokazu Hikawa. This series was announced for a release in America by VIZ Media, but was never actually released.
Other "Kirby" manga are typically one-shot comedy 4koma based on the games, and have multiple artists. They have recurring themes and running gags.
Kirby also appears in several German comics, featuring him as a detective and King Dedede as his friend. His animal friends also appear in the German comics as pets of a female Kirby look-alike with red glass slippers. In one comic, he meets Lolo, Lala, and Lulu, the protagonists of the "Adventures of Lolo" series. The German comics were meant to let German "Kirby" fans know of "Kirby" games which would be released there.
Cancelled games.
In the lifetime of the "Kirby" series, several video games have been in development that, for various reasons, were ultimately abandoned. Such titles include "Kirby's Air Ride 64" (also known as "Kirby Bowl 64") on the Nintendo 64, the former eventually being released on the Nintendo GameCube as "Kirby Air Ride".
"Kirby's Tilt 'n' Tumble 2" on the Nintendo GameCube, which was supposed to use a combination of motion-sensor technology and connectivity to the Game Boy Advance via the Nintendo GameCube Game Boy Advance Cable.
There was also a planned game called "Kid Kirby" that was to be released on the Super Nintendo. The game would have served as a prequel to the series and would have utilized the SNES mouse. The game was cancelled due to the declining sales of the mouse; however, early screenshots of the cancelled game have been posted online. This unreleased game was developed by DMA Design for Nintendo and was scheduled for 1995.
"Kirby" in other video games.
Kirby appears in "Super Smash Bros." for the Nintendo 64, a crossover fighting game featuring many Nintendo characters, such as Mario and Link. Kirby also appears in the game's sequels, "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl". In "Brawl", Meta Knight and King Dedede are also playable characters. Knuckle Joe, an enemy from the Kirby series, also appears in Brawl via an assist trophy. Kirby has also had cameo appearances in other games such as ', "EarthBound" and '.

</doc>
<doc id="9762937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762937" title="Pogonoscorpius sechellensis">
Pogonoscorpius sechellensis

Pogonoscorpius sechellensis is a species of scorpionfish native to the Indian Ocean from the vicinity of the Seychelles where it has been found at depths down to . This species reaches a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="9762956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762956" title="Youngstown Playhouse">
Youngstown Playhouse

The Youngstown Playhouse, based in the former industrial center of Youngstown, Ohio, is one of the nation's oldest and most respected community theaters.
Early years.
The Youngstown Playhouse traces its origins to February 16, 1927, when several local drama organizations formed a single organization called the Youngstown Players. With the support of local civic leaders, the group eventually secured its own building. The Youngstown Playhouse was initially housed in a renovated 19th-century barn. In 1940, supporters of the Playhouse raised $30,000 to build a new facility. Instead, the money was used to renovate a vacant movie house for live theater. Two years later, the Playhouse christened its new location with a production of "Camille of Roaring Camp".
Transformation.
During World War II, the Youngstown Playhouse raised its artistic standards considerably. Under the artistic direction of Broadway director Arthur Sircom, the Playhouse became known as a training ground for professional actors. Local theatrical figures who gained experience at the Youngstown Playhouse included the late dramatic screen actress Elizabeth Hartman. In 1959, the Playhouse moved to a new two-theater building on Glenwood Avenue.
Recognition.
Believed by some observers to be the oldest continuously operating community theater in the country, the Youngstown Playhouse was the only community theater in Ohio to receive major institutional support from the Ohio Arts Council.
In October 2008, after financial problems caused by mismanagement, the Playhouse closed its doors temporarily. The playhouse removed the management, and changed the structure of the organization to board governed / volunteer run. The playhouse continues to produce shows to date.
Present.
Currently, the Youngstown Playhouse is managed by Executive Director, Mary Ruth Lynn.

</doc>
<doc id="9762969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9762969" title="Gerd Jendraschek">
Gerd Jendraschek

Jendraschek, Gerd is a German linguist specialized in Basque, Turkish, and Iatmul (a language from the East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea). He was Assistant Professor of General and Comparative Linguistics at the University of Regensburg, Germany, until July 2012, and a Korea Foundation Fellow from September 2012 until August 2013. He is currently participating in Korean language training at Sogang University, Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9763010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763010" title="Education in Jamaica">
Education in Jamaica

Education in Jamaica is primarily modeled on the British system.
Early childhood education.
Early childhood education includes Basic, Infant and privately operated pre-schools. The age cohort is usually 1 – 6 years. The Government of Jamaica began its support for the development of early childhood education, care and development in 1942. There are 2,595 early childhood institutions. Of these, 183 are not recognized by the government, 401 are day care centers, approximately 100 are infant schools and 5 are special education schools which offer early childhood care. The enrollment rate between 4 and 6 years is 62% - one of the highest rates in the region.
Primary Education.
Primary education in Jamaica addresses the basic educational needs of students and prepares them for Secondary Education. It includes children between the ages of 5–11 years. Under the Caribbean Examination Council's Revised Primary Curriculum,[http://www.moeyc.gov.jm/divisions/ed/core/curricula.htm student assessment has changed significantly from what was generally an automatic promotion to secondary school through the former Common Entrance Examination at the end of Grade 6. Since 1999, the National Assessment Program (NAP) has been utilizing a variety of teaching strategies to ensure that learning experiences are more broad based and student centered. NAP adopts an integrated approach from grades 1-3 and a discrete subject area for grades 4-6. 
The students make a prioritized list of 5 schools they wish to attend, and based on the results from the GSAT, they are placed at a school from their list. Some schools have a higher cut off score, generally schools with a history of high academic performance.
Secondary Education.
Students are exposed to a wide range of subjects, including Spanish and French as 2nd languages. Generally, Integrated Science is generally taught until the 3rd form, where students begin taking Physics, Biology and Chemistry as separate subjects. Some schools group students based on their academic achievement the year prior. This can greatly impact what subjects some students might be able to take later on in school, and what teachers they might be assigned to.
In 4th form, students choose anywhere from 6-10 subjects (8 is the standard) that they will sit in the Caribbean Examination Council's O-Level school leaving examinations. Students are free to create their own curricula which must include but cannot be limited to: Mathematics and English Language all others are optional though some schools tend to make at least 1 other compulsory. Most students take at least one foreign language. Other subjects include: History, Geography, Agricultural Science, Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Spanish, French, Accounting, Principles of Business, Information Technology, Religious Education, Technical Drawing, Art, Theater Arts and about 21 others. Generally students are informally classified, or classify themselves as Arts, Sciences, Industrial Arts and Business students, especially if they plan on going to 6th form.
Sixth form is an optional, two years long, advanced post secondary program, at the end of which students write the CAPE (Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Exams). These are the equivalent of the GCE A-Level examinations which were the standard up until 2003. Some students still choose to sit A-levels if they wish, but in doing so they must still meet CAPE's basic subject requirements/groupings. CAPE and A-level exams are significantly harder than exams sat at the end of high school, and are often thought to be harder than most exams students will ever sit in university. Entry into Sixth Form is extremely competitive, especially in rural and suburban Jamaica, where there are fewer high schools with sixth form, serving larger areas.
Tertiary Education.
Generally, A-Levels or CAPE examinations are required to enter the nation's Universities. One may also qualify after having earned a 3-year diploma from an accredited post-secondary college. The word college usually denotes institutions which do not grant at least a bachelor's degree. Universities are typically the only degree granting institutions; however, many colleges have been creating joint programs with universities, and thus are able to offer some students more than a college diploma. 
A few universities in the United States have extension programs in various parts of Jamaica. Most of the students who enroll in these part-time programs are working professionals who want to continue their education without having to relocate closer to the nation's Universities.
Tertiary education is offered by the following institutions: 
Excelsior Community College (EXED)
Special programs and events.
Tourism Education Program.
The Jamaica Tourist Bsm is a new subject at all levels from early childhood up to secondary, that is for children from age 4 to 15 years”. This program, recently introduced for the 1999/2000 academic year, works in accordance with the set curriculum, which includes: “Mathematics, Social Studies, Resource and Technology which will carry tourism related materials and concepts”.
The tourism education program has also led the Ministry of Education to edit some of the textbooks to be used in schools, with other texts being developed. With the preparation of the new textbooks comes the training of tourism teachers, with an understanding of “Who is a Tourist, Why People Travel, the Importance of Tourism, Anti Harassment and Culture”. Jamaica has also formed a summer school program, which is a five day workshop for students to gain first hand experience working in the tourism environment.
Field trips to “local” tourist attractions are also included, along with a “one month placement of the top students in hotels and tourism related organizations. Each of the schools selected to participate in this program was invited to send five students from the third and fourth form years”. The group of students selected is accompanied by a teacher and covers the following material: Tourism is our Business; Attitudinal Development; In the Tourist’s shoes; Tourism and the Environment; and Trends in the Industry.
Special Events.
Schools compete scholastically in "School's Challenge Quiz" and Debating Competitions. In regard to sports, the main Track and Field event is the "Boys and Girls School's Championships", for football there are the "Manning Cup" and "DaCosta Cup" competitions, for Cricket there is the "Grace Shield" competition and there are also many Swim Meets held throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="9763021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763021" title="Justin Durant">
Justin Durant

Justin Ryan Durant (born September 21, 1985) is an American football linebacker for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Hampton University.
Durant has also played for the Detroit Lions. He is the younger brother of CFL quarterback Darian Durant.
Early years.
Durant graduated from Wilson High School in Florence, South Carolina in 2003. While there he was a teammate to Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Lawrence Timmons. He was a member of the 2002 HSSR All-State team and was twice named to the Region VI Class AAA All-Region team.
College career.
Durant played college football at Hampton University. While there he started 39 of 43 games at middle linebacker and finished ranked second in school history with 353 career tackles. He also contributed with 10 sacks, three fumble recoveries and four interceptions. He also became the first player in the history of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference to earn MEAC Defensive Player of the Year honors three times.
Professional career.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
Durant was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft. In four seasons with the Jaguars, Durant recorded 272 tackles, 2 interceptions, and two sacks in 50 games played.
Detroit Lions.
On July 29, 2011, Durant signed with the Detroit Lions. In two seasons, he recorded 171 tackles and 1.5 sacks in 29 games played. 
Dallas Cowboys.
On March 27, 2013 Durant signed a two year, $1.96 Million contract with the Dallas Cowboys. The deal included a $400,000 signing bonus. He was named the starter at strong side linebacker from the start of preseason, but experienced an injury filled season. He first suffered a groin injury against the San Diego Chargers, that caused him to miss a game. On November 10 against the New Orleans Saints he injured his hamstring, which cost him three games. He returned to face the Green Bay Packers but reinjured the hamstring. He was placed on the injured reserve list on December 17, finishing with 24 tackles (2 for loss). His injury opened the door for Kyle Wilber to win the starting job.

</doc>
<doc id="9763023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763023" title="Pardachirus marmoratus">
Pardachirus marmoratus

Pardachirus marmoratus, also known as the finless sole or the Red Sea Moses sole is a small fish from the Red Sea that secretes an ichthyotoxic milky substance from the base of its dorsal and anal fins. This secretion contains pardaxin, a lipophillic peptide that causes severe plasma membrane disruption resulting in cell leakage. The pardaxin containing secretion is used as a defensive mechanism against predators including sharks. Pardaxin is irritating to predator fish, particularly affecting the sensitive gills. Dr. Eugenie Clark conducted much of the early work on Pardachirus marmoratus.
There is much biotechnological interest in pardaxin, early interest focused on potential shark repellent applications while newer research foucuses on antimicrobial and neurotoxic potential of pardaxin and its analogues.

</doc>
<doc id="9763029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763029" title="Eddie Moore (disambiguation)">
Eddie Moore (disambiguation)

Eddie Moore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9763031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763031" title="Sprouts Farmers Market">
Sprouts Farmers Market

Sprouts is an American chain of specialty grocery stores with over 150 locations across the United States. Sprouts stores are smaller than a typical supermarket, focusing on fresh foods, produce, healthy foods and vitamins/supplements. Its corporate headquarters are in Phoenix.
Sprouts is the second specialty market brand developed by the Henry Boney family and friends, who sold their Henry's Farmers Market in 1999. This includes Kevin Easler, Shon Boney, Scott Wing, Stan Boney, and maybe other executives. In February 2011, Apollo Global Management announced that it was acquiring Sprouts via its Smart & Final subsidiary, and merging it with Henry's Farmers Market and Sun Harvest. The combined company, which operates under the name Sprouts Farmers Market, has over 100 stores and had more than 7,000 employees at the end of 2011.
The merger reunites two market chains founded by the Henry Boney Family, which remains active in its management.
In March 2012 Sprouts Farmers Market acquired Sunflower Farmers Market.
In 2013, Sprouts Farmers Market took over a failed development project by Whole Foods in Albany, CA. The development project is highly contested by the community, because it involves paving over farmland being sought by residents for a community urban farm. The group Occupy the Farm launched a Boycott Sprouts campaign to ask the supposedly pro-farmer corporation to backtrack from the development deal in Albany, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="9763034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763034" title="Journey Without Maps">
Journey Without Maps

Journey Without Maps (1936) is a travel account by Graham Greene, about a 350-mile, 4-week walk through the interior of Liberia in 1935. It was Greene's first trip outside of Europe. He hoped to leave civilization and find the "heart of darkness" in Africa. The interior of Liberia was at the time unmapped (a US Government map had the interior as a large white space marked "cannibals"), and so he relied on local guides and porters.
Greene set off from the northernmost point of the country bordering Sierra Leone near the town of Kailahun (near Pendembu) and traveled in a south-eastern direction through the jungle highlands. He crossed through a section of French Guinea, going between the Liberian towns of Zorzor and Ganta, before turning south-west and arriving at the coast at Grand Bassa. He then traveled to Monrovia.
Greene's account provides many insights into what Liberia was like in 1935. The country has not modernized much since, in particular away from the coast, so much of it remains unchanged to this day. Greene did encounter a number of whites along the way including American and English missionaries, a German adventurer, gold seekers and beachcombers. Most of the primitive villages he passed through had encountered white people before, but it had been years, and so for many of the younger people it was a new experience. Greene documents the deplorable public health; there were only a handful of doctors in the whole country. A long list of diseases visibly ravaged the typical Liberian (venereal disease and malaria in particular were almost universal, with various weeping sores and wounds from insects and occasionally leprosy). Greene drank whiskey the entire trip going through cases of it. He became ill halfway through the journey, during their stay at Zigiter, and almost died while in Zigi's Town, near the end of the trip. During this experience he discovered that he had a "passionate interest in living" which "seemed that night an important discovery". The trip also shaped his future writing career.
Greene traveled with his female cousin, Barbara Greene, who in 1938, produced her own memoir of the trip "Too Late to Turn Back" (originally entitled "Land Benighted"). How well the two accounts match up appears to be a matter of opinion. In Paul Theroux's introduction to the 1981 version of Barbara's book, he says "Few journeys have been so well recorded, and there are few discrepancies and no contradictions between the two accounts." However, in Michael Shapiro's 2004 book "A Sense of Place: Great Travel Writers Talk about Their Craft, Lives, and Inspiration", he says Barbara's memoir "contradicts Greene's memoir on almost every point.. neither narrator agrees with the one other as to anything at all, where they were, who they saw, what they met, the condition of his illness, whatever. There is just no consonance between these two accounts."
In 2009 the journey was retraced by the English writer and journalist Tim Butcher, former Africa correspondent for the "Daily Telegraph" and author of the bestselling book on the Democratic Republic of Congo, "Blood River: A Journey to Africa's Broken Heart" (2007). He was accompanied by fellow Englishman and Graham Greene aficionado David Poraj-Wilczynski. Butcher's account of their adventure was published as "Chasing The Devil" in 2010 by Random House.

</doc>
<doc id="9763054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763054" title="Vinayakas">
Vinayakas

The were a group of four troublesome demons who created obstacles and difficulties in Hindu mythology, but who were easily propitiated. 
One theory of the origin of Ganesha is that he gradually came to prominence in connection with the . 
In Puranic literature of a much later period the group of four Vināyakas was merged into one definite god named Vināyaka whom Rudra appointed as the "Leader of the Ganas" (Ganapati). This Vināyaka-Ganapati is associated with another god called Dantin, "the one with the tusk," who is said to possess a twisted trunk () and who holds a corn-sheaf, a sugar cane, and a club. This description of Dantin is so characteristic of the Puranic Ganapati that Heras says "we cannot resist to accept his full identification with this Vedic Dantin." The name Vināyaka is a common name for Ganesha both in the and in Buddhist Tantras.
In the Smrti of Yājñavalkya, written in the 6th century, Vināyaka is definitely mentioned as a demon who had been exalted to the rank of a deva. He is clearly described as elephant-headed by the 8th century.
The Mānava-Gṛhyasūtra.
The Vināyakas in their original demonic role are mentioned only in a limited number of Brahmanical texts that are essentially within only one school of the Vedas, the Kṛṣṇa Yajur Veda. They had many characteristics in common with imps, goblins, and gnomes in Western European mythology.
The Vināyakas are first mentioned in the "Mānava-Gṛhyasūtras" where they appear as four demonic creatures. Dating for the "Mānava-Gṛhyasūtra" is only tentative, but P. V. Kane assigns it to a period prior to 600-300 BCE and considers that they had attained a position of authority in the 2nd century BCE. S. Bhattachrji dates them between 600-200 BCE. Macdonell dates them between 500-200 BCE. 
Thapan concludes that the period reflected in the Vināyaka section of the "Mānava-Gṛhyasūtra" must have been between the end of the 3rd and early 2nd century BCE. She based this conclusion in part on the fact that in the "Mānava-Gṛhyasūtra" the Vināyakas are associated with various other beings, including three of the four Buddhist "lokpālas" (guardians of the quarters), as well as the deities Mahādeva and Mahāsena. Mahādeva and Mahāsena were popular gods during the Aśokan period, a time when the spread of Buddhism must have posed a challenge to adherents of the Vedic tradition. Thapan says that this association implies that "not only was Buddhism viewed inimically by the "brāmaņa" authors of this text..., but so were Mahādeva and Mahāsena."
The Mahābhārata.
The Vināyakas are also mentioned in the "Mahābhārata" where their role shows a distinct change in two different age strata of that epic.
Thapan notes that almost all of the references to the Vināyakas, Danti, and their related beings do not appear in the main body of the critical edition of the Mahābhārata, but are only mentioned in the Appendices. This means that the traditions associated with these figures were limited to only a few versions which must have been found in only specific regions.

</doc>
<doc id="9763076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763076" title="Armenian Supercup">
Armenian Supercup

The Armenian SuperCup is a match that is played between the League Champion and the Cup Winner. It is named after Hakob Tonoyan and takes place in May every year. Pyunik has won the title in 2008 and is the leader in the number of wins, followed by Shirak.

</doc>
<doc id="9763080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763080" title="Damrosch Opera Company">
Damrosch Opera Company

The Damrosch Opera Company was an American opera company which existed from 1894 until 1900.
The company was organized by Walter Damrosch, and was meant to present German opera; in this capacity it did much to advance the cause of Richard Wagner's music in the United States. Damrosch created the company to combat what he perceived to be the growing apathy, post-1890, of the general opera-going public to German opera. More specifically, his complaints were aimed against the management of the Metropolitan Opera. The immediate impetus of the company's founding came when, in 1894, Damrosch presented concert performances of "Götterdämmerung" and "Die Walküre".
Damrosch raised money for the company by selling his house in New York City, and he spent the summer of 1894 travelling Europe to recruit singers. Among those with whom he signed contracts were Johanna Gadski and Rosa Sucher, both of whom made their American debuts with the company; others included Max Alvary and Emil Fischer. The company opened its eight-week season in New York with a performance of "Tristan und Isolde" at the Metropolitan Opera, on February 25, 1895. Following this was an extensive tour; the season netted a profit of $53,000.
The company remained in business for five more years. The second season saw the addition of Milka Ternina and David Bispham to its rosters; Katharina Klafsky and her husband Otto Lohse also joined the company, but returned to Europe after the season's end. 1896 saw the premiere of Damrosch's own opera after "The Scarlet Letter". With the following season came a change of name and focus for the company; becoming the Damrosch-Ellis Company, it expanded its horizons to include both Italian and French opera in addition to German. Nellie Melba and Emma Calvé both joined the company at this time. But deficits had begun to accumulate after the second season, and mounted rapidly; these forced the company to close for good in 1900.

</doc>
