<doc id="9719151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719151" title="Cianorte Futebol Clube">
Cianorte Futebol Clube

Cianorte Futebol Clube, usually known simply as Cianorte, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Cianorte, Paraná state, founded on February 13, 2002.
History.
The club was founded on February 13, 2002, replacing a defunct club named Cianorte Esporte Clube.
Cianorte was eliminated in the first stage of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in 2005, and in the second round of 2005 Copa do Brasil.

</doc>
<doc id="9719153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719153" title="List of works by William Merritt Chase">
List of works by William Merritt Chase

This is an incomplete list of William Merritt Chase artwork and consists of works (mostly paintings, but also etchings) listed in three different ways:
The alphabetical list aids in quickly finding information about that work and provides additional information on some individual works; the chronological listing helps trace the artist's development; the location list helps readers discover where they can see Chase's work first-hand.
List of works by current location.
Northeast United States.
New York City.
Metropolitan Museum of Art:
Brooklyn Museum:
Elsewhere in New York City:
Elsewhere in New York state.
Art Gallery of the University of Rochester:
Parrish Art Museum, Southampton:
New Jersey, Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania:
Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh:
Westmoreland Museum of American Art, Greensburg:
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, Philadelphia:
Philadelphia Museum of Art
New Jersey:
Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston:
Fogg Art Museum, Harvard University, Cambridge:
Washington, D.C..
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden:
National Gallery of Art:
The Phillips Collection:
Smithsonian American Art Museum
Maryland.
Washington County Museum of Fine Arts, Hagerstown:
Midwest United States.
Chicago, Illinois.
Art Institute of Chicago:
Terra Museum of American Art:
Smart Museum of Art, University of Chicago:
Ohio.
Cleveland.
Cleveland Museum of Art:
Southern United States.
Virginia.
Maier Museum of Art at Randolph College, Lynchburg:
Elsewhere:
Western United States.
Los Angeles County Museum of Art:
Montana Museum of Art and Culture, Missoula:
Elsewhere:
Outside the United States.
Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, Madrid, Spain:
Elsewhere:
Notes and references.
Items on the lists above largely come from the Artcyclopedia Web site.

</doc>
<doc id="9719156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719156" title="Dana J.H. Pittard">
Dana J.H. Pittard

Dana J.H. Pittard is a United States Army officer. He is Deputy Commanding General of Operations (DCG-O) for ARCENT, the US Central Command / Third Army, based in Kuwait. Pittard was appointed Joint Force Land Component Commander-Iraq, in response to the June 2014 incursions into Iraq from Syria by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, in the days post June 9th, 2014. Pittard was the Commanding General of 1st Armored Division and Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas. He was also Deputy Chief of Staff of Operations & Training at the Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) at Fort Monroe, Virginia and commanding general of the National Training Center, Fort Irwin, California.
Early life and education.
Pittard graduated from the United States Military Academy, Armor Officer Basic Course, Infantry Officer Advance Course, and the Command and General Staff College (CGSC). He holds a Masters Degree in Military Arts and Science from the United States Army School of Advanced Military Studies (SAMS) at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He also has completed a National Security Fellowship at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
A graduate of Eastwood High School, El Paso, Texas.
Career.
Pittard received his commission as an Armor officer in 1981. His first operational assignment was with the 1st Infantry Division (Mechanized) at Fort Riley, Kansas in 1982. He served as a Tank Platoon Leader and Tank Company Executive Officer in 2-63 Armor; then as a Scout Platoon Leader and Battalion S1 in 3-37 Armor. In 1984, he served as an Admissions Officer at West Point; and in 1985 was assigned to Bad Kissingen, Germany, as the Squadron S4 for 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment (ACR).
In October 1986, Pittard commanded E Troop, 2nd Squadron, 11th ACR until May 1988. He next commanded Fox Company, 40th Armor (Berlin Brigade) from June 1988 until March 1990. In April 1990, he commanded D Company, 1-37 Armor at Vilseck, Germany, and led his unit in combat in Iraq during Operation Desert Storm. Upon returning to Germany, he served as an Assistant S3 in 3rd Brigade, 3rd Infantry Division. He next served at Fort Hood, Texas as the Assistant G3, Chief of Plans and Exercises for 2nd Armored Division; the S3 for 1-67 Armor; and then as the S3, 2nd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division.
Pittard served as a Military Aide to President Bill Clinton from November 1996 until January 1999. In June 1999, he assumed command of 1-32 Armor/1-14 Cavalry at Fort Lewis, Washington as a part of the Army's first Stryker Brigade until June 2001. Pittard took command of 3rd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division in July 2002 and led the unit on deployments to Kosovo (2002–2003) and to Iraq (2004–2005). In July 2005, Pittard was assigned as the Assistant Division Commander for Maneuver, 24th Infantry Division later to transition to the 1st Infantry Division. In July 2006, he deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom where he assumed command of the Iraq Assistance Group, while still serving as the Assistant Division Commander for Maneuver of the 1st Infantry Division. He was the commander of Iraq Assistance Group in 2006 through June 30, 2007, and transferred command to Brigadier General James C. Yarbrough. On August 8, 2007, he assumed command of Fort Irwin, CA. On December 18, 2008, Pittard announced his plans to leave Fort Irwin sometime in March 2009. He became the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Training at TRADOC in March 2009.
On July 9, 2010, General Pittard assumed command of Fort Bliss, Texas.
On May 24, 2013, Maj. General Pittard relinquished command to Maj. General Sean MacFarland.
Pittard is now the Deputy Commanding General of Operations (DCG-O) for ARCENT.
Suicide prevention.
During the period Pittard commanded the post, Fort Bliss earned the LivingWorks Community of Excellence Award for effective suicide prevention and intervention programs in July 2012. According to Department of Defense statistics, Fort Bliss had the Army's lowest suicide rate in 2012 while Pittard was commanding general. 
Awards and decorations.
The Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star (2nd Award), the Bronze Star with valor device, the Meritorious Service Medal (6th Award), the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal (3rd Award), the Ranger Tab, the Parachutist Badge, the Air Assault Badge and the General Douglas MacArthur Leadership Award. He also wears the Order of St George, the Order of St Barbara, and the Order of the de Fleury Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9719189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719189" title="Jeff Duncan (baseball)">
Jeff Duncan (baseball)

Jeffrey Matthew Duncan (born December 9, 1978) is a retired American Major League Baseball outfielder. Duncan played for the New York Mets in and . He hit and threw left-handed.
Duncan graduated from Lemont High School where he played baseball. He was chosen by the Chicago Cubs in the 41st round of the Major League Baseball Draft, but chose to attend Iowa State University instead. A year later, he transferred to Arizona State University. After a strong college career, he was drafted by the Mets in the 7th round of the draft, he agreed to a contract. His professional career started slowly with a batting average of .242 for the short-season A-level Pittsfield Mets in 2000 and only .217 with the A-level Capital City Bombers in . He had few RBI in the two seasons, but registered 61 stolen bases. Duncan's hitting broke through in with an average close to .400 for two A-level teams leading all Mets Minor Leaguers.
In 2003, Duncan hit well at Double-A Binghamton. Duncan was called up to the majors and made his debut on May 20, 2003. After three games and one start, Duncan was back in Binghamton until mid-July. When he returned to the majors, he collected 12 hits in 11 games and his average stood at .400. This turned out to be the lone good hitting streak of his career. In August 2003, he hit .106 with no RBI and spent a short time with the Triple-A Norfolk Tides. His .200 average in September was punctuated by the only three-hit game of his career.
Duncan was back in the majors with the Mets in 2004, but after only one hit in 15 at bats through May 5, Duncan was back in the minors. He hit under .260 at both the Double-A and Triple-A levels of the Mets' system and was not brought back to the majors. In , he hit only .245 with the Double-A Binghamton Mets and was released on August 11. Duncan was soon signed as a free agent by the San Diego Padres. Although he hit .300 for Double-A Mobile, San Diego did not re-sign him after the season. In , Duncan hit .299 with the Los Angeles Dodgers' Triple-A Las Vegas 51s. He signed a minor league contract with the Toronto Blue Jays on November 10, 2006, but after a strong and impressive spring training he was sent down to AAA Syracuse. After an injury plagued season, he was released on July 3, .
After his release, he signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League, but asked for his release on May 21, ; he immediately retired.
Coaching career.
In September 2009, Duncan left his volunteer position with the Auburn Tigers for a full-time assistant coaching position with the Purdue Boilermakers, which he held through the end of the 2013 season. Prior to the start of the 2014 season, Duncan was hired as the head coach at Kent State.
Yearly records.
Below is a table of Duncan's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9719197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719197" title="Alec Yasinsac">
Alec Yasinsac

Alec Yasinsac is the Dean of the School of Computing, University of South Alabama, USA.
A former U.S. Marine, Yasinsac was awarded his doctoral degree in 1996 from the University of Virginia, where his doctoral advisor was William Wulf. He received the Master of Science in Computer Science from the Naval Postgraduate School and Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from Appalachian State University.
Yasinsac is the co-founder and co-director of the Security and Assurance in Information Security (SAIT) Laboratory. He was a visiting scholar at the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) in 2006, served on the advisory board for the NAE 2007 National Meeting Symposium on Electronic Voting, and led the team that conducted the source code review in support of the Florida Department of State audit of Florida's 13th congressional district 2006 election.

</doc>
<doc id="9719205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719205" title="Book of Shadows (album)">
Book of Shadows (album)

Book of Shadows is the first solo album by the heavy metal guitarist Zakk Wylde. The album was first released in 1996, and was reissued by Spitfire in 1999 with the bonus disc containing "Evil Ways" (the Japanese bonus track from the album's original release), "The Color Green", and "Peddlers of Death" (an acoustic version of a track that features on Black Label Society's Sonic Brew).
Unlike his work with Ozzy Osbourne and Black Label Society, here Zakk Wylde shows a different side to his music; an introspective and mostly acoustic style recalling many of the lighter moments from his previous project, Pride & Glory as well as classic folk rock artists such as Neil Young.
Promotional singles were released for "Between Heaven and Hell" and "Way Beyond Empty", the latter of which also had an accompanying music video.
"Throwin' It All Away" was written about the death of Shannon Hoon from the band Blind Melon. Shannon and Zakk had lived together and become close friends a few months before he died of a drug overdose.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Zakk Wylde.

</doc>
<doc id="9719218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719218" title="AWA British Empire Heavyweight Championship">
AWA British Empire Heavyweight Championship

The AWA British Empire Heavyweight Championship was a short-lived mid-card professional wrestling title contested for in the American Wrestling Association promotion between 1969 and 1979. The title was primarily defended in Canada, hence the British Empire name.

</doc>
<doc id="9719225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719225" title="Montrose Christian School">
Montrose Christian School

Montrose Christian School is a K-12 private school in Rockville, Maryland, operated by the Montrose Baptist Church, Maryland's second largest Southern Baptist church. It educates around 370 students. Its first Senior High School class graduated in 1986.
Early History.
The history of Montrose Christian School is intimately connected with its parent organization, Montrose Baptist Church. While Montrose Baptist Church had established a nursery school in 1968 and a daycare in 1971, it recognized an opportunity to further its evangelical mission through the development of a full-time day school. On April 30, 1977, Montrose Christian School was officially incorporated in Rockville, Maryland. Starting with an inaugural kindergarten class of five children, it quickly expanded the next year to include Grades 1-4. During each subsequent year, another grade or two was added until eventually in May 1986, it graduated its first class of High School students.
Controversies.
The school was embroiled in a lawsuit, in February 1997, involving three employees, represented by the ACLU, who said they were fired for not belonging to the school's parent church. While a judge initially ruled in the favor of the dismissed employees, the decision was later overturned on appeal in 2001 based on the argument that " "'for a religious corporation, association, or society to hire and employ employees of a particular religion,' is severable and valid." "
Reverend Ray Hope, a.k.a. Dr. Otis Ray Hope, senior pastor at the Montrose Baptist Church, resigned in October 2002 after questioning by the church's governing council about his involvement with the Maryland International Students Association, an organization that recruited foreign students attending Montrose Christian School. Officials for the school's parent church alleged that the recruiting organization has failed to reimburse the school for the cost of the students' education; that Rev. Ray Hope owed the church's school more than $580,000.
In February 2012 a female teacher at Montrose Christian School was arrested and charged with sexually abusing a student for a period of over one year.
Athletics.
The school has been recognized for its athletic accomplishments, particularly for those of its basketball team, which has been successful at recruiting players across the United States and around the world to play in Rockville. Kevin Durant's transfer to the school led "USA Today" to name Montrose its preseason pick for the top spot on its Super 25 rankings of the top high school basketball teams in 2005-06.
The school has appeared regularly on "USA Today"'s Super 25 national rankings, finishing the season ranked 25th in 2000-01, 9th in 2002-03, 19th in 2003-04, 19th in 2005-06 and 22nd in 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="9719229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719229" title="Basus War">
Basus War

The Basus (or Basous) War (often written al-Basus War; "ḥarb al-basūs") was a conflict for 40 years between two rival clans in medieval Arabia because of a dispute over a camel. The Taghlib and Bakr tribes fought for roughly forty years (from 494-534 CE), locked in a perpetual cycle of vengeance. In parts of the Arab World today, the Basus War has been incorporated into an aphorism warning people against vendettas.

</doc>
<doc id="9719243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719243" title="Rhoades Car">
Rhoades Car

Rhoades Car, founded in 1991, is located in Hendersonville, Tennessee, USA. The company was founded by David Rhoades, and he served as its president until his death in late 2009 from heart disease at age 60. He was succeeded as president by Bill Pomakoy in 2010. The company is now known as Rhoades Car International.
Rhoades Car's sole products are a line of four-wheel bikes, also known as quadracycles. The company markets these products under the slogan “The 4-wheel bike that drives like a car!”. 
Rhoades Car is one of the world’s largest quadracycle manufacturers.
Construction.
All Rhoades Car bikes are made from welded square 2×2-inch 0.0598-inch (14-gauge) steel tubes. They feature 20×2.125-inch wheels. The two- and four-seat models have independent pedaling, with compound transmissions of up to 42 gears available.
Products.
The company’s current product line includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9719246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719246" title="Beyond Paradise">
Beyond Paradise

Beyond Paradise is a 1998 American independent film directed by David L. Cunningham.
Plot.
The film is a semi-autobiographical tale of Cunningham's years in Hawai'i. He leaves Los Angeles and moves with his mother to the Big Island and befriends three "locals", Ronnie, Zulu and Keao. At the same time, he is bullied and harassed for being a "haole" or foreigner.
The three lead characters were inspired by Cunningham's real life high school friends, as seen in the ending credits. The film is dedicated to Donald Boy (Ronnie), Zulu (Zulu), while Keao was a composite of two friends combining the humor of one friend and the drug element of another into one character.
Production.
Under the working title of "Kama'aina", the movie was filmed with a modest budget from December 26, 1996 to February 5, 1997.
Release and reshooting.
The movie premiered at the Honolulu International Film Festival in November 1997.
After a few screenings in L.A., Cunningham shot some additional footage, including scenes involving Mark's father and his friends in L.A. The film had a limited theatrical release in 1999. It did well at the box office in Hawaii; according to "Variety Magazine", it beat "The Matrix" in ticket sales in Hawaii.
The DVD did not come out until 2003; it does not include the scenes that were added for the 1999 release. The DVD lacks extras and commentaries, but includes the theatrical trailer.

</doc>
<doc id="9719257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719257" title="Valmet L-80 Turbo-Vinha">
Valmet L-80 Turbo-Vinha

Valmet L-80 TP Turbo-Vinha was a prototype for a new Finnish turboprop basic trainer aircraft. The aircraft, which carried the designation OH-VBB was destroyed in a crash in 1985, killing the test pilot Paavo Janhunen. The aircraft was a further development of the Valmet L-70 Vinka and would eventually lead to the Valmet L-90 Redigo.
The Allison turboprop engine was used in the second plane, the L-90 TP Turbo-Vinha (OH-VTM). It was destroyed during an aerieal display in Belgium The third plane of the series (OH-VTP) got the new name Redigo or RediGo (used in sales brochures).

</doc>
<doc id="9719273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719273" title="SkyCat">
SkyCat

SkyCat (a portmanteau of "Sky Catamaran") is a class of proposed heavy-lift hybrid airships which derive more than half of their lift by helium buoyancy and the balance via aerodynamic lift produced by aerodynamic shaping. The SkyCat design incorporates hover cushion technology in place of wheels, allowing craft to take-off and land anywhere, including remote regions without need for airports or sophisticated forward based infrastructure.
The SkyKitten, a 1/6 linear scale model of a SkyCat design was built and flown by ATG (now-defunct successor to Airship Industries) in the United Kingdom at Cardington.
"SkyFreighter" is the name given by the Hybrid Aircraft Corporation to one of its implementations of the SkyCat design. These are proposed to carry heavy-lift and ultra-heavy-lift cargo payloads from 50 tons net payload to as heavy as 1000 tons which may be a mix of outsized and/or containerized objects.
The Skycat is almost impervious to light ordnance, such as automatic rifle or mortar fire, which will merely pass through the metallized PET film envelope without causing critical helium loss. 
SkyCat air vehicle developments are being pursued by at least one major aerospace company. DARPA concluded their "WALRUS" contract with industry to explore technology options that might be employed in such vehicles as SkyCat in CY-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9719279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719279" title="Pacesetter Systems">
Pacesetter Systems

Pacesetter Systems Inc. was a biotechnology company founded by Alfred E. Mann in 1965. The company manufactured various implantable medical devices invented by Robert Fischell and the rest of the team at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory. Those inventions included the first commercial rechargeable implantable pacemaker, which was one of the first pacemakers to use radio waves for telemetry, and the implantable insulin pump. The insulin pump business was spun off into Medtronic MiniMed in the early 1980s. Pacesetter Systems Inc. was purchased by Siemens and then St. Jude Medical in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9719280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719280" title="The Late Mattia Pascal">
The Late Mattia Pascal

The Late Mattia Pascal () is a 1904 novel by Luigi Pirandello. It is one of his most successful works.
Plot summary.
The protagonist, Mattia Pascal, finds that his promising youth has, through misfortune or misdeed, dissolved into a dreary dead-end job and a miserable marriage. His inheritance and the woman he loved are stolen from him by the same man, his eventual wife and mother-in-law badger him constantly, and his twin daughters, neglected by their mother, can provide him with joy only until an untimely death takes them. Death robs him even of his beloved mother.
To escape, he decides one day to sneak off to Monte Carlo, where he encounters an amazing string of luck, acquiring a small fortune. While reading a newspaper on his return home, he discovers, to his immense shock and delight, that his wife and mother-in-law declared an unknown corpse to be his own. Faced with this sudden opportunity to start afresh, he first wanders about Europe, and finally settles down in Rome with an assumed identity. His character develops in unexpected, even admirable, ways. Yet one admirable act brings the protagonist a crisis, followed by additional crises that lead him to conclude that continuing with his plans will entail only misery for those he loves, precisely because his entire life, including the precious liberty he thought he had gained from his past, is now a lie. He ultimately decides to fake his own death and return to his original life. But even that proves difficult; his family and town have long since adjusted to his "death," and his own adjustment of character prompts him to have mercy on his now remarried wife. So the twice-dead Late Mattia Pascal reduces himself to a figure outside the mainstream of society, a walk-on part in his own life.
Style.
Despite the bizarre and macabre plot, the book is written in a warmly humorous style. Mattia is, essentially, a comic character, and the novel at times becomes almost satirical. Pirandello's concern with the nature of identity, which figures strongly in such plays as "Six Characters in Search of an Author" and "Enrico IV", is also at the philosophical core of this novel.

</doc>
<doc id="9719288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719288" title="Hemiceratoides hieroglyphica">
Hemiceratoides hieroglyphica

Hemiceratoides hieroglyphica is a moth from Madagascar. It was discovered in 2006 that it frequents sleeping birds at night, and drinks their tears, using a specialized, harpoon-like proboscis. Tear-feeding moths outside of Madagascar (for example "Mecistoptera griseifusa" in the Hypeninae subfamily) are not directly related to this species, and have evolved dissimilar mechanisms for drinking, and they do not drink from birds, but from large animals like deer or crocodiles.
The adults have a wingspan of 52 mm
Distribution.
This species is known from Nigeria, South Africa and Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="9719309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719309" title="Nikolaos Pavlopoulos">
Nikolaos Pavlopoulos

Nikolaos Pavlopoulos (, Agios Georgios Nileias, 1909 - Athens, October 10, 1990) was a Greek sculptor and writer. His education in his years in Volos, he learned himself with calligraphy, music and theatre. When he finished at the Practical Lyceum at Volos, he moved to Athens where he became a sculptor at the school where his teacher was Thomas Thomopoulos. He was an academic wood and marble sculptor. Works that had presented in Greece and around the world (London, Washington D.C., Montreal, Tokyo, Sydney, etc.). He was awarded at international event which happened in Paris, Rome, Florence, etc. After his death, the "Sculptor Nicolas Public Museum" is named after himself which features some of his great works.

</doc>
<doc id="9719320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719320" title="Phyllis Guthardt">
Phyllis Guthardt

Dame Phyllis Myra Guthardt DBE served for four years as the chancellor (ceremonial and civic head) of the University of Canterbury until her tenure ended on 31 December 2002. 
When Phyllis Guthardt was ordained as a Methodist minister in 1959, she became the first woman of any denomination to be ordained in New Zealand. She was later to be the first woman elected to the presidency of New Zealand's Methodist Church in 1985. "In the early 1950s the Methodist Church decided it had nothing in principle against the ordination of women. In 1954 I moved from Christchurch, where I was working as a young teacher and studying part time at Canterbury University, to Auckland so I could enter Trinity College ... I completed my bachelor's degree at Auckland University and went on to study part-time and earn my MA in English while I was a probationer minister in Christchurch." 
After 3½ years of parish ministry, Phyllis received a scholarship to attend Cambridge University. In addition to the scholarship Methodist women around New Zealand raised £1000 to support her studies. At Cambridge she earned her Ph.D in Biblical Studies. When she returned to New Zealand three and a half years later it was to Hamilton. She served as presbyter at the Melville church and as a hospital chaplain. 
It was in Hamilton, New Zealand that she began her long affiliation with New Zealand's tertiary education system. She was the first ecumenical chaplain at the University of Waikato and also lectured in English and Religious Studies. When she moved to Christchurch she became involved with the University Council. She served on the council for 21 years. Rev. Phyllis Guthardt served with the World Council of Churches, the Christian Conference of Asia, and the World Methodist Conference.
Honours.
For her services to education and the Methodist Church she was named as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1993. 
The Universities of Waikato and Canterbury awarded Rev. Guthardt honorary doctorate degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="9719331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719331" title="Acetolactate synthase">
Acetolactate synthase

The acetolactate synthase (ALS) enzyme (also known as acetohydroxy acid synthase, or AHAS) is a protein found in plants and micro-organisms. ALS catalyzes the first step in the synthesis of the branched-chain amino acids (valine, leucine, and isoleucine).
It is a human protein of yet unknown function, sharing some sequence similarity with bacterial ALS, and is encoded by the "ILVBL" gene.
Structure.
Acetolactase is a protein consisting of 590 residues. These residues are classified into three separate subunits. The units are d1yhya1, d1yhya2, and d1yhya3. This is classified by the SCOP domain assignments. 
The structure of acetolactate synthase that was used for the picture on this page was determined using X-ray diffraction at 2.70 angstroms. X-ray diffraction uses X-rays at specified wavelengths to produce patterns, as the X–ray is scattered in certain ways that give an idea to the structure of the molecule being analyzed. 
There are five specific ligands that interact with this protein. The five are listed below.
Function.
This certain protein is an enzyme involving catalytic activity, to be more specific, a part of the biosynthesis of various amino acids. This enzyme has the Enzyme Commission Code is 2.2.1.6, which means that the enzyme is a transketolase or a transaldolase, which is classified under the transferases that transfer aldehyde or ketone residues. In this case, acetolactase synthase is a transketolase, which moves back and forth, having both catabolic and anabolic forms. These act on a ketone (pyruvate) and can go back and forth in the metabolic chain. These are found in humans, animals, plants, and bacteria. In plants, they are located in the chloroplasts in order to help with the metabolic processes. In several experiments, it has been shown that mutated strands of Escherichia coli K-12 without the enzyme were not able to grow in the presence of only acetate or oleate as the only carbon sources.
Catalytic activity.
Acetolactate synthesis, also known as acetohydroxy acid synthase, is an enzyme specifically involved in the chemical reaction involving the conversion of two pyruvate molecules to an acetolactate molecule and carbon dioxide. The reaction uses thyamine pyrophosphate in order to link the two pyruvate molecules. The resulting product of this reaction, acetolactate, eventually becomes valine, leucine, and isoleucine. All three of these amino acids are essential amino acids and cannot be synthesized in the organism. 
This enzyme is the first of several enzymes in the biosynthesis cycle for leucine and valine, taking the initial pyruvate molecules and starting the conversion from pryuvic acid to the amino acids. The specific residue that is responsible for this is a glycine at position 511 in the protein. This is the one that requires a cofactor of TPP for its function. 
There are four specific residues that are responsible for catalytic activity in this enzyme. They are listed here with cofactors required written after.
The primary sequence is listed below. Residues involved in catalytic activity are bolded. 
Mutagenesis of Asp428, which is crucial carboxylate ligand to Mg(2+) in the "ThDP motif", leads to a decrease in the affinity of AHAS II for Mg(2+). While mutant D428N shows ThDP affinity close to that of the wild-type on saturation with Mg(2+), D428E has a decreased affinity for ThDP. These mutations also lead to dependence of the enzyme on K(+).
Inhibitors.
Inhibitors of ALS are used as herbicides that slowly starve affected plants of these amino acids, which eventually leads to inhibition of DNA synthesis. They affect grasses and dicots alike. The ALS inhibitor family includes sulfonylureas (SUs), imidazolinones (IMIs), triazolopyrimidines (TPs), pyrimidinyl oxybenzoates (POBs), and sulfonylamino carbonyl triazolinones (SCTs). 
Regulation.
Acetolactate synthase consists of three pairs of subunits. Each pair includes a large subunit, which is thought to be responsible for catalysis, and a small subunit for feedback inhibition. Each subunit pair is located on its own operon. Together, these operons code for several enzymes involved in branched-chain amino acid biosynthesis. Regulation is different for each operon.
The "ilvGMEDA" operon (encoding ALS II, branched-chain-amino-acid transaminase, dihydroxy-acid dehydratase, and threonine ammonia-lyase) is regulated by feedback inhibition in the form of transcriptional attenuation. That is, transcription is reduced in the presence of the pathway's end-products, the branched-chain amino acids.
The "ilvBNC" operon, which encodes ALS I and a ketol-acid reductoisomerase, is similarly regulated, but is specific to isoleucine and leucine; valine does not affect it directly.
Both the "ilvGMEDA" and "ilvBNC" operons are derepressed during shortages of the branched-chain amino acids by the same mechanism that represses them. Both of these operons as well as the third, "ilvIH", are regulated by leucine-responsive protein (Lrp). 

</doc>
<doc id="9719332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719332" title="Carbon Trade Watch">
Carbon Trade Watch

Carbon Trade Watch is an independent research collective working on climate change and climate policy from a justice-based perspective. It was formerly part of the Amsterdam-based Transnational Institute. Since January 2010, Carbon Trade Watch is an autonomous legal association based in Barcelona, Spain. The ‘new’ organisation, Environmental Justice Research Collective - EJRC, houses the same team and the on-going work of Carbon Trade Watch as well as expand into new research areas. 
By centring its work on bottom-up community-led projects and campaigns, Carbon Trade Watch aims to provide a durable body of research which ensures that a holistic and justice-based analysis of climate change and environmental policies is not forgotten or compromised. As part of our solidarity work, CTW aims to accompany and support movements and communities in their local initiatives and struggles for environmental and social justice. Importantly, the collective gathers and translates work with others in this field to help facilitate broader co-operation and understanding. 
Their work includes the film The Carbon Connection and the book 
There is an urgent need for stricter regulation, oversight, and penalties for polluters on community, local, national and international levels, as well as support for communities adversely impacted by climate change. But currently such policies are nigh-on invisible, as they contradict the sacred cows of economic growth and the free market. 
Carbon Trade Watch contributes to support building environmental and climate justice movements. Our work is embedded in various networks that promote radical alternatives to free-market environmentalism and advocate instead a climate justice agenda.

</doc>
<doc id="9719339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719339" title="Local Insight Yellow Pages">
Local Insight Yellow Pages

Local Insight Yellow Pages, Inc. was the official directory publishing agent of Windstream Communications. It was founded in 1984 as Alltel Publishing Corporation.
Windstream Yellow Pages publishes directories for former Alltel wireline, as well as directories for TDS Telecom and KLM Telephone customers, as well numerous smaller independent telephone companies. In 99% of the markets, the telephone directory published by Windstream Yellow Pages is for the Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier (ILEC) and is not a competing overlay directory.
Windstream was spun-off to a company named Windstream Regatta Holdings, Inc., a company owned by Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe. Upon completion of the purchase, Windstream Regatta was renamed Local Insight Regatta Holdings and Windstream Yellow Pages, Inc. was renamed Local Insight Yellow Pages. In 2007, LIR Holdings acquired CBD Media, the former advertising & publishing division of Cincinnati Bell.
In July 2009, Local Insight Regatta Holdings merged Local Insight Yellow Pages into The Berry Company, which it had acquired from AT&T.

</doc>
<doc id="9719340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719340" title="Manitoba Chess Association">
Manitoba Chess Association

The Manitoba Chess Association, headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada is the official organization for rated chess tournaments in Manitoba.
History.
The Winnipeg Chess Club was founded in 1895, and before long it was one of the leading chess centres in the country. Winnipeg began beating bigger cities in telegraphic matches, and Magnus Smith emerged as the strongest player of the era. Soon after it was founded in 1919, the Winnipeg Jewish Chess Club continued the tradition of nurturing strong local players. The strongest of the strong was Abe Yanofsky, who went on to win eight Canadian championships and became the first player in the British Empire to earn the grandmaster title. The Winnipeg and Jewish clubs merged more than 30 years ago, and presently the local CFC affiliated organization is the Manitoba Chess Association which operates tournaments in several locations, but primarily at the University of Winnipeg.
Current.
The Manitoba Chess Association maintains a website [http://www.chessmanitoba.com] which contains upcoming tournament information, tournament results, games library, photo gallery, and more.
There are also a number of related Manitoba chess weblogs. These include the Chess Manitoba blog edited by Tony Boron at the Manitoba Junior Chess blog edited by Jim Green at [http://www.manitobajrchess.blogspot.com/.
References.
1997 Canadian Open Souvenir Booklet, "The Tradition Continues", Cecil Rosner

</doc>
<doc id="9719355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719355" title="Jack Newman">
Jack Newman

Jack Newman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9719363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719363" title="House rabbit">
House rabbit

A house rabbit is a pet domestic rabbit kept for companionship that lives inside its owner's home. House rabbits can be trained to use a litter box and can live as long as eight to twelve years when properly cared for.
In 1988, the House Rabbit Society was founded in the United States as an educational and activist organization with the general philosophy that domestic rabbits should be neutered or spayed and live in human housing".
History.
Keeping a rabbit as a house companion was popularised by Sandy Crook in her 1981 book "Your French Lop". In 1983, Crook was a featured lecturer to the 35,000 attendees at the American Family Pet Show in Anaheim, California where she presented her personal experiences of living with her indoor rabbit as evidence of a human-rabbit bond. Throughout the 1980s it became more common to litter-box train a rabbit indoors.
Sources of house rabbits.
There are many humane societies, animal shelters, and rescue groups, that have rabbits available for adoption. Typically, animal shelters charge the smallest fee. House rabbits are often purchased from pet stores, private breeders, and fanciers. House rabbits may be acquired as either housebroken or not housebroken.
Rabbits are often spayed or neutered for health and behavior benefits or to reduce the chance of unwanted offspring. Starting at adolescence, rabbits that are not spayed or neutered may begin displaying territorial marking, which can frustrate efforts to litter train as well as damage household items.
Socialization.
Rabbits are social animals whose welfare benefits from being housed with other rabbits; however, house rabbits can live alone if enough attention is paid to them by the owner. 
Some house rabbit keepers teach their animals to follow voice commands such as coming when called by name.
Many house rabbits have successfully cohabited with the family dog or cat. Leaving dogs and cats alone with rabbits has been dangerous in some cases, as animals with aggressive predatory instincts or overenthusiastic play can lead to the dog or cat attacking the rabbit spontaneously. The choice to gradually introduce the different species is usually made with caution and after consideration of known temperaments of the animals involved.
Rabbits have been successfully housed with guinea pigs; however, there are risks in doing so that may make the practice inadvisable. Guinea pigs are susceptible to respiratory disease from bacteria that rabbits carry. Additionally, rabbits may harm small rodents sharing their territory.
House rabbit care.
House rabbits may be kept in wire or wooden cages or, because of the space limitations of a cage, allowed to run free, sometimes limited to an exercise pen or designated area of the house. Housing with wire floor can cause sore hocks, thus housing with solid floors is preferred. House rabbits can be trained to use litter boxes or litter trays, but litter training can be quite challenging with unspayed or unneutered rabbits due to their hormones.
Access to unlimited amounts of hay is essential and should constitute approximately 80% of the rabbit's diet. Adult house rabbits should receive grass hay, while young and growing rabbits can receive alfalfa hay. Pellets made from hay may supplement a house rabbit's diet, constituting a small portion of their overall diet. This differs from commercial rabbits, where pellets often account for a much larger portion of the diet. In addition to hay rabbits also need fresh leafy greens and vegetables daily to get adequate vitamins and minerals. 
Living indoors shelters a rabbit from outdoor dangers such as predators, weather, and pesticides, but steps should be taken to "rabbit-proof" an indoor rabbit's living area. To prevent electrocution, house rabbit owners can hide electrical cords or cover them with flexible clear tubing. Rabbits' ingestion of papers, fabric, and carpet may cause life-threatening gastrointestinal blockages, and their chewing may damage their owners' possessions and homes when proper precautions are not taken. House rabbits need to have regular mental stimulation and physical exercise to be healthy.
Physiological and behavioral responses to humanly induced tonic immobility (abbreviated TI, sometimes termed "trancing") have been found to be indicative of a fear-motivated stress state, confirming that the promotion of TI to try to increase a bond between rabbits and their owners—thinking the rabbits enjoy it—is misplaced; however some researchers conclude that inducing TI in rabbits is appropriate for certain procedures as it holds less risk than anesthesia.
In most regions, house rabbits do not require vaccination; however, vaccines are prophylactic against myxomatosis and rabbit hemorrhagic disease where these vaccines are legally permitted. While tularemia is a zoonotic disease of concern, there is no vaccine currently available - instead good hygiene is the best preventative. In the United States these diseases are extremely rare or nonexistent; however, they are reportable diseases which all pet owners should be aware of. Cases of rabbit hemorrhagic disease (VHD) in the United States are reported periodically.
House rabbit organizations and veterinarians recommend that house rabbits be neutered or spayed by a rabbit-savvy veterinarian. Health advantages of neutering and spaying include a reduced risk of ovarian and uterine cancer and endometritis in females. Neutering and spaying house rabbits also reduces territorial marking in males and aggression toward other rabbits. The risks associated with spaying a rabbit include infection of the surgical site and death from anesthesia. 
A rabbit cannot be declawed. Lacking pads on the bottoms of its feet, a rabbit requires its claws for balance. Removing its claws will render it unable to stand. Rabbits with access to rough surfaces will naturally keep their claws worn down to a certain extent when running, but most pet rabbits normally require their claws to be clipped regularly. House rabbits may need regular brushing, especially if they are of a long-haired variety. Due to the rabbit's biological incapability to vomit, removing excess fur prevents intestinal blocking and fatal choking that can be caused by hair ingested during self-grooming.

</doc>
<doc id="9719373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719373" title="Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer the Younger">
Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer the Younger

Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (17 October 1735 – 6 January 1803) was a member of the German Feuchtmayer family of Baroque artists associated with the Wessobrunner School. 
He was the son of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1705–1764); the grandson of Michael Feuchtmayer (b. 1667); the great-nephew of Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1666–1713) and Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer (1660–1718); and the first cousin once removed of Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer (1696–1770).
His most famous works are the baldacchino over the high altar and some of the side altars of the Premonstratensian Monastery Church of St. Maria and St. Verena in Rot an der Rot, constructed in 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="9719403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719403" title="Ynys Moelfre">
Ynys Moelfre

Ynys Moelfre (Moelfre Island) is a small island off the coast of Anglesey, Wales. At low tide it has a maximum length of 261 metres and a maximum width of 121 metres with a maximum area of . The nearest settlement to the island is the village of Moelfre and the two are separated by a shallow channel called "Y Swnt" (The Strait or The Sound) which is never more than 194 metres wide and can at low tide only be waist deep all the way across. Due to its proximity to the mainland there are grasses found on the island and a few wild flowers. Species of birds that can be found on the island include gulls, terns, gannets, fulmars, and Great/Arctic skuas. Porpoises are occasionally seen also. There are however no man made structures.
The island is found at 53°21′29.3″N 4°13′39.2″W and is referred to by some locals as "Rat Island".

</doc>
<doc id="9719407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719407" title="Scientific imperialism">
Scientific imperialism

Scientific imperialism is a term that appears to have been coined by Dr. Ellis T. Powell when addressing the Commonwealth Club of Canada on 8 September 1920. Though he defined imperialism as "the sense of arbitrary and capricious domination over the bodies and souls of men," yet he used the term "scientific imperialism" to mean "the subjection of all the developed and undeveloped powers of the earth to the mind of man."
In modern parlance, however, scientific imperialism refers to situations in which critics perceive science to act imperiously. Philosopher of science John Dupré described it (in his 2006 paper "Against Scientific Imperialism") as "the tendency to push a good scientific idea far beyond the domain in which it was originally introduced, and often far beyond the domain in which it can provide much illumination." He also wrote that "devotees of these approaches are inclined to claim that they are in possession not just of one useful perspective on human behavior, but of the key that will open doors to the understanding of ever wider areas of human behavior."
Scientific imperialism has also been charged against "those who believe that the study of politics can and should be modelled on the natural sciences, a position defended most forcibly in the United States, and those who have dissented, viewing this ambition as methodologically unjustified and ethically undesirable."
Critique of power.
Writing about scientific exploration by James Cook in the 18th century, the textbook "Worlds Together, Worlds Apart" defined scientific imperialism as the "pursuit of power through the pursuit of knowledge,". Arthur Peacocke wrote that its later pejorative use may reflect the frustration felt by some with "the limitations of reductive scientism (scientific imperialism)." Theologian and Christian apologist J. P. Moreland argues that "the myth that science is the model of truth and rationality still grips the mind of much of our popular and scientific culture", stating that "though philosophers of science over the past few decades have gutted many of the claims of this scientific imperialism, many thinkers, knee-jerk agnostics, and even judges persist in the grip of this notion." He also questions the notion that "successful scientific theories are true or approximately true models of the world," and expresses a desire to "dethrone science from an imperialistic stance over philosophy and theology."
Accusations of being the "religion of the intellectuals".
Behavioral psychologist J. E. R. Staddon defined scientific imperialism as "the idea that all decisions, in principle, can be made scientifically" and stated that it has become a "religion of the intellectuals". John Dupré also criticised "a natural tendency, when one has a successful scientific model, to attempt to apply it to as many problems as possible", and described these extended applications as being "dangerous". Such notions have been compared to cultural imperialism, and to a rigid and intolerant form of intellectual monotheism.
Medical research.
Medical doctor Peter Wilmshurst has used the term to describe "poor people in developing countries...being exploited in research for the benefit of patients in the developed world", and advised that "the scientific community has a responsibility to ensure that all scientific research is conducted ethically". Another accusation lies in the alleged misappropriation of indigenous drugs in poor countries by drug companies in the developed world. Pharmacologist Elaine Elisabetsky wrote that "ethnopharmacology involves a series of sociopolitical, economic and ethical dilemmas, at various levels...frequently host country scientists, visiting scientists, and informants disagree...research efforts are (often) perceived as scientific imperialism; scientists are accused of stealing plant materials and appropriating traditional plant knowledge for financial profit and/or professional advancement. Many governments, as well as indigenous societies are increasingly reluctant to permit such research...historically neither native populations nor host countries have shared to a significant extent the financial benefits from any drug that reaches the market...unless these issues are amply discussed and fairly resolved, medicinal plant research runs the risk of serving ethically questionable purposes."

</doc>
<doc id="9719410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719410" title="Cibotium cumingii">
Cibotium cumingii

Cibotium cumingii is a species of tree fern, of the genus "Cibotium". It is named after the 19th century collector, Hugh Cuming. Its apex and young fronds are covered with reddish hairs. It can be found growing in open forest or in hilly areas in the Philippines and in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="9719431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719431" title="Cytochrome b5 reductase">
Cytochrome b5 reductase

Cytochrome-"b"5 reductase (also known as methemoglobin reductase) is a NADH-dependent enzyme that converts methemoglobin to hemoglobin. It contains FAD and catalyzes the reaction: 
NADH + H+ + 2 ferricytochrome "b"5 = NAD+ + 2 ferrocytochrome "b"5
The following four human genes encode cytochrome-"b"5 reductases:

</doc>
<doc id="9719443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719443" title="BCFC">
BCFC

BCFC is an abbreviation that may refer to one of the following British football clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="9719450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719450" title="Nirmalamatha Central School">
Nirmalamatha Central School

Nirmalamatha Central School is a private Christian primary and secondary school located in the heart of Thrissur City in Kerala, India. It is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CSBE) of India and has recognition. The school is managed and run by sisters of the Adoration Congregation
As of June 2013, the principal of the school is Sr. Marina. School has classes from kindergarten to higher secondary (12th grade). The school also actively participates in cultural activities. This school has won the best school prizes for district and state youth festivals. Though Christian education is provided the school is liberal towards the ideas of other religions] is not considered in school dress code. Nirmala Matha Central School, Thrissur started functioning in June 1993. It is run by the Sisters of the Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament.
Chronicles.
1993 : 14 June; Inauguration of the school by Fr.Antony Chemmannur Classes LKG, UKG, STD I started in the convent with 104 students.
1994 : 4 June: Blessing of the Junior School by Archbishop Joseph Kundukulam
1995 : 3 August; School gets recognition from the CBSE(9420/95 dated 3/8/95) 18 November; inauguration of Compu
1996 : 20 July; Inauguration of new building for Kindergarten section by Fr.Antony Mechery of Lourdes Metropolitan Church
1997 : 14 January; School recommended for affiliation to the CBSE for the Secondary level after official inspection.
1998 : First batch enters Class X
1999 : 28 January; Inauguration of Multi Media.
 2001 : 7 March; First batch of Class XII students appear for the AISSCE.
 2003 : 27 December; Inaugural meeting of the Alumni Association.
 2005 : 29 October; Inauguration of Language Laboratory
 2006 : 15 May; NIIT @School starts
Cultural activities.
The school offers many co-curricular activities like dance, music, dramatics, karate, journalism, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9719451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719451" title="SPICMANZ">
SPICMANZ

SPICMANZ stands for the Society for Propagation of Indian Classical Music Among New Zealanders or Te Ropu E Whakawhanui Ana I Nga Rangi Tawhito No Inia Incorporated in Maori language.
SPICMANZ is a non-profit organisation in Wellington, which has been actively working to inform and educate Wellingtonians about Indian Classical Music.
This young organisation, established in 2004, consists of passionate and enthusiastic supporters of Indian Classical Music (ICM), banded together with the sole purpose of sharing with other New Zealanders the beauty of ICM. 

</doc>
<doc id="9719511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719511" title="Aquarium fish clubs">
Aquarium fish clubs

Aquarium fish clubs or aquarium societies are social rather than academic associations for fishkeepers. They are to be found around the world. Some clubs include members in all the different aspects of the hobby, while others concentrate on one particularly field, such as cichlids or marine fishkeeping. The first aquarium society ever formed was the "Gotha Aquarium" in Germany, founded in 1882. The two oldest aquarium clubs still in existence are the Brooklyn Aquarium Society in New York City, founded in 1911, and the Boston Aquarium Society, founded in 1916.
There are several umbrella organizations for the organised hobby: The International Federation of Online Clubs and Aquatic Societies (IFOCAS), the Federation of British Aquatic Societies, formed in 1932 (FBAS), The Northeast Council of Aquarium Societies, formed in 1958 (NEC), and The Federation of American Aquarium Societies (FAAS).
Many clubs hold fish shows similar to dog shows where fish are judged and awarded prizes based on color, size, etc. Some clubs also hold auctions where fish, plants, equipment, and books are sold, usually inexpensively, in some cases giving members the chance to obtain to rare and unusual species that have been bred by other members of the club. Internet forums are an important aspect of many clubs, allowing members to easily share information and experiences.

</doc>
<doc id="9719512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719512" title="Bonnesen's inequality">
Bonnesen's inequality

Bonnesen's inequality is an inequality relating the length, the area, the radius of the incircle and the radius of the circumcircle of a Jordan curve. It is a strengthening of the classical isoperimetric inequality.
More precisely, consider a planar simple closed curve of length formula_1 bounding a domain of area formula_2. Let formula_3 and formula_4 denote the radii of the incircle and the circumcircle. Bonnesen proved the inequality
The term formula_6 in the right hand side is known as the isoperimetric defect.
Loewner's torus inequality with isosystolic defect is a systolic analogue of Bonnesen's inequality.

</doc>
<doc id="9719514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719514" title="Garruchos">
Garruchos

Garruchos may refer to two places in South America:

</doc>
<doc id="9719528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719528" title="1996–97 Nationalliga A season">
1996–97 Nationalliga A season

The 1996-97 NLA season was the 59th regular season of the Nationalliga A.

</doc>
<doc id="9719581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719581" title="Garruchos, Rio Grande do Sul">
Garruchos, Rio Grande do Sul

Garruchos is a municipality of the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Its area is 799.849 km² and its population was 2,996 in 2003. Its elevation is at 69 m by the Uruguay River. It is located 627 km west of the state capital of Porto Alegre, northeast of Alegrete.
The town is situated by the Uruguay River which forms the border with Argentina to the west; an Argentine settlement, Garruchos is on the other side, having the same name.
Other.
Garruchos has a school or a collegiate, churches and a few squares and parks.
It is one of the richest municipalities in Brazil, with a per capita income of R$72,000 (US$38,267).

</doc>
<doc id="9719595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719595" title="Sharon Draper">
Sharon Draper

Sharon M. Draper (April 11, 1952 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a professional educator and award winning writer. She was the 1997 National Teacher of the Year, a five-time winner of the Coretta Scott King Award, and is a "New York Times" bestselling author. A graduate of Pepperdine University, she is best known for her novel, "Darkness Before Dawn", as well as "The Battle Of Jericho". Other books include "Copper Sun", "Double Dutch", "Out of My Mind", the "Jericho Trilogy" and "Romiette and Julio".
Awards and honors.
She is a Milken Family Foundation National Educator Award winner, and was the Duncanson Artist-in-Residence for the Taft Museum. She is a YWCA Career Woman of Achievement, and is the recipient of the Dean's Award from Howard University School of Education, the Pepperdine University Distinguished Alumnus Award, the Marva Collins Education Excellence Award, and the Governor's Educational Leadership Award. Last year she was named Ohio Pioneer in Education by the Ohio State Department of Education, received the Beacon of Light Humanitarian award, as well as the Doctor of Laws Degree from Pepperdine University. In 2012, she received The 33rd annual Jeremiah Ludington Memorial Award by the Educational and Media Association. Love The Book Tears Of A Tiger.
She has been honored at the White House six times, and was chosen as one of only four authors in the country to speak at the National Book Festival Gala in Washington, D.C, and to represent the United States in Moscow at their Book Festival. Her book "Copper Sun" has been selected by the US State Department and the International Reading Association as the United States novel for the international reading project called Reading Across Continents. Students in the US, Nigeria, and Ghana are reading the book and sharing ideas.
"Tears of a Tiger" has received numerous awards, including the American Library Association/Coretta Scott King Award for an outstanding new book, and was also honored as an ALA Best Books for Young Adults. It has been recognized as one of the best of the year by the Children's Book Council, the New York City Library, Bank Street College, and the National Council for Social Studies. It was also named as Best of the Best by VOYA.
"Forged by Fire", the sequel to "Tears of a Tiger", was the 1997 Coretta Scott King Award winner, as well as the winner of the ALA Best Book Award and the Parent's Choice Award and the Indiana Young Hoosier Award.
"Darkness Before Dawn", the third book in the trilogy, is an ALA Top Ten Quick Pick, and has received the Children's Choice Award from the International Reading Association and received the Buckeye Book Award for 2005, and was named an IRA Young Adult Choice for 2003.
"Romiette and Julio" is also listed as an ALA Best Book and has been selected by the International Reading Association as a 2000 Notable Book for a Global Society, and by the New York Public Library in their Books for the Teen Age.
"Out of My Mind" was chosen the winner of the 2013 Sasquatch Reading Award by the readers of Washington State and the 2013 Bluestem Award by the third through fifth graders of Illinois. It won the 2013 California Young Reader Medal and the 2013 Nevada Young Readers Award
"Double Dutch" was honored as a Notable Social Studies Trade Book for Young People by the Children's Book Council as well as one of the top ten sports books for young adults for 2003 by the ALA, and Best of the Best for 2004, and received the Sunshine State Young Reader's Award for 2006.
"Darkness Before Dawn", the third book in the trilogy, is an ALA Top Ten Quick Pick, and has received the Children's Choice Award from the International Reading Association and received the Buckeye Book Award for 2005, and was named an IRA Young Adult Choice for 2003.
"The Battle of Jericho" is the 2004 Coretta Scott King Award, one of the New York Public Library's Book for the Teen Age, and is one of the 2005 Young Adult Choice Books named by the International Reading Association.
"Fire from the Rock" has been selected by the NCSS-CBC Notable Social Studies Committee as a Notable Social Studies Trade Book for Young People for 2008 and is honored on the 2008 New York Public Library Best Books for the Teen Age.
"We Beat the Street" is listed on the New York Times Bestseller List and is on VOYA's Non-Fiction Honor List for 2006 and is honored on the 2006 New York Public Library Best Books for the Teen Age.
"Copper Sun" received the 2007 Coretta Scott King Award, was named as one of the Top Ten Historical Fiction Books for Youth by Booklist was nominated for the 2007 NAACP Image Award for Literature, and received the Ohioana Award for Young Adult Literature. "Copper Sun" is also a CBC/NCSS Notable Social Studies Trade Book, received the Heartland Award for Excellence in YA Literature, was named as an IRA Notable Book for a Global Society and was named as Best Book of the Year by School Library Journal. Copper Sun is also listed on the New York Times Bestseller List.
"November Blues" received the 2008 Coretta Scott King Award and is honored on the 2008 New York Public Library Best Books for the Teen Age.
"Sassy: Little Sister Is Not My Name!" received the 2009 Parents Choice Award.
Personal life.
Sharon Draper is an active participant in the activities of the YWCA of Cincinnati, a member of the National Council of Teachers of English, the International Reading Association, and Top Ladies of Distinction. Ms. Draper travels extensively and has been a guest on television and radio programs throughout the country, discussing issues of literature, reading, and education. She is an accomplished public speaker who addresses educational and literary groups of all ages, both nationally and internationally, with entertaining readings of her poetry and novels, as well as . She lives in Cincinnati, Ohio, with her husband, her son Max who lives with his father in Delaware, Ohio, and a golden retriever named Honey.

</doc>
<doc id="9719607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719607" title="Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase">
Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase

Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase (DLD), also known as dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase, mitochondrial, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "DLD" gene. DLD is a flavoprotein enzyme that oxidizes dihydrolipoamide to lipoamide.
Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase (DLD) is a mitochondrial enzyme that plays a vital role in energy metabolism in eukaryotes. This enzyme is required for the complete reaction of at least five different multi-enzyme complexes. Additionally, DLD is a flavoenzyme oxidoreductase that contains a reactive disulfide bridge and a FAD cofactor that are directly involved in catalysis. The enzyme associates into tightly bound homodimers required for its enzymatic activity.
Function.
The DLD homodimer functions as the E3 component of the pyruvate, α-ketoglutarate, and branched-chain amino acid-dehydrogenase complexes and the glycine cleavage system, all in the mitochondrial matrix. In these complexes, DLD converts dihydrolipoic acid and NAD+ into lipoic acid and NADH.
DLD also has diaphorase activity, being able to catalyze the oxidation of NADH to NAD+ by using different electron acceptors such as O2, labile ferric iron, nitric oxide, and ubiquinone. DLD is thought to have a pro-oxidant role by reducing oxygen to a superoxide or ferric to ferrous iron, which then catalyzes production of hydroxyl radicals.
Diaphorase activity of DLD may have an antioxidant role through its ability to scavenge nitric oxide and to reduce ubiquinone to ubiquinol.
Moonlighting function.
Certain DLD mutations can simultaneously induce the loss of a primary metabolic activity and the gain of a moonlighting proteolytic activity. The moonlighting proteolytic activity of DLD is revealed by conditions that destabilize the DLD homodimer and decrease its DLD activity. Acidification of the mitochondrial matrix, as a result of ischemia-reperfusion injury, can disrupt the quaternary structure of DLD leading to decreased dehydrogenase activity and increased diaphorase activity.
The moonlighting proteolytic activity of DLD could also arise under pathological conditions. Proteolytic activity can further complicate the reduction in energy metabolism and an increase in oxidative damage as a result of decreased DLD activity and an increase in diaphorase activity respectively. With its proteolytic function, DLD removes a functionally vital domain from the N-terminus of frataxin, a mitochondrial protein involved in iron metabolism and antioxidant protection.
Clinical significance.
In humans, mutations in DLD are linked to a severe disorder of infancy with failure to thrive, hypotonia, and metabolic acidosis. DLD deficiency manifests itself in a great degree of variability, which has been attributed to varying effects of different DLD mutations on the stability of the protein and its ability to dimerize or interact with other components of the three α-ketoacid dehydrogenase complexes.
With its proteolytic function, DLD causes a deficiency in frataxin, which leads to the neurodegenerative and cardiac disease, Friedreich ataxia. Future research hopes to assess how the proteolytic activity of DLD contributes to the symptoms of DLD deficiency, Friedreich ataxia, and ischemia reperfusion injury and whether this activity could be a target for therapy for these conditions.
Enzyme regulation.
This protein may use the morpheein model of allosteric regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="9719616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719616" title="Hemaris diffinis">
Hemaris diffinis

The Snowberry Clearwing ("Hemaris diffinis") is a moth of the order Lepidoptera, family Sphingidae.
Adults.
It is about . The moth's abdomen has yellow and black segments much like those of the bumblebee, for whom it might be mistaken due to its color and flight pattern similarities. The moth's wings lack the large amount of scales found in most other lepidopterans, particularly in the centralized regions, making them appear clear. It loses the scales on its wings early after the pupa stage by its highly active flight tendencies. It flies during the daylight much like the other hummingbird moths, but it may also continue flight into the evening, particularly if it has found a good source of nectar.
Distribution.
The moth is found from the Northwest Territories, British Columbia and in southern Ontario in Canada. In the United States this species has been located in southern California and Baja California Norte, east through most of the United States to Maine and Florida.
Food Plants.
The larvae feed on plants including honeysuckle, viburnum, hawthorn, snowberry, cherry, and plum.

</doc>
<doc id="9719619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719619" title="Hospital police">
Hospital police

Hospital police are specialized police agencies in the United States that provide law enforcement services and security to hospitals.
As a result of the increase violence in the healthcare field, mental health patients, and a wide range of civil disturbances found across the nation, hospital security often proved insufficient. This occasionally resulted in injury to both the hospital staff and the security officers. These hospital security officers were often poorly trained, ineffectively led, and unprepared to respond to these turbulent and unanticipated events. Trauma centers treat patients of assaults, stabbings, and shootings which brings upset family and friends. Hospitals have the potential for violence on a daily basis. 
Creation of hospital police departments began in the 1970s across the United States. Statutory laws were passed and necessary regulations were enacted to provide these security officers with the necessary statutory authority to perform their expanded roles as police officers. Hospital police officers were required to meet higher training and educational standards by attending the police academy. Further training was given to these police officers to deal with hospital-specific issues, including non-violent crisis management.
The United States Department of Veterans Affairs, along with many state and municipal owned hospitals, have full service law enforcement agencies, while private non-profit hospitals usually have special police or constables. Today's hospital police officers are better equipped to deal with hospital specific issues, and have detailed understanding of law enforcement within a healthcare environment.

</doc>
<doc id="9719639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719639" title="Rob Christiansen">
Rob Christiansen

Rob Christiansen is an American musician and recording engineer, who played in the 1990s indie pop band Eggs and the Grenadine 'supergroup', and plays in the band Sisterhood of Convoluted Thinkers and The Shot Heard 'Round the World. In 2006, he produced the Shot Heard 'Round the World's Ten Songs for Town & Country record. Ref1, Ref2

</doc>
<doc id="9719645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719645" title="Lumumba (band)">
Lumumba (band)

Lumumba is an Argentinan reggae band fronted by Fidel Nadal and Pablo Molina (both, formerly from Todos Tus Muertos). It was named after Patrice Lumumba (the first legally elected Prime Minister of the Congo). This project helped Fidel Nadal start his solo career.

</doc>
<doc id="9719652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719652" title="History of tennis">
History of tennis

Most historians believe that tennis originated in the monastic cloisters in northern France in the 12th century, but the ball was then struck with the palm of the hand, hence the name jeu de paume ("game of the palm"). It was not until the 16th century that rackets came into use, and the game began to be called "tennis." It was popular in England and France, although the game was only played indoors where the ball could be hit off the wall. Henry VIII of England was a big fan of this game, which historians now refer to as real tennis.
The Davis Cup, an annual competition between men's national teams, dates to 1900. The analogous competition for women's national teams, the Fed Cup, was founded as the Federation Cup in 1963 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the International Tennis Federation, also known as the ITF.
In 1926, promoter C.C. Pyle created the first professional tennis tour with a group of American and French tennis players playing exhibition matches to paying audiences. The most notable of these early professionals were the American Vinnie Richards and the Frenchwoman Suzanne Lenglen. Once a player "turned pro" he or she could not compete in the major (amateur) tournaments.
In 1968, commercial pressures and rumors of some amateurs taking money under the table led to the abandonment of this distinction, inaugurating the open era, in which all players could compete in all tournaments, and top players were able to make their living from tennis. With the beginning of the open era, the establishment of an international professional tennis circuit, and revenues from the sale of television rights, tennis's popularity has spread worldwide, and the sport has shed its upper/middle-class English-speaking image (although it is acknowledged that this stereotype still exists).
Etymology.
The word "Tennis" came into use in English in the mid-13th century from Old French, via the Anglo-Norman term "Tenez", which can be translated as "hold!", "receive!" or "take!". A call from the server to his opponent indicating that he is about to serve. The first known appearance of the word in English literature is by poet John Gower in his poem titled 'In Praise of Peace' dedicated to King Henry IV and composed in 1400; ""Of the tenetz to winne or lese a chase, Mai no lif wite er that the bal be ronne". (Whether a chase is won or lost at tennis, Nobody can know until the ball is run)".
Royal origins.
Tennis is mentioned in literature as far back as the Middle Ages. In "The Second Shepherds' Play" (c. 1500) shepherds gave three gifts, including a tennis ball, to the newborn Christ. Sir Gawain, a knight of King Arthur's round table, plays tennis against a group of 17 giants in "The Turke and Gowin" (c. 1500).
Real tennis.
The Medieval form of tennis is termed as "real tennis". Real tennis evolved over three centuries from an earlier ball game played around the 12th century in France. This had some similarities to palla, fives, pelota, and handball, involving hitting a ball with a bare hand and later with a glove. One theory is that this game was played by monks in monastery cloisters, based on the construction and appearance of early courts, some of which were grass fields. By the 16th century, the glove had become a racquet, the game had moved to an enclosed playing area, and the rules had stabilized. Real tennis spread in popularity throughout royalty in Europe, reaching its peak in the 16th century.
In 1437 at the Blackfriars, Perth, the playing of tennis indirectly led to the death of King James I of Scotland, when the drain outlet, through which he hoped to escape assassins, had been blocked to prevent the loss of tennis balls. James was trapped and killed.
Francis I of France (1515–47) was an enthusiastic player and promoter of real tennis, building courts and encouraging play among the courtiers and commoners. His successor Henry II (1547–59) was also an excellent player and continued the royal French tradition. In 1555 an Italian priest, Antonio Scaino da Salothe, wrote the first known book about tennis, "Trattato del Giuoco della Palla". Two French kings died from tennis related episodes—Louis X of a severe chill after playing and Charles VIII after hitting his head during a game. King Charles IX granted a constitution to the Corporation of Tennis Professionals in 1571, creating the first pro tennis 'tour', establishing three professional levels: apprentice, associate, and master. A professional named Forbet wrote and published the first codification of the rules in 1599.
Royal interest in England began with Henry V (1413–22.) Henry VIII (1509–47) made the biggest impact as a young monarch; playing the game with gusto at Hampton Court on a court he built in 1530. It is believed that his second wife Anne Boleyn was watching a game when she was arrested and that Henry was playing when news of her execution arrived. During the reign of James I (1603–25), London had 14 courts.
Real tennis is mentioned in literature by William Shakespeare who mentions "tennis balles" in Henry V (1599), when a basket of them is given to King Henry as a mockery of his youth and playfulness; the incident is also mentioned in some earlier chronicles and ballads. One of the most striking early references appears in a painting by Giambattista Tiepolo entitled "The Death of Hyacinth" (1752–1753) in which a strung racquet and three tennis balls are depicted. The painting's theme is the mythological story of Apollo and Hyacinth, written by Ovid. Giovanni Andrea dell'Anguillara translated it into Italian in 1561 and replaced the ancient game of discus, in the original text with "pallacorda" or tennis, which had achieved a high status at the courts in the middle of the 16th century. Tiepolo's painting, displayed at the Museo Thyssen Bornemisza in Madrid, was ordered in 1752 by German count Wilhelm Friedrich Schaumburg Lippe, who was an avid tennis player.
The game thrived among the 17th-century nobility in France, Spain, Italy, and in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but suffered under English Puritanism. By the Age of Napoleon, the royal families of Europe were besieged and real tennis was largely abandoned. Real tennis played a minor role in the history of the French Revolution, through the Tennis Court Oath, a pledge signed by French deputies on a real tennis court, which formed a decisive early step in starting the revolution. In England, during the 18th and early 19th centuries as real tennis died out, three other racquet sports emerged: racquets, squash racquets, and lawn tennis (the modern game).
Birth of lawn tennis.
The modern sport is tied to two separate inventions.
Between 1859 and 1865, in Birmingham, England, Major Harry Gem, a solicitor, and his friend Augurio Perera, a Spanish merchant, combined elements of the game of rackets and the Spanish ball game Pelota and played it on a croquet lawn in Edgbaston. In 1872, both men moved to Leamington Spa and in 1874, with two doctors from the Warneford Hospital, founded the world's first tennis club, the Leamington Tennis Club.
In December 1873, Major Walter Clopton Wingfield designed and patented a similar game—which he called Sphairistikè (, from ancient Greek meaning "skill at playing at ball"), and was soon known simply as "sticky"—for the amusement of his guests at a garden party on his estate of Nantclwyd, in Llanelidan, Wales. He likely based his game on the evolving sport of outdoor tennis including real tennis. Much of modern tennis terminology also derives from this period, as Wingfield borrowed both the name and much of the French vocabulary of real tennis and applied them to his new game. He patented the game in 1874 with an eight-page rule book titled "Sphairistike or Lawn Tennis", but he failed to succeed in enforcing his patent. In his version the game was played on an hour-glass shaped court and the net was higher (4 feet 8 inches). The service had to be made from a diamond-shaped box at one end only and the service had to bounce beyond the service line instead of in front of it. He adopted the Rackets-based system of scoring where games consisted of 15 points (called 'aces').
Terminology.
Wingfield borrowed both the name and much of the French vocabulary of real tennis:
Tournaments and tours.
The Four Majors.
The four "Majors" or Grand Slam tournaments, the four biggest competitions on the tennis circuit, are Wimbledon, the US Open, the French Open, and the Australian Open. Since the mid 1920s they became and have remained the most prestigious events in tennis. Winning these four tournaments in the same year is called the "Grand Slam" (a term borrowed from bridge).
1877: Wimbledon.
"Article section: Wimbledon, The Beginning"
The Championships, Wimbledon, were founded by the All England Club in 1877 to raise money for the club. The first Championships were contested by 22 men and the winner received a Silver Gilt Cup proclaiming the winner to be ""The All England Lawn Tennis Club Single Handed Champion of the World"". The first Championships culminated a significant debate on how to standardize the rules. The following year it was recognized as the official British Championships, although it was open to international competitors. In 1884 the Ladies Singles and Gentlemen's Doubles Championships were inaugurated, followed by the Ladies and Mixed Doubles in 1913.
Name
1877: The Championships
Surface
1877: Grass
Venue change
1877: Worple Road, Wimbledon
1922: Church Road, Wimbledon
1881: U.S. Open.
Tennis was first played in the U.S. at the home of Mary Ewing Outerbridge at the Staten Island Cricket Club in New Brighton Staten Island, New York in 1874. In 1881, the desire to play tennis competitively led to the establishment of tennis clubs.
The exact location of the club was under what is now the Staten Island Ferry terminal. The first American National tournament in 1880 was played there. An Englishman named O.E Woodhouse won the singles match. There was also a doubles match which was won by a local pair. There were different rules at each club. The ball in Boston was larger than the one normally used in NY. On May 21, 1881, the United States National Lawn Tennis Association (now the United States Tennis Association) was formed to standardize the rules and organize competitions.
The US National Men's Singles Championship, now the US Open, was first held in 1881 at Newport, Rhode Island. The U.S. National Women's Singles Championships were first held in 1887 in Philadelphia. On 21 May 1881, the United States National Lawn Tennis Association (now the United States Tennis Association) was formed to standardize the rules and organize competitions.
The tournament was made officially one of the tennis 'Majors' from 1924 by the ILTF (though regarded unofficially as such before that time)
Name change
1881: U.S. National Championship
1968: U.S. Open
Surface change
1881: Grass
1975: Clay Har-Tru
1978: Hard DecoTurf
Venue change (men's championship)
1881: Newport
1915: Forest Hills
1921: Germantown
1924: Forest Hills
1978: Flushing Meadows
1891/1925: The French Open.
Tennis was predominantly a sport of the English-speaking world, dominated by Great Britain and the United States. It was also popular in France, where the French Open dates to 1891 as the Championat de France International de Tennis. This tournament was not recognised as a Major or Grand Slam tournament until it was opened to all nationalities in 1925.
Name change
1891: Championnat de France
1925: Championnats Internationaux de France
1928: Tournoi de Roland Garros
Surface change
1891: Clay and Sand
1909: Clay
Venue change
1891-1908: shared by Tennis Club de Paris)/Ile de Puteaux, Paris/Racing Club de France
1909: Societe Athletique de la Villa Primrose, Bordeaux
1910: Racing Club de France, Paris
1925: Stade Français, Paris
1926: Racing Club de France, Paris
1927: Stade Français, Paris
1928: Stade Roland Garros, Paris
1905: Australian Open.
The Australian Open was first played in 1905 as The Australasian (Australia and New Zealand) Championships. Because of its geographic remoteness, historically, the event did not gain attendance from the top tennis players. It became one of the major tennis tournaments starting in 1924 (designated by the ILTF). In 1927, because of New Zealand tennis authorities releasing their commitments to the tournament, it became known as the Australian Championships. For most of the 1970s and the early 1980s, the event lacked participation from top ranked tennis professionals. Since its move to Melbourne Park in 1988, the Australian Open has gained the popularity of the other three Grand Slams.
Name change
1905: Australasian Championships
1927: Australian Championships
1969: Australian Open
Surface change
1905: Grass
1988: Hard Rebound Ace
2008: Hard Plexicushion
Venue change
1905: Melbourne
1906 -: Christchurch and alternated in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane and Perth. In 1912 at Hastings
1972: Kooyong
1988: Melbourne Park
The Davis Cup.
In 1898, Dwight F. Davis of the Harvard University tennis team designed a tournament format with the idea of challenging the British to a tennis showdown. The first match, between the United States and Great Britain was held in Boston, Massachusetts in 1900. The American team, of which Dwight Davis was a part, surprised the British by winning the first three matches. By 1905 the tournament had expanded to include Belgium, Austria, France, and Australia, a combined team from Australia and New Zealand that competed jointly until 1913.
The tournament was initially known as the International Lawn Tennis Challenge. It was renamed the Davis Cup following the death of Dwight Davis in 1945. The tournament has vastly expanded and, on its 100th anniversary in 1999, 130 nations competed.
International Tennis Federation.
1913 also saw twelve national tennis associations agree at a Paris conference to form the International Lawn Tennis Federation, which was renamed in 1977 as the current International Tennis Federation (ITF). The rules the association promulgated in 1924 have remained remarkably stable in the ensuing ninety years, the one major change being the addition of the "tie-break" system designed by James Van Alen.
That same year, tennis withdrew from the Olympics after the 1924 Games but returned 60 years later as a 21-and-under demonstration event in 1984. This reinstatement was credited by the efforts by the then ITF President Philippe Chatrier, ITF General Secretary David Gray and ITF Vice President Pablo Llorens, and support from IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch. The success of the event was overwhelming and the IOC decided to reintroduce tennis as a full medal sport at Seoul in 1988.
The Fed Cup.
The idea of a Davis Cup-style tournament for national women's teams is surprisingly old—it was first proposed in 1919 by Hazel Hotchkiss Wightman. After she was turned down, she donated a trophy in 1923 that would be known as the Wightman Cup, awarded in an annual match between the two strongest women's tennis nations of the time, the United States and Great Britain.
Wightman's original idea for a worldwide women's team tournament would bear fruit more than 40 years later in 1962, when Nell Hopman persuaded the ITF to begin sponsoring such an event. The first Federation Cup was played in 1963 as part of the ITF's 50th anniversary celebrations; it involved 16 countries and was played over one week. By the 1990s, over 70 nations competed each year, and regional qualifiers were introduced in 1992. In 1995, the ITF introduced a new Davis Cup-style format for the competition and rechristened it the Fed Cup.
Pro tournaments.
The main events of the professional circuit comprised head-to-head competition and by-invitation Pro Championships, which were the precedents for the Grand Slam tournaments before the Open Era began in 1968.
The leading professional players were under contract with a professional promoter before the Open Era. For example, popular players like Suzanne Lenglen and Vincent Richards toured North America under contract to Charles C. Pyle. Contract players were controlled by their promoters and could not always play the tournaments they wanted while amateur players followed national (and international) federations. For example, In 1939, Norman Brookes, president of the Australian Federation, decided not to send Australian players to Wimbledon because he wanted them to prepare for the Davis Cup. Therefore, great Aussie players as John Bromwich or Adrian Quist went to the USA instead of Wimbledon. During the first hundred years of tennis the players had absolutely no control over their destinies.
Pro tours.
Most professionals played in separate professional events, mostly on tours in head-to-head competition referred as "pro tours".
In 1926, promoter C. C. Pyle established the first professional tour with a group of American and French players playing exhibition matches to paying audiences. The most notable early professionals were American Vinnie Richards and Frenchwoman Suzanne Lenglen. Once a player "turned pro" he or she could not compete in the major (amateur) tournaments.
In the years before the open era, male professionals often played more frequently on tours than in tournaments because head-to-head tours between two stars paid much better than tournaments and the number of professional tournaments was small. For example, Fred Perry earned U.S. $91,000 ($ today) in a 1937 North American tour against Ellsworth Vines but won only U.S. $450 ($) for his 1938 victory at the U.S. Pro Tennis Championships. Vines probably never entered a tournament in 1937 and 1938. In 1937, Vines played 70 matches on two tours and no tournament matches. Even in the 1950s, some professionals continued to play tour matches. During his first five months as a professional (January through May 1957), Ken Rosewall played 76 matches on a tour against Pancho Gonzales but only 9 tournament matches. Joe McCauley determined that for 1952, only 7 professional tournaments were played by the top international players, and 2 other professional tournaments (the British Pro and the German Pro) were reserved for domestic players. Only during the 1960s did professional tournaments become more significant than tours.
Pro Championships (Pro Slams).
In addition to head-to-head events several annual professional tournaments were called championship tournaments. The most prestigious was usually the Wembley Championship, held at the Wembley Arena in England, played between 1934 and 1990. The oldest was the U.S. Pro Tennis Championships, played between 1927 and 1999. Between 1954 and 1962, it was played indoors in Cleveland and was called the World Professional Championships. The third major tournament was the French Pro Championship, played between 1930 and 1968. The British and American championships continued into the Open era but devolved to the status of minor tournaments after the late 1960s.
The Tournament of Champions was held between 1956 and 1959, the 1956 edition taking place in Los Angeles and the 1957, 1958 and 1959 editions taking place at Forest Hills. There was also the Wimbledon Pro tournament held in August 1967, the first tournament where professional tennis players were allowed to play at Wimbledon.
Open Era.
The Open Era began in 1968, when the Grand Slam tournaments agreed to allow professional players to compete with amateurs. Prior to 1968 only amateurs were allowed to compete in the Grand Slam tournaments and other events organized or sanctioned by the ILTF including the Davis Cup. In the open era professionals and amateurs could compete in all tournaments, although particularly during the first years of the open era, power struggles between the ILTF and the commercial promoters led to boycotts of Grand Slam events. The open era has allowed all tennis players the opportunity to make a living playing tennis. The first open era event was the 1968 British Hard Court Championships held in April at The West Hants Club in Bournemouth, England, while the first open Grand Slam tournament was the 1968 French Open in May. Both tournaments were won by Ken Rosewall.
WCT & NTL.
In 1968, a few professionals were independent including Lew Hoad, Mal Anderson, Luis Ayala, and Owen Davidson but most of the best players were under contract. George McCall operated the National Tennis League (NTL) and managed Rod Laver, Roy Emerson, Ken Rosewall, Andrés Gimeno, Pancho Gonzales and Fred Stolle. Dave Dixon (later succeeded by Lamar Hunt) ran World Championship Tennis (WCT) and managed the "Handsome Eight": John Newcombe, Tony Roche, Nikola Pilić, Roger Taylor, Pierre Barthès, Earl "Butch" Buchholz, Cliff Drysdale and Dennis Ralston
In 1968, the original Handsome Eight WCT players were not allowed to participate in the French Open. In 1970, NTL players did not play the Australian Open because their organization did not receive a guarantee. In 1970, neither WCT nor NTL players played in the French Open.
Grand Prix circuit.
In the first two years of the Open Era, the NTL and WCT promoters began to control the game. To outmaneuver them, Jack Kramer, the 1940s and 1950s best player (and a promoter), conceived the Grand Prix tennis circuit in late 1969. He described it as: . . . a series of tournaments with a money bonus pool that would be split up on the basis of a cumulative point system. This would encourage the best players to compete regularly in the series, so that they could share in the bonus at the end and qualify for a special championship tournament that would climax the year.
In 1970, not a single contract player showed up for the French Open. The International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF), alarmed by the control of the promoters, approved Kramer's Grand Prix. Twenty seven tournaments including the three Grand Slams, French Open, Wimbledon and US Open were played that year, with Stockholm tournament ending on 1 November. The independent professionals along with a few contract players entered the Grand Prix circuit. The contract players could play the Grand Prix events if they were allowed and had time apart from their own circuit.
Tour rivalries and the origin of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).
The first WCT tournaments were held in February 1968 and the first NTL tournaments in March 1969. In spring 1970, the WCT absorbed the NTL. At the end of 1970, a panel of journalists ranked the players, leading the WCT to send invitations to the 32 top men to play the 1971 WCT circuit: among the 32, Ilie Năstase, Stan Smith, Jan Kodeš, Željko Franulović and Clark Graebner stayed independent. In 1971, the WCT ran 20 tournaments and the year-ending WCT Finals. In 1971, the majority of the best players still mainly played the WCT circuit.
The Australian Open was a WCT competition whereas Roland Garros, Wimbledon and Forest Hills were ILTF Grand Prix events. The conflict between the two groups got so strong in 1971 that Rosewall, Gimeno, Laver, Emerson and some other WCT players didn't play at the 1971 US Open, although Newcombe played and lost in the first round to Kodes. Bill Riordan (future manager of Jimmy Connors) complicated matters further with a third professional tour, the U.S. Indoor Circuit.
In 1972, the war between the ILTF and the WCT culminated in the ILTF banning the contract pro players from all ILTF Grand Prix events between January and July, which included the 1972 French Open and 1972 Wimbledon. At the 1972 US Open, all the players attended and agreed to form a player syndicate to protect themselves from the promoters and associations. Thus was born the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) in September 1972.
In 1973, there were four rival pro circuits: the WCT circuit, the Grand Prix circuit, the U.S. Indoor Circuit with Connors and Ilie Năstase and the European Spring Circuit with Năstase as their star. During the year, the ILTF banned Nikola Pilić from 1973 Wimbledon, due to Pilic's alleged refusal to play in Yugoslavia's Davis Cup tie against New Zealand. In retaliation, 81 out of 84 of Pilic's fellow players who were ATP members, boycotted 1973 Wimbledon in response, stating that professional players should have the right of deciding whether to play Davis Cup matches or not. The only ATP players who refused to boycott 1973 Wimbledon were Ilie Năstase, Roger Taylor and Ray Keldie. They were later fined by the ATP for their participation in the tournament.
Between 1974 and 1978, any tennis player who participated in World TeamTennis was banned by the French Tennis Federation from playing in the French Open in the same calendar year.
Integration.
In 1978 the Grand Prix and WCT circuits merged. In 1982, the WCT circuit broke away (and created a more complex WCT ranking, similar to the ATP ranking.) The WCT wasn't as successful in the 1980s, leaving the Grand Prix circuit as the main circuit. The Grand Prix's governance was led by the Men's International Professional Tennis Council (MIPTC), later renamed to Men's Tennis Council (MTC). The WCT Finals in Dallas continued being held until the end of the 1980s, and then disbanded with the creation of the ATP Tour for 1990.
The Open Era, the global professional circuit, and television helped tennis spread globally and shed its aristocratic, anglosphere image. In America, courts are a common feature of public recreational facilities. Accordingly, in the 1970s the U.S. Open moved from the posh West Side Tennis Club to a public park (the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, Flushing Meadows Park) that is accessible to anyone who buys a ticket. About the same time, the ruling body's name changed from the United States Lawn Tennis Association to the United States Tennis Association.
ATP Tour.
In 1990, the Association of Tennis Professionals, led by Hamilton Jordan, replaced the MTC as the governing body of men's professional tennis, and the ATP Tour was born. The ATP Tour began in 1990, packaging the nine most prestigious events as "Super Nine", abandoning the 'Grand Prix' label. Twelve of the more prestigious Grand Prix events later were labeled International Series Gold while the remaining (approximately 60) became known as the International Series. The format continued from the 1998 season to the present, although slightly reorganized in 2009. The Super Nine became the Masters Series, occupying the rank below the Grand Slams. In 2000, the Grand Slam tournaments and the Masters Series tournaments became the only mandatory professional events. Players were automatically entered and Masters and Slam events became the baseline for player rankings.
In 2009, the Masters events were renamed the ATP World Tour Masters 1000. The Monte Carlo Masters, although retaining its Masters status, uniquely dropped the mandatory commitment. International Series Gold became the ATP World Tour 500, and the remaining events became the ATP World Tour 250. The numbers indicate the winners' ranking points. The Davis Cup also began to award ATP ranking points.
Women's professional tennis.
Women's professional tennis began in 1926 when world number one Suzanne Lenglen accepted $50,000 for a series of matches against three time US Champion Mary K. Browne. This ended in 1927 and women didn't again compete at the professional level until 1941 when Alice Marble headlined a tour against Mary Hardwick. World War 2 hindered most pro competitions and many players were involved with entertaining the troops. In 1947 women pros were again in action with a short-lived series of exhibition matches between Pauline Betz and Sarah Palfrey Cooke, both U.S. National Champions. In 1950–51, Bobby Riggs signed Betz and Gussie Moran to play a pro tour with Jack Kramer and Pancho Segura, (Betz dominated Moran.) Althea Gibson turned pro in 1958 and joined with Karol Fageros ("the Golden Goddess") as the opening act for the Harlem Globetrotters for one season. There was virtually no further women's professional tennis until 1967 when promoter George McCall signed Billie Jean King, Ann Jones, Françoise Dürr, and Rosie Casals to join his tour of eight men for two years. The pro women then played as independents as the Open Era began.
In 1970, promoter for the Pacific Southwest Championships in Los Angeles Jack Kramer offered the women only $7,500 in prize money versus the men's total of $50,000. When Kramer refused to match the men's prize money, King and Casals urged a boycott. Gladys Heldman, American publisher of "World Tennis" magazine, responded with a separate women's tour under the sponsorship of Virginia Slims cigarettes. In 1971–72 the WT Women's Pro Tour offered nearly ten times the prize money of other pro women's tennis events. The tour alienated the USLTA, which initially would not sanction the tour. Giving Virginia Slims the individual events and the USLTA the tour resolved the conflict. In 1973, the U.S. Open made history by offering equal prize money to men and women. Billie Jean King, the most visible advocate for the women's cause, earned over $100,000 in 1971 and 1972. In the famous Battle of the Sexes exhibition match against crafty Bobby Riggs in September 1973, King brought even more media attention to tennis, and to women professionals in all walks of life.
The Women's Tennis Association, formed in 1973, is the principal organizing body of women's professional tennis. It organizes the WTA Tour, the worldwide professional tennis tour. Sponsors included Virginia Slims (1971–78), Avon (1979–82), Virginia Slims again (1983–94), J.P. Morgan Chase (1996–2000), Sanex (2001) Home Depot (2002), and Sony Ericsson (2006).
From 1984–98, the finals matches of the championship event were best-of-five, uniquely among women's tournaments. In 1999, the finals reverted to best-of-three. The WTA Tour Championships are generally considered to be the women's fifth most prestigious event (after the four Grand Slam tournaments.)
Hall of Fame.
In 1954, James Van Alen founded the International Tennis Hall of Fame, a non-profit museum in Newport, Rhode Island. The building contains a large collection of memorabilia as well as honoring prominent players and others. Each year, a grass-court tournament takes place on its grounds, as well as an induction ceremony honoring new members.

</doc>
<doc id="9719655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719655" title="Pray for Me (Mobb Deep song)">
Pray for Me (Mobb Deep song)

"Pray for Me" is the fourth and final single from Mobb Deep's "Infamy" album. The song features Lil' Mo. The b-side features the song "Clap".
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9719667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719667" title="Let It Come Down">
Let It Come Down

Let It Come Down may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9719675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719675" title="Hoveround">
Hoveround

Hoveround is an American corporation that manufactures and distributes the Hoveround brand of power wheelchairs (also known as motorized wheelchairs) and sells scooters, lifts, ramps and power chair accessories.
The company, founded in 1992 by former nurse and inventor Tom Kruse, is based in Sarasota, Florida. Its battery-operated products are primarily designed to assist mobility challenged individuals in getting around inside their homes and to facilitate mobility-related activities of daily living (MRADLs).
Hoveround sold directly to consumers. Hoveround relied primarily on television, mail and their website for sales efforts.
In 2012, the company had celebrated its 20th anniversary and employed more than 500 employees. 
In early 2014, Hoveround laid off 20 or more workers at its Sarasota County headquarters offices. The worker reduction brought the total number of employees in the region within a range of only 290 to 295.
According to spokespeople, competitive bidding at Medicare and the need for the company to trim payroll prompted the lay offs of staffers from throughout the organization. 
Background.
Inventor Thomas Kruse, along with his brothers George and Robert, founded Hoveround Corporation in April 1992. Built to increase the mobility of wheelchair-bound individuals, the Hoveround prototype maximized ease-of-operation, comfort and durability.
The name “Hoveround” is the brainchild of Tom Kruse. He blended the word “hover” (based on the hovering look of the wheelchair), with the Beach Boys’ song “I Get Around”. Kruse had been listening to the song on the radio while driving to a power chair promotional event and came up with the Hoveround name.
On June 28, 1994, Hoveround began selling its power wheelchairs direct to the customer. Within 90 days, Hoveround was profitable. 
Hoveround achieved FDA certification as a registered manufacturer in 1994, followed by ISO 9001 certification in 1997. In 1998, private holding company Jordan Industries, purchased an 80% stake in Hoveround. The remaining stock remained with Kruse and his brothers.
Manufacturing.
Hoveround custom assembles all of its power chairs at the company’s manufacturing facilities in Southwest Florida. 
Products.
As of 2014, Hoveround continued to sell power wheelchairs, motorized scooters, personal lifts, ramps and various power wheelchair accessories. 

</doc>
<doc id="9719678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719678" title="Los caranchos de la Florida">
Los caranchos de la Florida

Los caranchos de la Florida is a Argentine drama film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred José Gola and Amelia Bence.
The film is based on a novel by Benito Lynch.
In the USA release the film was distributed by Cinexport Distributing Co.
Plot.
The film deals with the conflict between a father, master of a cattle ranch, and his son, who has returned after study.

</doc>
<doc id="9719679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719679" title="Fred LeBlanc">
Fred LeBlanc

Fred LeBlanc is the lead singer/drummer for the New Orleans-based rock band Cowboy Mouth, and a freelance songwriter, record producer, short story author, and acoustic performer. Known for his "maniacal" performance style, and described as "a short, muscular guy with a heavy brow and piercingly intelligent eyes", LeBlanc has been called "one of the more instantly recognizable figures in contemporary Louisiana music."
Biography.
After graduating from Jesuit High School in New Orleans, LeBlanc began his career in the early 1980s with the Backbeats, also from New Orleans, which featured many future members of Cowboy Mouth. His tenure with this group was mostly relegated to background drummer.
A year after the Backbeats disbanded in the mid-1980s, LeBlanc joined Baton Rouge power trio Dash Rip Rock as drummer and as contributing songwriter and co-lead singer. The band was heavily influenced by the American roots music movement of the time, as well as the frenzied punk and rock stylings of both the Sex Pistols and Jerry Lee Lewis. To this mix, LeBlanc's songs usually had a very strong melodic component, with "Operator", "Blue Moon At Midnight", and "Go Home, Little Girl" being some of his more popular songs with the group. He also arranged and sang lead upon Dash's cowpunk version of the Hank Williams standard "I Saw The Light" which became a live Dash staple, even after LeBlanc left the band in 1989.
Frustrated with the band's focus on maintaining a bar band focus at the expense of songwriting, LeBlanc left Dash Rip Rock in mid-1989 and signed a deal as a solo artist with EMI Records. Although no recordings were ever released from his tenure with the label, LeBlanc has said that the year off from the road "gave me a chance to focus on my songwriting," with LeBlanc writing many songs during that time that would appear on various Cowboy Mouth recordings later on.
LeBlanc formed Cowboy Mouth in late 1990 with a lineup that has changed variously throughout the years, with the main constants being LeBlanc and John Thomas Griffith on guitar and vocals. The band has maintained a steady touring schedule since their formation, gaining in popularity steadily throughout the years through the notoriety of their live shows. LeBlanc has written many of Cowboy Mouth's material, such as "How Do You Tell Someone", "Love Of My Life", "Disconnected", "Take Me Back To New Orleans", "Easy", "Tell The Girl", "So Sad About Me", "The Avenue", and the band's signature song "Jenny Says".
In addition to performing and recording with Cowboy Mouth, LeBlanc has mixed a few of their early independent label albums. He produced an album called "A Different Story" by New Orleans-based popsters Deadeye Dick. The album featured the song "New Age Girl", which won the band and LeBlanc a gold record in the early 1990s and was included in the Jim Carrey movie "Dumb And Dumber".
LeBlanc has produced material for Mark Bryan of Hootie & The Blowfish fame, and albums for Dash Rip Rock (long after he left the band), The Bingemen, and The Garden District—the latter of which are both from New Orleans. He also released solo CDs entitled "Here On Earth", "Shiver", "Double Dammit", and "Playing The Game Of My Life", as well as an album of spoken word short stories (also released in text form) called "Always Give Thanks". In July 2010, LeBlanc said that he would continue to release solo music, a song or two at a time, during breaks in Cowboy Mouth's schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="9719691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719691" title="WWFC">
WWFC

WWFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9719705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719705" title="C. Person's Sons">
C. Person's Sons

C. Person's Sons was a whiskey distillery and wholesale distribution center in Buffalo, New York from 1850 until closing due to Prohibition in 1920. Known throughout all of western New York as the "foremost whiskey rectifier", C. Person's Sons was known for integrity, the excellence of its wares, and the courteous handling of its customers.
Founding.
C. Person's Sons was founded by Charles Person, a German immigrant from the Alsace-Lorraine region. Person arrived in the United States at the age of fourteen and at the age of 23 opened up his business, simply called "Charles Person's", in a rented space of twenty-by-thirty feet.
Developing his skill and taste, Person also started a family with wife Sophia in 1850, a family that would grow to include ten children (six boys, four girls). As early as 1875, the business listing filed by Person was now titled "Charles Person and Son", and by 1885, "Charles Person and Sons."
Up to Prohibition.
In the few years leading up to the Volstead Act and Prohibition, C. Person's Sons enjoyed ever-increasing success. The firm was eventually established on historic Elm Street in Buffalo, occupying an impressive five-story building, specifically built for the firm. The building had lavish salesrooms and massive storerooms.
In 1908, C. Person's Sons appeared before a New York district court for violation of applicable laws relating to distilleries and whiskey as a medicinal component only. In the case, 93 cases of C. Person's Sons whiskey was confiscated (each case containing 12 bottles each) and ordered destroyed, unless properly packaged as a medicinal medium only, along with payment of a $2,000 bond. According to case files, the packaging was corrected and the bond was paid.
When Prohibition was finally enacted, C. Person's Sons was forced to close down, being too large of a business to continue running as a speakeasy or moonshine operation. Two weeks before the official closing, people from all over Western New York began lining up to buy and presumably stock up on what would soon become an illegal commodity. The line formed each day, all day, and when the business finally closed its doors, there were still 2,000 cases of whiskey still remaining, giving testament to the size and volume of C. Person's Sons business.

</doc>
<doc id="9719710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719710" title="Espen Rian">
Espen Rian

Espen Rian (born February 11, 1981) is a Norwegian Nordic combined skier who has competed since 2002. At the 2010 Winter Olympics, he finished fifth in the 4 x 5 km team and 35th in the individual large hill event. 
Rian's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at Sapporo in 2007 with his best individual finish of eighth in the 15 km individual event at those same championships.
Professional information.
His best World Cup finish was third in a 4 x 5 km team event in Italy in 2007 while his best individual finish was fifth at a 7.5 km compact sprint event at Norway the following year.
Personal information.
Rian is 1.77 m tall, weighing 67 kg, with blonde hair and blue eyes. He spent his first years in Stadsbygd, Norway, with his parents and an older brother, later moving to Trondheim to attend sports high school at 15. Rian's hobbies include golf, tennis, football and hunting. He lives in Trondheim.

</doc>
<doc id="9719711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719711" title="El Casamiento de Chichilo">
El Casamiento de Chichilo

El Casamiento de Chichilo is a Argentine comedy film. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719734" title="Filipe Samuel Magaia">
Filipe Samuel Magaia

Filipe Samuel Magaia (7 March 1937 – 10/11 October 1966) was a Mozambican politician, guerrilla leader and Secretary of Defense for the Mozambican FRELIMO organisation during the Mozambican War of Independence. After a number of years fighting, Magaia was assassinated by a Frelimo soldier in the employ of the Portuguese.
Magaia was born in Mocuba, in the Zambezia Province of Mozambique, the son of Samuel Guenguene Magaia, a health practitioner, and his wife Albinic Ana Perreira Magaia. During his years as commander of the FRELIMO forces, Magaia sought assistance from Algeria in training his men. He outlined the strategy of the guerrilla forces as one of the "gradual wearing down, morally, psychologically and materially, of the enemy forces, and of the entire machinery that sustained the colonisation of Mozambique". He commanded forces during the initial attacks at Xai Xai, and later in the provinces of Niassa and Tete, using groups of ten to fifteen soldiers in quick guerrilla raids, advancing south towards Meponda and Mandimba, linking to Tete with the aid of forces from the Republic of Malawi. Enjoying freedom to move in the countryside, Magaia was able to increase his attack forces to the size of 100 soldiers in some cases, however on 10 or 11 October 1966, on returning to Tanzania after inspecting the front lines, Magaia was shot dead by Lourenço Matola, a fellow FRELIMO guerrilla who was said to be in the employ of the Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="9719750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719750" title="The Strad">
The Strad

The Strad is a UK-based monthly classical music magazine about string instruments, including cellists, violinists, and violists for amateur and professional musicians. Founded in 1889, the magazine provides information, photographs and reviews of instruments, related feature articles and news, and information about musical concerts. The magazine offers practical advice on technique, profiles of leading performers, master classes by some of the great teachers in the world and the craft of instrument making such as luthiers. It also includes articles about orchestras and music schools.
The first issue was released in June 1890. It is now owned by Newsquest and edited by Ariane Todes.

</doc>
<doc id="9719754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719754" title="Clutch (pin fastener)">
Clutch (pin fastener)

A butterfly clutch is a device that attaches to the back of a pin to secure an accessory to clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="9719756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719756" title="La Chismosa">
La Chismosa

La Chismosa is a Argentine film. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719774" title="List of As Told by Ginger episodes">
List of As Told by Ginger episodes

"As Told by Ginger" is an American animated series that ran from October 25, 2000 to November 14, 2006 in the United States. The series ended production in 2003, and by 2005 the series had fully aired on international versions of Nickelodeon, while in the U.S. the series was taken off Nickelodeon's schedule in 2004 during the third season. Two episodes premiered on sister channel Nicktoons, but the remaining eight episodes remain unaired (although the series finale, "The Wedding Frame", was released direct-to-DVD in November 2004). The following is a list of episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9719776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719776" title="With Broken Wings">
With Broken Wings

With Broken Wings () is a Argentine drama film directed by Orestes Caviglia. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719780" title="The Frankenstones">
The Frankenstones

The Frankenstones are a family of fictional characters who appeared on "The Flintstones" television series.
They debuted in 1979 and appeared in various spin-offs and specials through the early 1980s. The parents are a parody of The Munsters, and the children are a parody of the Addamses.
Introduction.
The first version of the family appear in the episode "Fred and Barney Meet the Frankenstones" of "The New Fred and Barney Show". They feature as the managers of a condorstonium development that the boys consider moving their families into. This Frankenstone family consists of:
Frank's voice is patterned after Boris Karloff by voice actor John Stephenson, and Hidea has a pseudo-Transylvanian accent.
Television specials.
Another version of the Frankenstones moves next door in the September 1980 television special "The Flintstones' New Neighbors". This time, the family consists of:
Again, the family is odd, but there does not seem to be any animosity between the Frankenstones and the Flintstones, and Frank's voice is still patterned after Boris Karloff. This version of the Frankenstones appears in "" in November 1980. They are not to be confused with the Frankenstone "monster" that appears in-between in the Halloween special, "The Flintstones Meet Rockula and Frankenstone".
The Flintstone Comedy Show.
Meanwhile, November 1980 premieres "The Flintstone Comedy Show" on Saturday mornings. The show features a weekly segment starring the neighboring Frankenstones. This version of the Frankenstones more closely resembles the version seen in "The New Fred and Barney Show" than the Frankenstones that just moved in next door in the prime-time specials.
This version of the family consists of:
They now have a pet, Rockjaw, who devours anything. The previously soft-natured Frank is now hot-tempered and wired, with his voice now done by Charles Nelson Reilly in his traditional high-pitched hyper-whiny style. Frank now becomes volatile at the drop of a hat, especially when he has to deal with his annoying neighbor and rival Fred Flintstone. Both men are frustrated by the friendships between their wives and children, and they always seem to be thrust into one mess after another because of each other.
This series ran for two years, and consecutively with two more prime-time specials in 1981 (which both revert to John Stephenson's version of Frank with his wife Oblivia, and children Hidea and Frankenstub). The continuity of the prime-time Flintstones and Saturday morning Flintstones drift farther apart because both have their own version of Frankenstone neighbors.
It is not revealed what happens to the Frankenstones or their castle after 1982. They do not appear in any later specials or movies. However, in one episode of "The Flintstone Comedy Show", a dinosaur picks up and runs off with the Frankenstone castle, proving it is mobile.

</doc>
<doc id="9719800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719800" title="Reduction (recursion theory)">
Reduction (recursion theory)

In computability theory, many reducibility relations (also called reductions, reducibilities, and notions of reducibility) are studied. They are motivated by the question: given sets "A" and "B" of natural numbers, is it possible to effectively convert a method for deciding membership in "B" into a method for deciding membership in "A"? If the answer to this question is affirmative then "A" is said to be reducible to "B". 
The study of reducibility notions is motivated by the study of decision problems. For many notions of reducibility, if any noncomputable set is reducible to a set "A" then "A" must also be noncomputable. This gives a powerful technique for proving that many sets are noncomputable.
Reducibility relations.
A reducibility relation is a binary relation on sets of natural numbers that is 
These two properties imply that a reducibility is a preorder on the powerset of the natural numbers. Not all preorders are studied as reducibility notions, however. The notions studied in computability theory have the informal property that "A" is reducible to "B" if and only if any (possibly noneffective) decision procedure for "B" can be effectively converted to a decision procedure for "A". The different reducibility relations vary in the methods they permit such a conversion process to use. 
Degrees of a reducibility relation.
Every reducibility relation (in fact, every preorder) induces an equivalence relation on the powerset of the natural numbers in which two sets are equivalent if and only if each one is reducible to the other. In recursion theory, these equivalence classes are called the degrees of the reducibility relation. For example, the Turing degrees are the equivalence classes of sets of naturals induced by Turing reducibility. 
The degrees of any reducibility relation are partially ordered by the relation in the following manner. Let ≤ be a reducibility relation and let A and B be two of its degrees. Then A ≤ B if and only if there is a set "A" in A and a set "B" in B such that "A" ≤ "B". This is equivalent to the property that for every set "A" in A and every set "B" in B, "A" ≤ "B", because any two sets in "A" are equivalent and any two sets in "B" are equivalent. It is common, as shown here, to use boldface notation to denote degrees.
Turing reducibility.
The most fundamental reducibility notion is Turing reducibility. A set "A" of natural numbers is Turing reducible to a set "B" if and only if there is an oracle Turing machine that, when run with "B" as its oracle set, will compute the indicator function (characteristic function) of "A". Equivalently, "A" is Turing reducible to "B" if and only if there is an algorithm for computing the indicator function for "A" provided that the algorithm is provided with a means to correctly answer questions of the form "Is "n" in "B"?". 
Turing reducibility serves as a dividing line for other reducibility notions because, according to the Church-Turing thesis, it is the most general reducibility relation that is effective. Reducibility relations that imply Turing reducibility have come to be known as strong reducibilities, while those that are implied by Turing reducibility are weak reducibilities. Equivalently, a strong reducibility relation is one whose degrees form a finer equivalence relation than the Turing degrees, while a weak reducibility relation is one whose degrees form a coarser equivalence relation than Turing equivalence.
Reductions stronger than Turing reducibility.
The strong reducibilities include
Many of these were introduced by Post (1944). Post was searching for a non-recursive, recursively enumerable set which the halting problem could not be Turing reduced to. As he could not construct such a set in 1944, he instead worked on the analogous problems for the various reducibilities that he introduced. These reducibilities have since been the subject of much research, and many relationships between them are known. 
Bounded reducibilities.
A bounded form of each of the above strong reducibilities can be defined. The most famous of these is bounded truth-table reduction, but there are also bounded Turing, bounded weak truth-table and others. These first three are the most common ones and they are based on the number of queries. For example, a set "A" is bounded truth-table reducible to "B" if and only if the Turing machine "M" computing "A" relative to "B" computes a list of up to "n" numbers, queries "B" on these numbers and then terminates for all possible oracle answers; the value "n" is a constant independent of "x". The difference between bounded weak truth-table and bounded Turing reduction is that in the first case, the up to "n" queries have to be made at the same time while in the second case, the queries can be made one after the other. For that reason, there are cases where "A" is bounded Turing reducible to "B" but not weak truth-table reducible to "B".
Strong reductions in computational complexity.
The strong reductions listed above restrict the manner in which oracle information can be accessed by a decision procedure but do not otherwise limit the computational resources available. Thus if a set "A" is decidable then "A" is reducible to any set "B" under any of the strong reducibility relations listed above, even if "A" is not polynomial-time or exponential-time decidable. This is acceptable in the study of recursion theory, which is interested in theoretical computability, but it is not reasonable for computational complexity theory, which studies which sets can be decided under certain asymptotical resource bounds. 
The most common reducibility in computational complexity theory is polynomial-time reducibility; a set "A" is polynomial-time reducible to a set "B" if there is a polynomial-time function "f" such that for every "n", "n" is in "A" if and only if "f"("n") is in "B". This reducibility is, essentially, a resource-bounded version of many-one reducibility. Other resource-bounded reducibilities are used in other contexts of computational complexity theory where other resource bounds are of interest.
Reductions weaker than Turing reducibility.
Although Turing reducibility is the most general reducibility that is effective, weaker reducibility relations are commonly studied. These reducibilities are related to relative definability of sets over arithmetic or set theory. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="9719804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719804" title="Clara María Ochoa">
Clara María Ochoa

Clara María Ochoa is a Colombian film producer. She manages CMO Producciones, which promotes important Colombian films like "Rosario Tijeras", Soñar no cuesta nada, "Como el gato y el ratón" ("Like Cat and Mouse"), "Bolívar Soy Yo", and "Del amor y otros demonios" ("Of Love and Other Demons").

</doc>
<doc id="9719806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719806" title="2010 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament">
2010 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 2010 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament started Saturday, March 20, 2010 and was completed on Tuesday, April 6 of the same year with University of Connecticut Huskies defending their title from the previous year by defeating Stanford, 53-47.
Notable events.
The top seeded Tennessee Lady Vols faced the Baylor Lady Bears in the Memphis Regional semifinals. This was a rematch of the season open for the two teams, a game won by Tennessee 74–65. Earlier in March, the freshman center for Baylor, Brittney Griner had broken the nose of Jordan Barncastle in a game against Texas Tech, which resulted in Griner playing more tentative, concerned about drawing attention to the referees. She was not tentative in the game against the Lady Vols, scoring 27 points and recording ten blocks. Despite her performance, Tennessee led by five points with under eight minutes to go in the game. Baylor then went on a 21–1 run to take a 15-point lead, and command of the game. Baylor won 77–62 to advance to the regional finals.
Stanford more than doubled up Georgia, winning 73–36 in the regional semifinal, then faced Xavier. Although Stanford opened up an early five-point lead, Xavier cut the lead to one. The Cardinal extended the lead to five again, and the Musketeers cut the lead to two points at the half. Stanford opened up a six-point lead in the second half, but Xavier responded to take a lead. With just under a minute to go, Xavier took a two-point lead and Kayla Pedersen hit a jumper to tie the game at 53 points apiece. With 18 seconds left, Xavier ran a play that opened up Delaquese Jernigan under the basket. She received the ball, and missed a point-blank uncontested layup. The rebound came out beyond the three-point line to Amber Harris. The Cardinal were trying to cover the Xavier players, but missed Jernigan standing by herself under the basket. Harris passed the ball in to Jernigan who took an uncontested layup and missed it again. With only four seconds left in the game Jeanette Pohlen drove the length of the court, weaving among defenders, and threw up a shot with under a second left. The shot went in and the Cardinal won 55–53 to advance.
In the Kansas City Regional, both top seeds were upset in the semifinal round. Kentucky, led by 21 point from A'dia Mathies, opened up a lead ant he second half, extended it to 19 points, and were victorious, beating Nebraska 76–67 to advance to the regional finals. The regional semifinal game was a second of the season for Oklahoma and Notre Dame, a game the Irish has won in the regular season. In this game the score was tied early, while Oklahoma took a slim lead at the half. They extended the lead to eight points in the second half, but Notre Dame took the lead back at 50–49. With less than a minute to play, Oklahoma took a three-point lead, but Skyler Diggins hit a three-pointer to tie the game at 66 points each. Oklahoma had the ball for the last possession, but never got a shot off, so the game went to overtime. The game was tied with 72 points for each team with seconds to go when Oklahoma had another chance. This time, Nyeshia Stevenson hit a three-pointer, giving the Sooners a three-point lead with just over four seconds to go. Notre Dame tried a long inbounds pass, but were unsuccessful, and Oklahoma won 77–72.
In the Dayton Regional, Connecticut prevailed easily. They held their first three opponents to under 40 points each. While Florida State, in the regional final, managed to 50, the Huskies scored 90. This set up a game against Baylor in a semifinal game. The Baylor Bears would not go so easily. The Huskies seemed to be on the same track as prior games, with a 13-point lead at halftime. Kalana Greene scored the first basket of the second half, extending the lead to 15 points. However, Baylor then scored the next twelve points, cutting the lead to three. Connecticut, which had missed eight consecutive shots, began hitting again, and their defense held Baylor without a field goal for over seven minutes. UConn scored 16 points during the stretch and rebuild the lead. UConn would go on to win the game 70–50, to reach the championship game.
After the close call against Xavier, the Cardinal seemed in control in their game against Oklahoma in the second half when they led by 18 points. However, the Sooners, concentrated on defense, and cut the lead to three points with only 16 seconds left in the game. On the inbounds play, Oklahoma failed to guard Nnemkadi Ogwumike, and Kayla Pedersen made a long pass to an open Ogwumike who made an open layup to extend the lead to five points. Then Stanford stole the ball, was fouled, and hit the final two free throws to complete the victory 73–66. Ogwumike scored 38 points, including the final seven of the game for Stanford.
Stanford entered the National Championship game on a 27-game winning streak. The last game they had lost, occurred in December 2009. It was against Connecticut. The UConn team entered the National Championship game on a 77 winning streak. The last game they had lost, occurred in April 2008. It was against Stanford.
UConn was no stranger to low scoring halves in an NCAA game. There had been, u to this point, eleven halves of basketball in NCAA tournament history with twelve or fewer points. UConn was involved in four of them. On three occasions, involving Southern University in 2010, Long Island University in 2001, and Temple in 2010, the Huskies held their opponents to twelve or fewer points. However, on this day, Connecticut would be on the opposite side of the ledger, scoring only 12 points against Stanford in the first half. The first two minutes gave no indication of this result. UConn held a 5–0 lead just over two minutes into the game, but they would not score again until after the media timeout with under eight minutes to go in the half. Connecticut hit but 5 of their 29 shot attempts in the first half for a shooting percentage of 17% described by the New York Times as "laughable". However, their inability to hit a basket did not prevent them from playing defense, and they held the Cardinal to 8 baskets on 31 shoots, a percentage the Times called "abysmal". Stanford ended the half with an 8-point lead.
The second half proved to be very different. UConn scored 17 of the first 19 points in the half and took a lead. They held Ogwumike, who had scored 38 points in the semifinal, to eleven points. They held Jayne Appel one of the nation's leading center to zero points on 0–12 shooting. Appel was playing on a sore ankle that required pain killers during the game. Maya Moore scored 23 points for UConn and Tina Charles contributed eleven rebounds. In the end, Connecticut won 53–46 to win their seventh national championship and complete the first back-to-back undefeated seasons in NCAA history.
Subregionals.
The format is the same as the Men's Tournament, except that there are 64 teams and no play-in game. There are 31 automatic bids for conference champions and 33 at-large bids available.
The subregionals, based on the "pod system" keeping teams at or close to home, will be at these locations from March 21 through 24. Prior to the committee's decision to expand the number of subregional sites to sixteen, eight sites were chosen. This list included the Sun National Bank Center in Trenton, New Jersey. When the decision was made to increase the number of sites to sixteen, Trenton declined to participate.
The remaining seven sites continue to be part of the final list of sixteen:
As per the expansion of the subregional sites, these nine sites were added in 2008:
That list included Albuquerque, but Albuquerque had to withdraw, due to construction issues. The NCAA added Stanford, as a replacement:
"Note: Unless otherwise indicated, all locations are on-campus sites."
Regionals.
The Regionals, named for the city rather than the region of geographic importance since 2005, which will be held from March 28 to 31, will be at these sites:
The Final Four, which will be on April 4 and 6, will be at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas, and will be hosted by the University of Texas at San Antonio.
Qualifying teams - automatic.
Sixty-four teams were selected to participate in the 2010 NCAA Tournament. Thirty-one conferences were eligible for an automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA tournament.
Qualifying teams - at-large.
Thirty-three additional teams were selected to complete the sixty-four invitations.
Bids by conference.
Thirty-one conferences earned an automatic bid. In nineteen cases, the automatic bid was the only representative from the conference. Thirty-three additional at-large teams were selected from twelve of the conferences.
Bids by state.
The sixty-four teams came from twenty-eight states, plus Washington, D.C. Tennessee had the most teams with six bids. Twenty-two states did not have any teams receiving bids.
Game summaries.
Dayton region.
First round.
Sixth seeded St. John's took on the eleventh seeded Ivy League champion Princeton. The Tigers had won their last 21 games, the nation's third longest win streak. While Princeton stayed close early, only down 15–12 at one time, they missed 15 of their next sixteen shots while St. John's pulled out to a sixteen point halftime lead. The two teams played roughly evenly the second half, but the halftime lead was more than enough and the Red Storm prevailed 65–47.
Fourteenth seeded Louisiana Tech (La Tech) was returning to the NCAA Tournament after a three-year absence. Under Maggie Dixon award winning new coach Teresa Weatherspoon, the Lady Techsters took on third seeded Florida State. La tech started out strong, pulling out to a nine-point lead late in the first half, but the Seminoles fought back to a 40–40 tie at halftime. The score was close well into the second half, with Florida State holding onto a one-point lead with just under nine minutes to go, but the Seminoles gradually increased the lead to ten. Although the Lady Techsters cut the lead in half to 65–61 with just under two minutes left, they would not score again and La Tech would hit ten straight free throws in the closing minutes to win 75–61.
Kansas City region.
First round.
Michigan State's fifth year senior Aisha Jefferson had stomach problems from a pre-game meal severe enough to keep her hunched over the front of a trash can in the first half, but it wasn't enough to keep her out of the game. She scored 17 points along with nine rebounds to help lead the fifth seeded Spartans over 12 seed Bowling Green 72–62.
Thirteenth seeded Liberty tried to challenge fourth seeded Kentucky, scoring the first six points, and leading by as much as nine early, but Kentucky's freshman A'dia Mathies, scored 32 points to set a personal career high and an NCAA tournament record for Kentucky to help the Wildcats retake the lead. The Liberty Flames fought back, and had a slim two-point lead at halftime, but the Kentucky team, behind 26 of 36 free-throws, pulled ahead to win 83–77.
Memphis region.
First round.
Seventh seeded LSU easily beat tenth seeded Hartford 60–39. This was Hartford's first at-large invitation to the NCAA Tournament, but without leading scorer Erica Beverly, lost to a season-ending injury, the Hawks were unable to stay with the Tigers. LSU held Hartford scoreless for nearly eight minutes, scoring 17 consecutive points to take an early lead they would never give up.
Top seeded Tennessee defeated 16 seed Austin Peay 75–42. Playing at their home court "The Summitt", the Lady Vols scored 15 points before allowing a score by the Lady Govs.
Second-seeded Duke took on 15 seed Hampton in Cameron Indoor Stadium, the Blue Devils home court, where Duke had won twelve consecutive NCAA Tournament games. The Pirates managed to hold a slim lead in the early minutes of the game, but Duke quickly took over, moving out to a 40–14 halftime lead and winning easily 72–37.
Eighth seeded Dayton took on ninth seeded TCU in their first ever NCAA appearance. Early in the second half, it appeared that Dayton would only be playing one game, as they were behind by 18 points, 50–32. However, the Flyers did not fold, and hit a basket with one second left in the game to win by a single point 67–66.
Twelve seed Marist scored the first seven points in their game against five seed Georgetown, which may have reminded fans of the way Marist played in 2007, coming to the tournament as a 13 seed, and knocking off Ohio State and Middle Tennessee to make it to the round of sixteen. Georgetown, which hasn't been to the tournament in 17 years, started slowly, but managed to hold a two-point lead at halftime. Georgetown's Monica McNutt hit back-to-back three-pointers to start a 13–0 run at the beginning of the second half. The Red Foxes would never close the gap, and Georgetown went on to win 62–42.
Fourth seed Baylor took on 13th seed Fresno State. Baylor's Brittney Griner returned to the floor, after sitting out a two-game suspension for hitting an opponent in a game. This was freshman Griner's first tournament, and she confessed to having jitters, but she controlled the lane, and help keep Fresno State from winning their first ever NCAA game. Baylor held a six-point lead at halftime, which they stretched out to a 69–55 final score.
Sacramento region.
First round.
A fifteen seed has never beaten a two seed in the NCAA Women's Tournament, but with under five minutes left in the first half, 15th seeded Portland State was ahead of the second seed Texas A&M. The lead didn't last long, as the Aggies pulled to an eight-point lead at halftime, and extended the lead through the second half. Texas A&M's Tanisha Smith just missed a triple double, with nine assist to go along with 17 points and 10 rebounds. The final score favored the Aggies 84–53.
Normally, a four seed would be a large favorite against a 13 seed, but normally, the four seed isn't required to bench one of their players, and not just any player, but Andrea Riley, the third leading scorer in Division 1. Two years earlier, Riley had thrown punch in an NCAA game, which earned her a one-game suspension. NCAA rules required that it be an NCAA game. Oklahoma State lost the game in which the punch was thrown, and did not make it to the Tournament in 2009, so the suspension was served two years later. The 13th seeded Chattanooga tried to take advantage of the situation, and led by as much as 18 in the first half. Riley could only cheer on the team from the bench. Freshman Toni Young responded by scoring 22 points, and senior Tegan Cunningham, after struggling in the first half, began hitting in the second half and ended up with 25 points, enough to help Oklahoma State win 70–63.
The 8/9 match-up between Iowa and Rutgers pitted current Rutgers coach C. Vivian Stringer against the program she helped bring to national prominence two decades earlier. Iowa had lost a game in the Big Ten tournament, after a big lead, and they didn't want to experience that again. Rutgers played even with the Hawkeyes, in the second half, but the seven point halftime lead stood up and Iowa won 70–63.
Seventh seed Gonzaga took on tenth seeded North Carolina. Gonzaga's Tiffanie Shives was scoreless for 31 minutes, but then scored 14 in the next five minutes. Her first basket cut the Tarheels lead to two, and her next basket gave Gonzaga a lead they would not relinquish, although North Carolina cut the lead to one with under four minutes to go, only to fall short 82–76.
Twelfth seed Tulane stayed with fifth seed Georgia for 32 minutes, in a game with five lead changes and four ties, but then the Bulldogs went on an 18–2 run to take the lead for good. Georgia's Ashley Houts would score 22 points for the winning team, and teammate Angel Robinson had a double-double (18 points, 13 rebounds) to help lead the Bulldogs over the Green Wave 64–59.
The last time Stanford was a number 1 seed, they became to only top seed in the men's or women's tournament to lose to a sixteen seed. Earlier in the day, the top seeded men's team, Kansas, lost to Northern Iowa, so no one felt safe in the opening match against UC Riverside. Stanford jumped out to an 8–0 lead, and behind Ogwumike's double-double (19 points, 11 rebounds) won easily over the Big West champion 79–47.
Brackets.
Results to date "(* indicates game went to overtime)":
Record by conference.
Eighteen conferences went 0–1: the Atlantic Sun, Big Sky, Big South, Big West, Colonial, Conference USA, Ivy League, MAAC, MEAC, MAC, Missouri Valley, Northeast, Ohio Valley, Patriot, Southern, Southland, SWAC and Summit.
Media coverage.
Television.
ESPN has US television rights to all games during the tournament. For the first and second round, ESPN airs select games nationally on ESPN or ESPNU. All other games are aired regionally on ESPN2 and streamed online via ESPN3. Most of the nation gets whip-a-round coverage during this time, which allows ESPN to rotate between the games and focus on the nation on the one that is the closest. The regional semifinals are split between ESPN and ESPN2, and ESPN airs the regional finals, national semifinals, and championship match.
Commentary teams.
"First & Second Rounds Saturday/Monday"
"Sweet Sixteen & Elite Eight Saturday/Monday"
"Final Four"
"First & Second Rounds Sunday/Tuesday"
"Sweet Sixteen & Elite Eight Sunday/Tuesday"
"Championship"

</doc>
<doc id="9719814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719814" title="From the Hills to the Valley">
From the Hills to the Valley

From the Hills to the Valley () is a Argentine drama film directed by Antonio Ber Ciani. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719819" title="Winterplace Ski Resort">
Winterplace Ski Resort

Winterplace Ski Resort is a ski resort located in Ghent, West Virginia on Raleigh County's Flat Top Mountain. The southernmost ski resort in West Virginia, Winterplace is a popular attraction due to its proximity to Interstate 77. It operates in conjunction with "The Resort at Glade Springs", a four season golf resort and spa.
History.
The first ski resort on Flat Top Mountain was established on the north slope of Bald Knob in 1958. Named Bald Knob Ski Slopes, the resort was the second commercial ski location in West Virginia, following the predecessors of Canaan Valley Ski Resort. It was founded by future West Virginia governor Hulett C. Smith and businessman John McKay, and designed by former Army officer Robert K. Potter. Operating with four tow ropes and a double chair, the resort's longest trail extended 2,800 feet. It was marketed as the southernmost ski resort in the Eastern United States. The resort closed in 1961; the site is now known as Old Winterplace. The current ski resort, sometimes known as New Winterplace, was established fifteen years later on Huff Knob, southeast of the former resort site; the two resort sites are separated by I-77.
The mountain.
Winterplace is nearly equidistant between Beckley, West Virginia to the north on Interstate 77 and Princeton, West Virginia to the south. The resort's southern location and proximity to the north-south I-77 corridor draws visitors from North and South Carolina as well as local skiers from Virginia and West Virginia. The Southern West Virginia visitor's bureau promotes the resort as "the most accessible, affordable ski resort in the Southeast". 
The resort's top elevation is with a vertical descent of . It has of skiable area, 28 trails, a terrain park, and nine lifts. The average snowfall for the resort is . A fifty million gallon reservoir lake enables supplementary snowmaking at a rate of 7,000 gallons of water per minute. The resort's 16-lane snow tubing facility is cited as the largest in West Virginia.
The resort's ski trails extend up the northern slope of Huff Knob, in the curve of I-77. The terrain in front of the resort complex is devoted to beginner skiing; three chair lifts climb midway up the ridge, providing access to mixed easier and intermediate trails, plus the resort's terrain park and snow tubing facility. Another set of two parallel chairs extends from the resort's mid-mountain lodge to the summit, accessing expert and intermediate terrain. A run of 1.25 miles is available by skiing from the mountain summit to the main base, but multiple chairlift rides are required for return; other trails are a fraction of that length.
The Resort at Glade Springs.
The Resort at Glade Springs is located eight miles north of Winterplace in Daniels, West Virginia, near the intersection of I-77 and Interstate 64. It operates a spa and three golf courses The Cobb Course and the Stonehaven Course have been rated among the top five courses in West Virginia by "Golfweek Magazine"; the Cobb Course, designed by George Cobb, was rated West Virginia's best golf course in 1995. Glade Springs also offers horseback riding and whitewater rafting on the New River.

</doc>
<doc id="9719828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719828" title="John Frederick II, Duke of Saxony">
John Frederick II, Duke of Saxony

John Frederick II of Saxony (8 January 1529 – 19 May 1595), was duke of Saxony, and briefly, Elector of Saxony (1554–1556).
He was the eldest son of John Frederick I, Elector of Saxony, and Sybille of Cleves.
Reign and military ambitions.
After the Battle of Mühlberg (24 April 1547) and the capture of his father, John Frederick II, along with his brother John William, succeeded their father as the regents of the lands still retained by their family. After the death of their father (1554), the brothers amicably divided the lands that were inherited from their father; even so, John Frederick II, remained as the exclusive regent for the family possessions. And even though he received Eisenach and Coburg in the divisionary treaty, John Frederick II chose Gotha as his place of residence while serving as head of the family.
John Frederick's political aspirations were still directed towards the reinstatement of his family's right to the title of "Elector of Saxony," as well as the re-establishment of the lands that were lost due to his father's imprisonment. He briefly recovered the title of Elector of Saxony during 1554-1556, likewise he also reacquired the anger of the Emperor, Maximilian II, due to his involvement in several intrigues. In 1563 his prized general, Wilhelm von Grumbach attacked Würzburg, seized and plundered the city and compelled the chapter and the bishop to restore his lands. He was consequently placed under the imperial ban, but John Frederick II refused to obey the order of the Emperor Maximilian II to withdraw his forces. Meanwhile, Grumbach plotted the assassination of Saxon elector, Augustus; and proclamations were issued asking for assistance. Because of this, an end to alliances both inside and outside of Germany came about.
In November 1566 John Frederick was placed under the imperial ban, which had been placed against Grumbach earlier in the year, and Augustus marched against Gotha. Resistance from the people of Gotha was not forthcoming, and a mutiny led to the defeat of the town. Grumbach was delivered to his foes, and after being tortured, was executed at Gotha on 18 April 1567.
The Emperor imposed the Reichsacht (Imperial Ban) over John Frederick II, the current Elector of Saxony. The "Reichsexekution", or less an intervention against a single ruler of a city state by an amalgamation of other city states in order to maintain the good of the entire empire was also put into effect, in which John William, John Frederick's own brother, took part. After a siege of his castle in Gotha in 1566, John Frederick was eventually defeated and spent the rest of his life as an imperial prisoner. His possessions were confiscated by the emperor and handed over to John William, who became the sole ruler of the whole duchy of Saxony.
Marriage and children.
In Weimar on 26 May 1555 John Frederick II married his first wife Agnes of Hesse, Dowager Electress of Saxony. Six months later she suffered a miscarriage and died, on 4 November 1555.
In Weimar on 12 June 1558 John Frederick II married his second wife Countess Palatine Elisabeth of Simmern-Sponheim, daughter of the later (1559) Frederick III, Elector Palatine. They had four sons:
Succession.
Later, the Emperor used the two surviving sons of John Frederick II against their uncle, John William; in 1572 the Division of Erfurt was made. The duchy of Saxony was divided into three parts. The older son, John Casimir, received Coburg, and the younger, John Ernest, received Eisenach. John William retained only the smaller part, the limited region of Weimar, but he added to his duchy the districts of Altenburg, Gotha and Meiningen. Since it has several Ernestine dynasties, Thuringia was also given in this division, the total possession of the Wettins (the duchy of Saxony) that had always bordered each other were no longer combined. From John William descends the house of Saxe-Weimar and the first house of Saxe-Altenburg, which separated later from Saxe-Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="9719835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719835" title="History of cycling">
History of cycling

History of cycling
Commuting.
People have been riding bicycles to work since the initial bicycle heyday of the 1890s. According to the website Bike to Work, this practice continued in the United States until the 1920s, when biking experienced sharp drop in part due to the growth of suburbs and the popularity of the car. In Europe, cycling to work continued to be common until the end of the 1950s.
Today many people ride bikes to work for a variety of reasons, including fitness, environmental concerns, convenience, frugality, and enjoyment. According to the US Census Bureau’s 2008 American Community Survey (ACS), on September 22, 2009, 0.55 percent of Americans use a bicycle as the primary means of getting to work. Some places of employment offer amenities to bike commuters, such as showers, changing rooms, indoor bike racks and other secure bike parking for employees.
Racing.
The first documented cycling race was a 1,200 metre race held on May 31, 1868 at the Park of Saint-Cloud, Paris. It was won by expatriate Englishman James Moore who rode a bicycle with solid rubber tires. The first cycle race covering a distance between two cities was Paris–Rouen, also won by James Moore, who rode the 123 kilometres dividing both cities in 10 hours and 40 minutes.
The oldest established bicycle racing club in the United States is the St. Louis Cycling Club. Operating continuously since 1887 the club has sponsored races and timed distance events since its inception. Its members have included numerous national champions and Olympic team members.

</doc>
<doc id="9719852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719852" title="Itacurubi">
Itacurubi

Itacurubi is a municipality of the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Its area is 1,120.8 km² and its population was 3,571 in 2003. Its elevation is at 169 m. The origin of the name comes from the Tupi language. It is located 627 km west of the state capital of Porto Alegre, northeast of Alegrete.
Other.
Itacurubi has a school or a collegiate, churches and a few squares and parks.

</doc>
<doc id="9719856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719856" title="CcMixter">
CcMixter

ccMixter is a produsage community music site that promotes remix culture and makes samples, remixes, and a cappella tracks licensed under Creative Commons available for download and re-use in creative works. Visitors are able to listen to, sample, mash-up, or interact with music in a variety of ways including the download and use of tracks and samples in their own remixes. Most sampling or mash-up web sites on the Internet stipulate that users forgo their rights to the new song once it is created. By contrast, the material on ccMixter.org is generally licensed to be used in any arena, not just the ccMixter site or a specific contest. The ccMixter site contains over 10,000 samples from a wide range of recording artists, including high profile artists such as Beastie Boys and David Byrne.
As a cultural phenomenon, ccMixter represents a direct response to what some say is the increasingly litigious attitude of organizations like the RIAA—one which prevents artists from appropriating elements of others' work for creative reuse in their own.
The site originated as a project of Creative Commons but in October 2009, Creative Commons licensed the name 'ccMixter' and transferred operations to ArtisTech Media, a company run by members of the ccMixter community. The project maintains close organizational ties to independent minded, open music labels such as Magnatune and BBE. The site runs on ccHost, an award winning open source multimedia content management system that is able to keep track of how content is being remixed.
In February 2009, Victor Stone, project lead of ccMixter, posted a "memoir" detailing the history and philosophy of the first four years of operations at the site.
Calls for remixes.
ccMixter began in 2004 as the host of the . That was followed by several other remix contests where prizes included recording contracts.
In 2007 ccMixter eschewed remix contests, in part, due to concerns in the member community that the site was losing its focus on open music. Instead major artists such as DJ Vadim, Bucky Jonson (The Black Eyed Peas' live backing band) and Trifonic have contributed the solo studio tracks (stems) to entire albums making them available under Creative Commons licenses that allowed remixes. In addition there have been "calls for remixes" by members that post a cappellas, looking to create albums from remixes such Colin Mutchler, Brad Sucks, Tamara Barnett-Herrin (aka Calendar Girl) and Shannon Hurley.
Transfer of operations.
In May 2008, Creative Commons posted a Request for Proposals to take over the stewardship and operations of ccMixter. The RFP received broad coverage including Boing Boing, "AdAge", and "Wired".
On October 28, 2009, the fifth anniversary of the first upload to ccMixter, Creative Commons announced a transfer of operations to ArtisTech Media, a net label owned and operated by members of the ccMixter community.
iPhone & iPad app.
A free iPhone and iPad app is available for ccMixter which allows browsing, streaming and downloading songs. The app allows transferring songs to your Dropbox account.

</doc>
<doc id="9719861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719861" title="Those Websters">
Those Websters

Those Websters was a radio situation comedy series starring Willard Waterman and Constance Crowder as George and Jane Webster. The program was launched in New York and then moved to Chicago for a short spell before finishing its run from Hollywood.
The series replaced "That Brewster Boy" (1941-45), which starred a teenaged Dick York. Several "Brewster" cast members continued on with "Those Websters", and the two situation comedies were quite similar. The transition is evident in the near-anagram: Brewster=Webster. In a 1991 interview with John Douglas, Dick York explained how "That Brewster Boy" morphed into "Those Websters":
Those riotous Websters were heard Friday evenings at 9:30pm on CBS from March 9, 1945 to February 22, 1946 with Quaker Oats as the sponsor. On March 3, 1946, the series moved to Mutual where it aired Sundays at 6pm until August 22, 1948.
Cast and characters.
The Webster family lived at 46 River Road in the Chicago suburb of Spring City where George Webster often attended the lodgehall meetings of the Sons of the Mustangs of the Moonlight Mesas. Attempting to prove that "families are fun," those hapless Websters continually encountered confusion, and plans usually went astray during their chaotic misadventures.
The children were Liz Webster (Joan Alt) and Billy Webster (Arthur Young, Gil Stratton Jr.), with Bill Idelson as Billy's friend Emil, Jerry Spellman (as Jeep) and Jane Webb (as Belinda Boyd). Fran Allison was heard as a family cousin, and the cast also included Clarence Hartzell, Parley Baer and Eddie Firestone Jr. (1921-2007). Charles Irving announced the program, scripted by Priscilla Kent, Albert G. Miller and Frank and Doris Hursley. Frank Worth led the orchestra.
Two years after this series came to an end, Waterman replaced Harold Peary as the title character in "The Great Gildersleeve" in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="9719874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719874" title="El diablo con faldas">
El diablo con faldas

El diablo con faldas is a Argentine drama film directed by Ivo Pelay. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719883" title="Azercell">
Azercell

Azercell is a mobile telecommunications company, located in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Company background.
“Azercell Telecom” LLC was established on January 19, 1996. Founders were Turkcell and Ministry of Communications of Azerbaijan Republic.
“Azercell Telecom” started its activities on December 15, 1996 offering subscribers mobile telecommunications services based on postpaid system. In 1998 prepaid system was launched with tariff package — SimSim.
CEO (Chief executive officer)of Azercell Telecom LLC — Chirill Qaburich.(Kiril Qaburich)
LTE service.
Azercell announced on May 24, 2012, the launch of services based on the 4G platform. At the initial stage Azercell’s 4G network will cover the downtown area and the Seaside National Park in Baku. The network will operate on 1800 MHz frequency. Azercell intends to fully cover the 4G services in Baku until May 2013. The second region where the 4G network will be deployed, will be the Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic.
Market Share & Coverage.
Azercell Telecom LLC currently holds more than 57.6% of the market share in mobile telecommunications with a network covering 80 percent of Azerbaijan's territory and 99.7 percent of the populated area.
Investments.
Since Azercell began operations in December 1996, the company has invested more than USD 1 billion in Azerbaijan.
Taxes.
According to Azerbaijan’s Ministry of Taxes, Azercell Telecom LLC is the second largest taxpayer operating outside of the country’s oil sector. During its first five years of activity, the company contributed a total of 780 mln. USD into the state budget and other state funds.

</doc>
<doc id="9719895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719895" title="Alexander Tetelbaum">
Alexander Tetelbaum

Alexander Tetelbaum (born 1948 in Kiev, Ukraine) is an educator, inventor, scientist, academician, and entrepreneur. He has been a pioneer in the Electronic Design Automation (EDA) industry since the 1960s. He has been selected and has held high level positions in academia and industry. He is a Fellow and Honorary Doctor of several universities, academies, and societies. He holds more than 40 US patents and is the author and co-author of 250 publications, including 8 books. He holds Doctor of Engineering Science (PhD+) degree in Computer Science and Engineering as well as PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering. Tetelbaum was Professor of Design Automation and a Distinguished Scientist at the National Technical University of Ukraine. In 1991, he founded and presided over the International Solomon University. He has served as a reviewer for the American Mathematical Society since 1994. Dr. Tetelbaum led design methodology and automation teams in LSI Corporation, Silicon Graphics (SGI), and Zycad Corporations. Currently, he is President and CEO of Abelite Design Automation, Inc.
Alexander Tetelbaum was selected for inclusion in Who's Who in the World, Men of Achievement, Who's Who in Technology, Who's Who in American Education, 5000 Personalities of the World, Who's Who in Science and Engineering, The International Directory of Distinguished Leadership, Longman Reference on Research Directories. WorldAtlas.com has included Dr. Tetelbaum as a Ukrainian famous native as an inventor and scientist who “has made a significant contribution to the country in his personal endeavors”. His hobbies include oil painting, beach volleyball, chess, solving and developing puzzles in non-standard thinking and critical problem solving.
Aliases: Alexander Y. Tetelbaum, Aleksander Tetelbaum, , .

</doc>
<doc id="9719897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719897" title="August François von Finck">
August François von Finck

August François von Finck (born 2 May 1968) is a German businessman and the son of August von Finck, Jr., thus grandson of August von Finck, Sr.. August Francois von Finck's great-grandfather Wilhelm von Finck was the co-founder of the private bank Merck Finck & Co., the insurance companies Munich Re and Allianz - the second largest international insurance and financial services organization in the world. He is a German citizen but has his official residence in Switzerland.
As a member of the board of advisors of the Georgetown University, where he obtained his MBA in 1999, he holds the majority of important companies such as SGS and Von Roll Holding AG in tandem with his family. As well the upscale international Swiss hotel chain Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts belongs to the family von Finck. August François von Finck has two brothers, Maximilian Rudolph von Finck (b. 1969) and Luitpold Ferdinand von Finck (b. 1972) and one sister, Maria Theresia von Finck. 
Known as simply "Francois von Finck" during his high school days, Francois attended the Darrow School in New Lebanon, New York. 

</doc>
<doc id="9719915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719915" title="Dos amigos y un amor">
Dos amigos y un amor

Dos amigos y un amor is a Argentine musical film comedy directed by Lucas Demare. The film was premièred in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719921" title="Don Pedro Colley">
Don Pedro Colley

Don Pedro Colley (born 30 August 1938) is an African American actor.
Colley was born in Klamath Falls, Oregon to Muriel and Pete Colley. He attended Klamath Union High School and actively played American football and athletics, which led to an unsuccessful try-out for the 1960 Summer Olympics. He later attended the University of Oregon and studied architecture.
Later, he became a theatre member and spent five years learning his craft in various productions in San Francisco.
Some of his better known roles include Gideon on "Daniel Boone", Ongaro in "Beneath the Planet of the Apes", SRT in George Lucas' "THX 1138", and Sheriff Little in the 1980s TV series "The Dukes of Hazzard".
Don Pedro has a daughter Kira Zuleka Zadow-Colley. He is now semi-retired and still makes guest appearances at various conventions across the world.
Further reading.
"Names You Never Remember, With Faces You Never Forget", by Justin Humphreys. BearManor Media, Albany, 2006. ISBN # 1-59393-041-0.

</doc>
<doc id="9719969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719969" title="La Estancia de gaucho Cruz">
La Estancia de gaucho Cruz

La Estancia de gaucho Cruz is a Argentine comedy film directed by Leopoldo Torres Rios. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9719988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719988" title="Alan Thompson (broadcaster)">
Alan Thompson (broadcaster)

Alan Thompson (born 1963) is UK radio broadcaster, presenting on BBC Radio Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9719989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719989" title="Tino Edelmann">
Tino Edelmann

Tino Edelmann (born April 13, 1985 in Annaberg-Buchholz, Saxony) is a German Nordic combined skier who has competed since 2001. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and six silver medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
He has five World Cup victories, three individually and two in team.

</doc>
<doc id="9719990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719990" title="Howard Fredeen">
Howard Fredeen

Howard Fredeen (born December 10, 1921, Macrorie, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian animal breeding researcher. He received an MSc from the University of Saskatchewan in 1947 and joined the staff of the Lacombe Research Station in Alberta, subsequently obtaining a PhD in Animal Breeding and Genetics from Iowa State University in 1952. Fredeen spent his entire career with Agriculture Canada's Research Branch, retiring on July 6, 1984. With the late J.G. Stothart he was the codeveloper of the Lacombe breed of pigs, still renowned for its excellence.
Fredeen played a major role in developing Canadian livestock breeding policies and in introducing innovative breeding practices and new techniques for carcass evaluation. As well as writing more than 300 scientific and technical papers, he has established an international reputation by frequently representing Agriculture Canada abroad. Fredeen is also the author of several renowned books and guides. He has received numerous honours, including a fellowship in the Agricultural Institute of Canada, the Public Service of Canada Merit Award and the Lacombe Citizen of the Year Award.
Fredeen was also awarded the Genetics Society of Canada Award for Excellence as well as the American Board of Human Development's National Health Development Award for his work in the human genetic fields. His discovery of the functioning of specific gene functions in cattle and swine, as well as his work on the Human Genome Project are still implemented today.

</doc>
<doc id="9720026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720026" title="Maestro Levita">
Maestro Levita

Maestro Levita is a Argentine film directed by Luis César Amadori. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720039" title="Iliria Post">
Iliria Post

Iliria Post was a daily newspaper published in Pristina, the capital of Kosovo. It was owned by Ramë Maraj – known as the head of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) Secret Agency. The newspaper was mostly known for its foreign-looking Berliner-format layout. Its first edition was published in February 2005.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="9720050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720050" title="D. Page Elmore">
D. Page Elmore

D. Page Elmore (May 31, 1939 – June 26, 2010) was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates. He had served from January 2003 until his death, representing district 38A which encompasses Somerset and Wicomico Counties. Elmore was also the chairman of the Eastern Shore Delegation.
Background.
Born in 1939 in Nassawadox, Virginia, Elmore attended the University of Richmond. He was a retired businessman who was the owner and chief executive officer of Shore Disposal, Inc., of Maryland's Eastern Shore, from 1965 to 1998.
While living in Virginia, Elmore served as the Accomack County Treasurer from 1968 until 1976.
In the Legislature.
Delegate Elmore had been a member of House of Delegates since January 8, 2003. He served on the House Ways and Means Committee and its revenue subcommittee. He was also the 2005 chair of the Maryland Rural Caucus.
Retirement and death.
After initially filing to run for reelection, Elmore withdrew from the race in late June 2010 while spending several days in the hospital receiving treatment for a cracked vertebra he suffered the previous winter.
Elmore died on June 26, 2010 following a brief bout of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9720085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720085" title="Jayne Irving">
Jayne Irving

Jayne Irving (born 30 August 1956, Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire) is a British TV presenter best known for appearing on the Breakfast Television show "Good Morning Britain".
Career.
Jayne Irving began her broadcasting career reading the news bulletins on the Sheffield based independent radio station Radio Hallam in the late 1970s.
Irving worked as a reporter in Bristol before joining TV-am. Initially, she presented the news bulletins on "Good Morning Britain". 
Early in 1984, she got the chance to cover for Anne Diamond and then established herself as a regular on TV-am, alongside either Nick Owen or John Stapleton. 
In 1986, Irving became the regular host of the new "After Nine" slot and appeared every weekday. She was a driving force behind the station's successful life-saving Cervical Cancer Campaign.
Between 1986 and 1990, Jayne Irving was a regular co-presenter of the BBC morning phone-in programme Open Air with Eamonn Holmes. The show was essentially Points of View stretched out to one hour each weekday morning. It consisted of angry phone comments about the previous night's television in the United Kingdom.
Irving went on to present for various regional TV companies, including "Westcountry Focus" for Westcountry Television, and also the Living satellite channel. In 1999, she presented the "Cheating Hearts" strand on Talk Radio (now called talkSPORT).
More recently, she has presented programmes on satellite channels, including the Travel Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="9720088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720088" title="SCFC">
SCFC

SCFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9720089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720089" title="Cascavel Clube Recreativo">
Cascavel Clube Recreativo

Cascavel Clube Recreativo, commonly known as Cascavel, is a Brazilian football club based in Cascavel, Paraná state.
History.
The club was founded on December 17, 2001, after Cascavel Esporte Clube, SOREC and Cascavel S/A merged.
Stadium.
Cascavel Clube Recreativo play their home games at Estádio Olímpico Regional Arnaldo Busatto. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 45,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9720092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720092" title="Honeysuckle (film)">
Honeysuckle (film)

Honeysuckle (Spanish:Madreselva) is a 1938 Argentine musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Hugo del Carril, Libertad Lamarque and Malisa Zini. The film premièred in Buenos Aires on 5 November 1938. The film was a popular success. Its plot is loosely based on the lyrics of a tango song of the same name. It is a tango film, an extremely popular genre during the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema. It was screened at the Venice Film Festival.
During the production Del Caril met Ana María Lynch who was working on the film as an extra. They began a decade-long relationship during which time the couple appeared together in several films.
Synopsis.
A film star enjoys a romance with the daughter of a puppeteer, but his criminal past threatens to ruin it.

</doc>
<doc id="9720139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720139" title="La Vuelta al nido">
La Vuelta al nido

La Vuelta al nido is a Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torres Rios. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Amelia Bence.

</doc>
<doc id="9720148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720148" title="The Paper Chase (film)">
The Paper Chase (film)

The Paper Chase is a 1973 film starring Timothy Bottoms, Lindsay Wagner, and John Houseman, directed by James Bridges.
Based on John Jay Osborn, Jr.'s 1970 novel, "The Paper Chase", it tells the story of James Hart, a first-year law student at Harvard Law School, his experiences with Professor Charles Kingsfield (played by Houseman in an Academy Award-winning performance), a brilliant, demanding contract law instructor, and his relationship with Kingsfield's daughter. Houseman later reprised his role in a TV series of the same name that lasted four seasons.
Plot.
James Hart (Timothy Bottoms) starts his first year at Harvard Law School in a very bad way. In his contract law course with his idol, Professor Charles W. Kingsfield Jr. (John Houseman), he assumes the first class will be an outline of the course. When Kingsfield immediately delves into the material using the Socratic method and asks him the first question, he is totally unprepared and feels so utterly humiliated that, after class, he throws up in the washroom.
Hart is invited to join a study group with five others:
While out getting pizza, he is picked up by an attractive blonde, Susan Fields (Lindsay Wagner). On their second date, they end up in bed. Their relationship is complex; she resents the time he devotes to his studies, while he is unable to get her to make a firm commitment. When Hart and his classmates are invited to a cocktail party hosted by Kingfield, he is stunned to discover that Susan is Kingsfield's married daughter. (She is, however, separated from her husband and eventually gets a divorce.) She and Hart break up and get back together several times.
Hart divides the class into three groups: those who have given up; those who are trying, but fear being called upon in class to respond to Kingsfield's questions; and the "upper echelon". As time goes on, he moves from the second classification to the third. 
The mounting pressure, as the course nears its end, gets to everyone. When Hart gives Kingsfield a flippant answer, the professor gives him a dime and tells him to telephone his mother with the news that he is not likely to become a lawyer. Hart calls Kingsfield a "son of a bitch" and starts to walk out; surprisingly, Kingsfield agrees with his assessment and invites him to sit back down, which he does. Brooks makes an unsuccessful suicide attempt, then drops out. The study group is torn apart by personal bickering. With final exams looming, Hart and Ford take a hotel room and prepare feverishly for three days.
The film is an extremely faithful adaptation of the novel, but it adds two revelations not in the book: Hart's first name and middle initial, and the final grade that Hart gets in contract law (James T.; and 93, an A). In both the novel and the film, Hart makes a paper airplane out of the unopened letter containing his grades and sends it sailing into the Atlantic Ocean.
Professor Charles W. Kingsfield Jr..
There are several possible inspirations for the character. Retired Harvard Law professor Clark Byse is said to have been the inspiration for the character's position at Harvard Law School, though not the character's personality. According to John Houseman, the inspiration for Kingsfield was crusty professor Edward "Bull" Warren, also reflected in the Boston Globe in 2004. Houseman noted that Kingsfield's behavior is actually a toned-down version of Warren's famous classroom rudeness, as enshrined in classroom lore, and recounted several examples of the professor's putdowns.
James Bridges had originally earmarked James Mason for the Kingsfield role, but Mason was unavailable. After failed attempts to cast Melvyn Douglas, Edward G. Robinson, John Gielgud, Paul Scofield and other famous actors in the role, Bridges offered it to Houseman, who agreed to fly to Toronto — where the film's interior sequences were to be shot — for a screen test. Bridges called it "fabulous," and Houseman accepted the part, thus launching his acting career. He had seldom acted before but had known Bridges from the time he had been a stage manager in Houseman's UCLA Professional Theater Group. Houseman had then recommended Bridges as a writer for the TV series "Alfred Hitchcock Presents," for which Bridges wrote eighteen teleplays before establishing himself as a motion picture writer-director.
In modern parlance, law students are quick to compare their most challenging professors to Kingsfield.
Production.
The exterior shots of Harvard Yard were filmed on the Harvard campus, and the library shots were filmed in the Harvard Andover library at the Harvard Divinity School; all interiors were shot on stages in Toronto; in a 1999 interview, Gordon Willis said production designer George Jenkins
"reproduced the Harvard Law School in "The Paper Chase" beautifully." The hotel scene was filmed at the Windsor Arms Hotel.
Willis shot "The Paper Chase" in anamorphic format due to the "schoolroom and the graphics in the film"; he also commented on the cinematography, noting that the composition of the scenes with Houseman and Bottoms "related to who had command of the situation. We used huge close-ups of John, and demeaning shots of Timothy. Then as the movie goes along and Timothy begins to get on top of it, you'll notice the shot sizes begin to diminish on John and begin to get a little bit bigger on Timothy—until finally they are equal partners shooting back and forth.
Reception.
Vincent Canby wrote the film "goes slowly soft like a waxwork on a hot day, losing the shape and substance that at the beginning have rightfully engaged our attention"; he concludes "it takes a long while for "The Paper Chase" to disintegrate, and there are some funny, intelligent sequences along the way, but by the end it has melted into a blob of clichés." Jay Cocks called it a movie of "some incidental pleasures and insights and a great deal of silliness":
Houseman was awarded Best Supporting Actor at the 46th Academy Awards and the same award from the National Board of Review. Bridges was nominated for a Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar, losing to William Peter Blatty, who won for adapting his novel into the screenplay for "The Exorcist". Donald O. Mitchell and Larry Jost received an Academy Award nomination for Best Sound. In spite of Houseman's awards, the University of Chicago Law School calls his rendition of the Socratic method "over-the-top", telling prospective students:
Over three decades later, the American Film Institute included the film in its AFI's 100 Years...100 Cheers list.
Quotes.
"Mister Hart, here is a dime. Call your mother. Tell her there is serious doubt about your becoming a lawyer." - Kingsfield

</doc>
<doc id="9720173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720173" title="Gad's Hill School">
Gad's Hill School

Gad's Hill School in Kent, England, was formerly Gads Hill Place, the country home of Charles Dickens. It became an independent school for day pupils in 1924.
Traditions.
Gad’s Hill School has many traditions. Year 11 pupils sign the lead on the roof which has many names from years past. This tradition began when there were plays and dances in the grounds and the pupils would come and write their names to commemorate the occasion.
The evening before the Christmas holidays, the pupils and their families visit Rochester Cathedral to attend the annual Carol Concert. During this concert chosen pupils read the lesson of the Bible, the choir sings traditional carols and a chosen pupil is honoured to sing the first stanza of ‘Once in royal David’s city.’
On the last day of the winter term the whole school has an annual cross country run. The younger students run around the rugby fields a few times. Juniors run a and the seniors run a .
In June 2008, the school was shown in the Channel 4 TV docudrama "Dickens' Secret Lover", presented by actor Charles Dance, on Dickens' alleged affair with the actress Ellen Ternan during the last 13 years of his life. Charles Dickens died in what is now the school's dining room. Cedric Charles Dickens, the author's great-grandson, was a governor of the school until his death in 2006. Marion Dickens, the author's great great granddaughter, is a former pupil of the school and is a member of the Board of Governors.
In the news.
On August 28, 2002 Lorna Hurrell, a teacher at Gad's Hill School who was fighting a second bout of cancer, was dismissed from the school after she was unable to return to work full-time. In 2003 an employment tribunal found the school had acted unfairly and had discriminated against her on grounds of a disability. She was awarded £17,400 in compensation. The Headmaster, David Craggs, stated in an interview after the hearing that he felt the amount awarded to Mrs Hurrell vindicated the school's actions, because she and her union, the NUT, had claimed £100,000 in damages.

</doc>
<doc id="9720191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720191" title="Jakub Smrž">
Jakub Smrž

Jakub 'Kuba' Smrž (born April 7, 1983 in České Budějovice, Czechoslovakia) is a professional motorcycle road racer currently competing in the British Superbike.
He first entered the 125cc World Championship in . He was 17th overall in , then divided his time between 125cc and the 250cc championships in . He remained in the 250cc World Championship until , finishing 12th overall with a best of 7th that year.
For he was the surprise choice to replace Roberto Rolfo at the formerly race-winning SC Caracchi Ducati team in the Superbike World Championship. On a customer Ducati 999 F05 he frequently troubled the top sixteen in qualifying. He finished the season 14th with a best race result of 8th. 
For he rode a customer Ducati 1098 RS 08 for the Guandalini Racing by Grifo's team. He finished the 2008 season in 13th place in the championship.
For Smrž continued with the Guandalini Racing by Grifo's team, gaining his first podium finish (3rd) in the fourth round of the season at Assen and first pole position in the eighth round at Misano Adriatico. This time he finished 10th overall.
Smrž remained with the team in 2010, running under the B&G moniker after a partnership deal with the former Sterilgarda Ducati team. After a string of mechanical failures midseason, the team switched to an Aprilia bike, marking the first time Smrž had ridden anything other than a Ducati in the class. He was the fastest Aprilia in qualifying at Silverstone.
Smrž lives in Zlín.

</doc>
<doc id="9720192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720192" title="2011 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament">
2011 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 2011 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament began on March 19, 2011 and concluded on April 5, 2011. The Texas A&M Aggies won the championship, defeating the Notre Dame Fighting Irish 76–70 in the final held at Conseco Fieldhouse (now Bankers Life Fieldhouse) in Indianapolis.
The tournament was also notable for a historic run by Gonzaga that ultimately ended in the final of the Spokane Region. With the help of two games on their home court and a regional held less than two miles away, the #11-seeded Bulldogs became the lowest seed ever to make a regional final in the history of the women's tournament.
Subregionals.
The format is the same as the Men's Tournament, except that there are 64 teams; this in turn means there is no "First Four" round. Thirty-one automatic bids for conference champions and 33 at-large bids are available.
Subregionals were played from March 19 through March 22. 
The following 16 sites were used for first and second round games:
Regionals and Final Four.
The Regionals, named for the city rather than the region of geographic importance since 2005, which were held from March 26 to March 29, were at these sites:
Qualifying teams - automatic.
Sixty-four teams were selected to participate in the 2011 NCAA Tournament. Thirty-one conferences were eligible for an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA tournament. Tennessee continues its record of being present at every NCAA Tournament since the NCAA began sanctioning women's sports in the 1981–82 school year.
Qualifying teams - at-large.
Thirty-three additional teams were selected to complete the sixty-four invitations.
Bids by conference.
Thirty-one conferences earned an automatic bid. In twenty-one cases, the automatic bid was the only representative from the conference. Thirty-three additional at-large teams were selected from ten of the conferences.
Bids by state.
The sixty-four teams came from thirty states, plus Washington, D.C. Texas had the most teams with six bids. Twenty states did not have any teams receiving bids.
Brackets.
"Unless otherwise noted, all times listed are Eastern "Daylight" Time ()"
Record by conference.
Eighteen conferences went 0–1: the America East, Atlantic Sun, Big Sky, Big South, Big West, Colonial, Ivy League, MEAC, MAC, Missouri Valley, Mountain West, Northeast, Ohio Valley, Patriot, Southern, Southland, SWAC and the Summit
Media coverage.
Television.
ESPN has US television rights to all games during the tournament. For the first and second round, ESPN airs select games nationally on ESPN or ESPNU. All other games are aired regionally on ESPN2 and streamed online via ESPN3. Most of the nation gets whip-a-round coverage during this time, which allows ESPN to rotate between the games and focus on the nation on the one that is the closest. The regional semifinals are split between ESPN and ESPN2, and ESPN airs the regional finals, national semifinals, and championship match.
Commentary teams.
"First & Second Rounds Saturday/Monday"
"Sweet Sixteen & Elite Eight Saturday/Monday"
"Final Four"
"First & Second Rounds Sunday/Tuesday"
"Sweet Sixteen & Elite Eight Sunday/Tuesday"
"Championship"

</doc>
<doc id="9720198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720198" title="Jettatore">
Jettatore

Jettatore is a Argentine musical drama film directed by Luis Bayon Herrera. The film premiered in Buenos Aires on August 10, 1938 and starred Tito Lusiardo and Pedro Quartucci. It is a tango musical and is based on a play by Gregorio de Laferrere. The cinematography and editing of the film were performed by Francisco Múgica, who also served as a technical advisor to the films.

</doc>
<doc id="9720207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720207" title="Evergreen Cemetery (Richmond, Virginia)">
Evergreen Cemetery (Richmond, Virginia)

Evergreen Cemetery is a historic African-American cemetery in the East End of Richmond, Virginia, dating from 1891. Notable African-American Richmonders including Maggie L. Walker, John Mitchell, Jr., A.D.Price, and Rev.J.Andrew Bowler are buried there.
The most recent burial in the historic section of the cemetery dates from the 1980s. Much of the privately owned cemetery is completely overgrown with kudzu or is returning to forest. The original organization responsible for the cemetery, the Evergreen Cemetery Association, made no allowances for perpetual care in its charter. In 1970, the association sold its more than 5,000 plots to Metropolitan Memorial Services, which soon went bankrupt. A group of black funeral-home directors later bought the site at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="9720249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720249" title="Racetrack Records">
Racetrack Records

Racetrack Records is an American record label, music studio, and production company founded by Vin Diesel, and a wholly owned subsidiary of One Race Films. It is currently the record label of artists like Buddy Klein and Subnoize Souljaz.

</doc>
<doc id="9720254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720254" title="St Michael's Church, Monkton Combe">
St Michael's Church, Monkton Combe

St Michael's Church is the Church of England parish church of Monkton Combe, Somerset, England. It is a Grade II listed building.
Background.
The structure is mostly mid-Victorian. Predominately an example of Early English Gothic Revival, the structure has a steep pitched polychrome Welsh Slate roof and other aspects that clearly mark it from a distance as being a mid 19th Century construction. The main tower is surmounted by a gilded weather cock.
Norman Church.
The town was owned by the Bath Abbey monks, hence the name Monkton Combe, and the first structure was considered to be an “ancient Norman” one, and the parish minutes of 1757 give a glimpse of the small church structure having a chancel with at least two pews in it. “The church is a small structure, 50 feet in length and 16 feet in breadth, covered with tiles; at the west end in a little stone turret hangs two small bells. It is dedicated to St. Michael.”
Regency Church.
“About the beginning of the 19th century, when this little old church, after long neglect, needed extensive repairs, the inhabitant instead of repairing it, pulled it down and out of its materials build a new church of about the same size, seating only 95 persons, but to their minds no doubt more comfortable. It was erected in 1814 and did not last long. The Rev. Francis Pocock, being appointed vicar of Monkton Combe in 1863, found this church in a dilapidated state, and … for the needs for the parish, and had the courage to undertake the entire rebuilding of the sacred edifice.”
Victorian Church.
The tower contains an 8-bell carillon which was installed in the 1920s.
Organ.
The church contains a two manual pipe organ by Henry Jones and Sons.
Churchyard.
The churchyard contains the grave of Harry Patch, known as the "Last Fighting Tommy" and the last survining soldier to have fought in the trenches of World War I. He was buried there following his death in July 2009 at the age of 111, alongside several members of his family.

</doc>
<doc id="9720262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720262" title="Achille Mauzan">
Achille Mauzan

Achille Lucien Mauzan (Gap, Hautes-Alpes, 1883 – Gap, 1952) was born on the French Riviera, but moved to Italy in 1905, known as a decorative illustrator designing during the Art Deco movement, though he also painted and sculpted.
After a period of study in the École des Beaux-Arts at Lyon, France, Mauzan divided his life between Milan, Paris and Buenos Aires. Between the years 1920 and 1940, the period between the wars, he used forms and materials under the influence of the avant-garde cubists. He was also an illustrator of posters and postcards.
During his career as a poster printer and designer, Mauzan designed over 2,000 posters, using a style marked by humor and brilliant colors for advertisement and events and over 1,000 postcard images. He made several important posters for the Italian film industry in Turin, and then went to work at Ricordi music publishing from 1912 to 1917. Later, from 1919 to 1923 he works in the Magical press (Giovanni Magagnoli). In 1924 in Milan he establishes with Morzenti his own publishing house, the Mauzan-Morzenti Agency. In 1926 he travels to Argentina and sets up the “Affiches Mauzan” (Mauzan Posters) publishing house where many of his greatest works were created and where he worked until 1932. Within those years, Gino Boccasile, one of his students in Milan, travels to Argentina at his insistence and sets up studio. Mauzan is also noted for designing several war posters including an adaptation of the famous Lord Kitchener poster.
Further reading.
The Posters of Achille Mauzan, 1883–1952: Catalogue Raisonne by Mirande Carnevale-Mauzan (Author). ISBN 978-0-9664202-6-5

</doc>
<doc id="9720263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720263" title="USS Avocet (AVP-4)">
USS Avocet (AVP-4)

USS "Avocet" (AM-19/AVP-4) was a "Lapwing"-class minesweeper initially acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
"Avocet" was commissioned at the Norfolk Navy Yard, on 17 September 1918, as a minesweeper with Lieutenant Christian Crone in command. Recommissioned on 8 September 1925 as a small seaplane tender, USS "Avocet" (AVP-4) was present during the Pearl Harbor attack on 7 December 1941. The ship survived the war, and was sold as a hulk on 6 December 1946.
"Avocet"s role in the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
At about 0745 on Sunday, 7 December 1941, "Avocet's" security watch reported Japanese planes bombing the seaplane hangars at the south end of Ford Island and sounded general quarters. Her crew promptly brought up ammunition to her guns and the ship opened fire. The first shot from "Avocet"s starboard 3 in (76.2 mm) gun scored a direct hit on a Nakajima B5N2 carrier attack plane ("Kate") that had just scored a torpedo hit on the battleship , moored nearby. The "Kate", from the aircraft carrier 's air group, caught fire, slanted down from the sky, and crashed on the grounds of the naval hospital, one of five such planes lost by "Kaga" that morning.
Initially firing at torpedo planes, "Avocet"s gunners shifted their fire to dive bombers attacking ships in the drydock area at the start of the forenoon watch. Then, sighting high altitude bombers overhead, they shifted their fire again. Soon afterwards five bombs splashed in a nearby berth, but none exploded.
From her veritable ringside seat, "Avocet" then witnessed the sortie of the battleship , the only ship of her type to get underway during the attack. Seeing the dreadnought underway, after clearing her berth astern of the burning battleship , dive-bomber pilots from "Kaga" singled her out for destruction, 21 planes attacking her from all points of the compass. "Avocet"s captain, Lieutenant William C. Jonson, Jr., marveled at the Japanese precision, writing later that he had never seen "a more perfectly executed attack." "Avocet"s gunners added to the barrage to cover the battleship's passage down the harbor.
Although the ship ceased fire at 1000, much work remained in the wake of the devastating surprise attack. She had expended 144 rounds of 3 in (76.2 mm) and 1,750 of .30 in (7.62 mm) ammunition in the battle against the attacking planes, and had suffered only two casualties: a box of ammunition coming up from the magazines had fallen on the foot of one man, and a piece of flying shrapnel had wounded another. Also during the course of the action, a sailor from the small seaplane tender "Swan" (AVP-7), unable to return to his own ship, had reported on board for duty, and was immediately assigned a station on a .30 in (7.62 mm) machine gun.
Oil from ruptured battleship fuel tanks had been set afire by fires on those ships, and the wind, from the northeast, was slowly pushing it toward "Avocet's" berth. Accordingly, the seaplane tender got underway at 1045, and moored temporarily to the magazine island dock at 1110, awaiting further orders which were not long in coming. At 1115, she was ordered to help quell the fires still blazing on board "California". She spent 20 minutes fighting fires on board the battleship with the submarine rescue ship "Widgeon" (ASR-1), and was then directed to proceed elsewhere.
Leaving "California" at 1215, she reached the side of "Nevada" 25 minutes later, ordered to assist in beaching the battleship and fighting her fires. Mooring to "Nevada"s port bow at 1240, "Avocet" went slowly ahead, pushing her aground at channel buoy no. 19, with fire hoses led out to her forward spaces and her signal bridge. For two hours, "Avocet" fought "Nevada"s fires, and succeeded in putting them out.

</doc>
<doc id="9720294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720294" title="Villa Discordia">
Villa Discordia

Villa Discordia is a Argentine film directed by Arturo S. Mom. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720295" title="Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport">
Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport

Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Mena, a city in Polk County, Arkansas, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned MEZ by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned MEZ to Messina, South Africa). The airport's ICAO identifier is KMEZ.
Facilities and aircraft.
Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport covers an area of 667 acres (270 ha) at an elevation of 1,080 feet (329 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways with asphalt surfaces: 9/27 is 6,001 by 100 feet (1,829 x 30 m) and 17/35 is 5,000 by 75 feet (1,524 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 31, 2009, the airport had 31,000 aircraft operations, an average of 84 per day: 93% general aviation, 5% air taxi, and 2% military. At that time there were 43 aircraft based at this airport: 63% single-engine, 28% multi-engine, 7% jet, and 2% helicopter.
CIA drug trafficking.
A number of allegations have been made about the use of Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport as a CIA drop point in large scale cocaine trafficking, beginning in the latter part of the 1980s. Several local, state, and federal investigations have taken place in relation to these allegations. The topic has received some press coverage that has included allegations of awareness, participation and/or coverup involving prominent figures such as Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, George W. Bush, Governor Jeb Bush and Saline County prosecutor Dan Harmon (who was convicted of numerous felonies including drug and racketeering charges in 1997). The Mena airport was also associated with Adler Berriman (Barry) Seal, an American drug smuggler and aircraft pilot who flew covert flights for the CIA and the Medellín Cartel.
A criminal investigator from the Arkansas State Police, Russell Welch, who was assigned to investigate Mena airport claimed that he opened a letter which released electrostatically charged Anthrax spores in his face, and that he had his life saved after a prompt diagnosis by a doctor. He also claimed that later, his doctor's office was vandalized, robbed, and test results and correspondence with the CDC in Atlanta were stolen.
An investigation by the CIA's inspector general concluded that the CIA had no involvement in or knowledge of any illegal activities that may have occurred in Mena. The report said that the agency had conducted a training exercise at the airport in partnership with another Federal agency and that companies located at the airport had performed "routine aviation-related services on equipment owned by the CIA".
Allegations regarding Bill Clinton.
During the Clinton presidential administration (1993-2001), there were accusations (most notably in the controversial film "Clinton Chronicles") that Clinton, during his time as governor of Arkansas, and other high-ranking state officials were involved in some way with illegal cocaine importation, money laundering, and drug use centered upon the airport in Mena. These allegations have been disputed by several different investigations, including one by the Banking Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="9720326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720326" title="Ossian Ray">
Ossian Ray

Ossian Ray (December 13, 1835 – January 28, 1892) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire.
Early years.
Ray was born in Hinesburg, Vermont and his family moved to Irasburg, Vermont when he was young. He attended the public schools and an academy in nearby Derby. He studied law in Irasburg and in Lancaster, New Hampshire, where he moved in 1854. Mr. Ray was admitted to the bar in 1857 and practiced in Essex and Coos counties.
Politics.
Ray was the solicitor for Coos County, New Hampshire from 1862 to 1872. He twice served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1868 and, again, in 1869. He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1872. For a short time, from February 22, 1879, until he resigned effective on December 23, 1880, Ray was the United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire. He was elected as a Republican to the Forty-sixth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Evarts W. Farr and was re-elected to the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Congresses, serving from January 8, 1881, to March 3, 1885. Ray did not seek renomination in 1884.
Death.
Ossian Ray died in Lancaster, New Hampshire in 1892 and was buried in the Summer Street Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9720348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720348" title="Women Who Work">
Women Who Work

Women Who Work () is a Argentine comedy film drama directed by Manuel Romero. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Tito Lusiardo.

</doc>
<doc id="9720357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720357" title="J. Andrew Bowler">
J. Andrew Bowler

Rev. J. Andrew Bowler (March 1, 1862 – October 7, 1935) was an African American educator and Baptist minister.
He was the first minister of the Mt. Olivet Baptist Church in Richmond, Virginia. He is buried in the historic Evergreen Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia.
The former Springfield School on Twenty Six Street in Richmond was renamed in his honor.
He was described as an "outstanding teacher" by a man who attended George Mason Elementary School when Bowler taught grade 7. 

</doc>
<doc id="9720359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720359" title="Ikkeri">
Ikkeri

Ikkeri () is situated in Sagara taluk about 6 km to the south of Sagara. The word "Ikkeri" in Kannada means "Two Streets". It was, from about 1560 to 1640 AD, the capital of the Keladi chiefs, afterwards removed to Bednur. Ikkeri continued, however to be the nominal capital, the Rajas were called by its name, and the coins were called Ikkeri Pagodas and Fanams, although, if fact, the mint was removed. Its walls were of great extent, forming three concentric enclosures. In the citadel was the palace, of mud and timber, adorned with carving and false gilding.The only vestige of its former greatness is the temple of "Aghoreshvara" a large and well proportioned stone-building. On the floor in front of the shrine are the effigies of three of the Keladi chiefs, doing obeisance, with the name inscribed above each. One of them, Huchcha (Supreme) Somasekhara, is represented as manacled and fettered. The distance between the central pillars was adopted as the standard measure for garden land. A rod of this length, equal to 18 feet 6 inches, was the space called "daya" allowed for one tree, and the shist was fixed on 1,000 such daya at various rates constructed in a mixed style with a unique conception.
The Aghoresvara temple above mentioned is a large structure, built of granite, in a uniquely mixed style that incorporates elements from Vijayanagara, the Karnata Dravida style of the Later Chalukyas and Hoysalas, as well as the architecture of the Deccan Sultanates. The temple faces north and has lofty roof and ornamental doorways on the west, north and east, the north doorway being the best with two elephants at the sides. The "Garbhagriha", which is built of huge stones, contains a gigantic pedestal occupying nearly three-fourths of the whole space and sculptured all round with 32 seated female figures called shakthi peeta. In the "Sukhanasi" is a small translucent "Nandi" carved out of white spar. The temple has no "navaranga" doorway there are two niches, those to the right containing the figures of Ganesa and Subramanya and those to the left figures of Mahishasuramardini and Bhairava.
There are intricate carvings on the stone walls of the temple. There are carvings & sculptures such as Temple Relief (sculpture consisting of shapes carved on a surface so as to stand out from the surrounding background), Erotica, Fingurine, Old Kannada Manuscript, Sculpted Elephant etc.
At present it is maintained by Archaeological Survey of India.
Attacks.
This temple was ransacked by the army of the Bijapur Sultan during an invasion on Nayakas of Ikkeri.
References.
C.Hayavadana Rao, B.A., B.L., Fellow, University of Mysore, Editor, Mysore Gazetteer, 1930 Edition, Government Press, Bangalore.
B B Susheel Kumar, Founder and Photographer at © B B Susheel Kumar

</doc>
<doc id="9720363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720363" title="These Friends of Mine (album)">
These Friends of Mine (album)

These Friends of Mine is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas, released in 2006. Jeremy Enigk, Sufjan Stevens (who also co-produced), David Bazan, Damien Jurado, and Denison Witmer also appear on this album. The album was initially only available for purchase at online music stores. On March 13, 2007 it was released on compact disc.
The album was recorded over a two year period in a Brooklyn apartment that Thomas shared with Stevens and Witmer, and includes cover versions of R.E.M.'s "The One I Love" and Fleetwood Mac's "Songbird".
Reception.
The BBC called it a "whimsical, stripped down album", "an album that brims with introspective beauty and exposes Thomas’ song writing ability". Allmusic gave the album a three and a half out of five rating, calling it "a mixed bag, a long EP that works great when the song choice and left-of-center recording techniques meld into one, and lackluster when they do not". PopMatters gave the album 7 out of 10, with reviewer Andrew Vietze describing the songs as "heartbreakingly beautiful and they seem painfully authentic", and calling it "arguably the best Rosie Thomas record so far". "The Boston Globe" gave it a favorable review, stating "If folky girls hit your heartstrings, Thomas's work is a perfect soundtrack to coffee-shop dreaming and scribbling." "The Washington Post" called it "an album of quiet, folksy ballads". The "Sunday Mercury" described it as "a delightfully home-spun affair", calling it "an album not just to love but to treasure". Liz Colville, reviewing the album for Pitchfork Media gave it 3.8 out of 10, calling it "a sleepy, easy folk album". The "Manchester Evening News" called it "an album full of serenity and dreaminess".

</doc>
<doc id="9720368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720368" title="Zastava M93 Black Arrow">
Zastava M93 Black Arrow

The M93 Black Arrow is a 12.7mm or .50 caliber anti-materiel rifle developed and manufactured by Zastava Arms.
The M93 Black Arrow is designed on the basis of the Mauser system, which was, during its one hundred years long combat history, proven to be one of the most accurate and reliable bolt-action systems.
Overview.
The primary purpose of this rifle is long range engagement of hardly visible targets and due to that, it is provided only with an optical sight, which is included in the rifle set (8x magnification with the division up to 1,800 m). Its mount can accept the sights of other manufacturers as well.
Members of the family were tested in operations fought in Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia in extreme conditions.
Design and Features.
The Zastava M93 Black Arrow rifle is available in both 12.7×108mm and .50 BMG. It is a bolt action, air-cooled, magazine-fed firearm with a fixed stock.
Individual characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="9720381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720381" title="Through the Storm (Yolanda Adams album)">
Through the Storm (Yolanda Adams album)

Through the Storm is the second studio album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams, released in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9720412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720412" title="Pampa y cielo">
Pampa y cielo

Pampa y cielo is a Argentine film directed by Raul Garruchada. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720438" title="Russ Landau">
Russ Landau

Russ Landau is an American composer of film and television scores and themes including "seaQuest 2032", "Survivor", "Fear Factor", and "Pirate Master" for which he won an Emmy in 2008. He is an alumnus of the University of Bridgeport class of 1977 (South End, Bridgeport, Connecticut).

</doc>
<doc id="9720444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720444" title="André Larivière">
André Larivière

André Larivière (born 1948) is an ecologist and anti-nuclear activist from Quebec, Canada. He has lived in Europe since 1986 and was a leading speaker for the French Sortir du nucléaire network. In February 2010, he has been elected member of the board of trustees.
He has participated in 3 extended fasts:
He has organized and participated in many walks and protest actions, mainly in France and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9720454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720454" title="Hakan Bayraktar">
Hakan Bayraktar

Hakan Bayraktar (born 11 February 1976 in Samsun, Turkey) is a Turkish football (soccer) midfielder who currently plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu.
He started his professional career in the 1994-95 season, playing for K.F.C. Lommel S.K. in Belgium. He joined Gaziantepspor in 1997, and Fenerbahce in 2001. He also played for Çaykur Rizespor and Kayserispor. In the 2003-04 season, he only played one game and returned to Gaziantepspor for the remainder of the season. In 2004, he joined Akçaabat Sebatspor, playing one season before joining Sivasspor. He joined Malatyaspor in 2007. After a quite good season for the second league team Diyarbakirspor, Bayraktar signed for his former team Gaziantepspor once again.
He has been capped for Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="9720466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720466" title="La Voz del tambor">
La Voz del tambor

La Voz del tambor is a Argentine film directed by Constantino Ambrosione. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720476" title="Save the World (Yolanda Adams album)">
Save the World (Yolanda Adams album)

Save the World is the third national release by gospel singer Yolanda Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="9720481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720481" title="Blanda (city)">
Blanda (city)

Blanda (Greek: ), and later Blanda Julia, was an ancient city of Lucania, mentioned by Ptolemy among the inland towns of that province; but placed both by Pliny and Mela on or near the coast of the Tyrrhenian Sea. The former writer includes it in Bruttium, but this seems to be a mistake: Livy, who mentions Blanda among the towns which had revolted to the Carthaginians, but were recovered by Fabius in 214 BCE, expressly calls it a Lucanian city. (Liv. xiv. 20; Plin. iii. 5. s. 10; Mel. ii. 4; Ptol. iii. 1. § 70.) The Tabula Peutingeriana also places it on the road along the coast of Lucania. The ruins of Blanda form a major archaeological site at Palecastro di Tortora in the "comune" of Tortora, Province of Cosenza, Calabria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9720498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720498" title="Timeless (gene)">
Timeless (gene)

Timeless (tim) is a gene in "Drosophila" which encodes TIM, an essential protein that regulates circadian rhythms. "Timeless" mRNA and protein oscillate rhythmically with time as part of a transcription-translation feedback loop involving the "period" gene and its protein.
Discovery.
"Timeless" was discovered by Dr. Michael W. Young and colleagues in 1994. This gene was found when they noticed an arrhythmic "tim"01 mutant via a hybrid dysgenesis screen.
Function in the circadian clock.
The "timeless" gene is an essential component of the molecular circadian clock in "Drosophila". It acts as part of an autoregulatory feedback loop in conjunction with the period (per) gene product. Its circadian properties were noted in studies performed by Dr. Michael Rosbash's lab and Dr. Charles Weitz's lab. Both indicated that "timeless" protein (TIM) and "period" protein (PER) form a heterodimer that exhibits circadian rhythms in wild type "Drosophila". Researchers in Rosbash's lab also showed that "tim" mRNA levels and TIM protein levels have circadian rhythms that are similar to those of the "period"("per") and its product.
The PER/TIM heterodimer regulates transcription of "period" ("per") and "timeless" ("tim") genes. First the PER/TIM heterodimers form in the cytoplasm, accumulate, and then translocate to the nucleus. The complex then blocks the positive transcription factor clock (CLK) and cycle (CYC).
As part of the circadian clock "timeless" is essential for entrainment to light-dark (LD) cycles. The typical period length of free-running "Drosophila" is 23.9 hours, requiring adaptations to the 24-hour environmental cycle. Adaptation first begins with exposure to light. This process leads to the rapid degradation of the TIM protein, allowing organisms to entrain at dawn to environmental cycles. In light-dark cycles, TIM protein level decreases rapidly in late night/early morning, followed by the similar but more gradual changes in PER protein level. TIM degradation is independent of "per" and its protein, and releases PER from the PER/TIM complex. This ends the PER/TIM repression of the CLK/CYC-mediated transcription of "per" and "tim" genes, allowing "per" and "tim" mRNA to be produced to restart the cycle. In some cell types, the photoreceptor protein cryptochrome (CRY) physically associates with TIM and helps regulate light-dependent degradation. CRY is activated by blue light, which binds to TIM and tags it for degradation.
This mechanism allows entrainment of flies to environmental light cues. When "Drosophila" receive light inputs in the early subjective night, light-induced TIM degradation causes a delay in TIM accumulation, which creates a phase delay. When light inputs are received in the late subjective night, a light pulse causes TIM degradation to occur earlier than under normal conditions, leading to a phase advance.
In "Drosophila", the negative factors PER/TIM, as well as the positive factors CLK/CYC, are eventually degraded by a casein kinase-mediated phosphorylation cycle, allowing fluctuations in gene expression according to environmental cues. These proteins mediate the oscillating expression of the transcription factor VRILLE (VRI), which is required for behavioral rhythmicity, "per" and "tim" expression, and accumulation of PDF (pigment-dispersing factor).
Timeless in the cricket "Gryllus bimaculatus".
"Timeless" does not appear to be essential for oscillation of the circadian clock for all insects. In wild type crickets, "tim" mRNA shows rhythmic expression in both LD and DD (dark-dark cycles) similar to that of "per", peaking during the (subjective) night. When injected with "tim" double-stranded RNA ("dstim"), "tim" mRNA levels were significantly reduced and its circadian expression rhythm was eliminated. After the "dstim" treatment, however, adult crickets showed a clear locomotor rhythm in constant darkness, with a free-running period significantly shorter than that of control crickets injected with Discosoma sp. Red2 (DsRed2) dsRNA. These results suggest that in the cricket, "tim" plays some role in fine-tuning of the free-running period but may not be essential for oscillation of the circadian clock.
Mammalian homologs for "timeless".
In 1998, researchers identified a mouse homolog and a human homolog of the "Drosophila" "timeless" gene. The exact role of TIM in mammals is still unclear, as "Tim" transcription does not oscillate rhythmically and the TIM protein remains in the nucleus. Moreover, mammalian "tim" is more orthologous the "Tim-2" ("Timeout") paralog of the "Drosophila" "Timeless" gene. The function of "Timeout" has yet to be identified.
The "timeless" protein is thought to directly connect the cell cycle with the circadian rhythm in mammals. In this model called a “direct coupling” the two cycles share a key protein whose expression exhibits a circadian pattern.
Mice.
Recent work on the mammalian "timeless" ("mTim") in mice has suggested that the genes identified may not play the same essential role in mammals as in "Drosophila" as an essential function of the circadian clock. "mTim" is expressed in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN), but there is no oscillation of its accompanying RNA or protein products in constant conditions. The mammalian TIM protein levels do not shift with light signals, but there is reported interaction with the mammalian period protein PER1 and mammalian cryptochrome (CRY1 and CRY2). "mTim" is shown to be necessary for embryonic development in mice, indicating a different gene function than in "Drosophila" This suggests a divergence between mammalian clocks and the "Drosophila" clock.
Humans.
The human "timeless" protein (hTIM) has been shown to be required for the production of electrical oscillations output by the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN), the major clock governing all tissue-specific circadian rhythms of the body. This protein also interacts with the products of major clock genes CLOCK, BMAL, PER1, PER2 and PER3.
Sancar and colleagues investigated whether hTIM played a similar role to orthologs in "C. elegans" and other types of yeast, which are known to play important roles in the cell cycle. Their experiments suggested that hTIM plays an integral role in the G2/M and intra-S cell cycle checkpoints. With respect to the G2/M checkpoint, hTIM binds to the ATRIP subunit on ATR – a protein kinase sensitive to DNA damage. This binding between hTIM and ATR then leads to the phosphorylation of Chk1, resulting in cell cycle arrest or apoptosis. This process serves as an important control to stop the proliferation of cells with DNA damage prior to mitotic division. The role of hTIM in the intra-S checkpoint is less clear at the molecular level. However, down-regulation of hTIM leads to an increase in the rate of generation of replication forks – even in the presence of DNA damage and other regulatory responses.

</doc>
<doc id="9720499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720499" title="Chatham-Kent Secondary School">
Chatham-Kent Secondary School

Chatham-Kent Secondary School is located in Chatham-Kent, Ontario, Canada. With a student population of about 1200, it is the largest Secondary School in Chatham-Kent.
Administration.
At the head of the Administration is Mr. Todd Haskell, the Principal. The Vice Principals are Mr. Mike "Mac Daddy" McDonald and Mr. Murray Hunt.
Mascot.
The school's mascot is the Golden Hawk. In previous years the logo of the hawk was, oddly enough, not golden. In the 2006-07 school year the logo was re-done, and it is now golden.
Academics.
In the 2011-2012 school year, grade 9 academic math students from CKSS had the highest percentage of students over the provincial standard across Ontario. CKSS had 91%, the School Board had 82% and Ontario had 84%. The applied math students had a 51% rate while the School Board had 43% and Ontario 44% respectively.
The Musical.
The CKSS Musical is a major event in the CKSS School year. For over a decade Mr. Bruce "willie" Nelson directed the Musical. It is now directed by Mrs. Christine Baribeau.
Extracurricular activities.
CKSS also sports an Improvisation team. The team holds try outs during the fall of each school year and competes in the annual Canadian Improv Games.
A recent addition to the many clubs offered at CKSS is the Interact Club. The interact club is a part of Rotary International. They partner with the Chatham Sunrise Rotary club, helping with their many fundraising projects. Everyone knows CKSS is known for their strong volleyball program, which is known as one of the best in the province.
Volleyball.
CKSS is known for being one of the best Volleyball schools in Ontario. The boys have won 9 OFSAA championships and the girls have won 5 OFSAA championships. Volleyball is currently coached by the Leidl Brothers at the school, Mr. Brian Leidl and Mr. Tim Leidl. Mr. Randy Bartlett and Mr. Dale Lahey are former coaches at CKSS.
Important People.
Brooklyn Roebuck - Won Season 5 of The Next Star (YTV) 
Ryan Jones (ice hockey) - Professional Hockey Player for the NHL's Edmonton Oilers

</doc>
<doc id="9720506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720506" title="The Jubilees">
The Jubilees

The Jubilees were an English four-piece band from Sleaford.
The band.
The band formed in January 2004 in the Lincolnshire market town of Sleaford, named after the Jubilee Rooms which was one of the rooms in their local village hall.
The band comprised four members, Dan Hare (lead vocals and guitar), Mark Ward (keyboards and backing vocals), Gaz Sutton (bass) and Chris Tuck (drums).
The band first released a self-titled 6 track demo CD in 2005 which was written, recorded, mixed and produced by the band. They released a full length album 'Hide & Seek' in October 2006 composed of eleven tracks, including Hide & Seek, Insomniac and One In A Million.
The band gigged all over the country and got through to the finals of the 2007 Road To V competition, for which previous winners have included Bombay Bicycle Club and The Young Knives.
The Jubilees received interest from several record companies, including EMI and Sony Records but split up before signing a record deal. Dan Hare went on to join the re-formed 22-20s in 2008 as second guitarist and backing vocalist.

</doc>
<doc id="9720508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720508" title="La que no perdonó">
La que no perdonó

La que no perdonó is a Argentine film directed by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720513" title="Phiroz Mehta">
Phiroz Mehta

Phirozshah Dorabji Mehta (October 1, 1902 - May 2, 1994) was an Indian-born writer and lecturer on religious topics. He also had many other interests including astronomy, poetry and philosophy.
Early life.
He was born to Parsi Zarathushtrian parents in Cambay, India, and was brought up in the Zarathushtrian religion.
His interest since early boyhood in all the major religions of the world was not confined to a theoretical study. Deeply concerned with discovering through personal experience the Truth which is the Heart of Religion, he practised both the outer and the inner disciplines of several great religions.
Education.
After his schooling at Royal College, Colombo, he won a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge where he read Natural Sciences and History. The scholarship was not allowed due to his lack of a birth certificate. Despite being taken as far as the House of Lords, no grant was given. Private sponsorship was eventually secured and he was able to commence his studies. During his final year at Cambridge he fell ill and was unable to complete his studies. Twenty six years later, after studying intensively for only ten weeks, he took the finals exam in history and was awarded his Master’s degree.
Pianist.
From 1924 until 1932 he studied the piano with the world renowned pianist Solomon, giving recitals in India and Britain. Again illness struck and he was unable to follow his chosen career as a concert pianist and
piano teacher. The conductor Zubin Mehta was one of his early piano pupils.
Philosophy.
He now devised his own system of physical education to promote health and self-expression through rhythmic movement and breathing and taught this method for fifteen years. People as diverse as C.B. Fry, the England cricket captain, and Douglas Kennedy, English Folk Dance and Song Society president, came to him for lessons.
From early childhood Phiroz Mehta had a burning interest in religion and philosophy and he was closely involved with the Theosophical Society for many years. At the age of 16 he was running the Colombo branch.
In 1956 his first major book, "Early Indian Religious Thought", was published. It was not however until 1976, after extensive study, research and travel in India that he completed "The Heart of Religion", a profound study of the essence common to all religious experience. During these years a frequent visitor to his south London home, "Dilkusha", for advice on Eastern religions was Fritjof Capra, author of "The Tao of Physics" et alia. He subsequently published three more books, "Zarathushtra" (1985), "Buddhahood" (1988) and "Holistic Consciousness" (1989).
Through his knowledge of current scientific thinking and his lifelong study of all the major religions (notably Christianity, Buddhism, Zarathushtrianism, Hinduism, and Qabalah) together with life experience in both India and Great Britain, Phiroz Mehta not only bridged the fields of science and religion but also linked the cultural heritage of the East and the West.
During his lifetime he gave over three thousand lectures on religion and Indian culture to learned societies, university students, schools and conference centres in England, the Netherlands, Germany, India and at his London home, "Dilkusha". 
Phiroz Mehta always insisted that he was not to be regarded as a guru or as a leader of any movement but essentially as a fellow student. He regarded every person as being unique, discovering truth through his or her own way of life.

</doc>
<doc id="9720523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720523" title="Marina Kielmann">
Marina Kielmann

Marina Kielmann (born 31 January 1968) is a German former competitive figure skater. She is a four-time European medalist (silver in 1992, bronze in 1990, 1991, and 1993), the 1994 Nations Cup champion, the 1991 Skate Canada silver medalist, and a three-time German national champion (1991–93). 
Personal life.
Marina Kielmann was born in Dortmund, West Germany. Her brother, Sven, also competed in figure skating and their mother, Heide, was a coach. 
Figure skating career.
Kielmann began skating in Dortmund when she was four years old. She was coached by her mother. Early in her career, Kielmann competed in both singles and pairs. She and her partner, Oliver Dörendahl, took the silver medal at the 1981 German Championships.
As a single skater, Kielmann began her breakthrough in the 1987–88 season. After winning the national silver medal, she was assigned to her first major international event, the 1988 European Championships, and came in ninth. Represented West Germany at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Kielmann placed 12th in the compulsory figures, 11th in the short program, 10th in the free skate, and 10th overall. She finished as the second-ranked West German, behind Claudia Leistner, and fourth-ranked of all the Germans in ladies' singles. She placed 12th in her final event of the season, the 1988 World Championships in Budapest. 
In the 1988–89 season, Kielmann took bronze at the 1988 NHK Trophy and gold at the 1989 Winter Universiade. The next season, she obtained silver at the 1989 Nations Cup and then stepped onto an ISU Championship podium for the first time, receiving bronze at the European Championships in Leningrad. She finished tenth at the 1990 World Championships in Halifax, Canada. 
Kielmann became the German national champion for the first time in the 1990–91 season and then repeated as European bronze medalist at the European Championships in Sofia. She climbed to eighth at the World Championships, held in Munich.
In the 1991–92 season, Kielmann collected silver medals at the 1991 Nebelhorn Trophy, 1991 Nations Cup, and 1991 Skate Canada International. After successfully defending her national title, she won silver at the 1992 European Championships in Lausanne and was selected to represent unified Germany at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France. At her second Olympics, Kielmann placed 15th in the short program and 9th in the free skate. She finished tenth again in the overall standings but was the top-ranking German single skater. She came in 12th at the post-Olympic World Championships.
Kielmann won her fourth European medal, bronze, at the 1993 European Championships in Helsinki. Though she slipped to ninth at the following Europeans, she went on to achieve her best Worlds result, fourth, at the 1994 World Championships in Chiba, Japan. The next season, her last, she stood on top of the podium at the 1994 Nations Cup, placed sixth at 1995 Europeans and 13th at 1995 Worlds. 
After retiring from competition, Kielmann performed throughout Europe with Holiday On Ice and competed in one professional competition, the Ladies Professional Figure Skating Championships in 1997.
Roller skating career.
Kielmann also competed in roller skating, winning bronze at the 1987 and 1988 World Championships and silver in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9720535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720535" title="Phillip's Wish">
Phillip's Wish

"Phillip's Wish" is a television programme aimed at children, broadcast on the BBC,
produced for BBC Kids World & The Britt Allcroft Company by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="9720540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720540" title="More Than a Melody">
More Than a Melody

More Than a Melody is the fourth studio album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. "More Than a Melody" included singles such as "Gotta Have Love" (for which a commercial cassette single and video were both released) and the Steve Miller classic "Fly Like An Eagle." The album also includes musical collaborations with the late O'Landa Draper on "The Good Shepherd" and BeBe Winans on "What About The Children." The album was originally released on Tribute Records, and later re-released under the Verity label after Tribute's 1996 buyout.

</doc>
<doc id="9720544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720544" title="The Law They Forgot">
The Law They Forgot

The Law They Forgot () is a Argentine musical film drama directed by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720549" title="Wahid Zaland">
Wahid Zaland

Waheed Zaland () (also spelled as Wahid Zoland & ) is a singer from Afghanistan. He is related to Ustad Zaland, Farid Zaland, Soheila Zaland, and Shahla Zaland.

</doc>
<doc id="9720561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720561" title="AFCB">
AFCB

AFCB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9720565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720565" title="Michael L. White">
Michael L. White

Michael Lee White (born August 2, 1967) is an actor, writer and producer. He starred in the 1987 TV series, "Summer Breeze" and several episodes of the 1993 TV Series, "Spirit of Television". Behind the scenes, he was a co-writer and producer on the 1992-1993 TV Series, "Computer Doctor" and executive producer for the 1993 series, "Spirit of Television".
Early life.
White was born on August 2, 1967 in Rochester, Minnesota. He is the youngest of 3 children born to Floyd Leroy White and Yvonne Cecile Jarrett . White moved to Tucson, Arizona while he was only a few weeks old and remained through his teenage years.
Career.
White openly admits he received his start as an on-screen purely by accident. In 1985, while assisting the director on a television commercial for the University of Arizona, he was asked to step in at the last minute when one of the actors failed to show.
In 1987, White starred as Michael Wainwright in "Summer Breeze", a single pilot episode which aired on the NBC television network. After NBC failed to pick up "Summer Breeze", he decided it was time to go behind the camera and began to work as script consultant on a number of shows for Fox Television.
In 1993, he abruptly took over hosting duties for "Spirit of Television" after a devastating fire nearly destroyed the Old Tucson Studios and the show was forced to move production to California. White hosted a total of 8 episodes before the show went on hiatus for re-tooling (never to return).
Personal life.
White married in September 1996 and has 3 children. Shortly after the birth of his first child, White retired from the entertainment industry and moved to Northern Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="9720566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720566" title="Lakes of Covadonga">
Lakes of Covadonga

The Lakes of Covadonga (el. 1134 m.) are of two glacial lakes located on the region of Asturias, Spain. These lakes, often also called Lakes of Enol or simply Los Lagos, are Lake Enol and Lake Ercina located in the Picos de Europa range and they are the original center of the Picos de Europa National Park, created in 1918.
Vuelta a España.
The road ascending from Covadonga to the lakes is a popular climb in professional road bicycle racing, having been used by Vuelta a España many times in the last 25 years.
Lagos de Covadonga is the most important climb in the modern history of the "Vuelta". The road that leads to the lakes starts at Covadonga and is 12.6 kilometres long at an average gradient of 7.3% (height gain: 1056 m).[http://www.lavuelta.com/07/ingles/recorrido/etapa4.html?e=4] The most demanding section is "La Huesera", 7 kilometres from the top of the climb, with an average gradient of 15% during 800 meters. It was featured for the first time in 1983 with the victory of Marino Lejarreta.

</doc>
<doc id="9720591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720591" title="Kilómetro 111">
Kilómetro 111

Kilómetro 111 is a Argentine musical film drama directed by Mario Soffici. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
The film is one of several films directed by Soffici which address the social evils of historical Argentina. The film is based on Carlos Olivari's play "La tercera invasion inglesa" (1936), which is a fictional semi-documentary of the British railroad monopoly. The film is set in a town in central Argentina and documents the tragedy of the poverty-stricken rural farmers who are forced to sell their harvest to the railroad developers. In an attempt to avoid being exploited, the farmers send their wheat to Buenos Aires, where they unsuccessfully fail to obtain a bank loan. In the end it is down to the generosity of the station master that they are able to use the new line to transport their goods, although his generosity means that he is fired from his job.

</doc>
<doc id="9720592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720592" title="John Delbert Van Allen">
John Delbert Van Allen

John Delbert Van Allen was a retail dry goods merchant and department store owner who came to Clinton, Iowa in 1892 and established a department store that was the last surviving traditional store of its type in the city. He is most noted nationally for having hired Louis Sullivan to design the Van Allen Building that is now listed as a National Historic Landmark.
Mr. Van Allen applied for membership in the Holland Society of New York on August 10, 1908 and was admitted on October 8, 1908. He was a direct lineal descendent of Laurens Van Allen who was a resident of New Amsterdam in 1658. (Application below)

</doc>
<doc id="9720597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720597" title="International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies">
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies

The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies reaching 160 million people each year through its 189 member National Societies. It acts before, during and after disasters and health emergencies to meet the needs and improve the lives of vulnerable people. It does so with impartiality as to nationality, race, gender, religious beliefs, class and political opinions.
Guided by Strategy 2020 – the IFRC’s collective plan of action to tackle the major humanitarian and development challenges of this decade – the IFRC is committed to ‘saving lives and changing minds.'
The IFRC’s strength lies in its volunteer network, community-based expertise and independence and neutrality. It works to improve humanitarian standards, as partners in development and in response to disasters. It persuades decision makers to act in the interests of vulnerable people. It works to enable healthy and safe communities, reduce vulnerabilities, strengthen resil¬ience and foster a culture of peace around the world.
The seven Fundamental Principles that guide the work of the IFRC and its members are: humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality.
History.
Founding.
In 1919, representatives from the National Red Cross Societies of Britain, France, Italy, Japan, and the US came together in Paris to found the "League of Red Cross Societies" (LORCS) whose stated goal was "to strengthen and unite, for health activities, already-existing Red Cross Societies and to promote the creation of new Societies". The original idea was Henry Davison's, then president of the American Red Cross and he was assisted by the British general Sir David Henderson who became the Director-General. This move, led by the American Red Cross, expanded the international activities of the Red Cross Movement beyond the strict mission of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) to include relief assistance in response to emergency situations which were not caused by armed conflict (such as man-made or natural disasters). The American Red Cross already had great disaster relief mission experience extending back to its foundation. 
The formation of the League, as an additional international Red Cross organization alongside the ICRC, was not without controversy for a number of reasons. The ICRC had, to some extent, valid concerns about a possible rivalry between the two organizations. The foundation of the League was seen as an attempt to undermine the leadership position of the ICRC within the Movement and to gradually transfer tasks and competencies to a multilateral institution. In addition to that, all founding members of the League were National Societies from countries of the Entente or from associated partners of the Entente. The original statutes of the League from May 1919 contained further regulations which gave the five founding societies a privileged status and, due to the efforts of Henry P. Davison, the right to permanently exclude the National Red Cross Societies from the countries of the Central Powers, namely Germany, Austria, Hungary, Bulgaria and Turkey, and in addition to that the National Red Cross Society of Russia. These rules were contrary to the Red Cross principles of universality and equality among all National Societies, a situation which furthered the concerns of the ICRC.
Missions begin.
The first relief assistance mission organized by the League was an aid mission for the victims of a famine and subsequent typhus epidemic in Poland. Only five years after its foundation, the League had already issued 47 donation appeals for missions in 34 countries, an impressive indication of the need for this type of Red Cross work. The total sum raised by these appeals reached 685 million Swiss Francs, which were used to bring emergency supplies to the victims of famines in Russia, Germany, and Albania; earthquakes in Chile, Persia, Japan, Colombia, Ecuador, Costa Rica, and Turkey; and refugee flows in Greece and Turkey. The first large-scale disaster mission of the League came after the 1923 earthquake in Japan which killed about 200,000 people and left countless more wounded and without shelter. Due to the League's coordination, the Red Cross Society of Japan received goods from its sister societies reaching a total value of about $100 million. Another important new field initiated by the League was the creation of youth Red Cross work within the National Societies.
A joint mission of the ICRC and the League in the Russian Civil War from 1917 to 1922 marked the first time the Movement was involved in an internal conflict, although still without an explicit mandate from the Geneva Conventions. The League, with support from more than 25 National Societies, organized assistance missions and the distribution of food and other aid goods for civil populations affected by hunger and disease. The ICRC worked with the Russian Red Cross Society and later the Society of the Soviet Union, constantly emphasizing the ICRC's neutrality. In 1928, the "International Council" was founded to coordinate cooperation between the ICRC and the League, a task which was later taken over by the "Standing Commission". In the same year, a common statute for the Movement was adopted, defining the respective roles of the ICRC and the League within the Movement.
During the Abyssinian War between Ethiopia and Italy from 1935 to 1936, the League contributed aid supplies worth about 1.7 million Swiss Francs. Because the Italian fascist regime under Benito Mussolini refused any cooperation with the Red Cross, these goods were delivered solely to Ethiopia. During the war, an estimated 29 people lost their lives while being under explicit protection of the Red Cross symbol, most of them due to attacks by the Italian Army. During the Civil War in Spain from 1936 to 1939 the League once again joined forces with the ICRC with the support of 41 National Societies. In 1939 on the brink of the Second World War, the League relocated its headquarters from Paris to Geneva to take advantage of Swiss neutrality.
After World War II.
In 1952, the 1928 statute of the Movement was revised for the first time.
In the 1960s, there was a marked increase in the number of recognized Red Cross and Red Crescent National Societies due to decolonization. By the end of the 1960s, there were more than 100 societies around the world. On December 10, 1963, the IFRC (still known as the League of Red Cross Societies) and the ICRC jointly received the Nobel Peace Prize.
In 1983, the League was renamed to the "League of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies" to reflect the growing number of National Societies operating under the Red Crescent symbol. Three years later, the seven fundamental principles of the Movement as adopted in 1965 were incorporated into its statutes. The name of the League was changed again in 1991 to its current official designation the "International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies". In 1997, the ICRC and the IFRC signed the Seville Agreement which further defines the responsibilities of both organizations within the Movement.
In 2004, the IFRC began its largest mission to date after the tsunami disaster in South Asia. More than 40 National Societies have worked with more than 22,000 volunteers to bring relief to the countless victims left without food and shelter and endangered by the risk of epidemics.
Activities and responsibilities.
The IFRC coordinates between National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies throughout the world. The IFRC along with ICRC supports the foundation of new National Societies in countries where no official society exists. A National Society is admitted as a member to the IFRC only after it is recognized by the ICRC. 
The IFRC cooperates with the National Societies of the affected countries - called the "Host National Society" (HNS) - as well as the National Societies of other countries willing to offer assistance - called "Partner National Societies" (PNS). Among the 187 National Societies admitted to the General Assembly of the IFRC as full members or observers, about 25-30 regularly work as PNS in other countries. The most active are the American Red Cross, the British Red Cross, the German Red Cross, and the Red Cross Societies of Sweden and Norway. Another major mission of the IFRC which has gained attention in recent years is its commitment to work towards a codified, worldwide ban on the use of land mines and to bring medical, psychological, and social support for people injured by land mines.
The stated tasks of the IFRC can be summarized as follows:
The Red Cross Red Crescent is the world’s largest humanitarian network with:
Organization.
The IFRC has its secretariat in Geneva. It also runs five zone offices and has a number of delegations around the world. The Secretary General is Bekele Geleta. The IFRC is governed by a Governing Board consisting of a president, four vice-presidents, the chairman of the finance commission and 20 National Society representatives. The highest body of the IFRC is the General Assembly which convenes every two years with delegates from all National Societies. Among other tasks, the General Assembly elects the President.The current president of the IFRC is Tadateru Konoe, who also fulfills the role of president of the Japanese Red Cross).
Presidents of the Federation.
As of 2013, the president of the IFRC is Tadateru Konoe (Japanese Red Cross). The vice presidents are Paul Bierch (Kenya), Jaslin Uriah Salmon (Jamaica), Mohamed El Maadid (Qatar) and Bengt Westerberg (Sweden).
Former presidents (until 1977 titled "Chairman") have been:
Funding and financial matters.
The IFRC is funded by statutory contributions from National Societies, the delivery of field services to programme partners, and voluntary contributions from donors such as governments, corporations and individuals. The criteria for the statutory contributions of each National Society are established by the Finance Commission and approved by the General Assembly. Additional funding, especially for unforeseen relief assistance missions, is raised by emergency appeals. As of 2005, the Chairman of the Finance Commission is Mr. Chrystold Chetty (Seychelles) and the Vice- Chair is Ms Katherine Forbes (United States).
Emblem, mottos, and mission statement.
The emblem of the IFRC is the combination of a red cross and a red crescent on a white background, surrounded by a red rectangular frame without any additional text. The red cross, the original symbol of the Movement, is on the left while the red crescent appears to the right. "Per Humanitatem ad Pacem" is the primary motto of the IFRC (Article 1 of the Constitution of the Federation). The mission statement of the IFRC, as formulated in its "Strategy 2010" document is "to improve the lives of vulnerable people by mobilizing the power of humanity". From 1999 to 2004, the common slogan for all activities of the International Movement was "The Power of Humanity". In December 2003, the 28th International Conference in Geneva adopted the conference motto "Protecting Human Dignity" as the new slogan for the entire Movement.
Relationships within the Movement.
The IFRC has come into conflict with the ICRC at various times, first and foremost when the American Red Cross threatened to supplant the ICRC with its creation of the League as "a real international Red Cross" after the First World War. Several agreements about the respective roles of the organizations helped to smooth relations, beginning with the agreement of 1928, the 1997 Seville Agreement and most recently the Supplementary Measures of 2005. The Seville Agreement gives the IFRC the lead in any emergency situation which does not take place as part of an armed conflict (in which case the ICRC takes charge). Organizational discord has now largely subsided 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9720603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720603" title="Yolanda... Live in Washington">
Yolanda... Live in Washington

Yolanda... Live In Washington is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. This album contains performances previously only available on live VHS concerts, as well as two studio tracks: "Praise Your Holy Name," and "Thank You." The latter was re-recorded on Adams' "Believe" album in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9720613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720613" title="Caerwedros (village)">
Caerwedros (village)

Caerwedros is a small village in southern Ceredigion, Wales. 
Location.
Caerwedros is located three miles from New Quay and Cwmtydu beach. 
History & Amenities.
The site of Caerwedros Castle, is today a mound of earth on the west side of the village. Caerwedros has seen expansion in the last few years by the development of a small number of new houses and bungalows.

</doc>
<doc id="9720621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720621" title="Why I Write">
Why I Write

"Why I Write" (1946) is an essay by George Orwell detailing his personal journey to becoming a writer. It was first published in the Summer 1946 edition of "Gangrel". The editors of this magazine, J.B.Pick and Charles Neil, had asked a selection of writers to explain why they wrote. 
The essay offers a type of mini-autobiography in which he writes of having first completed poems and tried his hand at short-stories, and carried on a continuous "story" about himself in his head, before finally becoming a full-fledged writer. It goes on to set out some important motives for writing. 
Four motives for writing.
Orwell lists "four great motives for writing" which he feels exist in every writer. He explains that all are present, but in different proportions, and also that these proportions vary from time to time. They are as follows:
In the essay, Orwell charts his own development towards a political writer. He cites the Spanish Civil War as the defining event that shaped the political slant of his writing: 
Orwell, who is considered to be a very political writer, says that by nature, he is "a person in whom the first three motives would outweigh the fourth", and that he "might have remained almost unaware of political loyalties", - but that he had been "forced into becoming a sort of pamphleteer" because his era was not a peaceful one. In the decade since 1936-37 his desire had been to "make political writing into an art". He concludes the essay explaining that "it is invariably where I lacked a "political" purpose that I wrote lifeless books and was betrayed into purple passages, sentences without meaning, decorative adjectives and humbug generally."

</doc>
<doc id="9720636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720636" title="El Gran camarada">
El Gran camarada

El Gran camarada is a Argentine film directed by Yago Blass. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9720673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720673" title="Bertha of Savoy">
Bertha of Savoy

Bertha of Savoy (21 September 1051 – 27 December 1087), also called Bertha of Turin, was the first wife of Emperor Henry IV, and was Queen of Germany and Holy Roman Empress.
Life.
Family.
Bertha of Savoy was a daughter of Otto of Savoy (also called Eudes and Odo) and Adelaide of Susa. Her maternal grandparents were Ulric Manfred II of Turin and Bertha of Milan.
Marriage.
During the lifetime of Emperor Henry III, Bertha (aged four) was betrothed to Henry III's son, Henry IV (aged five) on 25 December 1055 in Zürich. When Bertha was fifteen, she was crowned at Würzburg in June 1066 and married Henry on 13 July 1066 in Trebur. Although she was apparently a pretty young woman, the Saxon chronicler Bruno of Merseburg, an avowed opponent of Henry IV, reported on Henry's continual unfaithfulness: "He had two or three concubines at the same time, in addition his wife, yet he was not content. If he heard that someone had a young and pretty daughter or wife, he instructed that she be supplied to him by force. (...) His beautiful and noble wife Bertha (...) was in such a manner hated by him that he never saw her after the wedding any more than necessary, since he had not celebrated the wedding out of free will."
Attempted repudiation.
In 1069, Henry attempted to repudiate Bertha. At an assembly at Worms, Henry "explained publicly (before the princes), that his relationship with his wife was not good; for a long time he had deceived others, but now he did not want to do so any longer. He could not accuse her of anything that justified a divorce, but he was not capable of carrying out conjugal relations with her any longer. He asked them for the sake of God to remove him from the bonds of a marriage closed under bad signs ... so that the way to a luckier marriage might be opened. And nobody knowing any objection to raise, and his wife being an obstacle to a second marriage ceremony, he then swore that she was as he received her, unstained and her virginity intact." The German episcopacy dared not submit to the King's demands, and no conclusion was reached at the assembly at Worms. Instead, the German bishops and called on Pope Alexander II for assistance. A synod was convened at Frankfurt for later in the year. During this time, Bertha retired to the abbey of Lorsch. The papal legate Peter Damian presided at the synod of Frankfurt. Peter Damian opposed Henry's repudiation of Bertha on the grounds of canon law, but many of the German princes were more concerned about the response of Bertha's mother Adelaide. Henry IV reluctantly reconciled with Bertha. His first daughter with Bertha was born in the following year (1070).
Canossa.
At the Lenten synod in Rome in 1076, Bertha's husband Henry IV was excommunicated by Pope Gregory VII. In October 1076, the German princes swore an oath at Oppenheim that they would no longer recognise Henry as king unless this excommunication was lifted. Henry thus had to travel to Italy to meet with Gregory during the winter of 1076/7. To do so, Henry needed to cross the Alps. Bertha and their young son, Conrad, accompanied Henry on his dangerous journey. Henry hoped to travel through one of the Alpine passes controlled by his mother-in-law, but Adelaide extracted a high price before allowing him to do this. Adelaide then accompanied Henry and Bertha on the Walk to Canossa, where in January 1077, Henry underwent penance and begged Gregory VII's forgiveness. Adelaide was among those who acted an oath-helper to secure Henry’s absolution from excommunication.
Imperial coronation.
On 31 March 1084 Henry IV and Bertha were crowned emperor and empress in Rome by Antipope Clement III.
Death.
Bertha was thirty-six years old when she died in Mainz on 27 December 1087. She was buried in Speyer Cathedral.
Children.
From her marriage with Henry, Bertha eventually had five children, two of whom died while still young:

</doc>
<doc id="9720680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720680" title="El Mono relojero">
El Mono relojero

El Mono relojero is a 1938 Argentine animated short film directed by Quirino Cristiani. It is the only film from this director that exists up to this day, since all his other productions (including the first two animated feature films, "El Apóstol" (1917) and "Sin dejar rastros" (1918), as well as the first animated film with sound, "Peludópolis (1931)") were lost in a series of fires at the facilities where the negatives and copies were stored; "Sin dejar rastros" was confiscated on the day of its premiere, and is believed to have been immediately destroyed. "El mono relojero" was saved from the fires because, by chance, the author of its script Constancio C. Vigil had a copy of his own.
The film premiered in Buenos Aires. It was intended to be the first of a series of animated adaptations of the children's books written by Vigil, but differences between him and Quirino Cristiani, who possessed a willful streak, prevented the production of subsequent installments.
"El mono relojero" was not especially representative of the filmography of Quirino Cristiani. The film's themes and style were clearly Vigil's, and it was one of the few directed by Cristiani to lack the element of political satire.

</doc>
<doc id="9720690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720690" title="Songs from the Heart (Yolanda Adams album)">
Songs from the Heart (Yolanda Adams album)

Songs From The Heart is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. "Songs" included the single "Still I Rise," dedicated to Rosa Parks, and interpolated from a poem by Maya Angelou. This was Adams' final album for the Verity Records label before signing with Elektra Records and gaining mainstream fame with her follow-up album "Mountain High... Valley Low".

</doc>
<doc id="9720694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720694" title="Ottensen">
Ottensen

Ottensen (old name: Ottenhusen) located in Hamburg, Germany in the Altona borough on the right bank of the Elbe river, is a former town. It is a now one of the 105 quarters of Hamburg. Ottensen is an urban area, which population was 32,757 in 2006.
History.
The first record of Ottensen dates from 1310. In 1390, it became the seat of the bailiff of the county of Holstein-Pinneberg. The settlement was mostly composed of farmers and craftsmen. During the 1640s, it surpassed nearby Altona in size. It was annexed to Prussia in 1867, and the population rose rapidly: from 2,411 in 1840 to 37,738 in 1900.
It was later annexed to the city Altona, which in turn was due to the Greater Hamburg Act annexed to Hamburg in 1937.
Geography.
According to the statistical office of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein, the quarter has a total area of . The southern border to the quarter Waltershof is the river Elbe. The railway tracks of the city train is the north border to Bahrenfeld and the eastern border to the Altona-Alstadt quarter. In the West is the quarter Othmarschen.
Demographics.
In 2006 in the quarter Ottensen were living 32,757 people. The population density was . 14.3% were children under the age of 18, and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. 16.2% were immigrants. 1,863 people were registered as unemployed. In 1999 there were 18,959 households out of which 16.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 55.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.72.
In 2006 there were 3,558 criminal offences (109 crimes per 1,000 people).
Education.
There were 4 primary schools and 2 secondary schools in Ottensen.
Culture.
Museums, galleries.
The "Altonaer Museum Norddeutsches Landesmuseum" (Northern German country museum) is museum dedicated among other things to the history and culture of the coastal area of northern Germany. Founded in 1863 it is today located in the street "Museumsstrasse" near to the Hamburg-Altona railway station. The museum has 4 branches, the "Altonaer Museum" itself, the "Jenisch Haus" for art and culture in the Othmarschen quarter, the "Rieck Haus" in the quarter Curslack and the "Heine Haus" in the street Elbchaussee 23.
Performing arts.
The "Altonaer Theater" is located in the street Museumsstrasse 17. It was founded 1876 as "Altonaer Stadttheater" at the street Königstrasse. In 1943 destroyed, a new location was found in the school Museumsstrasse. In 1954 the "Altonaer Theater" was reopened there with Hans Fitze as the theatre manager. In 1994 the theatre closed due to financial problems. In 1995 the theatre was reopened and play until today.
The smaller stage "Thalia an der Gaußstraße" of the Hamburg Thalia Theater is located in Ottensen.
Recreation.
In Ottensen are two small park areas, "Donnerspark" and "Rathenaupark".
Sports.
The football club "FC Teutonia Ottensen" is one of several sports associations using the facilities in Ottensen.
Infrastructure.
Health systems.
The "Altonaer Kinderkrankenhaus" is a hospital for children with 195 beds located Bleickenallee 36. The "Asklepios Klinik Wandsbek" has a day care facility for psychiatric problems in the Bülowstr. 8.
In Ottensen were 32 day care centers for children and also 130 physicians in private practice and 11 pharmacies.
Transportation.
Ottensen is serviced by the rapid transit system of the city train.
According to the Department of Motor Vehicles (Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt), in the quarter were 9,894 private cars registered (305 cars/1000 people). There were 133 traffic accidents total, including 105 traffic accidents with damage to persons.
Notes.
References.
"The section history is based on the corresponding article from the German Wikipedia, accessed on 25 February 2007"

</doc>
<doc id="9720713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720713" title="Blanda (disambiguation)">
Blanda (disambiguation)

Blanda is the name of:
Blanda may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9720715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720715" title="Mr. &amp; Mrs. J. Evil Scientist">
Mr. &amp; Mrs. J. Evil Scientist

Mr. & Mrs. J. Evil Scientist are a family of fictional characters inspired by The Addams Family cartoons that appeared in "The New Yorker". They appeared on the "Snagglepuss" and "Snooper and Blabber" animated television series and starred in their own comic book.
Television history.
The Evil Scientist family, consisting of J. (who is also referred to by his wife as "Boris" in his first animated appearance), his wife Goonda, and son Junior, debuted on October 17, 1959, when Junior was baby-sat by Snooper and Blabber in "The Big Diaper Caper". They subsequently appeared in other Snooper and Blabber cartoons, including "Snap Happy Saps", "Surprised Party", and "Chilly Chiller". They also appeared in a February 20, 1961 "Snagglepuss" cartoon titled "Fraidy Cat Lion".
A second version the Evil Scientist family named The Gruesomes appeared as "The Flintstones"' next-door neighbors. A third incarnation of the family, which combined elements of both the Evil Scientists and Gruesomes, named The Creepleys appeared on "Laff-A-Lympics".
A couple based on Mr. and Mrs. J. Evil Scientist appear in an episode of "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo" titled ""Snow Place Like Home"". In the episode, Scooby Doo and the gang travel on a ski vacation to the spooky Snowy Mountain Chalet, which is run by a creepy-looking couple that make Shaggy and Scooby nervous. The gang discovers the resort is nearly deserted because it is haunted by an Ice Ghost, and they soon find out that the couple is being pressured into selling their resort by a slick businessman.
Hanna-Barbera later made two animated TV series based on the Scientists' inspirations, "The Addams Family": one in 1973 and the other in 1992.
Comic book.
The Evil Scientist family made their first comic book appearance in "Hanna-Barbera Bandwagon" #2 (January 1963), published by Gold Key Comics. In their first appearance, they were featured as supporting characters to Snagglepuss. In the next issue (which was the final issue of the anthology series), they were featured in their own story.
In the fall of 1963, they were given their own comic book, which lasted four issues. The comic book was published annually during Halloween of 1963, 1964, 1965 and 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="9720721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720721" title="St Mary the Virgin, Bathwick">
St Mary the Virgin, Bathwick

The Church of St Mary the Virgin is located on Church Street (not Raby Place as Pevsner mentions, although the two are the same street) in Bathwick section of Bath, Somerset, England. The church is Anglican and located near Pinch's Sydney Place (1808) and Bath's famed Sydney Pleasure Gardens.
The church was constructed by the Pulteney family, who used it to replace the medieval parish church of St Mary's, Bathwick, known even in Georgian times as Bathwick Old Church.
The Church of St Mary the Virgin was where the band Muse recorded the organ parts on their second studio album "Origin of Symmetry".
Pevsner's description.
"St Mary Virgin, Raby Place, Bathwick. 1814–20 by Pinch (John Pinch the Elder). The chancel by G.E. Street, 1873–5. Meant to be in the Somerset Gothic style, though of course the result is typical of early C19. W tower with pierced parapet and polygonal pinnacles. Nave, aisles, clerestory, high and a little pinched. Perp tracery in the tall aisle windows and the lower clerestory windows with thin four-centered heads. Very tall thin piers of standard Somerset section (four hollows). Three galleries. No arcade arches, but a flat timber lintel running through. This was originally plastered. Ribbed coved ceiling. The chancel not of particular interest. – PAINTING. On the altar early C16 polyptych, four winds, Netherlandish. – The original altar painting, an Adoration of the Child by Benjamin Barker, hangs high up against the W wall. – PLATE. Chalice and Cover 1572; Paten by Fawdery 1723; Chalice and Paten 1837."
Music.
The organ in St. Mary's is the only example in the city of the work of Father Henry Willis. The musical tradition of the church dates back to the late 1800s when the Oxford Movement's influence caused the establishment of a robed choir. For many years the reputation of the church choir rode high but during the 1970s and 1980s difficulties in maintaining the numbers of boy trebles caused challenges and eventually led to the formation of an all-adult choir. Over the past 15 years or so the standards have once again risen and the choir of St. Mary's is now held in high regard, and has made many recital tours within the UK and abroad, and has made a number of broadcasts on radio and television.

</doc>
<doc id="9720727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720727" title="Don McCallum">
Don McCallum

Don McCallum was an artist, historian, and art critic for the "Kingston Whig-Standard" in Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9720734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720734" title="Sorry! (video game)">
Sorry! (video game)

Sorry! is a video game based on the board game "Sorry!" It offers classic Sorry and also a mode called Way Sorry, where new cards are introduced, such as Bully, Buddy, Punish, and Happy. The pawns can even talk, joke, and make amusing remarks during gameplay that relate with the colors' personalities. There are cutscenes as well, which show what happens afterward when a specific color wins.
Rules are identical to normal play; however there are some options for "house rules", such as being allowed to bump teammates. Both the Classic (playing cards drawn) and Strategy (playing cards from hand) games are available.
In addition to normal play, the game provides an extra deck of cards called Way Sorry! Along with the standard cards, it includes the following:
Multiplayer.
The game also allows up to four players to play at the same time moving in turns.

</doc>
<doc id="9720737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720737" title="Cholesteryl oleyl carbonate">
Cholesteryl oleyl carbonate

Cholesteryl oleyl carbonate (COC) is an organic chemical, an carbonate ester of cholesterol and oleyl alcohol with carbonic acid. It is a liquid crystal material forming cholesteric liquid crystals with helical structure. It is a transparent liquid, or a soft crystalline material with melting point around 20 °C. It can be used with cholesteryl nonanoate and cholesteryl benzoate in some thermochromic liquid crystals.
It is used in some hair colors, make-ups, and some other cosmetic preparations.
It can be also used as a component of the liquid crystals used for liquid crystal displays.

</doc>
<doc id="9720740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720740" title="Slovenian Football Cup">
Slovenian Football Cup

The Slovenian Football Cup ( ), is the top knockout tournament of Slovenian football and the second most important football competition in Slovenia after the Slovenian PrvaLiga championship. The cup was established in 1991 after local clubs had abandoned the Yugoslav First League and Yugoslav Cup competitions following the breakup of Yugoslavia.
The cup is contested by a total of 28 clubs: 18 lower level sides qualify via regional cups organised by the Intercommunal football associations. They are joined by the 6 lower placed top flight clubs and are reduced to 12 clubs through the first round proper. They are then joined by the best 4 top flight clubs who automatically enter the second round proper. The games are played in a single leg knock-out format until the quarter-finals and semi-finals when home and away matches are played and aggregate scores are taken into account. Since 2005 the final is also held as a single-legged match, although it was a two-legged affair in the period between 1994 and 2004.
As of 2014, a total of 13 clubs have reached the cup finals and the most successful side in the history of the competition is Maribor, who have triumphed 8 times in their 12 cup final appearances. They are followed by Olimpija, who won 4 titles before folding in 2004. Primorje hold the record for most appearances in the final without winning the title, finishing as runners-up in three consecutive finals between 1996 and 1998. Aluminij is the only side from outside the top flight which managed to reach the cup final, having finished as runners-up in 2002 after a 6–1 aggregate defeat to Gorica.
List of winners.
Teams shown in "italics" are no longer in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="9720747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720747" title="Altona-Nord">
Altona-Nord

Altona-Nord () located in the Altona borough in the city Hamburg, Germany, is one of 105 quarters of Hamburg. In 2006 the population was 21,406.
Geography.
According to the statistical office of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein, the quarter has a total area of .
Demographics.
In 2006 in the quarter "Altona-Nord" were living 21,406 people. 15,1% were children under the age of 18, and 9,8% were 65 years of age or older. 22,9% were immigrants. 1689 people were registered as unemployed. In 1999 55,1% of all households were made up of individuals.
Population by year 
In 2006 there were 3,314 criminal offences (155 crimes per 1,000 people).
Education.
In 2006 there were 2 elementary schools and 4 secondary schools in Altona-Nord.
Economy.
Holsten Brewery plc. is located in the quarter.
Infrastructure.
Health systems.
23 physicians in private practice and 4 pharmacies were registered in 2006.
Transportation.
Altona-Nord is serviced by the rapid transit system of the city train with the stations "Holstenstraße" and "Diebsteich".
According to the Department of Motor Vehicles (Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt), in Altona-Nord were 5,682 private cars registered (269 cars/1,000 people).

</doc>
<doc id="9720758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720758" title="List of tallest buildings in New Orleans">
List of tallest buildings in New Orleans

The city of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, is the site of 106 completed high-rises, 36 of which stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is One Shell Square, which rises in the New Orleans Central Business District and was completed in 1972. It also stands as the tallest building in the state of Louisiana. The second-tallest skyscraper in the city is Place St. Charles, which rises . Nine of the ten tallest buildings in Louisiana are located in New Orleans.
The history of skyscrapers in New Orleans began with the construction of the Hennan Building in 1895; this building, rising , is often regarded as the first skyscraper in New Orleans. The 20-story Hibernia Bank Building, constructed in 1921 at a height of , held the title of the tallest in New Orleans for 44 years. But, for most of the 20th century, the skyline of New Orleans consisted of only low and mid-rise structures. The soft soils of New Orleans are susceptible to subsidence, and there was doubt about the feasibility of constructing large high-rises in such an environment. This trend was broken with the construction of the World Trade Center in 1967. The Plaza Tower, completed in 1969, was the first building to exceed . Shortly thereafter, One Shell Square took its place as the city's tallest building in 1972. The oil boom of the late 1970s and early 1980s led to more construction of high-rises in New Orleans, with the completion of 17 of the city's 40 tallest buildings. Today, the high-rises of New Orleans are clustered along Canal Street and Poydras Street in the Central Business District. Poydras Street in particular has emerged as the city's principal high-rise corridor.
As New Orleans continues to recover from Hurricane Katrina, various projects have been proposed but increasing material and labor costs have eliminated some. The tallest tower approved for construction in the city is Trump International Hotel & Tower; upon completion it would become the tallest building in New Orleans at a height of , but construction has been delayed. Phase 3 of Canal Place is another skyscraper proposed for construction in the city. In addition, while not new constructions, many of the older buildings in the central business district are undergoing renovations to condominium, apartment and hotel towers; these projects include the National American Bank Building. 
__TOC__
Tallest buildings.
This lists ranks New Orleans skyscrapers that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts. An equal sign (=) following a rank indicates the same height between two or more buildings. The "Year" column indicates the year in which a building was completed.
Tallest under construction, approved and proposed.
This lists buildings that are under construction, approved for construction or proposed for construction in New Orleans and are planned to rise at least , but are not yet completed structures. Under construction buildings that have already been topped out are also included.
Timeline of tallest buildings.
This lists buildings that once held the title of tallest building in New Orleans as well as the current titleholder, One Shell Square. 
Tallest buildings in suburban communities of New Orleans.
This list ranks buildings in the suburban municipalities of New Orleans that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. A few high-rise buildings are located in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie, Louisiana, an unincorporated area of Jefferson Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="9720767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720767" title="Dave Sisler">
Dave Sisler

David Michael Sisler (October 16, 1931 – January 9, 2011) was a professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from through . Early in his career, Sisler was a starter, then later was used as a middle reliever and occasionally as a closer. He reached the majors in  with the Boston Red Sox after he completed a two-year obligation in the active military. After three-and-a-half seasons with the Red Sox, he was traded to the Detroit Tigers in and served the team through the  season. Before the  season, he was selected by the Washington Senators in the 1960 Major League Baseball expansion draft, for whom he played the  season. He was then traded to the Cincinnati Reds in , playing one season at the major league level, and one in their minor league system. 
His most productive years came with Boston, where he won 24 games from 1956 to 1958, averaging 138 innings each season. After that, he appeared strictly as a reliever and saved a career-high 11 games for the Senators. In a seven-season career, Sisler posted a 38–44  record with a 4.33 ERA in 247 appearances, including 29 saves, 12 complete games, one shutout and 656⅓ innings. Sisler retired from baseball after the 1963  season to become an investment firm executive, a career that lasted for over 30 years, retiring as a vice-chairman for A. G. Edwards.
His father, Hall of Famer George Sisler, and one of his brothers, Dick Sisler also played baseball at the major league level; while another brother, George Sisler, Jr., was a general manager for several minor league baseball teams, and later became president of the International League from 1966 to 1976.
Early life.
Sisler was born on October 16, 1931, in St. Louis, Missouri, to George Sisler, a Baseball Hall of Fame player, and Kathleen. He played baseball in high school and when he was 16 he went to work for his father who was a coach in the Brooklyn Dodgers organization. Dave kept statistics and was occasionally allowed to pitch. The Dodgers did not envision a future with him and did not pursue a contract due to his commitment to Princeton and future military obligation. Sisler was signed by the Boston Red Sox of the American League (AL) after his time with Princeton, and began his professional baseball career at the age of 21 in 1953 for the Albany Senators in the class-A Eastern League. He pitched in 21 games that season, 20 as their starting pitcher; he had a 12–7 win–loss record, an ERA of 2.60 in 135 innings pitched. He did not play professional baseball in either 1954 or 1955 due to his active military service.
Major League career.
Boston Red Sox.
After his military commitment, he re-joined the organization, and began the season with the Red Sox. He made his major league debut on April 26, 1956, a one-inning relief appearance against the New York Yankees. His first MLB victory came seven days later, a three-inning relief appearance against the Yankees in Boston. On August 5, in his sixth start, he pitched a seven-inning complete game 2-1 victory over the Cleveland Indians and their pitching star, future Hall of Famer Bob Lemon. In total, he appeared in 39 games his first season, 14 as their starting pitcher, had a 9–8 win–loss record with three saves, 98 strikeouts, and a 4.66 ERA in 142⅓ inning pitched. He tied for the AL league with a 1.000 fielding percentage by not committing a single error, although he had the sixth highest total of hit batsmen with seven. Following the season, Sisler was praised for his performance; he was selected by Boston area sportswriters as the "Harry Agganis Award" winner, given annually to whom they voted as the top Boston Red Sox rookie, and was named to the 1956 "Rookie All-Star Team".
On January 17, 1957, Sisler was re-signed by the Red Sox. The Red Sox expected Sisler to be a candidate for a pitching rotation slot. He impressed his coaching staff during early spring practices, manager Mike "Pinky" Higgins commented that Sisler "looks good; he's more mature and shows more confidence". When the regular season began, he was initially effective, winning three games against one defeat in his first four starts, including two complete game victories against the Yankees. At this point, he was 4–0 against the Yankees, earning him the moniker "Yankee Killer" from sportswriter Chester L. Smith of the "Pittsburgh Press". Although his ERA of 4.88 was considered high, it was due in large part to his loss against the Kansas City Athletics who scored six earned runs in just two innings. On July 4, he defeated the Yankees once again, making him 5–0 against them in his career, and 7–4 overall for the 1957 season, and had lowered his ERA to 4.02. That was his last victory of the season, however, which he followed with two consecutive losses, pitching a total of four innings; he did not appear in another game until September 2. He recorded a save against the Baltimore Orioles on September 7, but closed the season with two consecutive losses against the Yankees, though he pitched well in the second game, giving up just three hits and two earned runs in eight innings. His season totals include a 7–8 record, and a 4.72 ERA in 122⅓ inning pitched.
Sisler began the 1958 spring training in spectacular form, pitching a total of nine hitless innings and allowed just one baserunner in 28 batters faced; the last 27 in order. However, he finished the spring with two consecutive losses, including one to the Pittsburgh Pirates, with whom his father was a special assistant to their manager. He opened the regular season with a complete game victory against the Yankees on April 16. On May 2, he pitched his only career complete game shutout, a 6–0 victory against the Detroit Tigers and future Hall of Famer Jim Bunning, improving his record to 3–1 for the season. Over the next two months, his average innings pitched declined during his starts, and on several occasions he entered the game in relief. He went winless from June 12 to August 9, when he defeated the Yankees. He recorded just one more victory in 1958, and completed the season with an 8–9 record, a 4.94 ERA, and 71 strikeouts in a career-high 149⅓ innings pitched.
On February 8, 1959, the Red Sox announced that they had Sisler signed for the 1959 season. After what was considered a "disappointing" season, he did not impress with his first outing in spring training, giving up two hits and five bases on balls in just two innings of work. Lack of pitching depth was a noted weakness for the Red Sox entering the season, with unpredictable youth and with hopes that Sisler could regain his previous level of success. Sisler opened the season slated as a relief pitcher with the idea that he would start in certain cases. In three relief appearances through April, he had a 6.75 ERA in 6⅔ inning pitched. Management decided that his performance along with a pitching staff that they considered inexperienced, Sisler and Ted Lepcio were traded to the Detroit Tigers on May 2 for starting pitcher Billy Hoeft.
Detroit Tigers.
Hoeft, who won 20 games for the Tigers in 1956, had continually under-performed since, and was noted for being in the manager's "doghouse"; however, "TimesDaily" sportswriter Hap Halbrooks commented, "I can't see where they (Tigers) gained a thing in this transaction." The Tigers had lost 15 of their first 17 games of the season before the trade and decided that changes were needed. In addition to the Sisler trade they fired manager Bill Norman and replaced him with Jimmy Dykes. These moves initially proved effective, sparking a winning game streak, which began by defeating the Yankees in both games of a doubleheader on May 3. Continuing their rebound, the Tigers faced the Red Sox next, winning two of three, and Sisler pitched a scoreless one-inning relief appearance against his former team on May 6. Used exclusively in relief, Sisler pitched in 32 games for the Tigers, winning one game against three losses and collected seven saves, which was seventh most in the AL, and he did not record an error.
Sisler returned to the Tigers for the 1960 season, and manager Dykes noted that he was not confident that his bullpen could help when needed, pointing to the previous season as a reference. The Tigers bullpen had won just nine games in 1959, but began 1960 with three straight victories, with Sisler pitching a scoreless two-inning appearance on April 22. His performance was considered a surprise, due to having a poor spring training. Although he pitched well in his first game of the season, he quickly lost his form, and by May 18, his ERA had risen to 5.06 and had a 1–2 record. It was at this point in the season that he began to turn his fortunes around and regained his effectiveness, and by August 12 he had lowered his ERA to 1.90. His season totals included a 2.47 ERA and a 7-5 win-loss record, both career bests, and added six saves in 80 innings pitched.
Washington Senators.
After the 1960 season, it was announced that the AL were going to create two new teams, one in Los Angeles and one in Washington, D. C. Although he was thought of as the Tigers' best reliever during the season, Sisler was listed by the Tigers as eligible for the 1960 Major League Baseball expansion draft. The draft occurred on December 14, 1960 and Sisler was selected by the Washington Senators with the fourth overall pick. The Senators received communication from several teams that were interested in Sisler, namely the Milwaukee Braves of the National League (NL) and the Athletics, but decided to trade their first pick in the expansion draft, Bobby Shantz, instead. New manager Mickey Vernon defined Sisler's role with the team before the season began, designating him as their top relief pitcher. Sisler felt slighted by the Tigers, having been left unprotected by the team, and had considered retiring from baseball, but ultimately decided to sign with the Senators.
Sisler was solid for much of the first half of the season, not allowing an earned run until May 19, and by June 5 he had an ERA of 0.74, a 1–0 record with seven saves. It was at the point that his effectiveness declined rapidly, allowing runs to score in four of his next five appearances. In a game against the Red Sox on June 18, he relieved starter Carl Mathias, and immediately gave up bases on balls to the first two batters he faced, which forced in two runs, then gave up a grand slam to Jim Pagliaroni. He followed with another base on balls, and was relieved without having recording an out. Over the course of the next couple months, with his ERA steadily rising, his playing time was lessened, making just six appearances in the month of July, and five in August. He made his last major league start on August 31 against the Tigers, giving up seven hits and six earned runs for the loss. In 45 total appearances in 1961, he had a 2–8 win-loss record and finished sixth in AL with 11 saves. On September 16, the Senators agreed to send $75,000 ($ current dollar adjustment) and a player to be named later to the Cincinnati Reds of the NL for pitcher Claude Osteen. To complete the transaction, Washington sent Sisler to the Reds as that player named on November 28.
Cincinnati Reds.
The Reds were the NL champions in 1961, and with the addition of Sisler, Dave Hillman, and Moe Drabowsky to ensure stability to their pitching staff in 1962, the team's management had high hopes of a return to the World Series. Sisler, who was expected to be used as a relief pitcher, joined a Reds team that already had his brother Dick, who was their first base coach. His father, still with Pittsburgh, mentioned that he was relieved that his son did not play in a recent series between the Pirates and Reds, recalling how the mixed emotions he felt when his elder son, Dick, helped defeat the Dodgers in an important game in 1950 by hitting a home run. The younger Sisler's season did not begin well; in his ten appearances by June 5, he allowed a run in all but three, and had a 4.97 ERA. On June 19, Sisler pitched a scoreless inning in victory against the Pirates, the time first time George watched his son pitch as an opponent. Although Sisler's season was a disappointment, he completed the season well, allowing just one earned run over the course of his final eight games, as well as earning the victory on September 23, his final major league appearance. His totals for the season included a 4–3 record, a 3.92 ERA, and one save in 43⅔ innings pitched.
For the coming 1963 season, manager Fred Hutchinson envisioned the same the role for Sisler, coming out of the bullpen with the idea that he would occasionally start. The Reds announced on February 9 that Sisler had signed for the 1963 season, although he did not make the Reds' NL club and was optioned to their class-AAA team, the San Diego Padres of the Pacific Coast League (PCL). In 35 games pitched for the Padres, he started six, had a 6–9 record and a 3.40 ERA in 90 innings. On March 18, 1964, it was announced that Sisler retired from baseball to join an Investment company.
Later life.
After his baseball career, Sisler became an executive with the investment firm A. G. Edwards for more than 30 years, reaching the level of vice-chairman. A. G. Edwards was a sponsor of a semi-professional baseball team located in St. Petersburg, Florida; when the "Stockbrokers" were invited to play in season-ending tournament to decide a champion, Sisler, a senior executive for the firm, denied the funding for the team, forcing them to decline if no other monies were raised. It was an unexpected decision considering that Sisler was former baseball player, but he didn't feel that A. G. Edwards was benefitting, with the costs of running the team becoming more than originally agreed to by contract.
In 2004, the possibility arose of his father's record of 257 hits in a season being surpassed by Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners. Living in Dallas, Texas at the time, Sisler and his son Dave followed Ichiro's progress throughout the season. Both had mixed feelings about the record chase; they were happy that George Sisler's name was being talked about and that people were re-discovering him as a player, but both were hoping that, if the record was not broken in 154 games, there would be an asterisk noting that it took Ichiro more games to achieve it. Ichiro finished the season with 262 hits, and the Mariners extended an invitation for the entire Sisler family to attend the celebration at Safeco Field. The younger Sisler was prevented by an emergency heart procedure from travelling to Seattle. Both remarked that the Mariners were a classy organization for extending the invitation. Sisler died on January 9, 2011 of prostate cancer at the age of 79 in St. Louis, Missouri. He was survived by his wife Janet, son and three grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9720771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720771" title="Rob Phillis">
Rob Phillis

Rob Phillis (born 27 April 1956) is a retired motorcycle road racer from Australia. He began his motorcycling career competing in dirt bike and motocross events before crossing over to road racing in 1974. He won the Australian Superbike and Australian Endurance title in 1987 and also won the Australian 1000cc title in 1989 riding a ZXR750 Kawasaki winning himself a sponsorship from Team Kawasaki Australia in the Superbike World Championship.
He began competing at the international level full-time, finishing third overall in and on a Kawasaki. In his career he totalled 4 wins, 23 other podiums, 3 poles and 6 fastest laps. He remained close friends with Aaron Slight, his team-mate at the time, and was Slight's first visitor following his near-fatal brain problem in 2000. Phillis retired from top-level racing in 1998 at the age of 42.

</doc>
<doc id="9720776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720776" title="College Girls">
College Girls

College Girls is a Channel 4 documentary series, first transmitted in the United Kingdom from 8 September 2002. The documentary followed the lives of six students who studied at St Hilda's College, Oxford, the last remaining single-sex college at the University of Oxford, between 1998 and 2001.
Background.
Series producer Anna Hall and director Kevin Sim, both former students at the university, developed the idea for the series. They felt a documentary should be made that would show the reality of life as a student at Oxford rather than the clichéd image seen in shows such as Brideshead Revisited. It was felt that choosing St Hilda’s would be of additional interest as it would allow "an examination of women at the beginning of the 21st century". The college was in the news due to controversial votes by the fellows as to whether it should retain its single-sex status. The college were concerned for the welfare of students involved in the project, and also feared that they may not be treated fairly by media coverage without any editorial control, but with the support of college fellow Sally Mapstone, permission was granted. The Channel 4 documentary team were allowed access to the college for up to 40 days per year.
The students.
The students featured in the series included:
Lucy Aitkins—Student who was ambitious to progress through the ranks of the Oxford Union. Was the primary focus of the second episode, which saw her elected as librarian, only to be stripped of the position through breaking the union’s policies on electioneering. Later elected union president and went on to become a Fulbright Scholar at Harvard University.
Natasha ("Tash") Etherington—Languages student from Crystal Palace, London. Admitted she didn’t set out to study at Oxford originally and rarely appeared at ease while studying at the college. She said her life felt "so much better in every way" whilst studying in Paris in her third year. Was the college’s LGBT representative.
Afshan Ghani—Medicine student from south Wales, of Pakistani origin. Appeared shy when in Oxford. The series saw her visit the poor village where her mother grew up in the Punjab. Took to wearing the hijab.
Ruth Hunt—The college’s JCR president. Came out as a lesbian during an interview in the college garden.
Laura Paskell-Brown—A socialist from the Manchester area, who studied Politics. First appears whilst selling the Socialist Worker magazine with her parents. Became embroiled in a storm of controversy surrounding her refusal to pay means-tested tuition fees, which were compulsory for the first time at English universities in 1998. Fell in love with a Conservative and got married in the final episode.
Reaction.
The series was filmed at a cost of £1m and was heavily promoted in the national press when first transmitted, as Channel 4’s flagship documentary series for the autumn season, and initially received strong praise. The Daily Telegraph commented that "a Hollywood scriptwriter would find it hard to improve on the unfolding storylines", and A. A. Gill rated the series as "one of the best documentaries of this type for years" in The Sunday Times.
However viewing figures were not as high as hoped and, despite the production team being delighted with the project at first, Channel 4 changed their attitude to the show once broadcasts were underway. Tim Gardam, head of programmes at Channel 4, told one of the students involved that the films "lacked life and were too mannered to do justice to the strength of character and interest (the production team) had been allowed to document". The channel shortened the series' run by skipping the fifth episode and instead transmitted the season finale on 6 October 2002.
Missing episode.
Channel 4 were heavily criticised for their decision not to transmit the fifth episode, which discussed with the students' sexualities and the latest poll on whether to admit male students and academics. Peter Dale, head of documentaries, denied that the decision was ratings-related, he said the episode was dropped because it was "a little bit pretentious" and felt the series may not have been delivering what the audience wanted. College principal Lady English said that the college was not informed of the decision prior to the series' end and felt the broadcaster owed the college and the film's participants "an explanation and an apology". She also suggested that the channel should have voiced their complaints about the fifth episode during editing, and not once the broadcast of the series was underway. Ruth Hunt discussed her sexuality on camera in the untransmitted episode and wrote to Channel 4 expressing her "hurt and disappointment" over the handling of the episode. Sally Mapstone felt that the episode that was skipped was key to the story, commenting "the irony is that, by censoring the one film where the girls talk most frankly about themselves, Channel 4 has skewed the whole emphasis of the series".
The decision not to edit the final episode left some plot elements confused- Laura was shown marrying her Conservative partner but their engagement was skipped in the fifth episode.
Perceptions of the university, Channel 4's attitude.
Sally Mapstone also said she feared the series’s cancellation was a response to the public perception of Oxford as elitist. Kevin Sim added that he felt that critics of the series were using the show as an excuse to "express their long-cherished hatred of Oxford as an elitist institution". He said it was brave of the network to invest in the series in 1998 but should have publicised it more.
The series was criticised by students in Oxford for appearing to depict an overly intense atmosphere throughout, and for being pre-occupied with scandals, rather than providing a balanced portrayal of life at the university, as it set out to do.
Sim added that the channel’s behaviour illustrated a shift from their previously highbrow aspirations and was now very risk-averse in reality: "The programmes were commissioned four years ago, before Channel 4's culture was stood on its head by Big Brother". He asked for his name to be removed from the credits of the final episode.

</doc>
<doc id="9720786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720786" title="McMath–Hulbert Observatory">
McMath–Hulbert Observatory

The McMath-Hulbert Solar Observatory is a decommissioned solar observatory in Lake Angelus, Michigan, USA. It was established in 1929 as a private observatory by father and son Francis Charles McMath and Robert Raynolds McMath and their friend, Judge Henry Hulbert. In 1932 the observatory was deeded to the University of Michigan which operated it until 1981, at which time it was sold into private ownership again.
In 1932 a reflector telescope was added to the observatory as well as a spectroheliokinematograph {"spectro-helio-kine-mato-graph"}. This instrument was designed to take motion pictures of the Sun. The McMath-Hulbert Solar Observatory is primarily known for the motion pictures that the McMaths made of various celestial phenomena, including the first movies of solar prominences in motion. Later work involved solar spectroscopy in the near infrared and participation in a solar flare patrol program in the 1950s.
Robert McMath and one of the resident astronomers, Keith Pierce, established the McMath-Pierce Solar Telescope at Kitt Peak Observatory near Tucson, Arizona in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="9720804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720804" title="Caprasia">
Caprasia

Caprasia was an ancient town of Bruttium, placed by the Itineraries on the road from Muranum to Consentia (modern Cosenza), and distant 28 miles from the latter city. (Itin. Ant. pp. 105, 110; Tab. Peut.) It is probably the modern Tarsia (in the Province of Cosenza, Calabria, Italy), on the left bank of the Crathis (modern Crati), about the required distance from Cosenza.

</doc>
<doc id="9720824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720824" title="Iowa Highway 110">
Iowa Highway 110

Iowa Highway 110 (Iowa 110) is a north–south state highway in northwestern Iowa. It is long. Iowa 110 begins at U.S. Route 20 (US 20) south of Schaller and ends in Storm Lake at Iowa Highway 7.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 110 begins at U.S. Route 20 south of Schaller. It heads north through Schaller and through northwest Sac County, crossing into Buena Vista County near mile marker 6. Three miles into Buena Vista County, Iowa 110 turns to the east at Buena Vista County Road C65 (CR C65). For , the route heads east, turning to the north again near the southwestern shore of Storm Lake. It continues north past the western shore for and negotiates an S-curve around the northwestern shore and into the city of Storm Lake. The highway ends at Iowa Highway 7 on the extreme western side of the city.
History.
Iowa Highway 110 was designated November 7, 1934 on an old segment of Primary Road No. 4. Through the city of Storm Lake, the route followed the northern shore of Storm Lake; it ended at U.S. Route 71 in the downtown area. By 1952, only the segment from U.S. Route 20 to Schaller was paved. By 1956, the entire route was paved. By 1970, Iowa 110 was rerouted away from the downtown area to its current western end.

</doc>
<doc id="9720846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720846" title="Fast for Life">
Fast for Life

International Fast For Life (IFFL) was a prolonged hunger strike in favor of nuclear disarmament that spawned the Fast For Life movement. The context of this event took place during an era of escalation of the U.S./Russian Cold War. Its purpose was to promote a redirection of international government efforts away from nuclear arms and toward feeding the poor. A poster for the event urged supportive participation in two events: a one-day fast on August 6 or 27, 1983 and a week-long fast beginning September 10, 1983. The core peace action culminated in August 1983 when participants in five countries began a fast on August 6, the anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and refused to end their fast until "only when negotiations at Geneva indicate that a halt will be called to the spread of nuclear weapons."
While the participants abstained from food, the protest event garnered major media coverage, commentaries, and open letters of both support and criticism, as well as inspired thousands of people around the world to fast and hold supportive demonstrations.
In objectives, the International Fast For Live movement is related to the Plowshares Movement. Each would rather the powers-that-be feed the world's inhabitants rather than harm them and they each hope to bring about the better world in which that occurs by inspiring others to care and polarize on the contrasting issues of nuclear disarmament vs. world hunger. Given the response around the world and recognition by several world leaders, it's apparent the IFFL's 1983 efforts were effective, to a degree. Before they even began their fast, one commentator, Arthur Hoppe of the San Francisco Chronicle said after hearing about it, that he'd already been inspired by the IFFL to join the one-day fast on August 6. "Admittedly, this is a minuscule accomplishment for them (having won over another ally) -- a tiny drop of oil on the storm-tossed ocean of world affairs. But if it were to be multiplied by a hundred, a thousand, a... Who knows? Our leaders might renounce their deadly geo-political games, beat their missiles into plowshares and war no more. Anyway, isn't it pretty to think so?"
For eight of the core participants, the fast ended after 40 days. Their decision to end there was made two days after Californian faster, Dorothy Granada had lost forty pounds and partial eyesight. Didier Mainguy ended his fast early, on the 30th day, after experiencing blood pressure problems. In Canada, however, participant Karen Harrison ended her fast on October 5th after a full 61 days, only when Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau conceded to meet with her to discuss nuclear disarmament. Former chancellor Willy Brandt also visited with the fasters in Bonn, where he pledged to seek immediate support from his Social Democratic Party to postpone deployment of missiles in Germany. West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl wrote the fasters, stating his appreciation of their goals. Kohl would later be prominently instrumental in the reunification of Germany and also, in cooperation with French President Mitterrand, with the later formation of the European Union. Given their shared peace agenda, it's no surprise that in France, two of President Mitterrand's ministers visited with the fasters in Paris on the 35th day of the fast with a letter from the President who agreed to meet with them after the fast ended.
Unfortunately, the IFFL hunger strike failed to elicit a supportive public response from either U.S. President Reagan or Russian Secretary Yuri Andropov. However, within less than a decade the world would see the Malta Summit and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, and in 1991, the official end of the Cold War that had lasted for almost half a century, as well as the US and Soviet Union signing the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty I, which set a framework for the reduction of U.S./Russian nuclear stockpiles.
In recognition of the widespread attention the fast brought to the issue of nuclear weapons disarmament, International Fast For Life was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. The direct result of the protests is not certain, but their legacy was a reinvigoration of the nuclear disarmament movement. Since then, unrelated protest actions have also referenced this event, such as Cesar Chavez' hunger strike that he called a "Fast For Life" in 1988, intended to draw attention to the harmful affects of pesticides on farm workers. The 1986 Veterans' Fast For Life protested U.S. President Ronald Reagan's pro-Contra policies in Central America. A more recent, similarly-titled event was the 2011 Darfur Fast For Life that called for a re-invigoration of international intervention against genocide in Darfur.
Roots of the 1983 International Fast For Life.
In December 1978, 180 people were on trial for twice entering and occupying the Trident submarine base at Bangor, Washington in May of that year. During the campaign, a fast moved many members of the British Columbia Parliament to support a resolution opposing Trident. Testimony to the power of fasting indicated to Charles Gray, one of the first three participants that would announce the 1983 fast, the power of fasting after he recognized the frustration that resulted following civil disobedience actions that were unproductive, since it allowed police to stop life-affirming action. The objective was to overcome the inability to put morality and sense above a death-promoting legal system, that being an escalating stockpile of nuclear weapons by governments around the world. Shortly afterwards, Gray, meditating in the Friends’ Meeting House in Eugene, Oregon, imagined a fast that he thought might have a chance of stopping the nuclear arms race – an international open-ended fast. The idea was so fraught with risk to life that he did nothing publicly for almost a year.
Finally, Gray concluded that the nuclear crisis of that time was so grave that people of peace may have to offer up their lives in an effort to prevent the continuation of the silent holocaust of world hunger and the impending holocaust of nuclear fire. These are the origins of the Fast For Life. With the help of colleagues a letter was circulated to about a hundred people in the peace movement. After a favorable response, a small group was formed in Eugene - the Nonviolent Tactics Development Project (NTDP). A pamphlet titled “First Step” was published so that others could gain experience for a major fast in the event that the nuclear arms race was not stopped by Hiroshima Day, August 6, 1983. In the fall of 1980, Solange Fernex, President of Women for Peace in France, and a founding member of France’s Green Party, adopted NTDP methods in Western Europe.
A 24-page guide to political fasting was produced in 1980 giving a brief history of political fasting, how fasts should be conducted, and how to organize for a political fast. There followed in June 1982 a Fast for Disarmament originating in Washington DC and aimed at the United Nations Special Session on Nuclear Disarmament in New York. At this time Gray and Granada met for the first time with Fernex. On June 19, 1982 the three announced that if the development, testing, production and deployment of nuclear weapons had not been stopped by the symbolic date of August 6, 1983, then they would begin an open-ended fast. Throughout this fast, designed to appeal to conscience, fasters would be guided by Gandhi’s principles of non-violence. In introducing the Fast, it was noted that the struggle for peace and justice requires that non-violent actions be commensurate with the evil faced, fasting being such an action. As with all non-violent methods, suffering is taken upon oneself and not imposed on the opponent. The Fast For Life is seen as an experiment in truth, seeking change through moral suasion.
Developments through August 6, 1983.
Preparations began in earnest following the June 1982 fast. The months through to the beginning of the Fast saw preparation among groups in many countries commencing one-day a week fasts or longer fasts while communicating as widely as possible to organizations, church leaders and individuals the approaching Fast’s commencement. For many, there was the important task of connecting the link between world hunger and the arms race. Besides support being established in the U.S., Solange Fernex traveled to Japan to attend the Conference Against A and H Bombs before visits to European countries and then to India for the Non-Aligned Nations Conference in March 1983 where disarmament, survival and co-existence in the age of nuclear weapons was a chief issue on the agenda. Endorsements came from many groups, including Clergy and Laity Concerned and the War Resisters League, but the American Friends Service Committee and Fellowship of Reconciliation would not endorse. In November 1982 Gray joined an international hunger strike in Comiso, Italy, the U.S. base for Pershing and Cruise missiles. Gray later traveled to Japan and New Zealand, countries that would become involved in the Fast For Life. In January 1983, Fast headquarters in the U.S. moved from Eugene, Oregon to San Francisco. From April 12–24 an international meeting was held at the Community of the Ark near Rodez, France. The tasks were to establish goals for the Fast and consider application from fasters. The international meeting adopted an “Appeal to people, institutions and governments to take action to stop the nuclear arms race”. By June 1983, Oakland and Paris had been chosen as the sites for the fasting centers. It was agreed that fasters, with advisers, would make their own decisions concerning continuation and termination to end his or her fast at any time, and would receive the full support of the Fast For Life. (In France the fast was called Jeûne pour la Vie.)
August 6, 1983.
Thousands of people had pledged to participate in support fasts from all over the world. While many fasted one day a week, others took upon themselves longer fasts, often three to 10 day fasts. While records are incomplete, to the best knowledge of organizers, there were more than 150 fasts in 24 countries around the world, mostly in North America and Europe, but also Japan and New Zealand. Communications were not possible to establish with East Germany, but reports from individuals in the Fast movement suggest that as many as 21 people were fasting there. In Italy alone, 44 support groups came into being to boost that country’s small peace movement. 86 groups were formed in France and a Fast For Life banner was hung at the Arc de Triomphe where 328 people were arrested – France’s largest civil disobedience action against nuclear weapons. Over 100 groups were born in West Germany. Former chancellor Willy Brandt visited with the fasters in Bonn and pledged to seek immediate support from his Social Democratic Party to postpone deployment of missiles in Germany. Chancellor Kohl wrote the fasters stating his appreciation of their goals. In France, two of President Mitterrand's ministers visited with the fasters in Paris on the 35th day of the fast with a letter from the President who agreed to meet with them after the fast ended. Didier Mainguy ended his fast on the 30th day after experiencing blood pressure problems. On September 13 - the 38th day of the Fast - Karen Harrison met with Pierre Trudeau in Ottawa. Trudeau received a list of proposals from the IFFL and stressed that he sincerely wanted a halt to the arms race. With supporters, Harrison also met with other administration officials as well as with embassy representatives of both the Soviet Union and the United States. On October 6, the 61st day, Harrison broke her fast recognizing that the Fast For Life could continue in other positive ways. In Scotland, an Open Letter was published urging a policy of international aid and bringing an end to the escalating arms race. The letter was signed by leaders of all the major churches in Scotland and handed in to the Queen at Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire, and Prime Minister Thatcher in London, as well as being sent to all members of parliament.
The end of the Fast.
By September, it was the opinion of many supporters that the Fast had made a significant contribution to the peace movement. By the 6th week, the presidents of the World Council of Churches and the U.S. National Council of Churches cabled and urged an end to the Fast, as did some congressmen. A message was sent to fasters from Rev. Philip Potter, General Secretary of the World Council of Churches, commending the life-affirming action having heard the testimonies of thousands from around the world. Part of the message read, “Your fasting has fed the solidarity of all who hunger for disarmament. In your weakness you have made us strong.” The message called on the fasters to end their fast, having “encouraged the representatives of the member churches of the World Council to commit themselves further in this way”. With doctors increasingly fearful, fasters at the three centers (Oakland, Bonn and Paris) decided on September 13 to end their fast September 15. Andrea Elukovich continued three more days. In early October, the French fasters were granted a two hour audience with President Mitterrand where they affirmed their opposition to nuclear buildup and testing in Polynesia. The final edition of “The Date Is Set” (November 1983) chronicled that French priest Joseph Pyronnet fasted for 15 days until October 18 when he held a press conference as bishops assembled for the Synod of Reconciliation. On October 30, Tom Siemer reported a letter he presented to the World Catholic Bishops’ Synod was read aloud by Cardinal Loerschreider of Brazil. The Synod adopted the terms of Tom’s letter by issuing a summary which condemned nuclear weapons, and signed by 15 Catholic communities around Rome. On October 24 in Stockholm, Sweden, significant blockades were held at the British, West German and Italian embassies following a day on non-violence training. Further actions also occurred throughout Europe in the months following the end of the fast. An international meeting was held in Lyon, France on September 24–25 1983, where two hundred people assembled. Acknowledging the power that fasting had shown, the gathering undertook to pursue the same aims; the moral pressure on governments to respond to the Fast’s appeals for greater justice in this shared world would be maintained until a reversal in the escalation of nuclear weapons occurs, and real attempts to confront the plight of the world’s hungry are made. Alan Burns, from the Scottish support group, agreed to act as international coordinator to maintain communications between participating countries. According to Alan Burns, this was continued through the summer of 1984, when an international gathering took place in Oxford, England on June 1-3 with about 20 people participating to assess the Fast’s effect.

</doc>
<doc id="9720848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720848" title="Summer Breeze (TV series)">
Summer Breeze (TV series)

Summer Breeze was a single episode pilot which originally aired in 1987 on the NBC television network.
"Summer Breeze" centered around the life of newlyweds Michael and Eve Wainwright. The couple were high school sweethearts finding married life difficult when an old flame went out of his way to make their life miserable in an effort to win the love of Eve, whom he had had a crush on for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="9720851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720851" title="Gleb Botkin">
Gleb Botkin

Gleb Evgenievich Botkin (1900 – December 1969) was the son of Dr. Eugene Botkin, the court physician who was murdered at Ekaterinburg by the Bolsheviks with Tsar Nicholas II and his family on July 17, 1918.
In later years, Botkin became a lifelong advocate of Anna Anderson, who claimed to be the surviving Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. DNA results later proved that she was an impostor called Franziska Schanzkowska.
In 1938 he founded his own neopagan church, The Church of Aphrodite, which was one of the earliest churches in the neopagan movement in the United States.
Early life.
He was the youngest son of Eugene Botkin and his wife, Olga. His parents divorced in 1910, when Botkin was a child of 10, due to his father’s demanding position at court and his mother’s affair with his German tutor, Friedrich Lichinger, whom she later married. Eugene Botkin retained custody of the children following the divorce. His older brother Dmitri was killed in action during World War I. As a child, he and his sister Tatiana played with the children of Nicholas II during holidays. He used to amuse the grand duchesses on holidays and when they were all in exile at Tobolsk with caricatures of pigs dressed in human clothing acting like stuffy dignitaries at court.
Botkin was described by one historian as "articulate, sensitive, with pallid skin and soulful green eyes" and as "a talented artist, a wicked satirist, and a born crusader."
Exile.
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the murder of his father, Botkin fled Tobolsk. He later spent a summer at a Russian Orthodox monastery and briefly considered becoming a priest, but decided against the religious life. He married Nadine Mandraji, widow of Ensign of the Dragoons regiment, nobleman Michael Nikolaevich Mandraji, who was the chevalier of the Order of St. George and was killed in battle in June 1915 at Grodno in Belarus. Two months later Nadine gave birth to their daughter Kira Mihailovna Mandraji (1915-2009). Nadine's father, nobleman Alexei Vladimirovich Konshin (1858-?), was the President of the Russian Bank of State from 1910-1914 and the President of the Russian Industry and Commerce Bank from 1914-1917. The Botkins emigrated first to Japan, then to France and after that to the United States. Botkin worked as a photo engraver and attended art classes at the Pratt Institute in New York City. Later, he earned his living as a novelist and illustrator.
Association with Anna Anderson.
Botkin first visited Anna Anderson in May 1927 at Seeon Abbey, where Anderson was a guest. Anderson had asked Botkin to bring along "his funny animals." Botkin wrote later that he immediately recognized Anderson as Anastasia because she shared memories of their childhood play.
Historian Peter Kurth wrote that Botkin tended to overlook some of the more unattractive aspects of Anderson's personality, such as her stubbornness and rapid changes in mood, or to view them as manifestations of her royal heritage.
"She was, to Gleb's way of thinking, an almost magically noble tragic princess, and he saw it as his mission to restore her to her rightful position by any means necessary," wrote Kurth in "Anastasia: The Riddle of Anna Anderson".
Botkin penned letters in support of Anderson to various Romanov family members, wrote books about her and the Romanovs, including "The Woman Who Rose Again," "The Real Romanovs," and "Lost Tales: Stories for the Tsar's Children," and arranged for Anderson's financial support throughout his life. He was Anderson's friend even when other supporters abandoned her.
Religious views.
Botkin, following his father’s murder, had considered becoming a priest, but he eventually turned away from the Russian Orthodox Church. Botkin eventually turned his interest in religion towards his own nature-based religion, which he started first in Long Island, New York and later in Charlottesville, Virginia. His church was called the Church of Aphrodite. Botkin was of the opinion that patriarchal society had caused many of the problems plaguing humankind. "Men!" he once said. "Just look at the mess we've made!" 
His church drew from ancient pagan rituals and from some of the tenets of the Old Believers, a rebel branch of the Russian Orthodox Church who had separated after 1666 -1667 from the hierarchy of the church as a protest against liturgical reforms introduced by Patriarch Nikon. Anderson never joined his church but did not object when Botkin finished his letters to her with this prayer: "May the Goddess bestow Her tender caress on Your Imperial Highness's head."
Botkin had argued his case before the New York State Supreme Court in 1938 and won the right to an official charter for the religion. The judge told him, "I guess it’s better than worshipping Mary Baker Eddy." His wife, whom he doted on, converted to his church in later life.
Botkin held regular church services in front of a statue of Aphrodite, the ancient Greek goddess of love, and presided over them dressed in the regalia of an archbishop. The female symbol, a cross inside of a circle representing Aphrodite, was embroidered on his headdress. He later published a book, at his own expense, arguing that Aphrodite was the supreme deity and creation had been much like a woman giving birth to the universe.
Botkin told a reporter for "The Cavalier Daily," the student newspaper at the University of Virginia at Charlottesville, that his religion pre-dated Christianity. With Christianity, he said, "you have the dilemma of either following the straight and narrow path and going to Heaven or having fun on earth and going to Hell." On the other hand, he said that his "Aphrodisian religion" was based on "truth and reality. Anything true will survive. Life itself is the blossoming of love, and love is the basis of goodness and happiness." He thought his church would expand in coming years.
The student newspaper reporter commented on Botkin's "unorthodox" beliefs regarding sexual relations between men and women. Botkin believed that it was inappropriate for a man to react to his wife's affair with the rage that was expected by society: "A woman falls in love with another man. All that is necessary is to let her have her fling. After that she is often a better wife and mother. It is like a person who loves to play Bach and suddenly wants to play Beethoven." One historian commented that Botkin's church "was a curious faith, to be sure," but "the Church of Aphrodite was not nearly so wanton as it sounds."
The church did not continue long after Botkin's death from a heart attack in December 1969, but some of his followers went on to join neopagan movements with beliefs drawing from the Church of Aphrodite.
DNA used to identify father’s remains.
Botkin and his wife had four children, daughter Marina and sons Nikita, Peter, and Yevgeny (Eugene). He also had a stepdaughter, Kyra. His daughter Marina Botkina Schweitzer's DNA was later used to help identify the remains of her grandfather, Eugene Botkin, after they were exhumed in 1991 from a mass grave discovered in Ganina Yama near Ekaterinburg. Schweitzer's DNA was compared against the DNA of her maternal half-sister Kyra, who also gave a blood sample, to help scientists isolate the DNA Schweitzer shared in common with her grandfather. This enabled scientists to create a "Botkin DNA profile" and use it to positively identify Dr. Botkin. Scientists in the early 1990s were unable to identify Dr. Botkin using mitochondrial DNA, or DNA that is passed down from mother to child, as they used it to identify the Romanovs. Schweitzer was descended from Dr. Botkin in the paternal line and didn't share mitochondrial DNA with her father and grandfather. 
Schweitzer later expressed scepticism about the DNA results proving that Anna Anderson could not have been the Grand Duchess Anastasia.

</doc>
<doc id="9720862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720862" title="Birach Broadcasting Corporation">
Birach Broadcasting Corporation

Birach Broadcasting Corporation is a Southfield, Michigan-based company that owns several AM radio stations and one low-power television (LPTV) station in the US. Many stations in the Birach portfolio run ethnic broadcasting. The company is 100 percent owned by its president and CEO Sima Birach.

</doc>
<doc id="9720870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720870" title="The Best of Yolanda Adams">
The Best of Yolanda Adams

The Best Of Yolanda Adams is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="9720871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720871" title="Underneath the Lintel">
Underneath the Lintel

Underneath the Lintel is a play by Glen Berger that premièred in 2001. The sole character—the Librarian—embarks on a quest to find out who anonymously returned a library book that is 113 years overdue. A clue scribbled in the margin of the book and an unclaimed dry-cleaning ticket then take him on a mysterious adventure that spans the globe and the ages.
Plot synopsis.
The play begins with the Librarian appearing on stage, which is sparsely furnished with a whiteboard and marker pens, a magnetic bulletin board, and a table. The Librarian carries with him a battered suitcase. He informs the audience that he is giving a lecture for only one day about a discovery he has made.
The Librarian then opens his suitcase and begins to show the audience what he calls his "scraps": pieces of evidence each marked with numbered tags that provide evidence of a person whose identity is gradually revealed over the course of the play.
He starts with a copy of a Baedeker travel guide that was anonymously returned 113 years overdue to the library in the small Dutch town where he used to work. Tracking down the loan records of the book, he finds that the book was borrowed by one "A." who provided a post office box as his address. Inside the book, he finds a 73-year-old dry-cleaning ticket for an unclaimed piece of clothing in a London laundry shop. Intrigued, he takes leave from work to visit London. He finds that the laundry shop is still in business and, using the ticket, redeems a pair of trousers that has not been cleaned because of its poor condition.
Eventually, the audience learns that the person to whom all of the Librarian's items relate may be Ahasuerus the Wandering Jew, a mythical figure from medieval Christian folklore.
Production history.
"Underneath the Lintel" was first produced in 2001 in Los Angeles by The Actors' Gang theatre company. Brent Hinkley directed and Brian T. Finney played the Librarian. It was produced later that same year in New York at the Soho Playhouse. Scott Morfee, Tom Wirtshafter and Dana Matthow were the producers, with Randy White directing. The play ran for 450 performances, and was voted among the Top Ten Plays of the Year by "Time Out NY" magazine. T. Ryder Smith played the Librarian, and received a Drama Desk Award nomination that year as Outstanding Solo Performer.
The Canadian premiere was produced in Edmonton by Shadow Theatre in 2002. The play received an Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Award as the outstanding production of the year, as well as awards for actor Andy Curtis and director James DeFelice.
The Seattle premiere was at the Empty Space Theatre in March 2003 starring Todd Jefferson Moore.
The Metropolitan Baltimore-Washington premier was at Round House Theatre in July 2003 directed by Jane Beard starring Jerry Whiddon.
Orlando Theatre Project presented the US southeastern premiere of this play in May 2004, featuring Kristian Truelsen as the Librarian and directed by Doug Truelsen. The play received a 2005 production at the George Street Playhouse in New Brunswick, New Jersey, with US actor Richard Schiff as the Librarian. It was then staged again at Indiana Repertory Theatre in Indianapolis, Indiana, between 21 March and 6 May 2006. Robert K Johansen played The Librarian, directed by John Green.
First Presbyterian Theater of Fort Wayne, Indiana produced "Lintel" at the end of its 2005-2006 season in July 2006 with Joel D. Scribner as the Librarian, directed by Thom Hofrichter.
The Irish premiere was produced by Landmark Productions in September 2006 as part of the Dublin Fringe Festival, directed by Joshua Edelman and starring Philip O'Sullivan, receiving nominations for Best Production and Best Male Performer in the festival. 
The production subsequently played at the Assembly Rooms as part of the 2010 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Schiff reprised the role at the Duchess Theatre in London's West End from 7 February to 31 March 2007. This production was directed by Maria Mileaf. A radio version of the play, performed by Richard Schiff, was broadcast by BBC Radio 4 on 5 January 2008.
The eastern Canadian premiere of the play opened at the 2007 Fringe Festival of Toronto at the Factory Theatre in July 2007. The performance was produced by the Book Productions and Celeste Sansregret and starred Canadian actor John D. Huston as the Librarian.
In the winter of 2013, Kingbaby Productions mounted the play on Bowen Island, British Columbia starring David Cameron as the Librarian.
Original off-Broadway director Randy White directed a new production of the play in Bloomington, Indiana in May 2013 for his company, Cardinal Stage Company, starring Mike Price as the Librarian.
In May 2013, Duncan Henderson played the role of the Librarian in a production directed by D. James Newton in Brighton, UK.
In 2013, Mick Mize played the role of the librarian in a production performed at the Live Oak Theater in Berkeley, CA.
In 2013, the American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco presented David Strathairn as the Librarian.
Publication.
"Underneath the Lintel" is published by Broadway Play Publishing Inc. in both the original version and one in which The Librarian is female.

</doc>
<doc id="9720887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720887" title="TRFC">
TRFC

TRFC may refer to:
In association football (soccer):
In rugby union:

</doc>
<doc id="9720893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720893" title="Colt 2000">
Colt 2000

The Colt 2000 or All American 2000 is a polymer or aluminum-alloy framed, locked-breech, rotary bolt, semiautomatic 9 mm handgun with a magazine capacity of 15 rounds manufactured by Colt. Designed by C. Reed Knight and Eugene Stoner, as Colt's entry into the marketplace of the high-capacity polymer framed handguns of the early 1990s; it was believed by Colt that this pistol would recapture their stake in the police market as Police Departments across the United States switched from double-action revolvers to semiautomatic pistols. It was hoped that sales of this pistol might save the troubled company from bankruptcy on the heels of recovering from the UAW labor strike.
History.
The Colt All American 2000 was introduced at the 1991 Shooting Hunting and Outdoor Trade Show (SHOT Show). It had been a joint venture between Reed Knight and Eugene Stoner of Knight's Armament over a period of several years. Once the design was handed off to Colt, the two designers had little input regarding the final design.
Reed and Knight specified that the pistol should have a 6-pound trigger pull. Colt increased this to 12 pounds and extended the barrel and length of the grip frame. The Colt 2000 was made from parts produced by an outside vendor and assembled in the company's West Hartford facility.
Despite the innovations and bearing the Colt name, the pistol was plagued with reports of inaccuracy and unreliability, and suffered from the poor publicity of having to be recalled in 1993. The massive product launch failed and production of the All American 2000 ended in 1994. Colt's President Ron Whitaker stated that sales volume was not sufficient for production to remain economical.
Colt historian, Rick Sapp, has called the pistol "one of the most embarrasing failures in the company's history." Massad Ayoob was particularly critical of the design calling it "sad and ugly with pathetic accuracy".
Design.
The Colt 2000's internal workings were based on older firearms designs from the early twentieth century. The rotating barrel, for example, was based on that of the Steyr 1912 and the roller-locking mechanism was based on a design used by the French "Manufacture d'Armes et des Cycles de Saint-Etienne" since 1914. These features allow the barrel and slide to work as a unit moving to the rear until the barrel lug rotates into the cam-block and stops. The barrel lugs then align to allow the slide to continue its travel to the rear and extraction and ejection of the spent round occurs. The pistol breaks down into seven major parts for disassembly. Unlike most other polymer-framed handguns, the All-American 2000 had removable grip panels.
An aluminum framed version of the pistol with wooden grips was made in addition to the polymer framed version and both are sought after by collectors of Colt Firearms because of the low numbers produced during their short production run.

</doc>
<doc id="9720901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720901" title="George Garzone">
George Garzone

George Garzone (born September 23, 1950) is a saxophonist and jazz educator residing in Boston.
Saxophonist George Garzone is a member of The Fringe, a jazz trio founded in 1972 that includes bassist John Lockwood and drummer Bob Gullotti, that performs regularly in the Boston area and has toured world wide. The group has released several albums. Garzone has appeared on over 20 recordings. He began on the tenor saxophone when he was six, played in a family band and attended music school in Boston. In addition Garzone has guested in many situations, touring Europe with Jamaaladeen Tacuma and performing with Danilo Perez, Joe Lovano, Jack DeJohnette, Rachel Z, Bob Weir and Ratdog and John Patitucci
Biography.
Garzone is also a jazz educator, teaching at the Berklee College of Music, New England Conservatory, Longy School of Music, New York University and The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music. He has pioneered the triadic chromatic approach and students of his have included Joshua Redman, Branford Marsalis, Mindi Abair, Teadross Avery, Luciana Souza, Mark Turner, Donny McCaslin, Doug Yates and Danilo Pérez.
In 1995 he recorded a tribute to Stan Getz on NYC called "Alone; Four's and Two's" followed a year later with compatriot Joe Lovano which earned him four stars in Downbeat magazine, and in 1999 Garzone returned with Moodiology. Fringe in New York was released in summer 2000. He is a member of the Grammy-winning Joe Lovano Nonet, and performed and recorded with this group at the Village Vanguard in September 2002.
B.M., Berklee College of Music - Performances with the Fringe, Kenny Barron, Harvie Swartz, Dan Gottlieb, John Patitucci, Bill Stewart, Jamaaladeen Tacuma, Tom Harrell, Don Alias, Danilo Perez, Lenny White, Joe Lovano, Marvin "Smitty" Smith, Gary Peacock, Dennis Chambers, Anton Fig, Cecil McBee, Dave Holland, Stanley Cowell, Bob Moses, and Dave Liebman. Records on NYC Records.
Reviews of Garzone's CD "Four’s and Two’s":
"...Part of the fun is contrasting Garzone's and Lovano's approaches to the material, made up largely of Garzone compositions and vehicles for blowing...Listeners who investigate FOUR'S AND TWO'S to hear Lovano will carry away a new or renewed appreciation of Garzone's strengths as well..." 
"This is an aggressive recording...But the aggressive character lies not so much in aggression as in a joyful refusal to let any element of the music stand unchallenged..." 
In George Garzone’s case, Coltrane has never been far afield from his own voice. With his band (of 25 years), The Fringe, he exercised the more free improvisational aspects of Coltrane. As a sideman to Danilo Perez, Joe Lovano, George Russell, Gunther Schuller, Rachel Z, Jack DeJohnette, Billy Hart, and even Jamaaladeen Tacuma I always heard the Coltrane spirit in his playing. Garzone has always possessed an expansive warm tone that moves from inside to out-jazz with relative ease. Like Trane, his music resonates from what must be a warm and beautiful soul. ~ Mark Corroto, allaboutjazz.com
Performances with prominent artists.
Saxophonists: George Adams (musician), Jerry Bergonzi (NEC Faculty), Michael Brecker, Kenny Brooks, Claire Daly, Kenny Garrett, Dave Liebman, Joe Lovano, Tony Malaby, Joshua Redman, James Spaulding, Stan Strickland, Frank Tiberi, Steve Wilson
Trumpet players: Randy Brecker, Tom Harrell, Eddie Henderson, Ingrid Jensen, John McNeil (NEC Faculty), Tiger Okoshi, Herb Pomeroy (Berklee Faculty), Barry Ries
Trombonists: Bob Brookmeyer (NEC Faculty), Hal Crook
Pianists: Kenny Barron, Ran Blake (NEC Faculty), Joanne Brackeen, Jaki Byard, Joey Calderazzo, Chick Corea, Stanley Cowell, David Kikoski, Bevan Manson, John Medeski, (NEC Alum), Alan Pasqua, Danilo Pérez (NEC Faculty), Kenny Werner, Rachel Z (NEC Alum)
Guitarists: John Abercombrie, Mick Goodrick, Chuck Loeb, Ben Monder (NEC Faculty), Wolfgang Muthspiel, Martin Taylor, Barry Wedgle, David White
Drummers/Percussionists: Don Alias, Jeff Ballard, Brian Blade, Gary Chaffee (NEC faculty), Dennis Chambers, Jack DeJohnette, Peter Erskine, Al Foster, Bob Gullotti, Billy Hart, Roy Haynes, Elvin Jones, Mel Lewis, Mike Mainieri (Vibes), Rakalam Bob Moses, Buddy Rich, Mickey Roker, George Schuller (NEC Alum), Steve Smith, Jerry Steinhilber, Bill Stewart, Lenny White, Can Kozlu
Bassists: Ron Carter, Ray Drummond, Eddie Gomez, Larry Grenadier, Dave Holland (former NEC Faculty), Dennis Irwin, Marc Johnson, John Lockwood (NEC Faculty), Cecil McBee, Christian McBride, John Patitucci, Gary Peacock, Ed Schuller (NEC Alum), Harvie S, Miroslav Vitous (former NEC Faculty), Reggie Workman
Composers/Conductors: Gil Evans, Gunther Schuller, Lello Molinari
Ensembles: The Carla Bley Big Band, Gil Evans Orchestra, The Fringe (with John Lockwood and Bob Gullotti), George Russell and the In Living Time Orchestra, The Joe Lovano Nonet, Medeski, Martin and Wood, Orange Then Blue, The Woody Herman Band
Non-jazz artists: Aerosmith, Musica Viva (Tribute to Kurt Weill), The Dells, Extreme, Aretha Franklin, Engelbert Humperdinck (singer), Tom Jones, Gladys Knight, Liberace, New Kids on The Block, Elvis Presley, The Temptations, Rodney Dangerfield, Ratdog
Notable students.
Saxophone/Woodwinds: Teodross Avery, Seamus Blake, Kenny Brooks, Chris Cheek, Dino Govoni, Branford Marsalis, Donny McCaslin, Bill McHenry, Andrew Rathbun, Joshua Redman, Scott Robinson, Walter Smith III, Chris Speed, Marcus Strickland, Mark Turner, Ken Vandermark, Doug Yates
Bruce Barth, piano, Damian Draghici, pan flute, Danilo Perez, piano, Antonio Sanchez, drums, Luciana Souza, voice, John Sullivan, bass, Chris Wood, bass, Manuel Valero, piano, Norm Zocher, guitar Christopher Crocco guitar

</doc>
<doc id="9720908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720908" title="Saison (disambiguation)">
Saison (disambiguation)

Saison is a type of beer.
Saison may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9720912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720912" title="Diána Póth">
Diána Póth

Diana Poth (born 6 August 1981 in Budapest) is a Hungarian figure skater who also competed for Austria. She is a two-time Karl Schäfer Memorial silver medalist and a two-time Hungarian national champion.
Career.
Póth began figure skating at the age of four to combat her nerves. Her first coach was Tamara Teglassy, with whom she was most successful as a junior. After the 1998 Worlds Championships, where she finished 10th, she switched coaches and began to train with Andras Szaraz and Eszter Jurek. Póth achieved her best result, 4th, at a European Championships in 1999.
Póth won two Hungarian national titles in 1999 and 2000. She competed in the Austrian Championships in 2002.
After a couple of injuries, Póth switched coaches again and began training with Jeranjak Ipakjan and Gurgen Vardanjan. In April 2007, Poth retired from competition. She began coaching at a Cardiff skating club. One of her students won the junior national championship.
Personal life.
Póth moved to Austria in 2001 and returned to Hungary in October 2002. Her mother is Austrian. Her father was a hockey player.
Póth is married to professional footballer Gábor Gyepes.

</doc>
<doc id="9720946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720946" title="Andrej Šeban">
Andrej Šeban

Andrej Šeban, born in Bratislava on June 23, 1962, is a well-known Slovak jazz fusion guitarist.
As a child, Andrej took piano lessons from la Polakova. In 1977 he had classical guitar lessons from Pavel Malovec, which helped him to become a member of the pop band "Nervy" the same year. He also studied music with professor Boris Thurzo. Andrej was in the jazz rock band "Miting" during 1978 and 1979. From 1980 to 1983 he was member of the band "Demikát", and from there until 1986 he was musicology department faculty at Comenius University. In 1986 Andrej wrote the score for the film "Salty Candies". 
From the University, Andrej became a member of the Army Artistic Ensemble, where he met Richard Müller and became co-leader of the pop band Banket until 1990. He was also in Peter Lipa's Combo until 1989. From then until 1993, Andrej played with the fusion band "Tutu". With the "ASH Band" Andrej toured England in 1993. From 1992 to 1995 he was with the band "Provisorium", also. 
Back with Peter Lipa, in 1996 Andrej and Peter formed the "Lipa-Seban Band" which toured England, Portugal and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="9720950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720950" title="Prince Mirko of Montenegro">
Prince Mirko of Montenegro

Prince Mirko Dimitri Petrović-Njegoš of Montenegro, Grand Voivode of Grahovo and Zetà (17 April 1879 – 2 March 1918) was born at Cetinje, the second son of King Nicholas I of Montenegro and Milena Vukotic. Prince Mirko predeceased his father and his elder brother Crown Prince Danilo.
Marriage.
On 25 July 1902, in Cetinje, Prince Mirko married Natalija Konstantinović (Trieste, 10 October 1882 - Paris, 21 August 1950), daughter of Alexander Konstantinović and wife Milena Opuić, paternal granddaughter of Aleksandar Konstantinović and (m. 1842) Princess Anka Obrenović (1 April 1821 - murdered, Belgrade, 10 June 1868), daughter of Jevrem Obrenović (1790 - 20 September 1856), younger brother of Miloš Obrenović I, Prince of Serbia, and wife (m. 1816) Thomanija Bogicević (1796 - 13 June 1881).
The couple had five sons before divorcing in 1917:
Their eldest surviving son Prince Michael of Montenegro, succeeded Mirko in the Montenegrin royal succession and would become head of the House of Petrović-Njegoš and pretender to the Montenegrin throne.
Serbian throne.
As Prince Mirko's wife was the granddaughter of Alexander Constantinović, who had married in 1842 Anka (Anna) Obrenovic, a member of the Serbian House of Obrenović, it was agreed with the Serbian Government that Prince Mirko would be proclaimed Crown Prince of Serbia in the event that the marriage of King Alexander and Draga Mašin was childless.
Mirko lost his chance to succeed to the Serbian throne in 1903, due to the assassination of Alexander and Draga and the resulting conferral of the crown upon Peter Karađorđević, his brother-in-law. However in 1911 he joined the Black Hand "Unity or Death" secret society which sought the unification of all Serbs in the Balkans, especially those under Austria-Hungary, and was determined to become the society's unified leader.
Death.
Mirko divorced his wife in 1917 and moved from Paris to Vienna where he died in 1918. Following his death, his ten-year-old son Prince Michael of Montenegro was raised in Paris by his mother and the residual members of the exiled Montenegrin Royal Family. In 1921 following the death of King Nikola I of Montenegro and shortly afterwards by the abdication of Crown Prince Danilo, the thirteen-year-old Prince Michael of Montenegro became the head of the Petrović-Njegoš house, albeit initially under a regency.

</doc>
<doc id="9720958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9720958" title="Muranum">
Muranum

Muranum, was an ancient town of the interior of Lucania, the name of which is not found in any ancient author; but its existence is proved by the Itinerary of Antoninus, which places a station "Summurano", evidently a corruption of "Sub Murano", on the road from Nerulum to Consentia (modern Cosenza); and this is confirmed by the inscription found at La Polla (ancient Forum Popilii), which gives the distance from that place to Muranum at 74 M.P. It is, therefore, evident that Muranum must have occupied the same site as the modern town of Morano Calabro (in the Province of Cosenza, Calabria, Italy), on a considerable hill, at the foot of which still runs the high road from Naples to Reggio di Calabria, and where was situated the station noticed in the Itinerary. Near it are the sources of the river Coscile, the ancient Sybaris. (Itin. Ant. pp. 105, 110; Orell. "Inscr." 3308; Romanelli, vol. i. p. 387.)

</doc>
<doc id="9721014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721014" title="Solange Fernex">
Solange Fernex

Solange Fernex was a French pacifist activist and politician, born on 15 April 1934 at Strasbourg, France, and died from cancer on 11 September 2006, at Biederthal, France.
She led Europe-Ecologie list for the first European elections in 1979. This list got 4.39% of votes, with a total of 888,134 votes.
In 1983, she participated in the Fast for Life, fasting 40 days in Paris for nuclear disarmament.
In 1984 she participated in the foundation of the Green Party.
She received in September 2000, for her resistance against nuclear weapons, the Nuclear-Free Future Award.
She was married to physician and social activist Michel Fernex.

</doc>
<doc id="9721015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721015" title="Instant Sunshine (disambiguation)">
Instant Sunshine (disambiguation)

Instant Sunshine can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721018" title="Associação Atlética Iguaçu">
Associação Atlética Iguaçu

Associação Atlética Iguaçu, usually known simply as Iguaçu, is a Brazilian football team from the city of União da Vitória, Paraná state, founded on August 15, 1971. The club won the Campeonato Paranaense Second Division twice, in 1987 and in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9721026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721026" title="Todd McShay">
Todd McShay

Todd Marshall McShay (born March 22, 1977) is an American football television analyst and commentator. 
McShay is a native of Swampscott, Massachusetts and played quarterback for Swampscott High School (1991–1994). 
In 1999, he graduated from the University of Richmond with a B.A. and served as backup quarterback before an injury to his back ended his college career. After his injury he worked as an undergraduate assistant football coach at the University of Richmond before landing an internship with Gary Horton in 1998. Following graduation, McShay worked full-time for "The War Room", (1999–2006) a start-up publication created by former NFL scout Gary Horton. He joined ESPN in 2006 as a football analyst, providing in-depth scouting information on college football players across the country. He makes regular appearances on a number of ESPN programs, including ESPNU Coaches Spotlight, "SportsCenter", and ESPN Radio focusing on the NFL Draft. He is often featured alongside ESPN college football analyst Mel Kiper, Jr. 

</doc>
<doc id="9721034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721034" title="SM U-2 (Germany)">
SM U-2 (Germany)

SM "U-2" was a German U-boat built for the Imperial German Navy. Only one of the type, sometimes called German Type U 2 submarine, was built. "U-2" was ordered from Kaiserliche Werft of Danzig on 4 March 1906, launched on 18 June 1908, and commissioned into the Imperial German Navy on 18 July 1908. She conducted no war patrols and spent World War I as a training platform.
After Germany's surrender, she was decommissioned on 19 February 1919 and sold for shipbreaking to Stinnes on 3 February 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="9721045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721045" title="Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1982">
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1982

This is a list of Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1982.
All members elected to the Assembly at the 1982 election are listed. Members are grouped by party.
The Social Democratic and Labour Party and Sinn Féin members did not take their seats in the Assembly and the Ulster Unionist Party members boycotted the Assembly for five months during 1984.
Subsequent changes of party or allegiance.
A considerable number of MPAs, mainly Unionist, subsequently left or were expelled from their respective parties. Of UUP members, Jeffrey Donaldson joined the DUP in 2004 after a short spell as an Independent Unionist. Agnew became an Independent Unionist. Bleakes joined the Conservatives but later became an Independent Unionist, while Dunlop took the opposite route, moving to Independent Unionist and then Conservative. McCartney stood as a Real Unionist in 1987 before forming the United Kingdom Unionists in 1995, where he was joined by Vitty who joined from the DUP. Kirkpatrick joined the DUP, rejoined the UUP before again switching to the DUP. 
Of DUP members, Allister, Beattie, Calvert, Foster, Graham, Kane and McKee all later quit the party. Seawright (who was expelled from the DUP) Beattie and Graham were subsequently re-elected under different 'Protestant' or 'Protestant Unionist' labels. Davis and Thompson subsequently joined the UUP. In the case of the latter, this was after a spell as an Independent Unionist and he later quit the UUP to rejoin the DUP. 
O'Hare quit the SDLP in January 1986 over the party's support for the Anglo-Irish Agreement. Sorley left the SDLP in the late 80s following a row over her acceptance of the M.B.E. and was re-elected to Magherafelt council in 1989 as an Independent.
Currie of the S.D.L.P. and Cushnahan of Alliance later became involved in Southern Irish politics and were elected for Fine Gael.

</doc>
<doc id="9721053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721053" title="The Appraisal Foundation">
The Appraisal Foundation

The Appraisal Foundation (TAF) is a non-profit organization established in 1987 with stated purpose of advancing professional valuation. The Foundation is overseen by the Appraisal Subcommittee (ASC), a subcomittee of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC). The ASC is charged with the responsibility of overseeing the Foundation, which ""is a private, not-for-profit corporation charged by XI of FIRREA with the responsibility of establishing, improving and promoting minimum uniform appraisal standards and appraiser qualifications criteria"".
Headquartered in Washington, DC, the Foundation is directed by a 24-member Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees appoints members to and provides financial support and oversight of the three independent Boards: the Appraisal Practices Board (APB), the Appraiser Qualifications Board (AQB), and the Appraisal Standards Board (ASB). The mission statement of the Foundation is 
Appraisal practice in the US is regulated by the various states. TAF's Appraisal Standards Board (ASB) promulgates and updates best practices as codified in the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP), and TAF's Appraisal Qualifications Board (AQB) promulgates minimum standards for appraiser certification and licensing. The federal government does not regulate appraisers directly, but does so indirectly, because if the Appraisal Subcommittee (ASC) finds that a particular state's appraiser regulation and certification program is inadequate (i.e., it doesn't meet ASB and AQB standards), then under federal regulations all appraisers in that state would no longer be eligible to do appraisals for use by federally chartered banks. Banks make widespread use of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, and would be unable to do so without appraisals.
History.
In the early 1980s, the crisis in the savings and loan industry highlighted the need to improve appraisal practices throughout the United States. The difficulties and losses experienced by many lending institutions illustrated the importance of ensuring that appraisals are based upon established, recognized standards, free from outside pressures. 
In 1986, nine leading professional appraisal organizations in the United States and Canada to form the Ad Hoc Committee on the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. These nine groups were:
Agreeing upon a generally accepted set of standards, the eight United States committee members adopted those standards and thereafter established The Appraisal Foundation in 1987 to implement the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. The Appraiser Qualifications Board was included in the Foundation structure to develop and promote meaningful criteria by which the competence of appraisers could be measured. The Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice was adopted by the Appraisal Standards Board of the Foundation on January 30, 1989 and is recognized throughout the United States as the generally accepted standards of professional appraisal practice. 
The work of the Foundation is important to all disciplines of the appraisal profession as well as to the consumer public. The work of the Foundation benefits the appraisal profession by functioning to increase the quality of appraisals and by addressing issues critical to the advancement professional valuation. Users of appraisal services and consumers can feel confident that the Foundation is working to serve their needs and help protect their financial well-being. 
The Appraisal Foundation is composed of other organizations. There are no individual members of the Foundation. Today, through Sponsoring Organizations and Advisory Councils, over one hundred organizations, corporations and government agencies are affiliated with The Appraisal Foundation.
Foundation Boards.
The work of the Foundation is accomplished by three independent Boards: The Appraiser Qualifications Board, the Appraisal Standards Board and the Appraisal Practices Board.
The Appraiser Qualifications Board (AQB) establishes the qualification criteria for state licensing, certification and recertification of appraisers. FIRREA mandates that all state certified appraisers must meet the minimum education, experience and examination requirements promulgated by the AQB. The AQB has also developed voluntary criteria for personal property appraisers. 
The Appraisal Standards Board (ASB) establishes the rules for developing an appraisal and reporting its results. In addition, it promotes the use, understanding and enforcement of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP) as required by FIRREA. 
The Appraisal Practices Board (APB) was formed by Board of Trustees in 2010. The APB is charged with the responsibility of identifying and issuing opinions on recognized valuation methods and techniques, which may apply to all disciplines within the appraisal profession. The APB offers voluntary guidance in topic areas in which appraisers and users of appraisal services feel are the most needed. Compliance with all guidance issued by the APB is entirely voluntary.
Sponsors.
Much of the work of The Appraisal Foundation is supported through the professional input and financial assistance of Sponsoring Organizations. The Appraisal Foundation has three types of Sponsors:
• Appraisal Sponsors are non-profit organizations serving appraisers.
• Affiliate Sponsors are non-profit organizations serving those with an interest in appraisal, primarily the users of appraisal services
• International Sponsors are non-profit or non-stock organizations based outside of the United States with an interest in valuation
The Appraisal Foundation offers its sincere gratitude to all of these organizations for their professional and financial support.
Appraisal Sponsors
American Society of Appraisers
American Society of Farm Managers & Rural Appraisers
Appraisers Association of America
Columbia Society of Real Estate Appraisers
Instituto de Evaluadores de Puerto Rico
International Association of Assessing Officers
International Right of Way Association
Massachusetts Board of Real Estate Appraisers
National Association of Independent Fee Appraisers
Affiliate Sponsors
American Bankers Association 
Farm Credit Council 
National Association of Realtors
International Sponsor
Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors

</doc>
<doc id="9721077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721077" title="Cholesteryl benzoate">
Cholesteryl benzoate

Cholesteryl benzoate, also called 5-cholesten-3-yl benzoate, is an organic chemical, an ester of cholesterol and benzoic acid. It is a liquid crystal material forming cholesteric liquid crystals with helical structure.
It can be used with cholesteryl nonanoate and cholesteryl oleyl carbonate in some thermochromic liquid crystals.
It is used in some hair colors, make-ups, and some other cosmetic preparations.
It can be also used as a component of the liquid crystals used for liquid crystal displays.
Cholesteryl benzoate was the first material in which liquid crystal properties were discovered. In the late 1880s Friedrich Reinitzer, an Austrian botanist, while studying the chemicals in plants, heated cholesteryl benzoate. At 145 °C the material melted, yielding a cloudy fluid, which changed to the originally expected clear liquid at 178.5 °C. In 1888, the German physicist Otto Lehmann concluded the cloudy fluid presents a new phase of matter, and coined the term "liquid crystal".

</doc>
<doc id="9721092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721092" title="Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer">
Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer

Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer (6 March 1696 (baptized) – 2 January 1770) was an important Rococo stuccoist and sculptor, active in southern Germany and Switzerland.
J. A. Feuchtmayer was born in Linz, a member of the famous Feuchtmayer family of the Wessobrunner School. He was the son of Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer (1660–1718); the nephew of Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Elder) and Michael Feuchtmayer (b. 1667); the first cousin of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1705–1764) and Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (1709–1772); and the first cousin once removed of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (b. 1735).
Joseph Anton began studying sculpture in Augsburg in 1715 and did work in Weingarten starting in 1718. After the death of his father Franz Joseph, he took over his father's workshop in Mimmenhausen. At the same time, he became the "house sculptor" of the monastery in Salem, delivering for them his first commission, the organ case for the Salemer Münster.
Feuchtmayer was influenced by (among others) the Italian stuccoist Diego Francesco Carlone, with whom he worked in Weingarten. From him, he learned the production techniques for creating the stucco figures with highly polished surfaces that would make Feuchtmayer famous.
Alongside such notable artists as Johann Joseph Christian and Franz Joseph Spiegler, Feuchtmayer worked for the most part on the Baroque monastic churches along the Upper Swabian Baroque Route. His most well-known work is the putto on the "Bernhardsaltar" in Birnau called the "Honigschlecker" ("honey eater"), a reference St. Bernard's rhetorical gift.
Feuchtmayer's house and workshop in Mimmenhausen, near Salem, Bodensee, where he died, are now a museum dedicated to the life and work of the artist. 

</doc>
<doc id="9721094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721094" title="Macedonian Cup">
Macedonian Cup

The Macedonian Cup () is the top knockout tournament of Macedonian football. It was created back in 1992. Currently, FK Vardar holds the record for most titles won with 5.
Republic Cup.
Note: As part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="9721101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721101" title="1968 European Formula Two season">
1968 European Formula Two season

The 1968 European Formula Two season was contested over 10 rounds, according to some sources, or nine rounds, according to sources that do not consider the Zolder race in Belgium as part of the Championship. Jean Pierre Beltoise won the championship in Pergusa-Enna, despite the fact that Jochen Rindt won 5 races, but his condition as a Formula One graded driver did not let him score any championship points.
Calendar.
Note:
Race 1, 4, 6 and 10 were held in two heats, with results shown in aggregate.
Race 2, 5 and 7 were held with two semi-final heats and the final run, with time only shown for the final.
Race 2, 4, 5, 6 and 8 was won by a graded driver, all graded drivers are shown in "Italics".
Race 1 (heat 1) Jim Clark was fatally injured.
Final point standings.
Driver.
For every race points were awarded: 9 points to the winner, 6 for runner up, 4 for third place, 3 for fourth place, 2 for fifth place and 1 for sixth place. No additional points were awarded. The best 6 results count (Same sources count the best 7 results). One driver had a point deduction, which is given in ().
Note:
Only drivers which were not graded were able to score points.
Race 5 not all points were awarded (not enough finishers).

</doc>
<doc id="9721110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721110" title="German submarine U-2">
German submarine U-2

U-2 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
U-2 or U-II may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721115" title="Zastava M90">
Zastava M90

The Zastava M90 is an assault rifle developed and produced by then Yugoslavian, nowadays Serbian Zastava Arms. It was developed from the famous Zastava M70 assault rifle, the modified copy of the Soviet AKM assault rifle, but with a Western type flash eliminator added on the barrel end, chambered in also Western, 5.56x45mm caliber, and with that a different magazine design, similar to Western STANAG magazine 
The M90 was intended to be a weapon that will replace the M70 in Yugoslav People's Army, but the breakup of Yugoslavia disrupted the production and the weapon today remains rare and was never actually formally used by anyone, probably due to lack of 5.56x45mm ammunition.
Overview.
The Zastava M90 is actually the improved M70, chambered in Western 5.56x45mm NATO round, also comes with a flash eliminator and different magazine design, which means that like its predecessor, the M90 is an modified Soviet AKM. It is gas-operated, air-cooled and magazine-fed, shoulder fired weapon with selective fire capability, and like M70, can launch rifle grenades and has a rifle grenade sight added on the gas tube, instead of under barrel grenade launcher like on most other AK variants.
Like all Zastava produces AK variants, the M90 can be identified from the originals by its longer lower wooden handguard design, which has three cooling vents, no bulge and like the stock, is made out of different wood type. Also, due to using Western round, this particular model also has different magazine design, similar to Western STANAG and interestingly, a Western type flash eliminator, similar to one used on American M16 assault rifle. Like on the other Zastava AK's, this three vent feature gives the M90 lower overheating when compared to the originals, but, the Western round in this case, slightly reduces reliability.

</doc>
<doc id="9721123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721123" title="Nerulum">
Nerulum

Nerulum was an ancient town in the interior of Lucania, mentioned by Livy during the wars of the Romans in that country, when it was taken by assault by the consul Aemilius Barbula, 317 BCE (Liv. ix. 20). The only other notice of it is found in the Itineraries, from which we learn that it was situated on the high-road from Capua to Rhegium (modern Reggio di Calabria), at the point of junction with another line of road which led from Venusia by Potentia (modern Potenza) and Grumentum towards the frontiers of Bruttium (Itin. Ant. pp. 105, 110; Tab. Peut.). The names and distances in this part of the Tabula are too corrupt and confused to be of any service: the Itinerary of Antoninus places it 14 miles (or according to another passage 16 miles) north of Muranum, the site of which is clearly ascertained at Morano Calabro. If the former distance be adopted as correct, it must have been situated at, or in the neighbourhood of, Rotonda, near the sources of the river Lao (Holsten. "Not. ad Cluv." p. 293; Romanelli, vol. i. p. 389). The editors of the "Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World" place Nerulum at Castelluccio (in the Province of Potenza, Basilicata, Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="9721132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721132" title="Tammy Ealom">
Tammy Ealom

Tammy Ealom is the lead guitarist, vocalist, and principal song writer for the Elephant 6 collective band Dressy Bessy. She was formerly a member of The Minders.
Biography.
Ealom was born in Rochester, Minnesota, but lived in various places while her father was in the US Army. The family lived in Germany and Hawaii, before settling in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Dressy Bessy.
After leaving The Minders, Ealom formed Dressy Bessy when she met drummer Darren Albert in a record store. They formed a three-piece group with Albert's friend, bassist Rob Greene, and were later joined by Ealom's boyfriend John Hill on guitar.
She has a brother who lives in Colorado Springs. He operates a record store that is owned by Ealom's father called Earthpig Music.

</doc>
<doc id="9721150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721150" title="Wolverine and the X-Men (TV series)">
Wolverine and the X-Men (TV series)

Wolverine and the X-Men is an American cartoon series by Marvel Animation. It is the fourth animated adaptation of the "X-Men" characters, the other three being ', "X-Men: The Animated Series", and '.
Plot.
The story begins with Rogue and Wolverine having an argument about him leaving. When Wolverine goes to Charles, Charles and Jean get headaches. An explosion occurs, and Charles and Jean disappear. The resulting trauma caused the X-Men team to disband and go their separate ways, leaving Xavier's once highly revered league of mutant peace preservers out of commission.
Due to the loss of the Professor, Jean, and severe damage to the mansion, many of the X-Men have withered in their faith towards the stability of their former team and have since detached themselves from their former community. Some examples include Cyclops' subsequent isolation resulting from Jean's disappearance, Storm's relocation back to her home continent of Africa, and Iceman's move back into his parents' home in the quiet suburbs.
One year later, the MRD (short for the Mutant Response Division), a government-supported organization created for the detainment and subsequent registration of existing mutants, begins capturing mutants from all over the country in response to the countless human protesters determined to protect the safety of humankind. This course of action causes Wolverine and Beast to ally and resolve to bring the once defunct X-Men team back together again.
Meanwhile, Rogue is in the street and attacked by the Brotherhood of Mutants. They trick her into joining them, and she later smiles devilishly as she enters their base, appearing to have switched allegiance to become an evil mutant. Thanks to the generosity, wealth, and resourcefulness of Angel, the slowly reforming X-Men team begins to see a promising return to its former glory with the rejoining of junior members Iceman, Shadowcat and Forge along with the reconstruction of the previously demolished Xavier Institute. Unfortunately, without the necessary capabilities of a competent telepath to operate Cerebro, the possibility of locating some of the more globally scattered X-Men members along with the missing Charles Xavier and Jean seems all but a pipe dream. 
Fortunately, this problem does not last for very long when Emma Frost, the beautiful former Headmistress of a now inactive mutant school of her own in Massachusetts, makes a surprising appearance on the doorstep of the Mansion with an interesting proposal: membership with the X-Men in exchange for utilizing her telepathy to pinpoint the missing Xavier's whereabouts. Upon the team's - and particularly Wolverine's - reluctant acceptance of the offer, Emma's efforts prove successful as she is able to locate a comatose Charles on the shores of Genosha in the care of Magneto. After their arrival on Genosha and a short confrontation with the Master of Magnetism himself, Magneto eventually permits the X-Men to take his old friend's body back to the sanctity of the Mansion where he is certain that Xavier will be placed in proper care. Upon their return, Xavier telepathically contacts the X-Men twenty years from the present in an alternate dystopian future and informs Wolverine that he is to lead and reunite the X-Men if they wish to successfully prevent the inevitable war that will cause the world to fall under the domination of Master Mold and the Sentinels. 
Throughout the course of the entire season, Emma's role as the X-Men's primary acting telepath enables the team to relocate the rest of the other members in the hopes of reforming once again and assisting in Xavier's cause. While some were met with initial hesitancy such as with Nightcrawler, others such as Storm were more than willing to accept the offer once Xavier's vision had been put into perspective. The X-Men overcome many hardships and obstacles along the way upon achieving their ultimate goal of relocating Jean and finally revealing the truth surrounding the mystery of the Mansion's cause for explosion along with Xavier and Jean's subsequent disappearances.
It is later revealed in the three-part first season finale "Foresight" that the previously assumed attack on the Mansion was not from the efforts of a third party, but rather from the result of Jean who unwittingly releases the immense and highly destructive strength and power of the Phoenix Force, that originally lay dormant deep within her subconscious, in an attempt to halt an oncoming telepathic attack led by Emma (who was secretly working as a double agent for the Inner Circle and the Stepford Cuckoos). Along with Sebastian Shaw, Selene, Harry Leland, and Donald Pierce, it was the Inner Circle's utmost duty to not only obtain the power of the Phoenix Force by abducting Jean from the protection of Xavier and the Mansion, but to also obliterate the ancient being's existence before it could fully mature and consequently bring forth unparalleled destruction onto the world as it had done numerous times in the past throughout Earth's history. However, in a move that was completely unknown to Emma at the time, the rest of the Inner Circle members all shared an entirely different and more sinister vision than Frost had initially believed: to control and manipulate the power of the Phoenix Force and have it cater to their own hidden agenda. Upon realizing the error of her ways, Emma betrays the Inner Circle and attempts to redeem herself in the eyes of the X-Men by not only rescuing Jean but, by also following through with her original plan of destroying the cosmic entity before it could mature. Unfortunately, her actions result in her apparent death. Rogue apologizes to Wolverine, and finally rejoins the X-men for good. The now fully reformed X-Men are praised for their actions by Professor Xavier, but are warned of a new danger approaching: the Age of Apocalypse.
Characters.
The overall situations and the look of the series and character designs takes inspiration of the Astonishing X-Men comic series.
Production.
The series was in the pre-production stage as of April 2007. On November 4, 2008, a second season, consisting of 26 episodes was confirmed as being in production. During Comic Con 2009, images of season 2 were shown, consisting of Colossus, Magik, Deadpool, Jubilee, and Havok. It was announced that these characters were to appear in season 2. Colossus was set to get a reintroductory storyline and would have been a regular character in season 2.
Cancellation.
On April 13, 2010, Comics Continuum reported that according to an inside source a second season of the series seems very unlikely. On April 15, 2010, Marvel Animation Age confirmed the recent report that "Wolverine and the X-Men" will not be returning for a second season. At C2E2, the Marvel animation panel consisting of Joe Quesada, Arune Singh, and Josh Fine stated that the reason for the cancellation is because they were unable to work out the financing for the show with their financing partner.
Broadcast history.
United States.
Early news had speculated the show to air in Fall 2008 in the United States. However, the speculation came to a rest as according to Marvel Quarterly reports, the show was set to air in the United States in Spring 2009. It was also confirmed in an article by USA Today's website in which it specifically mentions the cartoon starting on January 23, 2009 on Nicktoons Network. On January 23, the show premiered in the United States, with the first two episodes shown back-to-back on NickToons, which were re-aired on Nickelodeon two days later. The next 6 episodes followed weekly before a two-month break. New episodes began on May 22, 2009, as advertised with commercials on the channel then stopped after June 19, 2009, till the network advertised that they will be showing new episodes on July 31, 2009, after or before new episodes of "".
United Kingdom.
On June 23, 2008, a second preview for the series, starring the main X-Men team, was released to announce the special screening of the 3-part pilot episodes that aired at the San Diego Comic-Con in late July 2008. Press releases indicated that the first episode was due to premiere on August 2, 2008, on BBC2 in the UK; however, it was postponed and premiered on January 4, 2009, on the CBBC Channel. Initially, one new episode aired every Sunday, but on January 25, 2009, CBBC started airing two new episodes every Sunday. The time slots varied, and the episodes were available for viewing on the BBC iPlayer for a limited time after they aired. As of mid-February 2009, some new episodes were shown on weekdays instead of at the weekend. Some episodes with scenes showing heavy violence were censored and Episode 17 was not shown on CBBC as there was a duel to the death in the storyline (along with one scene depicting blood). CBBC in the UK overtook Canada on March 4, 2009, when it aired the 20th episode, "Breakdown". In 2009, BBC Alba started broadcasting the series dubbed into Scottish Gaelic as "An Sionnach Sgianach's Na Seoid". premiere on November 16, 2013, on Kix channel in the UK.
Canada.
In Canada, the series started airing on YTV on Saturday, September 6, 2008 in the 7pm time slot When its time slot was switched to Saturday morning programming, Crunch, it aired at 11:30am. Starting in January 2009, the show was also shown on Teletoon, where only episodes that previously aired on YTV were shown.
Latin America and Brazil.
In Brazil and Latin America, the series is airing on Jetix Brazil and Jetix (Latin America) starting August 25, 2008 from Mondays to Thursdays at 4:30 PM. Unusually, all 26 episodes of the first season were aired in Brazil and Latin America before the series started in any other country. Also, the series airs in Rede Record in Brazil from Mondays to Fridays at 7:00 PM, starting November 9, 2009. In Mexico, the series aired on Azteca 7.
Australia.
In Australia, the first series aired on ABC1 Sunday mornings. The series was then repeated weekdays in early morning and late afternoon timeslots. The show then aired on ABC3, along with other series from Marvel Animation on Sunday nights.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand the series aired on TV3.
India.
The series aired on Toonami in India.
Italy.
In Italy the series is currently airing on Rai Gulp, an Italian television channel for children and teenagers.
The Philippines.
In the Philippines, the series started on July 18, 2009 and was aired on ABS-CBN Saturday mornings at 8:45 AM and Sunday mornings at 9:00 AM until early 2010. It is slated to run all 26 episodes of the first season. Also, the re-runs of the series started on November 16, 2009 on Studio 23 weeknights at 6:00 PM.
France.
The series aired on Cartoon Network in France.
Russia.
The series aired on CTC in Russia.
South Africa.
The series aired Saturday mornings on SABC 3 in South Africa.
Portugal.
The series first aired in Portugal on SIC K, starting on May 12, 2010. Now, it is currently airing on Panda Biggs, starting on January 21, 2013.
Merchandise.
Hasbro produced a Wolverine and the X-Men toyline as a tie-in to the series. The first wave consisted of Avalanche, Beast, Colossus, Cyclops, Logan (not in classic outfit), Iceman, Magneto, Wolverine. Wave two contained the new figures Nightcrawler and a Black Uniform Wolverine. Wave Three, the final wave, added Forge and Toad to the line. The toy line ended before any of the main females of the series were turned into toys; notably missing were Emma Frost, Jean Grey, Shadowcat, Rogue, and Storm.
Reception.
Due in part to the abundance of advertising for the series done by Nicktoons and Marvel, the Nicktoons Network premiere of "Wolverine and the X-Men" garnered over 3,500,000 viewers, one of the network's highest ratings ever.
It has an 8.1/10 on IMDB with positive reviews.
Home media.
United Kingdom.
The first announced DVD was a UK release by Liberation Entertainment, which was set to be released in November 2008 However, the UK branch of Liberation closed, leaving the release cancelled. E1 Entertainment finally released the series starting with a Volume 1 release featuring the first 7 episodes in April 2009. The second volume was released on 19 October to coincide with the release of X-Men Origins: Wolverine on DVD. This volume contained an additional 7 episodes. On February 8, 2010, Volume 3 was released containing the next 6 episodes, leaving the last 6 episodes to be released in Volume 4 on July 26, 2010. The complete boxed set with all twenty-six episodes was released on 11 July 2011.
United States.
The holder of the DVD license for the show in the USA is Lionsgate Entertainment (who partners with Marvel Animation). On April 21, 2009, they released Volume 1: Heroes Return Trilogy, featuring the first three episodes. The next release, Volume 2: Deadly Enemies, came out on July 21, 2009 and features the next 5 episodes. Volume 3: Beginning of the End was released on November 3, 2009 with 5 more episodes. Volume 4: Fate of the Future was released on February 2, 2010 with 5 more episodes. Volume 5: Revelation was released on May 4, 2010 along with Volume 5 of "X-Men: The Animated Series". Marvel formally announced the sixth and final part of the series, Volume 6: Final Crisis Trilogy, was released on August 17, 2010. The complete series was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 12, 2010.
Canada.
Liberation Entertainment released a single-disc "Season 1: Chapter 1" package on April 14, 2009 with the first four episodes of the series. A second single disc package, "Season 1: Chapter 2" holding the next four episodes was released on July 21, 2009, although the packaging mentioned a fifth episode that was not included for unknown reasons. Also, a 5-disc set of the complete first season in Steelbook packaging was released September 15, 2009. The set includes all 26 episodes in widescreen format, character bios, an image gallery and an audio commentary on the episode Overflow.
Mexico.
Buena Vista Home Entertainment Mexico announced the release of the first DVD R4 containing the initial 6 episodes by Fall 2008.
As of May 2009, the whole 26 episodes of the first season are available in different stores. A Wolverine comic is packed with the DVD set as part of the promotional merchandise for the release of "X-Men Origins: Wolverine".
Australia.
Magna Home Entertainment has announced that the full 1st Season (26 episodes) has been released in Australia with a Limited Edition Wolverine Mold Case. "Wolverine and the X-Men: X-Calibre" (6 Episodes) and "Wolverine and the X-Men: Wolverine VS The Hulk" (6 Episodes) has been released with "Wolverine and the X-Men: Hunting Grounds" (7 Episodes) released on 8 July 2009. Wolverine and the "X-Men: Breakdown" (7 Episodes).
Bulgaria.
"Wolverine and the X-Men" will be released on DVD, but there is still no information about any date. The trailer can be seen on the "Biker Mice from Mars" Season 1 DVD.
Russia.
The whole series was released on DVD in Russia.
Italy.
Panini Comics is going to release the first season under its "Panini Video" imprint. It will be the last series of DVD published by Panini.

</doc>
<doc id="9721154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721154" title="Hey Luv (Anything)">
Hey Luv (Anything)

"Hey Luv (Anything)" is the second single from Mobb Deep's "Infamy" album. The song features 112 & the music video was directed by Little X. This song is also included on the B-side of "Get Away", the group's next single. Despite being popular on the radio, the song was not well received by some Mobb Deep fans who felt that the duo sold out after this song, because of its R&B formula.

</doc>
<doc id="9721169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721169" title="Sekou Lumumba">
Sekou Lumumba

Sekou Lumumba is a Canadian musician, based in Toronto, who has been drummer for such artists and groups as The Illegal Jazz Poets, Thornley, Edwin & the Pressure, Goodbye Glory, Ivana Santilli, Kardinal Offishall, Serena Ryder, 24-7 Spyz and Bedouin Soundclash.
He is touring with Bedouin Soundclash.

</doc>
<doc id="9721178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721178" title="Kevin Boss">
Kevin Boss

Kevin Antonio Boss (born January 11, 1984) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent in the National Football League. He was drafted in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft by the New York Giants out of Western Oregon University.
Boss has also played for the Oakland Raiders and Kansas City Chiefs.
Early life.
Before enrolling at Western Oregon University, Boss played varsity level football at Philomath High School, becoming a stand-out tight end. In his junior year he was a second-team All-League choice as a tight end and defensive end and as a senior, he was an honorable mention All-State Class 3A choice and earned first-team All-ValCo League honors. For his accolades in football, he played in the Oregon Shrine East-West Football Game in Baker City.
Boss also took part in basketball, playing center. As a junior, Boss was awarded second-team All-League honors. Then as a senior, his team won the state title game (2002), picking up honorable mention All-State and All-League first-team accolades as well.
College career.
As a junior, Boss proved a multi-sport athlete for the Wolves, continuing his football and adding basketball to his regime. As a tight end, he started all team games, registering 39 receptions for 506 yards (13.0 average) and five touchdowns on the field earning first-team All-GNAC and All-Region accolades. On the basketball court he averaged 2.4 points and 2.0 rebounds a contest in 26 games.
In 2005, Boss finished second on the team with a career-high 53 receptions for 621 yards (11.7 average) and eight touchdowns. He also returned one punt for 13 yards, recorded four solo tackles and recovered one fumble, picking up first-team All-American, All-Region and All-GNAC honors, all in the eleven games he started for the Wolves. On the basketball court, Boss averaged 3.5 ppg (points per game), pulled down 90 rebounds and led the Wolves with seventeen blocked shots.
Known to teammates and Coaches as "Kev-Bo," Boss started 31 of 33 games in which he played. He ended his college career with 134 receptions for 1,590 yards (11.9 average) and 19 touchdowns. He was also credited with five solo tackles, recovering a pair of fumbles, and gaining 13 yards on one punt return as well. Boss graduated as a physical education major, with a minor in business, earning Academic All-District VIII honors withas 3.2 grade point average. Boss then declared himself eligible for the 2007 NFL Draft.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
Boss was drafted in the fifth round (153rd overall) of the 2007 NFL Draft by the New York Giants and was the second player ever drafted out of Western Oregon. Boss made his first career catch on November 11, 2007, in a regular season game against the Dallas Cowboys that went for 18 yards. He soon took over for an injured Jeremy Shockey as the starting tight end and brought in nine passes and two touchdowns to end the regular season. Boss proved a considerable threat in the Giants first postseason game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, racking up two receptions for 14 yards in a 24-14 victory. Boss went on to gain two more receptions in the Divisional and Conference rounds of the playoffs against the Dallas Cowboys and the Green Bay Packers respectively.
Boss and his team then went on to Super Bowl XLII in Glendale, Arizona, where they were matched up against the previously undefeated New England Patriots. Boss only caught one reception, but took his opportunity and sprinted for a 45-yard gain that would eventually set up a five-yard touchdown pass. It was the longest play from scrimmage in the game. The Giants would go on to defeat the Patriots 17-14.
Entering Giants mini-camp, Boss arrived weighing 272 pounds, a significant increase in weight compared to the previous year. Since Jeremy Shockey was traded to the Saints, he was the starting tight end. Boss has shown flashes of his athletic ability, especially during Week 10 against the Eagles when he leaped over a defender (without being touched) on a 3rd down play. He finished the game with six catches for 63 yards and a touchdown in a winning effort for his team. He ended the season with 33 receptions for 384 yards (11.6 average) and was the team leader with six touchdowns.
Oakland Raiders.
On August 5, 2011, Boss signed a four-year contract worth $16 million with the Oakland Raiders. His first touchdown with the Raiders came on October 16, versus the Cleveland Browns, a 35-yard effort on faked field goal pass from Raiders punter Shane Lechler.
The Raiders released Boss on March 12, 2012.
Kansas City Chiefs.
Boss signed with the Kansas City Chiefs on March 15, 2012. Boss was expected to share the starting tight end role with Tony Moeaki. Boss caught his first catch and touchdown as a Chief in week 1 in the 2012 NFL season.
The Chiefs released Boss on February 19, 2013.
Statistics.
Regular season.
"Source: [http://www.nfl.com/players/kevinboss/profile?id=BOS364606]"
Personal.
Boss is the son of Teresa and Bob Boss. He has an older brother, Terry, who played professional soccer for the Charlotte Eagles, the Puerto Rico Islanders, the New York Red Bulls and Seattle Sounders FC and made seven appearances for the Puerto Rican national team before retiring due to a history of concussions. Terry is currently an assistant coach at the University of Virginia. Kevin Boss married his college sweetheart Breanna Ramsey on July 4, 2009, in McMinnville, Oregon.
Boss, who resides in Philomath, Oregon during the offseason, graduated in December 2006 from Western Oregon University in Monmouth, Oregon, with a degree in physical education.

</doc>
<doc id="9721183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721183" title="Seychelles FA Cup">
Seychelles FA Cup

The Seychelles FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Seychelles football. It was created in 1987.
Winners.
Winners so far are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9721191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721191" title="Spirit of Television">
Spirit of Television

Spirit of Television is a syndicated American television anthology series that aired in 1993. Each episode which feature a different show from the 1950s and early 1960s America as well as cast interviews, trivia, and the odd commercial of that time.

</doc>
<doc id="9721220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721220" title="Goldbach's comet">
Goldbach's comet

Goldbach's comet is the name given to a plot of the function formula_1, the so-called Goldbach function. The Goldbach function is studied in relation to Goldbach's conjecture. The function formula_1 is defined for all even integers formula_3 to be the number of different ways in which "E" can be expressed as the sum of two primes. For example, formula_4 since 22 can be expressed as the sum of two primes in three different ways (formula_5).
The coloring of points in the above image is based on the value of formula_6 modulo 3 with red points corresponding to 0 mod 3, blue points corresponding to 1 mod 3 and green points corresponding to 2 mod 3.
Anatomy of the Goldbach Comet.
An illuminating way of presenting the comet data is as a histogram. The function formula_1 can be normalized by dividing by the locally averaged value of "g", gav, taken over perhaps 1000 neighboring values of the even number "E". The histogram can then be accumulated over a range of up to about 10% either side of a central "E". 
Such a histogram appears on the right. A series of well-defined peaks is evident. Each of these peaks can be identified as being formed by a set of values of formula_6 which have certain smallest factors. The major peaks correspond to lowest factors of 3, 5, 7 ... as labeled. As the lowest factors become higher the peaks move left and eventually merge to give the lowest value primary peak.
There is in fact a hierarchy of peaks; the main peaks are composed of subsidiary peaks, with a succession of second smallest factors of formula_6. This hierarchy continues until all factors are exhausted. 
The magnified section shows the succession of subsidiary peaks in more detail. 
The relative location of the peaks follows from the form developed by Hardy and Littlewood:
where the product is taken over all primes p that are factors of formula_6. The factor on the right is the twin-prime constant
Here the product is taken over all primes greater than 2.
Of particular interest is the peak formed by selecting only values of formula_6 that are prime. The product factor in equation (1) is then very close to 1. The peak is very close to a Gaussian form (shown in gray). For this range of "E" values, the peak location is within 0.03% of the ideal Π2. 
When histograms are formed for different average values of "E", the width of this (primes only) peak is found to be proportional to formula_14. However, it is a factor of about 1.85 less than the value formula_15 that would be expected from a hypothesis of totally random occurrence of prime-pair matching. This may be expected, since there are correlations that give rise to the separated peaks in the total histogram. 
Returning to the full range of formula_6 rather than just primes, it is seen that other peaks associated with specified lowest factors of formula_6 can also be fitted by a Gaussian, but only on their lower shoulder. The upper shoulder, being formed by an aggregate of subsidiary peaks, lies above the simple Gaussian form.
The relative heights of the peaks in the total histogram are representative of the populations of various types of formula_6 having differing factors. The heights are approximately proportional to formula_19, the products of the lowest factors. Thus the height of the peak marked (3,5) in the overall histogram is about 1/15 of the main peak. Heights may vary from this by about 20%; their exact value is a complex function of the way in which the peaks are constituted from their components and of their varying width.
It is interesting to speculate on the possibility of any number "E" having zero prime pairs, taking these Gaussian forms as probabilities, and assuming it is legitimate to extrapolate to the zero-pair point. If this is done, the probability of zero pairs for any one "E", in the range considered here, is of order 10−3700. The integrated probability over all "E" to infinity, taking into account the narrowing of the peak width, is not much larger. Any search for violation of the Goldbach conjecture may reasonably be expected to have these odds to contend with; a quixotic venture.

</doc>
<doc id="9721223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721223" title="Zastava M91">
Zastava M91

The Zastava M91 is a semi-automatic sniper/designated marksman rifle chambered in 7.62×54mmR developed and manufactured by Zastava Arms company in Kragujevac, Serbia. Like its predecessor, the Zastava M76, the M91 is internally based upon an elongated version of the Avtomat Kalashnikov 1947 AK-47 design, but the M91 features more external similarities with its Soviet counterpart the SVD Dragunov sniper rifle.
Like the SVD, the M91 is chambered for the 7.62x54mmR cartridge, and in service of the Serbian army. It replaced the Zastava M76, which was chambered for the 7.92x57mm cartridge.
History.
Zastava's website claims that the M91 rifle was designed after a long and careful study of combat tactics and experience of military and police special forces worldwide; and that its development has been carried out under supervision and in close cooperation with some of the most experienced and capable special and anti-terrorist units. 
Current modernisation of Serbian forces is proceeding on the basis of a plan designed during the late 1990s known as Model-21. It envisages upgrading personal equipment in 26 different categories, of which only five will be imported from abroad. One of the important new developments is the introduction of a series of domestically developed systems such as M91 7.62x54mmR sniper rifle (a requirement resulting from the decision to withdraw the 8x57mm IS chambering used in the Zastava M76 sniper rifle and SARAC M53 machine gun).
Design details.
The M91 is a semi-automatic, air-cooled, detachable 10-box magazine-fed firearm with a fixed stock. In concept, it is similar to the Sovietn Dragunov sniper/designated marksman rifle. 
While the design of the M91 is based upon an elongated version of the Avtomat Kalashnikov 1947 AK-47 design just like its predecessor, the Zastava M76, the rifle features several modifications, bringing it closer to its Soviet counterpart, the Dragunov sniper rifle that unlike the Zastava M76 an M91 rifles is not internally based on the AK design. The separate stock and pistol grip used on the M76 have been replaced with a thumbhole combination stock made of synthetic polymer material resembling that used on the Russian Dragunov rifle. The 7.62x54mmR chambering of the Zastava M91 is the same as used in the Dragunov. The 7.62x54mmR is suited for long-range use, and replaced the 8x57mm IS round in Serbian service.
The barrel profile is relatively thin to save weight and is ended with a slotted flash suppressor. The barrel’s bore is chrome-lined for increased corrosion resistance, and features 4 right-hand grooves with a twist rate of 240 mm (1:9.4 in).
Overall, the design of the flash suppressor, the detachable box magazine, the simplified PSO-type rangefinder reticle used in earlier Zrak telescopic sights, the thumbhole combination stock and modified bolt carrier as well as a milled receiver strongly point at the Dragunov as the M91 design template.
A side-rail on the left wall of the receiver accepts various telescopic sights and night optics. The standard daylight telescopic sight for the M91 is the ON-M91 6 x 42. For low light conditions the rifle can also be equipped with PN 5 x 80 passive sights of the first and second generation of Night vision devices. The optical sight can be removed from the rail and reinstalled without loss of zero. 
The rifle features adjustable backup iron sights with a sliding tangent rear sight which can be adjusted from 1 to . These can be employed when the primary optical sight is damaged.
Performance.
The best results are obtained at ranges up to . The maximum aiming distance offered by the optical telescopic sight and iron sights is .
For high targets (head silhouette), the effective range is approximately , for high targets (chest silhouette) the range is and for a high moving silhouette the effective range is .

</doc>
<doc id="9721229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721229" title="Noah's Ark (1928 film)">
Noah's Ark (1928 film)

"Noah's Ark" is a 1928 American early romantic melodramatic disaster film directed by Michael Curtiz and written by Darryl F. Zanuck. The film starred Dolores Costello and George O'Brien. Released by Warner Bros. studio, the film was representative of the transition from silent movies to "talkies", although it was essentially a kind of film known as a part-talkie, utilizing new (at that time) Vitaphone sound-on-disc technology. Some scenes are silent, in particular the biblical ones, while others have sound. 
During the filming of the climactic flood scene, the great volume of water used was so overwhelming that three extras drowned, one was so badly injured that his leg needed to be amputated, and a number suffered broken limbs and other serious injuries, which led to implementation of stunt safety regulations the following year. Dolores Costello caught a severe case of pneumonia. 
John Wayne and Andy Devine were among the hundreds of extras in the flood scene. Wayne also worked in the prop department for the film.
Portions of the movie were filmed at the Iverson Movie Ranch in Chatsworth, Calif., and the location was incorporated into an iconic special effects shot that opens the film. The shot depicts the massive ark "beached" on the giant boulders of the movie ranch's Garden of the Gods, which later would become famous for appearances in hundreds of movies including John Ford's "Stagecoach" (1939).
Plot.
The film opens with depictions of the building of the Tower of Babel and the worshipping of the golden calf. Then it switches to the eve of World War I. The theme of the gold calf is carried forward by a scene in which a bankrupted trader (Otto Hoffman) shoots his uncaring stockbroker.
In 1914, American playboy Travis (George O'Brien) and his New York taxi driver buddy Al (Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams) are traveling aboard the "Oriental Express" train. Travis helps a pious minister (Paul McAllister) reclaim his seat from a rude fellow passenger. A washed-out bridge causes a deadly derailment. Travis and Al rescue Marie (Dolores Costello), a German member of a small theatrical troupe, from underneath the wreckage with the help of a prisoner (Malcolm Waite) who had just unhandcuffed himself from a now-dead escort. 
At the nearby lodge where they take shelter, fellow survivor Nickoloff (Noah Beery), an officer in the Russian Secret Service, tries to sneak into Marie's room. When Travis objects, a fight breaks out, during which Nickoloff is cut on the hand by a bottle he was wielding. They are interrupted by French soldiers, who announce that war has broken out. Travis, Al and Marie sneak away in the confusion and head to Paris together. Travis and Marie fall in love. 
When America enters the war, Al enlists as soon as he can. Travis tells him he cannot, as he has married Marie. However, when he later sees Al marching with his unit down the streets of Paris, he impulsively joins up as well. He loses touch with his wife.
Travis and Al meet by chance in the trenches. They are each assigned a squad to attack a machine gun nest holding up the American offensive. Tragically, Travis tosses a hand grenade into the position, not knowing that Al had captured it moments before. Al is fatally wounded, but lives long enough to bid his friend adieu.
Later, Nickoloff spots Marie in a group of dancers entertaining the troops. He threatens to have her arrested as a German spy unless she meets him later. When she tries to sneak away, he carries through his threat, and she is sentenced to face a firing squad. She is comforted by the minister from the train. Travis, who by chance is part of the squad, recognizes her in the nick of time. Then the couple and others are trapped below a demolished building by a German artillery barrage. The minister compares the war and its flood of blood to the biblical story of Noah's Ark.
The film reverts to that time, with the actors playing second roles. King Nephilim (Beery) has converted his subjects into worshippers of the god Jaghuth. Only Noah (McAllister) and his family remain faithful to Jehovah. Following Jehovah's command, Noah and his three sons (O'Brien, Williams and Waite) begin building the Ark on a mountainside. 
Nephilim orders the sacrifice of the most beautiful virgin in his realm to his god in a month. His soldiers choose Miriam (Costello), a handmaiden of Noah's. When Noah's son Japheth (O'Brien) tries to save her, he is blinded and set to labor turning a stone-mill with other prisoners. Just as Miriam is about to be slain, Jehovah unleashes his wrath. Japheth, freed from his chains, finds and carries Miriam back to the Ark, where Jehovah restores his sight. Nephilim tries to climb aboard, only to have the door slam on his hand, inflicting the same injury Nickoloff suffered.
Returning to World War I, the trapped group is freed. Soon after they emerge, they learn that the Armistice has been signed and the war is over.
Release and re-release.
The film premiered in Hollywood in late 1928, with a running time of 135 minutes. Originally, it had been planned as a silent film in 1926 for potential release in 1927, but a number of talking sequences were added. (These were directed not by Michael Curtiz but by Roy Del Ruth.) After the premiere, Warner Bros. withdrew the film for extensive revision, which included removing about a half hour of footage, including all the talking scenes featuring Paul McAllister, who played both a minister and Noah. The film then opened around the country in reserved-seat engagements, after which it concluded its successful run at popular prices, even though by that time "part-talking" films like this one were considered nearly obsolete. Although it had cost far more than any Warner Bros. film to date—over $1 million—it ultimately grossed more than twice its cost.
The film was re-released in 1957 as a 75-minute long silent film, with narration added.
Preservation.
The original 135-minute release is believed to be lost. The film has been partially restored to the length of 100 minutes by the UCLA Film and Television Archive in conjunction with the project .
Home media.
It was released in laserdisc format in October 1993. A DVD version is available from Turner Classic Movies.
External links.
1001

</doc>
<doc id="9721237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721237" title="Mitchell Kertzman">
Mitchell Kertzman

Mitchell Kertzman is a venture capitalist with Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, and former CEO of Sybase, Powersoft, and Liberate Technologies. 

</doc>
<doc id="9721251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721251" title="Coupe du Président de la République">
Coupe du Président de la République

The Mauritanian Cup known as Republic President Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Mauritanean football. It was created in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9721260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721260" title="J. Malucelli Futebol">
J. Malucelli Futebol

J. Malucelli Futebol, usually known simply as J. Malucelli, and formerly known as Malutrom and as Corinthians Paranaense, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Curitiba, Paraná state, founded on December 27, 1994. The club competed in the Copa João Havelange in 2000, and in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in 2008.
History.
The club was founded on December 27, 1994 as Clube Malutrom by the Malucelli and Trombini families. Malutrom is a portmanteau of Malucelli and Trombini 
In 2000, Malutrom won the Copa João Havelange Green and White Module playoff, beating Uberlândia, and thus qualifying to the Eightfinals, where the club was eliminated by Cruzeiro.
In 2005, the club was renamed to J. Malucelli Futebol.
In 2007, the club won the Copa Paraná, after beating Londrina in the final, at Eco-Estádio Janguito Malucelli, and thus qualifying to that year's Recopa Sul-Brasileira, and also qualifying to the following year's Copa do Brasil and Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. The club was eliminated by Caxias in the 2007 Recopa Sul-Brasileira semifinals.
Corinthians Paranaense.
The club was renamed to Sport Club Corinthians Paranaense in 2009, after being officially registered at the Brazilian Football Confederation. The club adopted a logo and kits similar to the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista ones.
J. Malucelli again.
After three years as "Corinthians Paranaense", the club was officially renamed back to J. Malucelli Futebol on August 10, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9721264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721264" title="Marie-Pierre Leray">
Marie-Pierre Leray

Marie-Pierre Leray (born 17 February 1975) is a French figure skater. In ladies' singles, she placed seventh at the 1994 World Championships and 14th at the 1994 Winter Olympics. As a pair skater, she won the 1993 French national title with Frédéric Lipka. She later teamed up with Nicolas Osseland. During her competitive career as an eligible skater, she also worked as a model. She continues to perform in ice shows throughout Europe, combining circus elements with skating.

</doc>
<doc id="9721271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721271" title="Cholesteryl chloride">
Cholesteryl chloride

Cholesteryl chloride, also called 3-chlorocholest-5-ene or 3β-chlorocholest-5-ene, is an organic chemical, an organochloride derivate cholesterol. It is a liquid crystal material forming clockwise cholesteric liquid crystals. It is a transparent liquid, or a soft crystalline material with melting point around 94-96 °C.
It can be used with cholesteryl nonanoate, cholesteryl benzoate, and/or cholesteryl oleyl carbonate in some thermochromic liquid crystals.
It is used in some hair colors, make-ups, and some other cosmetic preparations.
It can be also used as a component of the liquid crystals used for liquid crystal displays.

</doc>
<doc id="9721272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721272" title="Hafting">
Hafting

Hafting is a process by which an artifact, often bone, metal, or stone, is attached to a "haft" (handle or strap). This makes the artifact more useful by allowing it to be shot (arrow), thrown (spear), or used with more effective leverage (axe or hammer). When constructed properly, hafting can tremendously improve a weapon's damage and range. It is estimated that hafted weapons were most common during the Upper Paleolithic and Middle Paleolithic. Hafting was a significant milestone in the history of technology. It was one of the first tools where hominins took separate elements and united them into a single tool increasing the efficiency and use of it. The development of hafting was considered a significant milestone of humans by archaeologists. It was not only a significant improvement in the technology at the time but archaeologists also believed that hafting shows the progression and development of the human mind and shows the path toward a world of complex tool making of the past. The idea of assembling two different kinds of materials into one object that improves the functioning of the tool overall shows the mental capacity of the people of that time and gives archaeologist a better understanding of the progression of human life.
Hafting weapons is perhaps best known for its use by humans in prehistory, but it is still practiced by enthusiasts today and the handle of a tool such as an ax is still known as a haft. Many people still practice the hafting techniques by using old-fashioned methods to figure out the best way to attach a handle onto tools, while improving the overall structure and function. Hafting has evolved through the past and the idea can still be seen in the structure of modern day tools such as hammers, axes, and many other hand tools. The evolution of hand tools such as hammers, and axes would be greatly altered had the people of our past failed to invent the idea of hafting. The methods of hafting and the hafting process have also varied and evolved over the years.
The hafting process.
There must be some way to attach the artifact to the strap or shaft, and to this end, flanges are often created on one end (the end opposite the cutting edge). Flanges are produced by a process of knapping or grinding the excess stone away, resulting in indentations in the piece.
If a shaft or handle is to be used, it must also be prepared in some way. Wood is commonly used, and many people prefer Big Leaf Maple due to its soft structure that allows them to easily chip away at the end of the shaft to which the tool is to be affixed. A good piece of wood would have a diameter large enough to provide adequate strength yet small enough to hold comfortably for long periods of time. A common practice of hafting is to remove the outer layer of bark where your hand would be to prevent cuts and the painful imperfections found in bark. Attaching the tool to the shaft can be difficult which is why there are two main methods used to soften the wooden shaft including burning the end, and/or soaking it in water. These soften the material to easily allow the slits to be cut vertically into the center of the shaft. This provides a place for the "head" of the tool or weapon to fit. Alternatively, the shaft may be split down the center which allows the artifact to fully sit within the shaft, and once fully wrapped up, can be much stronger.
The artifact can then be inserted into the slit, and fixed to the shaft by tying around the flanges with a suitable material. Materials such as Australian Sea Grass Cordage, and split deer intestine can be used due to its high strength and durability once installed. Some people will wrap the material around the handle as well to add grip. The main disadvantage with wrapping the tool onto the shaft arrises after usage when the fibers lose their tension and become loose. High humidity is also a contributing factor to the fibers losing tension. On occasion, glue is added for extra support. When glue or any other resin is used, the hafting is said to be mastic. Mastic hafts are also very strong and reliable since there is little to no movement of the tool. Glue also has an advantage of absorbing shock when hardened, which helps with cushioning. Back before glue was readily available, people would process deer hide into glue. The main downside of mastic hafts is the time consuming and difficult construction process. Alternatively, the head may simply be forced into the shaft, if the shaft is soft enough, eliminating the need for a slit (and perhaps improving durability). If a strap is used, it is tied directly to the flanges of the artifact.
Generally it takes a much longer time to create the actual haft binding than it does the tool used in the half. The tool, such as a projectile point, typically takes up to twenty minutes whereas the haft binding takes several hours. Often many times throughout a hafts life cycle, the tool will be replaced or sharpened and reattached to the shaft to keep the haft as effective and precise as possible.
Hafting in prehistory.
More than 125,000 years ago, early Archaic Homo sapiens such as Homo heidelbergensis developed the extensive use of hafted stone tools. Over time, hafting evolved and tools became deadlier with more control. Evolution has brought hafts with small shafts and dull stone tools to longer stronger shafts with sharper, narrower tools that were better suited for piercing and cutting. In much more recent times, hafted axes and weapons have benefited from tapering. By offsetting the diameters of a tool with a cylindrical base, and a hole in the shaft, a much more secure fit can be made, assuring the ax head stays in place. Hafting stone points in particular was an important advancement in the weapons of early humans. These hafted stone points increased the force and effectiveness of these tools therefore allowing people to hunt and kill animals more efficiently. The increased efficiency of hunting and killing animals is believed to have allowed for people of this time to have regular access to meat and other high quality foods. The increase in the consumption of meat around this time could be directly linked to increases in brain size that is reported in the archaeology record of this time. The invention of hafting by people more than hundreds of thousands of years ago has directly contributed to the health and lives of people in the past and also people in the future.
Multiple lines of evidence indicate that ~500,000-year-old stone points from the archaeological site of Kathu Pan 1 (KP1), South Africa, functioned as spear tips.
This has lead teams of researchers to come to the conclusion that common ancestors of Homo sapiens and Neanderthals started hafting almost 500,000 years ago.
References.
Keeley, Lawrence H. Hafting and Retooling: Effects on the Archaeological Record. N.p.: Society for American Archaeology, 1982. Print.
"Hafting a Stone Blade the Old-Fashioned Way Page 1." Hafting a Stone Blade. N.p., n.d. Web. 18 Nov. 2013.
Wynn, Thomas. "Hafted spears and the archaeology of mind." PNAS. N.p., 16 June 2009. Web. 18 Nov. 2013. <http://www.pnas.org/content/106/24/9544.full>.==Further reading==
VN, Sreeja. "Oldest Stone-Tipped Spears Found; Early Humans Started Hafting 500,000 Years Ago." International Business Times . IB Media Inc., Nov. 2012. Web. 18 Nov. 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9721275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721275" title="Sarah Richmond">
Sarah Richmond

Sarah Elizabeth Richmond (1843–1921) was a teacher and the fourth principal of Maryland State Normal School (now Towson University).
She was the second person to enroll at the Maryland State Normal School in its opening year and was in its first graduating class. Her 55 years of consecutive service to the Normal School began in 1866, when McFadden Newell asked her to return there to teach mathematics. Within a few years, Richmond was made Vice Principal and, by 1909, at age 66, she became the school's first female principal. She remained principal until 1917 when she resigned to become Dean of the school. In addition to being the driving force in moving the school to its current Towson location, Richmond raised entrance requirements, expanded the curriculum and created new departments.
She died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="9721296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721296" title="Water supply and sanitation in Argentina">
Water supply and sanitation in Argentina

"This article has been written in 2007/08 and has only been partially updated since. The most recent update was in 2012 concerning access data. Please feel free to update it further."
Drinking water supply and sanitation in Argentina is characterized by relatively low tariffs, mostly reasonable service quality, low levels of metering and high levels of consumption for those with access to services. At the same time, according to the WHO, 21% of the total population remains without access to house connections and 52% of the urban population do not have access to sewerage. The responsibility for operating and maintaining water and sanitation services rests with 19 provincial water and sewer companies, more than 100 municipalities and more than 950 cooperatives, the latter operating primarily in small towns. Among the largest water and sewer companies are Agua y Saneamientos Argentinos (AYSA) and Aguas Bonarenses S.A. (ABSA), both operating in Greater Buenos Aires, Aguas Provinciales de Santa Fe, and Aguas Cordobesas SA, all of them now publicly owned. In 2008 there were still a few private concessions, such as Aguas de Salta SA, which is majority-owned by Argentine investors, and Obras Sanitarias de Mendoza (OSM).
Most service providers barely recover operation and maintenance costs and have no capacity to self-finance investments. While private operators were able to achieve higher levels of cost recovery, since the Argentine financial crisis in 2002 tariffs have been frozen and the self-financing capacity of utilities has disappeared. Roughly two-thirds of provincial water and sanitation spending since 2002 has come from general transfers from the federal government, the remainder coming from various national programs directed specifically to the sector.
Services are regulated by the 23 Provinces, in the case of 14 through regulatory agencies that have some limited autonomy from the government. Overall, however, responsibilities are not always clearly defined, and institutions are often weak, subject to political interference and lacking enforcement powers. The various national institutions with policy-setting responsibilities in the sector are not always well coordinated. There is no coherent national policy in terms of sector financing, subsidies, tariffs and service standards. The federal structure of the country and the dispersion of sector responsibilities between and within various levels of government make the development of a coherent sector policy all the more difficult.
Between 1991 and 1999, as part of one of the world's largest privatization programs covering a range of sectors, water and sanitation concessions with the private sector were signed covering 28% of the country's municipalities and 60% of the population. The highest profile concession was signed in 1993 with a consortium led by the French firm Suez for the central parts of Greater Buenos Aires. After the 2001 economic crisis, many concessions were renegotiated. Many were terminated, as it was the case in Buenos Aires in 2006.
The impact of private sector participation in water and sanitation is a controversial topic. While the public perception of the mostly international concessionaires is overwhelmingly negative in Argentina, some studies show positive impacts. For example, a 2002 study assessed the impact of privatization on child mortality based on household survey data, finding that child mortality fell 5 to 7 percent more in areas that privatized compared to those that remained under public or cooperative management. The authors estimate that the main reason is the massive expansion of access to water. According to Suez, the private concession in Buenos Aires extended access to water to 2 million people and access to sanitation to 1 million people, despite a freeze in tariffs imposed by the government in 2001 in violation of the concession agreement. The government argues that the concessionaire did not fully comply with its obligations concerning expansion and quality, saying that the supplied water had high levels of nitrate, pressure obligations were not kept and scheduled works were not carried out.
Access.
Argentina has achieved very high levels of access to an improved water source in urban areas (98%), using a broad definition of access. However, coverage using a narrower definition of access (piped on premises) is much lower at 83%, since many users still only have access through public standpipes. Also, access in rural areas remains relatively low for a country of Argentina’s level of development (80% using improved water supply, 45% for water piped on premises). Access to improved sanitation including septic tanks and improved latrines, is 91% in urban centers while in rural areas, coverage is 77%. However, access to sewerage is only 44%.
"Source": Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation of WHO/UNICEF.
According to a study by the "Centro de Implementación de Políticas Públicas para la Equidad y el Crecimiento" (CIPPEC) or Center for Implementation of Public Policies for Equity and Growth, the increase of coverage between 1991 and 2001 was lower in the poorest provinces.
Service quality.
In urban areas of Argentina, service is generally continuous and of potable quality. However, water rationing occurs in some cities during the summer months, and drinking water quality is sometimes sub-standard.
In Buenos Aires, in 2008 there were two water treatment plants and a new one was about to begin.
Concerning sanitation, existing sewage collection systems are insufficient to handle the increasing flows as a growing number of households connect to the sewer systems, leading to frequent sewer overflows.
The level of wastewater treatment varies among the Argentinean regions. According to the Pan American Health Organization, at the national level 10% of the collected wastewater was being treated in 2000. Whereas in many regional capitals, such as Mendoza, Córdoba, Tucumán, Neuquén, Jujuy, Salta and San Juan, most of the wastewater was treated, in the two largest urban areas of the country, Buenos Aires and Rosario, there was practically no treatment at all, resulting in serious environmental problems. However, in 2008 a bidding process was launched to build a wastewater treatment plant in Buenos Aires.
History and recent developments.
From 1880 until 1980, the national utility "Obras Sanitarias de la Nación" (OSN) was in charge of providing water and sewer services in the main cities, while in smaller cities it was the responsibility of provincial governments, municipalities and cooperatives.
In 1980 the military government under Jorge Rafael Videla decentralized the provision of water and sanitation services in the main cities served by OSN, except for the metropolitan area of Buenos Aires where OSN continued to provide services. In other cities OSN transferred its responsibilities to provincial governments. Each province chose its model of service provision (municipal, public enterprises, cooperatives or others).
Between 1991 and 1999 under the government of Carlos Menem, as part of one of the worlds largest privatization programs covering a range of sectors, water and sanitation concessions with the private sector were signed in 28% of the country's municipalities covering 60% of the population. The highest profile concession was signed in 1993 with a consortium led by the French firm Suez for the metropolitan area of Buenos Aires. After the 2001 economic crisis, under the government of Néstor Kirchner, many concessions were renegotiated. Some were even terminated and the responsibility for service provision reverted to public entities, as it was the case in Buenos Aires where the newly created public enterprise "Aguas y Saneamientos Argentinos" took over the responsibility for service provision in 2006. At the beginning of 2008, the government of the Province of Mendoza announced that it is interested in increasing its control of the provincial water utility "Obras Sanitarias de Mendoza", of which it owns 20%, buying another 20% from Saur International.
Impact of private sector participation.
So far there has been no comprehensive, objective assessment of the impact of private sector participation in water supply and sanitation in Argentina. However, there has been some partial evidence. For example, a 2002 study assessed the impact of privatization on child mortality based on household survey data, finding that in the 1991-1997 period child mortality fell 5 to 7 percent more in areas that privatized compared to those that remained under public or cooperative management. It also found that the effect was largest in poorest areas (24%). The authors estimate that the main reason is the massive expansion of access to water, which was concentrated in poorer areas that did not receive services before private sector participation was introduced.
The Buenos Aires concession.
The largest and best-known case of private sector participation in the Argentine water and sanitation sector was the Buenos Aires concession, signed in 1993 and revoked in 2006. Its impact remains controversial and in early 2008 an arbitration case was still pending with the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) of the World Bank Group.
Critics argue that the concessionaire failed to achieve the targets set under the concession contract. When the government rescinded the concession in March 2006, it argued that Aguas Argentinas did not comply with obligations concerning expansion and quality. According to the government, the supplied water had high levels of nitrate, pressure obligations were not kept and scheduled waterworks were not executed by the concessionaire. On the other hand, proponents of private participation state that a freeze in tariffs at the time of the devaluation of the Peso during the Argentinean economic crisis in 2001 substantially reduced the real value of tariff revenues and thus made it difficult to achieve the original targets.
One factor which may have caused the cancellation of the concession contract was the precipitate preparation. Alcazar et al. list some features of the concession which indicate an overhasty process: 
In addition, the inexperienced regulatory agency was repeatedly bypassed when decisions were taken, for example in the renegotiation of the contract in 1997. In that way, ETOSS was further weakened. The concession contract authorized Aguas Argentinas to demand dollars at the old 1:1 exchange rate after the peso devaluation. Solanes points out that without this practice companies may seek financing in local capital markets to avoid currency fluctuations. He also argues that the needs of the poor were not addressed in the concession. No subsidies were provided for the poor and the tariff system did not encourage expansion of coverage to poor areas, since new connections were often unaffordable and new users also had to pay the costs of expanding the network.
The concessionaire did invest much more than its public predecessor and achieved substantial increases in access to water and sewerage. According to the Argentinean economist Sebastian Galiani, the public company OSN had invested only US$25m per year between 1983 and 1993, while the private concessionaire Aguas Argentinas increased investments to around US$200 m per year between 1993 and 2000.
According to Suez, during the 13 year-duration of its concession it extended access to water to 2 million people and access to sanitation to 1 million people, despite the economic crisis. Between 2003 and 2005 alone about 100,000 inhabitants of poor neighborhoods and slums are said to have been connected through a "participatory management model" piloted by Aguas Argentinas. Aspects of the model have been adopted by the government to extend services to another 400,000 people in La Matanza in the province of Buenos Aires in the project "Water plus work" ("Aguas más trabajo").
An example of local private sector participation: Salta.
The government of Salta Province initiated the reform of its water sector in 1996. At the same time many other Argentinean provinces and municipalities brought in the private sector to improve water and sanitation services. While Salta also followed this approach, the process differed somewhat from the one in many other parts of Argentina. First, the provincial government conducted a series of meetings with municipalities and user organizations to discuss the benefits and risks of the concession before it was bid out. This process of consultations was continued by the private concessionaire after the contract was awarded. Second, the government decided from the onset that water and sanitation services in the poor province could not be financed entirely through tariff revenues. It thus decided to finance much of the investments to be undertaken by the private concessionaire with public grants, in addition to providing consumption subsidies. Third, the regulatory agency allowed the concessionaire to provide services at a lower standard in remote or isolated areas that were deemed unprofitable at conventional service standards. Fourth, the provincial regulatory agency granted tariff increases before and even after the 2001 economic crisis. These tariff increases were lower than it would have been necessary without subsidies or flexible service standards. And fifth, the government "ignored the traditional paradigm of only permitting companies with significant previous experience in water supply and sanitation to compete in the bidding process". This provision had favored a few large multinational water firms in other bidding processes. In Salta, however, the bid was won by the Argentinean construction, power and toll road enterprise MECON S.A. which signed a technical assistance contract with the Brazilian Paraná State public utility SANEPAR.
The private concession led to a substantial increase in access to water and sanitation from the time of concession award in 1999 to 2005. It also provided a significant decrease in service interruptions and improved customer service. 13 more municipalities joined the concession contract after it had been signed in order to share in its benefits, bringing the total number of municipalities served by the concessionaire to 56.
While most other private water concessions in Argentina were rescinded in the years after the 2001 economic crisis, the Salta concession has been upheld until 2009 despite a number of problems. In February 2008 the regulatory agency initiated penal proceedings against the concessionaire because one of its wastewater treatment plants discharging to the Arenales River was not functioning. In June 2008 the company was accused of not having complied with contractual targets for the installation of meters, water pressure, continuity of supply, drinking water quality norms, and of applying excessive interests on late payments. In May 2009 Juan Manuel Urtubey, governor of the Province, terminated the concession contract because of non-compliance and created a transition unit to provide services until a state company would be created whose shares would be held by the Province (90%) and workers (10%).
Responsibility for water supply and sanitation.
Policy and regulation.
Provinces have responsibility for setting rules and policies in the sector for their area. Institutions are weak, subject to political interference and lacking in enforcement powers. 14 out of 23 provinces have regulatory bodies, but they often have limited capacity and unclear institutional responsibilities. In most cases, they act as supervisors of private concession contracts, not covering public and cooperative service providers. This autonomy of provinces resulted in a highly heterogeneous system of water supply and sanitation. Moreover, it hinders to create an overview of the situation at the national level.
Despite recent progress in clarifying responsibilities, the institutional framework at the national level still lacks coherence and coordination among federal actors is weak. The Ministry of Public Works proposes sector policies to the Ministry of Federal Planning, Public Investment and Services which approves them. Within this policy framework the National Agency for Water and Sanitation Works (ENOHSA), a decentralized agency under the Ministry of Public Works, provides financing and technical assistance to service providers. As an advisor to the Ministry of Public Works it de facto influences sector policies. ENOHSA has also been given the faculty to directly execute infrastructure works. There has been some confusion between its position as conceding power (in the Buenos Aires concession) and as policy-maker for the overall sector. There is no coherent national policy in terms of sector financing, subsidies, tariffs and service standards. Nor is there a sector law for water and sanitation. The federal structure of the country and the dispersion of sector responsibilities between and within various levels of government make the development of a coherent sector policy all the more difficult.
Service provision.
Provision of water and sanitation supply in Argentina is organized on a municipal or provincial basis by around 1,650 public, cooperative and private entities of various forms. 14 service providers are provincial (Argentina has 23 provinces), but do not necessarily serve the entire province. Some are multi-municipal, some serve a single municipality and others parts of a municipality. There are at least 990 mostly smaller cooperative service providers in Argentina, making Argentina the country in Latin America where this form of service provision is most prevalent.
Financial aspects.
Tariffs.
In 2000, the Argentinean water and sanitation tariff levels were high, given the low quality of services. According to the Panamerican Health Organization (PAHO), the mean tariff for water and sanitation was US$ 0.79 per m3. There are two different tariff systems. The first method is based on the former OSN tariff system. It estimates the consumption of each user according to characteristics such as dwelling size, location of residence and type of dwelling. The second tariff system contains a fixed charge and a variable part which is based on metered consumption. This latter method was made possible by the extensive introduction of water metering, which was included in many concession contracts in the 1990s. The average household expenditure for water supply and sanitation in 2002 was 2.6%, ranging from 2.1% in the highest (wealthiest) quintile to 3.5% in the lowest (poorest) one.
Cost recovery.
Most service providers barely recover operation and maintenance costs and have no capacity to self-finance investments. While private operators were able to achieve higher levels of cost recovery and to substantially expand services before the crisis, since 2002 their tariffs have been frozen and their self-financing capacity has disappeared. Service providers thus are almost entirely dependent on federal transfers for investment financing. Roughly two-thirds of provincial water and sanitation spending over the period has come from general transfers from the federal government, the remainder coming from various programs directed specifically to the sector, including for flood protection and water resources management.
When the linkage of the Argentinean peso to the US-Dollar was abandoned due to a serious economic crisis in 2002, the tariffs did not increase but converted 1 to 1 to the devalued peso, resulting in various contract renegotiations. This decision worsened the financial situation of the suppliers. The lack of financial resources results in problems concerning even in maintaining the supply system.
Cutting off water services for non-payment is prohibited in Argentina based on a common interpretation of the constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="9721301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721301" title="Schmeisser Award">
Schmeisser Award

The William C. Schmeisser Award is an award given annually to the NCAA's most outstanding defenseman in men's college lacrosse. The award is presented by the USILA and is named after William C. "Father Bill" Schmeisser, a player and coach for Johns Hopkins University in the early 1900s. Schmeisser played defense at Hopkins from 1900 to 1902. He was head coach of the Blue Jays from 1907 to 1911 and continued to serve as an advisory coach to the team thereafter, accompanying the team to the 1928 Olympics in Amsterdam. He was a charter founder of the Mt. Washington Lacrosse Club and was inducted into the U.S. Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="9721313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721313" title="Totivirus">
Totivirus

The genus "Totivirus" is a member of the "Totiviridae" family. 
The type species is Saccharomyces cerevisiae virus L-A.
Virology.
These are a family of icosahedral nonenveloped viruses. The double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) genomes are packaged in isometric particles 40 to 50 nm in diameter.
Genome.
"Totivirus" have a genome of 4700–6700 nucleotides in length and only a single copy of the genome is present in the particle. The nucleic acid content of "Totivirus" is usually of one molecule but can also contain three or four segments of linear double stranded RNA. The genome contains two large overlapping open reading frames (ORFs). These open reading frames (ORFs) code for a capsid protein (CP) and an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RDRP). The 5' end of the positive strand of the dsRNA genome has no cap and is very structured."Totivirus" contains a long 5' untranslated region (5' UTR) which functions as an internal ribosome entry site (IRES). "Totiviruses" can have satellite RNAs that encoding a toxin.
Species.
One species infects the fungus "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". The Helminthosporium victoriae 190S virus which was initially included in this genus has been moved to a new genus—the Victorivirus.
Species of this genus commonly infect the human pathogen "Trichomonas vaginalis".

</doc>
<doc id="9721338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721338" title="Shpykiv">
Shpykiv

Shpykiv () is an urban-type settlement in Tulchyn Raion (a district in Vinnytsia Oblast (province) in central Ukraine, southwest of Kiev. It is miles NW of Tulchyn, the raion center. Population: .
It formerly had a significant Jewish community, which numbered 1,875 in the year 1900. 

</doc>
<doc id="9721346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721346" title="Nancy Grace (TV series)">
Nancy Grace (TV series)

Nancy Grace is an American current affairs program hosted by legal commentator Nancy Grace that airs Sunday through Friday nights at 8PM eastern on HLN which mainly deals with current-day true crime cases with encore presentations Tuesday through Saturday at 1AM eastern.
Controversies.
Grace's comments on the show have garnered significant controversy, most significantly involving the Duke lacrosse case, the suicide of interviewee Melinda Duckett and the death of Caylee Anthony.
Guest hosts.
When Grace has to take an evening off (for family reasons, or during her run on cycle 13 of "Dancing with the Stars" for training, for instance), other CNN hosts substitute for her. Usually the substitute will either be "In Session" anchor Jean Casarez or Jane Velez-Mitchell, though Sam Champion from "Good Morning America" and Pat Lalama have also hosted the program.
Ratings
Nancy Grace ratings over the years (measured in hundreds of thousands, 000)
2005: 471 2006: 651 2007: 785 2008: 1,034 2009: 934 2010: 853 2011: 745 2012: 418

</doc>
<doc id="9721361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721361" title="Hugo Scheiber">
Hugo Scheiber

Hugó Scheiber (born September 29, 1873 in Budapest – died there March 7, 1950) was a Hungarian modernist painter.
Life.
Hugó Scheiber was brought from Budapest to Vienna at the age of eight where his father worked as a sign painter for the Prater Theater. At fifteen, he returned with his family to Budapest and began working during the day to help support them and attending painting classes at the School of Design in the evening, where Henrik Papp was one of his teachers. He completed his studies in 1900. His work was at first in a post-Impressionistic style but from 1910 onward showed his increasing interest in German Expressionism and Futurism. This made it of little interest to the conservative Hungarian art establishment. 
However, in 1915 he met the great Italian avant-gardist Filippo Tommaso Marinetti and the two painters became close friends. Marinetti invited him to join the Futurist Movement. The uniquely modernist style that he developed was, however, closer to German Expressionism than to Futurism and eventually drifted toward an international art deco manner similar to Erté’s. In 1919, he and his friend Béla Kádar held an exhibition at the Hevesy Salon in Vienna. It was a great success and at last caused the Budapest Art Museum to acquire some of Scheiber’s drawings. Encouraged, Scheiber came back to live in Vienna in 1920. 
A turning point in Scheiber's career came a year later, when Herwarth Walden, founder of Germany's leading avant-garde periodical, "Der Sturm", and of the Sturm Gallery in Berlin, became interested in Scheiber's work. Scheiber moved to Berlin in 1922, and his paintings soon appeared regularly in Walden's magazine and elsewhere. Exhibitions of his work followed in London, Rome, La Paz, and New York.
Scheiber's move to Germany coincided with a significant exodus of Hungarian artists to Berlin, including Lászlo Moholy-Nagy and Sándor Bortnyik. There had been a major split in ideology among the Hungarian avant-garde. The Constructivist and leader of the Hungarian avantgarde, Lajos Kassák (painted by Hugó Scheiber in 1930) believed that art should relate to all the needs of contemporary humankind. Thus he refused to compromise the purity of his style to reflect the demands of either the ruling class or socialists and communists. The other camp believed that an artist should be a figurehead for social and political change.
The fall out and factions that resulted from this politicisation resulted in most of the Hungarian avantgardists leaving Vienna for Berlin. Hungarian émigrés made up one of the largest minority groups in the German capital and the influx of their painters had a significant effect on Hungarian and international art. Apart from the political activists, there were independent Modernists such as Scheiber and Kádár, who hoped to find fertile ground for their aesthetic and social idealism. Hugó Scheiber, among others, suddenly found himself in the upper echelons of the dynamic Berlin art world.
Another turning point of Scheiber's career came in 1926, with the New York exhibition of the Société Anonyme, organized by Katherine Dreier. Scheiber and other important avantgarde artists from more than twenty-three countries were represented. In 1933, Scheiber was invited by Marinetti to participate in the great meeting of the Futurists held in Rome in late April 1933, "Mostra Nazionale d’Arte Futurista" where he was received with great enthusiasm. Gradually, the Hungarian artists began to return home, particularly with the rise of Nazism in Germany. Kádar went back from Berlin in about 1932 and Scheiber followed in 1934.
He was then at the peak of his powers and had a special flair in depicting café and cabaret life in vivid colors, sturdily abstracted forms and spontaneous brush strokes. Scheiber depicted cosmopolitan modern life using stylized shapes and expressive colors. His preferred subjects were cabaret and street scenes, jazz musicians, flappers, and a series of self-portraits (usually with a cigar). A highly prolific workman, he produced well over 1500 works (nearly 1300 are still listed on www.artnet.com), his principal media being gouache and oil. He was a member of the prestigious New Society of Artists (KUT—Képzőművészek Új Társasága)and seems to have weathered Hungary’s post-World-War-II transition to state-communism without difficulty. He continued to be well regarded,eventually even receiving the posthumous honor of having one of his images used for a Soviet postage stamp (see image above). Hugó Scheiber died in Budapest in 1950.
Museums and Exhibits.
Paintings by Hugó Scheiber form part of permanent museum collections in Budapest (Hungarian National Museum), Pecs (Jannus Pannonius Museum), Vienna, New York, Bern and elsewhere. His work has also been shown in many important exhibitions, including:
Hugó Scheiber’s paintings continue to be regularly sold at Sotheby's, Christie’s, Gillen’s Arts (London), Papillon Gallery (Los Angeles) and other auction houses.

</doc>
<doc id="9721382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721382" title="Now! 6 (Canadian series)">
Now! 6 (Canadian series)

Now! 6 is a music compilation album that was released in 2001. The album is the 6th edition of the Canadian "Now!" series.

</doc>
<doc id="9721391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721391" title="Nicolas Osseland">
Nicolas Osseland

Nicolas Osseland (born 22 August 1978) is a French former pair skater. With Sabrina Lefrançois, he placed fourth at the 1997 World Junior Championships, 12th at the 1997 European Championships, and 17th at the 1998 Winter Olympics. He later competed with Marie-Pierre Leray.
Following his retirement from competition, he began coaching in Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="9721393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721393" title="Rory Boulding">
Rory Boulding

Rory Joseph Boulding (born 21 July 1988) is an English footballer, who most recently played for Dundee United in the Scottish Premier League. He started his career alongside his elder brother, Michael at Mansfield Town where he had loan spells with Ilkeston Town and Hucknall Town, before he joined Bradford with his brother in 2008. In 2010 he joined Accrington Stanley, before heading to Scotland in 2011 to play for Livingston then Kilmarnock.
Career.
Mansfield Town.
Boulding began his footballing career as a trainee at Mansfield Town in August 2006, joining the club at the same time as his brother Michael. He started the 2006–07 season on loan at Ilkeston Town, returning to Mansfield to make his first-team debut as a substitute in the Football League Trophy match against Grimsby Town in October 2006 and his league debut as a substitute in the 5–0 victory against Torquay in January 2007. He did not start a game for Mansfield during his first season, coming on as substitute 11 times, but he signed a contract extension during the summer. In September 2007, he joined Hucknall Town on a one-month loan. He returned to Mansfield and scored his first senior goal in a first round FA Cup tie with Lewes. After Mansfield Town were relegated to the Football Conference at the end of the 2007–08 season, he was out of contract but was offered new terms by the club. In July 2008, he and his brother Michael both left Mansfield Town after turning down a contract offer to remain with the club in the Football Conference for the 2008–09 season.
Bradford City.
Later the same month, the brothers signed for League Two side Bradford City, joining the team on their tour of Scotland. He was named as a substitute three times early in the season, without making a first-team appearance, but an ankle injury halted his progress. Rory Boulding made his first start for Bradford against Chesterfield in the final game of the 2008–09 season where Bradford City won 2–0; Boulding was replaced by Leon Osbourne after 57 minutes. His brother, Michael Boulding, scored the Bantams second goal. Both brothers had their contracts cancelled early by mutual consent in March 2010, with Rory having played just three games for the club.
Accrington Stanley.
On 27 July 2010, Boulding joined fellow League Two side Accrington Stanley on a one-year contract, going on to make his debut on 7 August, in a 0–0 draw with Aldershot. He scored his first goal for the club on 4 September, in a 1–1 draw with Wycombe Wanderers. On 23 May, it was announced by Accrington that he would be released at the end of June 2011 when his current contract expired. In all he made seventeen appearances, scoring twice.
Livingston.
In July 2011, Boulding joined Scottish First Division side Livingston on a one-year deal, after impressing on trial. He made his debut on 30 July 2011, scoring the first goal in a 6–0 win over Arbroath in the Scottish League Cup. On 26 November 2011, he was sent off for foul and abusive language in a match against Ross County. Bouldings's form picked up in the latter half of the season, scoring ten goals over six games, including a hat-trick over Raith Rovers and in doing so picked up the Ginger Boot award for April 2012. He left the club at the end of the season, after failing to agree terms on a new contract. In all he made thirty two appearances, scoring thirteen times.
Kilmarnock.
Following his departure from Livingston he joined Scottish Premier League side Heart of Midlothian and then Kilmarnock on trial. On 21 July 2012, Boulding signed for Kilmarnock on a three-year contract. After just six months and four games on 16 January 2013, Boulding was released from his contract.
Dundee United.
In March 2013 Boulding went on trial with Dundee United, who were short of forward players following an injury to Johnny Russell. He subsequently signed a short term contract until the end of the season. On 6 April 2013, Boulding scored his first goal for Dundee United in dramatic fashion. The goal, an injury time winner against Aberdeen F.C, saw United clinch 6th spot just before the split at the expense of Boulding's old club, Kilmarnock F.C. At the end of the season Boulding's contract with Dundee United was not extended. 
Personal life.
Rory Boulding was born on 21 July 1988 in Sheffield, England, to Mick and Deirdre Boulding. He has five siblings, fellow footballer Michael, singer-songwriter Helen, tennis player Sally Laura, who plays rounders for England and Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="9721405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721405" title="Marton, East Riding of Yorkshire">
Marton, East Riding of Yorkshire

Marton is a hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England in an area known as Holderness. It is situated approximately north-east of Hull city centre and east of the village of Skirlaugh.
It forms part of the civil parish of Burton Constable.
Marton was served from 1864 to 1964 by Burton Constable railway station on the Hull and Hornsea Railway.
To the south-east of the settlement is the Roman Catholic Church of the Holy Sacrament which is a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9721408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721408" title="Walwa, Victoria">
Walwa, Victoria

Walwa (; Aboriginal for "a place of waters"), is a town in the Shire of Towong in north east Victoria, Australia. The town is located 1 kilometre from the Murray River on the former Murray Valley highway between Wodonga and Corryong. At the 2006 census, Walwa and the surrounding area had a population of 268.
Across the river on the New South Wales side are the nearby towns of Jingellic and Tumbarumba.
History.
A Post Office first opened on 1 March 1861 and closed in 1865. A Post Office again opened on 1 December 1885, although known as Walwa Creek from 1886 until 1905. Currently the Walwa Post Office is owned and operated by Colin Beer and Gayle Arnold, and services the areas of Walwa, Burrowye, Guys Forrest and Sandy Creek.
Attractions.
Pine Mountain a few kilometres out of Walwa, located in the Burrowa-Pine Mountain National Park is the largest monolith in the southern hemisphere at 1.5 times the size of Uluru (Ayres Rock).
Walwa includes a Medical Centre, a Country Fire Authority (CFA) fire station, the Walwa Pub, Upper Murray Holiday Resort, Riverside Caravan Park, Tennis Courts and a Football/Netball Club, Walwa Primary School, Jemba Rock Crafts and Gifts, a B&B, Country Tractor Service, Veterinary Clinic, Panel Beaters, Radio station (Radio Upper Murray RUM), Community Op Shop.
The town has an Australian rules football team competing in the Upper Murray Football League known as the Border Walwa Magpies.
Golfers play at the course of the Walwa Golf Club on Murray River Road.

</doc>
<doc id="9721414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721414" title="Hans K. Ziegler">
Hans K. Ziegler

Hans K. Ziegler (born in 1911 in Munich, Germany; died December 11, 1999) was a pioneer in the field of communication satellites and the use of photovoltaic solar cells as a power source for satellites. (He is a different person from the Hans Ziegler who is the subject of another article.)
Life.
Hans Ziegler was born in Munich, Germany. There, he studied at the "Technische Hochschule", which is today the "Technische Universität München" (TUM), and began his career as "Wissenschaftlicher Assistant" (Scientific Assistant), which corresponds to a "professor" at US universities. Following that, he was a researcher in German industry for ten years. During the Second World War, he worked for the company Rosental Selb in Bavaria on high tension porcelain.
In 1947, he came to the USA with Wernher von Braun under Operation Paperclip, by means of which the USA gained German engineers and scientists. He went to the U. S. Army Signal Corps' Laboratories in Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, and became a U.S. citizen in 1954.
Dr. Hans K. Ziegler's work in the USA was very influential in the development of military electronics, especially in the electronics for the early phases of the U.S. space program. During the thirty years he worked as an engineer in the field of electronics and electrical engineering in the research and development department of the U.S. Army in Fort Monmouth, N.J. (from 1947 to 1976), he held the top position of Chief Scientist for 12 years. In Fort Monmouth, he worked as a Scientific Consultant, Assistant Director of Research, Director of the Astro-Electronics Division and Chief Scientist (1959). After the Army was restructured, he became Deputy for Science and Chief Scientist of the US Army Electronics Command in 1963 and Director of the US Army Electronics Technology & Devices Laboratory from 1971 until his retirement.
In May 1954, after examining the solar cells of Daryl Chapin, Calvin Fuller and Gerald Pearson at Bell Laboratories, Ziegler wrote, ""Future development the silicon solar cell may well render it into an important source of electrical power the roofs of all our buildings in cities and towns equipped with solar [cells would be sufficient to produce this country's entire demand for electrical power."
Referring to silicon solar cells, he said to the head of the U. S. Signal Corps, General James O'Connell, at a meeting in September 1955, ""In fact, in the long run, mankind has no choice but to turn to the sun if it wants to survive.""
He and his team produced a report on the prospects for application of this technique in the field of communication and they named the supply of energy for artificial satellites as the most important application. He knew that he was not the first to suggest this application. For example, the science fiction author, Arthur C. Clarke had already made this suggestion in 1945, but without having a concrete technology for it at that time.
Ziegler participated in the development of the first planned satellites. The first satellite,
Explorer 1, still went into space without solar cells, since it was a quick, less-than-ideal solution after the start of the Sputnik to show the American public that America's scientists could also start a satellite. The actual scheduled satellite project, Project Vanguard, successfully put a satellite named Vanguard I in orbit around Earth on March 17, 1958.
Over the objections of the Navy, which still thought that solar cells were not a mature technology, this satellite had four solar cells on its outer hull, due to the persistent work of Hans Ziegler, which powered the instruments and performed their duties reliably for more than seven years. After this success, solar cells were established as the energy supply for satellites. He was also involved with the development of the first communication satellite in the world, SCORE, which was started in 1958.
He was awarded the Meritorious Civilian Service Award by the U.S. Department of Defense in 1963 as a "" world pioneer in communications satellites and solar energy systems to power satellites"". When he retired in 1977, he was decorated with the highest award of the Army for ""exceptional civilian service"".
Dr. Hans K. Ziegler was the author of many technical papers, a member of the IEEE, and represented the USA, in military and civilian matters, in many national and international committees. In 1958, he was a member of the US delegation to the International Geophysical Year in Moscow, USSR, and in 1964, he gave advice on the scientific activities in Antarctica and at the South Pole, under the direction of the U.S. National Science Foundation.
Hans Ziegler's wife Friederike died in 1996. He last lived in Colts Neck Township, New Jersey and died at the age of 88 on December 11, 1999. He was survived by his daughters, Christine Griffith and Friederike Meindl, and his son, Hans.
External links.
"Relevant links on Fort Monmouth history site:"
"Other sites:"

</doc>
<doc id="9721437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721437" title="Ask a Librarian">
Ask a Librarian

Ask a Librarian is Florida's statewide collaborative live virtual reference service and is administered by the Tampa Bay Library Consortium (TBLC). Ask a Librarian began as a partnership between the College Center for Library Automation (CCLA) and TBLC. Ask a Librarian was funded initially in 2002-2003 with Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA) funds as a pilot project of the Florida Electronic Library. Ask a Librarian is currently an official service of the Florida Electronic Library.
The service was activated on July 28, 2003. Tampa-area libraries were the first to participate, with Pasco County libraries joining shortly afterward. Within the first year, "nearly 7,500 Floridians" had used the service to get answers from a librarian.
Ask a Librarian currently has 130 participating libraries (with 3 additional members during the 2012-2013 year), including public libraries and library systems, K-12 libraries, and university, and college libraries. On August 19, 2007, Ask a Librarian answered its 100,000th question. As of February 2011, Ask a Librarian had logged over 274,000 live virtual reference sessions and e-mail questions. In 2012, the service introduced a mobile-friendly interface for tablets and phones.
The service provides all of Florida's citizens with live virtual reference services featuring live chat and text messaging via local library customized web sites and embedded widgets and Instant Invites from 10 am to midnight EST Sunday through Thursday, and from 10 am to 5 pm EST Friday and Saturday. Participating libraries utilize the software to provide local live virtual reference services to their patrons. An e-mail form is available to patrons 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. All e-mail is answered by the local participating library. Ask a Librarian Mobile debuted in January 2008. It provides chat, text, and email reference service to mobile devices.

</doc>
<doc id="9721461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721461" title="Nacional Atlético Clube Sociedade Civil Ltda.">
Nacional Atlético Clube Sociedade Civil Ltda.

Nacional Atlético Clube, usually known simply as Nacional, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Rolândia, Paraná state, founded on April 28, 1947. In 2004 the club competed in the Brazilian Championship Third Division.
History.
In 1998, Nacional won the Campeonato Paranaense Third Division, and in 2003 the club won the Campeonato Paranaense Second Division, finishing ahead of CIanorte, ADAP, Marechal, Dois Vizinhos and Foz do Iguaçu in the final stage.
In 2004, the club competed in the Brazilian Championship Third Division, but was eliminated in the first stage.

</doc>
<doc id="9721469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721469" title="German submarine U-3">
German submarine U-3

U-3 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
U-3 or U-III may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721486" title="Cristina Braga">
Cristina Braga

Cristina Braga is an internationally known Brazilian harpist. Working with various styles of both classical and popular music, she has released fourteen recorded works, two of them also released in the United States, one released in Japan, and one in Korea. She also performs regularly as soloist with many Symphony Orchestras, has won several prizes and is currently principal harpist at the Theatro Municipal do Rio de Janeiro Symphony Orchestra, as well as teacher at the School of Music at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro.
From 1990 until 1993 she was a member of the Board of Directors of the World Harp Congress, and made several tours of Europe along with concerts in Israel and USA. She studied with Acácia Brazil at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, where she graduated with a Gold Medal Award. She also studied with Susann McDonald at Indiana University.
In 2002 she was re-elected as director of the WHC-Geneva, organizing a workshop on Brazilian rhythms on the harp and performing in a show at the prestigious Victoria Hall. She also performed in Zurich and Montreux. She was the first harpist from Latin America to teach and perform at the Munique Music School, and at the Mozarteum in Salzburg, invited by Professor Helga Storck.
In Brazil, she was the first harpist to record a Samba CD in which the harp is responsible for the whole harmonic base. She also played with the rock band Titãs, in their successful unplugged live album.
Since 2003 she has been the organizer of the "Festival Vale do Café", a festival of music, history and nature, in the mountains of the south of the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2006 the festival included the 5th Latin-American Harp Festival, with musicians from all over Latin-America.
Cristina has also performed with many leading Brazilian singers such as Nara Leão, Angela Maria, Peri Ribeiro, Moreira da Silva, Zizi Possi and Quarteto em Cy, among others.
In 2008 she released the CD Paisagem, a collaboration with American cellist Eugene Friesen, in which she interprets many of the most important songs of all time in the Brazilian Popular Repertoire. The CD was released by Biscoito Fino in Brasil and by Musimedi in Europe.
In 2010 she released with Enja Records the CD Harpa Bossa, in many concerts in Europe. She has already performed in many of the most prestigious Jazz Houses in Germany, including the Unterfahrt in Muenchen, the Birdland in Neuburg, the Jazztone in Loerach, the B-flat in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="9721492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721492" title="Sabrina Lefrançois">
Sabrina Lefrançois

Sabrina Lefrançois (born 22 November 1980) is a French former pair skater. With Nicolas Osseland, she placed fourth at the 1997 World Junior Championships, 12th at the 1997 European Championships, and 17th at the 1998 Winter Olympics. She later competed with Jérôme Blanchard and won the 2004 French national title.

</doc>
<doc id="9721493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721493" title="Jeanne Guillemin">
Jeanne Guillemin

Jeanne Harley Guillemin (born 1943) is a medical anthropologist and author, who for 25 years was a Professor of Sociology at Boston College and for the last ten years, a senior fellow in the Security Studies Program at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She is an authority on biological weapons and has published four books on the topic.
Biography.
While at Boston College, Guillemin did extensive research on hospital technology and medical ethics, receiving fellowships to work on the U.S. Senate Finance Committee staff and at the Hastings Center for the Study of Ethics. She was also co-head of the National Library of Medicine's HealthAware Project, a joint project with Harvard Medical School to test how the internet could be used to educate people about preventive health measures. 
In 1986, Guillemin became the third wife of the prominent Harvard geneticist and molecular biologist Matthew Meselson. Meselson was well into a second career as an anti-chemical and biological weapons activist and it was at this time that Guillemin became interested in the misuse of biomedical science by government weapons programs. She involved herself in two of her husband's investigations of alleged violations of international arms control agreements by the Soviet Union which involved germ weapons. The first was the "yellow rain" accusation by the United States against the USSR, to the effect that the Soviets enabled the Laotian army to use deadly mycotoxins to attack Hmong refugees allied with the US during the Vietnam War. This accusation had been disputed by Meselson in 1983 when he argued that the yellow material was actually bee feces mistaken for a biological weapon by those under attack and by certain US government scientists. (The issue remains disputed and the US government has not withdrawn the allegations, arguing that the controversy has not been fully resolved.)
In 1992, Guillemin became part of Meselson's investigation into another Cold War controversy, the 1979 outbreak of anthrax in Sverdlovsk, a closed Soviet city in the Ural Mountains. The Soviet government claimed the cause was infected meat. Guillemin's interviews with the families of victims (64 people were recorded as dying) resulted in an epidemiological map showing the source to be an air-borne release of anthrax spores from a military facility where, in violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention, the testing of anthrax weapons had been in process. In 1994, the results of this research were published in "Science" and in 1999 her book on this research was published ("Anthrax: The Investigation of a Deadly Outbreak", U of California Press). 
After 9/11, with the advent of the anthrax letter attacks, Guillemin was frequently asked by the media to explain the disease, based on her experience in Russia. In 2005 she published "Biological Weapons: From State-sponsored Programs to Contemporary Bioterorism", Columbia U Press) which offers a concise, comprehensive history of how anthrax and other microbes were developed as weapons over the course of the 20th century, resulting in potential bioterrorism. She turned her attention to the 2001 anthrax letter attacks after the 2008 suicide of the FBI's prime suspect, an anthrax scientist who worked for the U.S. Army at Fort Detrick, Maryland. Her third book on biological weapons is about the letters and their impact on victims and government organizations. It is called "American Anthrax: Fear, Crime, and the Investigation of the Nation's Deadliest Bioterror Attack", (Macmillan/Holt/Times, 2011). 
Books.
"Guillemin wrote introductions to new editions of:"
"Guillemin edited:"

</doc>
<doc id="9721524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721524" title="Cunningham correction factor">
Cunningham correction factor

In fluid dynamics, the Cunningham correction factor or Cunningham slip correction factor is used to account for noncontinuum effects when calculating the drag on small particles. The derivation of Stokes Law, which is used to calculate the drag force on small particles, assumes a No-slip condition which is no longer correct at high Knudsen number. The Cunningham slip correction factor allows predicting the drag force on a particle moving a fluid with Knudsen number between the continuum regime and free molecular flow.
The drag coefficient calculated with standard correlations is divided by the Cunningham correction factor, C given below.
Ebenezer Cunningham derived the correction factor in 1910 and verified with Robert Andrews Millikan the correction in the same year.
where
The Cunningham correction factor becomes significant when particles become smaller than 15 micrometers, for air at ambient conditions.
For sub-micrometer particles, Brownian motion must be taken into account.

</doc>
<doc id="9721533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721533" title="Atlético Clube Paranavaí">
Atlético Clube Paranavaí

Atlético Clube Paranavaí, usually known simply as Paranavaí, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Paranavaí, Paraná state, founded on March 14, 1946.
History.
On March 14, 1946, Atlético Clube Paranavaí was founded. In 1967, the club won its first title, which was the Campeonato Paranaense Second Level.
In 2007, Paranavaí won the state championship, after they beat Paraná in the final. In the same year, the club competed in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, and was eliminated in the first stage of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9721552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721552" title="Jérôme Blanchard">
Jérôme Blanchard

Jérôme Blanchard (born 20 July 1981) is a French former pair skater. With Sabrina Lefrançois, he is the 2004 French national champion. He also competed for one season with Maria Mukhortova.
Career.
With partner Sabrina Lefrançois, he won the gold medal at the 2004 French Figure Skating Championships. She retired due to injury. He later trained with Rinata Araslanova. In mid-2007, he began skating with Valeria Vorobieva. The French skating federation was reluctant to release Blanchard but after a long battle he was free to skate with Vorobieva for Russia. However, they did not compete in any international events and their partnership dissolved. 
Blanchard then skated in Russian ice shows. He was partnered with singer Yulia Savicheva for the Star Ice show. In May 2010, Blanchard teamed up with Maria Mukhortova to compete for Russia. At the 2011 Russian Nationals, they finished 7th overall. In February 2011, their coach Oleg Vasiliev said they had taken some time off due to funding issues. On March 4, Vasiliev confirmed their partnership had ended and Blanchard had returned to France to work at the family hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="9721561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721561" title="Red King">
Red King

Red King may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721564" title="Susan Hale">
Susan Hale

Susan Hale (December 5, 1833 – September 17, 1910) was an American author, traveler and artist.
Biography.
She was born in Boston, Massachusetts to Nathan Hale and Sarah Preston Everett who had a total of eleven children. Susan's father, Nathan Hale, nephew and namesake of the patriot hero, was a lawyer and editor/owner of the "Boston Daily Advertiser" while her mother, also an author, was a sister of Edward Everett, a Unitarian minister and politician.
Growing up, Susan was mostly the companion of her older sister Lucretia. She was educated privately by tutors until she was 16, and then entered the school of George B. Emerson. Without any particular teaching, she learned to draw and to paint early in life.
For many years, she was a successful teacher in Boston. She started on this occupation when her father became ill and the family income needed to be supplemented.
In 1860, she moved to Brookline with her family. Her father died there in 1862 and her mother in 1865. When the family situation broke up in 1867, Susan and her sister Lucretia went abroad to stay with their brother Charles who was consul general of the United States in Egypt. On returning from abroad, Susan took rooms at 91 Boylston Street in Boston and continued her teaching.
In 1872, she decided she wanted to get the best training in watercolor she could, and went abroad again and studied art in Paris, France, and Weimar, Germany, for nearly a year. When she returned in 1873, she began giving lessons in watercolors. She lived and maintained a studio in the Art Club at 64 Boylston Street. Later she began holding meetings where she read or talked to people.
In 1885, she began to keep house at the summer home of her brother, Edward Everett Hale, in Matunuck, Rhode Island, which she called home until her death in 1910. Her brother and his wife had gone abroad to look after their sick daughter. Susan eventually moved most of her things to Matunuck, and began to spend time there regularly during summers. During winters, she traveled. In earlier years, she had spent winters working in Boston and traveled in the summer. She continued visiting Boston between her travels abroad and her stays at Matunuck. Her watercolors were mostly landscapes done during her travels; she also described her travels in vivid detail in letters to her sister Lucretia.

</doc>
<doc id="9721568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721568" title="Henry West">
Henry West

Henry Skinner West (1870–1961) was the fifth principal of Maryland State Normal School (now Towson University).
West was Maryland educated and graduated from Baltimore City College. He earned both his B.A. and Ph.D. degrees from Johns Hopkins University. West possessed had an impressive academic background, teaching at all levels from primary to college. In 1917, Dr. West was appointed to serve as principal of the Normal School. During his tenure, MSNS faced some of its most difficult times. Rnrollment dropped severely due to World War I, funding for the School was inadequate, dormitory space was insufficient, and pay scale for teachers was poor. In 1920, West left his position as Principal to become the Superintendent of Schools in Baltimore. He held this position for five years and in 1926 went to the University of Miami in Florida to become its first Dean of the College of Liberal Arts. As Principal of the Normal School, Dr. West initiated an enrollment campaign to attract more students, reorganized the school's administration, introduced the first summer session in 1918 and was instrumental in getting the State to adopt a system of teacher certification.

</doc>
<doc id="9721579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721579" title="Bilateral descent">
Bilateral descent

Bilateral descent is a system of family lineage in which the relatives on the mother's side and father's side are equally important for emotional ties or for transfer of property or wealth. It is a family arrangement where descent and inheritance are passed equally through both parents. Families who use this system trace descent through both parents simultaneously and recognize multiple ancestors, but unlike with cognatic descent it is not used to form descent groups.
While bilateral descent is increasingly the norm in Western culture, traditionally it is only found among relatively few groups in West Africa, India, Australia, Indonesia, Melanesia, Malaysia and Polynesia. Anthropologists believe that a tribal structure based on bilateral descent helps members live in extreme environments because it allows individuals to rely on two sets of families dispersed over a wide area.
Under bilateral descent, every tribe member belongs to two clans, one through the father (a patriclan) and another through the mother (a matriclan). For example, among the Himba, clans are led by the eldest male in the clan. Sons live with their father's clan and when daughters marry they go to live with the clan of their husband. However inheritance of wealth does not follow the patriclan but is determined by the matriclan i.e. a son does not inherit his father's cattle but his maternal uncle's instead.
Javanese people, the largest ethnic group in Indonesia, also adopt a bilateral kinship system .
The Urapmin people, a small tribe in Papua New Guinea, have a system of kinship classes known as "tanum miit". The classes are inherited bilaterally from both parents. Since they also practice strict endogamy, most Urapmin belong to all of the major classes, creating great fluidity and doing little to differentiate individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="9721588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721588" title="Broussard v. School Board of Norfolk">
Broussard v. School Board of Norfolk

Broussard v. School Board of Norfolk, 801 F. Supp. 1526 (E.D. Va. 1992) was a court case that took place in Norfolk, Virginia, United States in 1992. A student was disciplined for wearing a t-shirt that read "Drugs Suck". When he sued, his lawyer claimed that his shirt was a form of free speech protected by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution and the Tinker Standard. The court ruled in favor of the school board, saying that although the shirt displayed an anti-drug message, the word "sucks" was a vulgar word with a sexual connotation and therefore not allowed in school.

</doc>
<doc id="9721593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721593" title="Height of Land Portage">
Height of Land Portage

Height of Land Portage is a portage along the historic Boundary Waters route between Canada and the United States. Located at the border of the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of Minnesota, the path is a relatively easy crossing of the Laurentian Divide separating the watersheds of the Atlantic and Arctic oceans. 
It was used for centuries for canoe travel by the First Nations, and the historic route of which it was a part became a preindustrial thoroughfare giving the Voyageurs and Coureurs des bois access to the fur trading posts in western Canada. For many years the portage was part of an important route from Lower Canada to the interior of the North American continent. It became part of the boundary between British North America and the United States following the American Revolution and treaties delineating the border. In recognition of this history, the portage is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places, and is a Minnesota State Historic Site. 
Located in La Verendrye Provincial Park and the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness in the unspoiled country along the international boundary, the portage retains its traditional use, but for recreational canoe trips rather than commerce.
Geography.
The portage, 80 rods (about 402 m) long, crosses a low saddle between North Lake and South Lake in the Rove Formation. It adjoins the boundary vista, a cleared strip which marks the Canada – United States border between those lakes. South Lake is the source of the Arrow River, tributary to the Pigeon River, which flows east to Lake Superior, other Great Lakes, and the St. Lawrence River to the Atlantic Ocean. North Lake is in the watershed of the Rainy River, which drains by way of the Winnipeg and Nelson Rivers to Hudson Bay. 
According to the Canada/US International Boundary Commission Ontario's boundaries with the United States run 2700 kilometers on water and only about one kilometer on land. The 80-rod Height of Land Portage is a significant part of the land border; the remainder is along two other portages, "Watap Portage" (100 rods) a short distance to its east, and "Swamp" (or "Monument") "Portage" (~ 72–80 rods) to the west in the BWCA and Quetico Provincial Park.
History.
The Height of Land Portage may have had its origin as a route for foraging or migrating animals. Historians believe that many portages started as animal tracks, and were later used by the early inhabitants of the area. Prior to the "Contact Period" (when peoples of the First Nations first encountered European explorers), those natives had long used birchbark canoes as the principal means of travel in the thick boreal forest of the Quetico-Superior area. The Height of Land Portage likely was used by those peoples.
The search for the Northwest Passage, the fur trade, and missionary activity brought European travelers to the area. La Vérendrye had discovered this native route in 1732, when he used it to reach Rainy Lake. In the latter part of the Eighteenth Century it was used by "voyageurs" of the French-Canadian fur brigades as their main route from Grand Portage on Lake Superior to the "pays d'en haut", the "upper country" beyond the height of land separating the Great Lakes from the fur country in the Northwest. See Canadian Canoe Routes (early). At one time there was a refitting station on the west end of the portage where canoes were repaired.
Voyageurs coming for the first time to the "pays d'en haut" were initiated after crossing the portage. Each newcomer would be sprinkled with a cedar bough dipped in water, and be made to swear that he would not allow another novice to pass that way without undergoing similar rites and that he would never kiss another voyageur's wife without her consent. Concluding the ceremony with a gunfire salute and drinks of "high wine" (a type of rum), the new "Homme du nord" or "Nor'wester" and his company would resume their journey.
Inclusion in international border.
Following the American Revolution the Treaty of Paris set the international boundary between British North America and the United States along the line of water communication between Lake Superior and the Lake of the Woods. During the era of exploration there were three principal routes used by canoe brigades to connect these two lakes, all of which crossed the divide separating western Lake Superior from the Hudson Bay watershed: 
Britain asserted that the westernmost St. Louis-Vermilion route was the usual line of water communications, while the United States advocated the easternmost Kam–Dog–Maligne Route. Following surveys in the early Nineteenth Century, the Webster-Ashburton Treaty of 1842 fixed the route along the Pigeon River and the Height of Land Portage between North and South Lakes. 
Since then the portage has been recognized as part of the border. "Free and open to the use of the citizens and subjects of both countries", it continues in its historic use as a footpath for the overland transport of canoes across the divide separating the Great Lakes Basin from the Canadian northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="9721611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721611" title="Dray Skky">
Dray Skky

Dray Skky is an American songwriter born in South Carolina, and raised in Miami, Florida.
Nicknamed "Skky" by affiliates in the urban market, she debut her vocal abilities on Trick Daddy's December 19, 2006 album release "Back By Thug Demand". Rumors quickly spread in the Fall of 2007 that Skky had signed with Dunk Ryder Records, teaming up with Trick Daddy, Iceburg, Fella, and Soup for what would have been an unstoppable combination for the South.
The rumors came to a stop when DunkRyder's (the group) signed with Cash Money/Universal and Skky was not part of the deal. In an interview Skky said, "At the time, I wasn't pursuing a singing career, I was more focused on my writing and Trick knew that. In fact, I was actually writing and developing a friend who wasn't the strongest writer, but had an amazing vocal talent. I really wanted to see her be successful."
In March 2009, Skky signed an independent deal with a local Miami label. In April, Skky had her debut song, "Catch 22", featuring Brisco with Poe Boy Entertainment and produced by GoldRush with Dunk Ryder Records, mastered and set for a May release date. The song was rumored to have leaked two weeks early, but the response was so positive, it sparked the decision to proceed with the music video.
Skky filmed the video for "Catch 22" in May 2009 which features Brisco, Tiffany (BET's College Hill South Beach), and K.O.(Skky's official dance team).
A reliable Circle House engineer claims that Skky's relationship with the label turned sour due to some bad dealings by the label owner. Skky's manager immediately dealt with the situation and separated Skky from the label.
In 2010, Dray Skky and her Manager Damon formed Skky Music LLC, an Artist Management, Artist Development Company. In the fall of 2010 Skky Music LLC signed the following acts to the Management Division: (1) Mirani Starr Rapper, (2) Sariyna Singer, (3) UnTuchabel Rapper, (4) Top Flight Generals Rap Group.
Early life.
Dray Skky was born in Columbia, South Carolina to Mary Williams and Clifton Skcih. She signed to Millie Lewis Modeling Agency at the age of five and for two years she starred in various department store commercials and advertisements. In elementary school, Skky developed a passion for writing poetry and short stories. When she moved to Carrollton, GA in the third grade, a childhood friend, who played the guitar, convinced Skky to add melody to her poems. This is when Skky realized how much she enjoyed the art of songwriting.
Influences.
Dray Skky indicates on her website that some of her influences include: Micheal Jackson, Yolanda Adams, Beyonce Knowles, Faith Evans, Mariah Carey, Toni Braxton, and Prince.

</doc>
<doc id="9721615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721615" title="San Nicola da Tolentino agli Orti Sallustiani">
San Nicola da Tolentino agli Orti Sallustiani

San Nicola da Tolentino agli Orti Sallustiani (Italian: Saint Nicholas of Tolentino in the Gardens of Sallust) is a church in Rome. It is one of the two national churches of Armenia. The church was built for the Discalced Augustinians in 1599, and originally dedicated to the 13th century Augustinian monk, St. Nicholas of Tolentino (also called "San Niccolò" or "Nicolò da Tolentino").
History.
The interior was rebuilt 1614–1620 by Carlo Buti and Martino Longhi, supported by patronage by the Pamphilj family. The Milanese architect Francesco Buzio was also involved in the redesign. Starting in 1654, it was rebuilt by Giovanni Maria Baratta, one of the main pupils of Alessandro Algardi. In 1833, The church was given to the Pontifical Armenian College by pope Leo XIII. The Armenian Catholic Church is in full communion with the Roman Catholic Church.
Interior.
The main altarpiece of "San Giovanni Battista" is by Baciccio. The sculpture of the "Madonna with Child offering the Miraculous Bread to St Nicholas, St Augustine and St Monica" over the main altar was completed by Domenico Guidi with Angels by Baratta, with surrounding work of stucco by Ercole Ferrata. The high altar was based on a design by Algardi.
The first chapel on the right has a depiction of "A Miracle of St Nicholas of Bari" by Filippo Laurenzi, made in 1710. 
The "Annunciation" is by Pughelli, with lateral panels by Giovanni Ventura Borghesi.
In the third chapel on the right side is the sepulchral monument of Cardinal Federico Lante delle Rovere, with paintings by Pietro Paolo Baldini. 
The third chapel on the left was designed in 1668 by Pietro da Cortona who began the ceiling fresco work, although after his death, it was finished by Ciro Ferri. The sculptural relief at the altar of the "Apparition of the Blessed Virgin to Blessed Anthony Botta" was completed by Cosimo Fancelli, and statues of "St Joseph" by Ercole Ferrata and "St John the Baptist" by Antonio Raggi. The second chapel on the left, known as the Cappella Buratti, was designed by Giovan Battista Mola.
The dome is octagonal, with eight windows. It is decorated with four female figures symbolizing the four fundamental virtues of the Augustinian Order: Chastity, Humility, Poverty and Obedience. They were made by Pietro Paolo Ubaldini in 1643. There is also a fresco depicting "The Glory of St Nicholas of Tolentino" by Giovanni Coli and Filippo Gherardi. The Sant' Agnese painting in the crossing is a copy of Guercino.

</doc>
<doc id="9721620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721620" title="Crati">
Crati

The Crati is a river in Calabria, southern Italy. It is the largest river of Calabria and the third largest river of Southern Italy after the Volturno and the Sele. In classical antiquity it was known as the Crathis (Greek: ).
Geography.
The Crati rises in the central Sila Mountains in the "comune" Aprigliano. It starts at as the "Craticello" at an elevation of 1,742 meters. It descends very steeply northward towards Cosenza where it is joined on the left by the Busento river, doubling in size. From here on it flows through a large plain, the Vallo del Crati. Here it is joined by several tributaries from the right: the Arente, Mucone (its main tributary on the right) and Duglia rivers. Several smaller streams also join it on the right: the Finita, Turbolo, Cucchiato, Campagnano, Mavigliano and Settimo.
With a discharge of 20 m/s it continues to Tarsia where a dam forms an artificial lake of the same name. From here it changes course to the northeast and meets with the Coscile river approximately five kilometers from the Gulf of Taranto. The Coscile is its main tributary on the left which again doubles the river in size. It continues eastwards, passing immediately south of the archaeological site of Sybaris and Thurii. Its mouth is near the marina of the "comune" Corigliano Calabro.
Hydrology.
The Crati is the largest river in the region in terms of discharge, both as an annual average (about 36 m/s), minimum (about 10 m/s) and maximum (more than 3,000 m/s). The river is very seasonal and can sometimes bring disastrous winter floods, which happened most recently in December 2008.
History.
Because of its close proximity to the famous ancient city of Sybaris the Crati was noticed by many ancient writers. Lycophron and Theocritus mention the river in their poetry. Euripides praises the river and alleges that it would change the color of the hair to auburn. Others mention different colors and Pliny the Elder writes that it would make sheep white. According to Strabo the river received its name because it was a mixture, just like the Krathis river in Achaea. Pausanias and Herodotus also mention it, but state that the river was named after the Krathis river.
Strabo also claims that the Croton diverted the course of the Crathis to submerge Sybaris. Research has not confirmed this. The Crati transports coarse sand and pebbles in its channel. If Strabo's claim is true, that material would have been deposited as sediment above the city when the river submerged it. An analysis of core samples taken from the site of Sybaris by Stanley and Bernasconi did not find such river deposits directly above the former city. Future retrieval of additional cores and facies analysis will eventually confirm or discredit Strabo's account.
In the time of Sybaris the Coscile was not a tributary of the Crati but pursued a direct course to the Gulf of Taranto. It probably followed a course at a short distance to the north of Sybaris.

</doc>
<doc id="9721628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721628" title="Associação Portuguesa Londrinense">
Associação Portuguesa Londrinense

Associação Portuguesa Londrinense, usually known simply as Portuguesa Londrinense, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Londrina, Paraná state, founded on May 14, 1950.
History.
On May 14, 1950, the club was founded as Associação Atlética Portuguesa de Desportos.
In 1997, the club was renamed to its current name, Associação Portuguesa Londrinense, after returning to compete in professional competitions. In 2007 the club merged with Cambé Atlético Clube.

</doc>
<doc id="9721653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721653" title="Under the Waterfall">
Under the Waterfall

Under The Waterfall is the third album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. It was released in 1995 by Word Records.
Renowned singer/pianist Michael W. Smith plays keyboards on the song "I'll Stand".

</doc>
<doc id="9721673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721673" title="The Path to Power">
The Path to Power

The Path to Power may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721691" title="HTFC">
HTFC

HTFC may refer to one of the following English football clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="9721705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721705" title="Phoenix Academy (North Carolina)">
Phoenix Academy (North Carolina)

Phoenix Academy is a K-5 charter school located in High Point, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9721745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721745" title="Florida State Road 152">
Florida State Road 152

State Road 152, locally known as Baymeadows Road, is a state road in Jacksonville, Florida, from State Road 13 to an intersection with I-295.
At its eastern terminus, Baymeadows Road turns north, and intersects Gate Parkway. West of the western terminus, the road continues as a residential street, Holly Grove Avenue, heading toward the St. Johns River.

</doc>
<doc id="9721746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721746" title="Idiosepius notoides">
Idiosepius notoides

Idiosepius notoides, also known as the Southern Pygmy Squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, off southern and eastern Australia. It inhabits shallow, inshore waters.
Females grow to 25 mm in mantle length (ML), while males are not known to exceed 15.8 mm ML.
The type specimen was collected off Goolwa, South Australia and is deposited at the South Australian Museum in Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="9721748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721748" title="Charlotte Kalla">
Charlotte Kalla

Marina Charlotte Kalla (born 22 July 1987) is a Swedish cross-country skier who has been competing since 2004. She won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km relay at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec. Her best individual finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was fifth in the 10 km event at Sapporo in 2007.
On 6 January 2008, Kalla won the second edition of Tour de Ski in her debut in the event.
On 6 May 2012, Kalla signed for Piteå Elit for the season 2012/13.
2010 Winter Olympics.
Kalla won the gold medal in the women's 10 km individual for Sweden at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada, with a time of 24:58.4. She also won a silver in the team sprint event with Anna Haag at those same games.
2014 Winter Olympics.
Kalla won a silver medal in the skiathlon event on 8 February in Sochi, and another silver in the classical race on 13 February. In the 4 x 5 km women's relay race, held on February 15, she ran in the final leg and started third with a 25.7 sec lag behind the first place and a 19.9 lag behind the second place, but totally reduced the gap, and overtook her competitors in the final straight, giving Sweden the gold medal. After the Olympics Pajala Airport changed its name to "Kalla International Airport".

</doc>
<doc id="9721755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721755" title="Lida Lee Tall">
Lida Lee Tall

Lida Lee Tall (1873- 1942) was the sixth principal/president of State Teachers College at Towson (now Towson University).
Early life and education.
Tall was Born in Maryland to Sarah E. and Washington Tall and educated in Baltimore's public schools, Dr. Tall earned her bachelor's degree at Columbia University and her doctorate at the University of Maryland.
Career.
Dr. Tall guided the institution through its major transition into a 4-year college. In 1935, the MSNS changed its name to the Maryland State Teachers College and implemented a four-year course leading to a bachelor of science degree. Under Dr. Tall's leadership, the college continued to expand and improve its programs, receiving national recognition for the quality of its programs and faculty. Of special interest to Dr. Tall was attracting good students to Towson and enriching their lives. She was active in the development of social and educational events and programs, promoted student government and numerous clubs and established the first honor society.

</doc>
