<doc id="9662371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662371" title="Somali diaspora">
Somali diaspora

The Somali diaspora refers to expatriate Somalis who reside in areas of the world that have traditionally not been inhabited by their ethnic group. The civil war in Somalia greatly increased the size of the Somali diaspora, as many Somalis moved to the Middle East, Europe, and North America.
Europe.
While the distribution of Somalis per country in Europe is difficult to measure since the Somali expatriate community on the continent has grown so quickly in recent years, there are significant Somali communities in the United Kingdom: 108,000; Sweden: 43,966 (2012); the Netherlands: 34,631 (2013); Norway: 19,656 (2007); Denmark: 16,550 (2008); and Finland: 14,045 (2011).
United Kingdom.
Although most Somalis in the United Kingdom are recent arrivals, the first Somalis to arrive were seamen and traders who settled in port cities in the late 19th century. By 2001, the UK census reported 43,532 Somali-born residents, making the Somali community in Britain the largest Somali expatriate population in Europe. An official 2010 estimate indicates that 108,000 Somalis live in the UK, with Somali community organisations putting the figure at 90,000 residents.
Established Somali communities are found in London, Birmingham, Liverpool, Cardiff and Bristol, and newer ones have formed in Manchester, Sheffield and Leicester. The Somali population in London alone accounts for roughly 78% of Britain's Somali residents. There has also been some secondary migration of Somalis to the UK from the Netherlands, Sweden and Denmark.
Finland.
Somalis are one of the largest ethnic minorities in Finland, and the largest group of people of non-European origin. In 2009, there were 5,570 Somali citizens, but an equal number may have received Finnish citizenship. In 2012 there were 14,769 Somali speakers in Finland. According to the Finnish National newspaper, Helsingin Sanomat, the number of Somali-speaking people in Finland in 2010 rose by nearly 10% in a year.
The Netherlands.
From 1989 to 1998, the Netherlands was the second-most common European destination for Somali immigrants, only slightly behind the United Kingdom and more than double the total of the next-most common destination, Denmark. However, between 2000 and 2005, there was a significant outflow of Somalis from the Netherlands to the United Kingdom, unofficially estimated to be as large as 20,000 people.
North America.
United States.
The first Somalis arrived in the United States in the 1940s. They were primarily seamen and New York was their destination. In the late 1970s, more Somali immigrants followed. Not until the 1990s when the civil war broke out in Somalia did the majority of Somalis come to the US.
The heaviest concentrations are in the Twin Cities (Minneapolis and St. Paul), followed by Atlanta, Georgia, Columbus, Ohio, Washington, D.C., New York City, Buffalo, New York, Seattle, Kansas City, San Diego, Lewiston, Maine, and San Francisco metro areas.
, an estimated 25,000 Somalis lived in the US state of Minnesota, with the Twin Cities home to the largest population of Somalis in North America. In the city of Minneapolis, there are hundreds of Somali-owned and operated businesses. Colorful stalls inside several malls offer everything from halal meat, to stylish leather shoes, to the latest fashion for men and women, as well as gold jewelry, money transfer or hawala offices, banners advertising the latest Somali films, video stores fully stocked with nostalgic love songs not found in the mainstream supermarkets, groceries, and boutiques.
Canada.
Canada hosts one of the largest Somali populations in the Western world, with the 2011 National Household Survey reporting 44,995 people claiming Somali descent, though unofficial estimates place the figure as high as 150,000 residents. Somalis tend to be concentrated in the southern part of the province of Ontario, especially the Ottawa and Toronto areas. The Albertan cities of Calgary and Edmonton have also seen a significant increase in their respective Somali communities over the past five years. In addition, the neighbourhood of Rexdale in Toronto has one of the largest Somali populations in the country. Statistics Canada's 2006 Census ranks people of Somali descent as the 69th largest ethnic group in Canada.
Middle East.
Somalis now comprise one of the largest immigrant communities in the United Arab Emirates. Somali-owned businesses line the streets of Deira, the Dubai city centre, with only Iranians exporting more products from the city at large. Internet cafés, hotels, coffee shops, restaurants and import-export businesses are all testimony to the Somalis' entrepreneurial spirit. Star African Air is also one of three Somali-owned airlines based in Dubai.
Africa.
Besides their traditional areas of inhabitation in Greater Somalia (Somalia, Djibouti, the Ogaden region of Ethiopia, and the North Eastern Province of Kenya), a Somali community mainly consisting of businesspeople, academics and students also exists in Egypt.
There is an historical Somali community in the general Sudan area. Primarily concentrated in the north and Khartoum, a geographical region where the local population exhibits strong cultural, physical and religious similarities with ethnic Somalis, the expatriate community mainly consists of students as well as some businesspeople.
More recently, Somali entrepreneurs have also established themselves in South Africa, where they provide most of the retail trade in informal settlements around the Western Cape province.

</doc>
<doc id="9662376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662376" title="Leo Podgorski">
Leo Podgorski

Leo Podgorski was a boxer who was the Chicago Golden Gloves Novice Division 112 lb. Champ in 1973. In 1975 he won the Chicago Park District 126 lb. Open Division Title. Final Amateur Record 43 - 42. Podgorski died in 2009.
He was the older brother of Stan Podgorski, amateur and professional boxer. He was the younger brother of Pete Podgorski, also an amateur and professional boxer, as well as a professional judge and referee. Podgorski had a handful of four-round professional bouts in the mid-1980s.
Podgorski resided in Chicago, Illinois. His best amateur victories were his Golden Gloves finals win over Brian Doherty, who went on to become Alderman of Chicago's 41st Ward. Another was his toe to toe battle with Luis Aguillar in an Open division semi-finals Golden Gloves match.

</doc>
<doc id="9662386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662386" title="Anal sphincterotomy">
Anal sphincterotomy

Anal sphincterotomy is a surgical procedure that involves treating mucosal fissures from the anal canal/sphincter. The word is formed from sphincter + otomy (to cut, to separate).

</doc>
<doc id="9662388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662388" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Quiché">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Quiché

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Quiché (erected 27 April 1967, as the Diocese of Santa Cruz del Quiché) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán. It was renamed on 11 July 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9662390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662390" title="1991 430 km of Autopolis">
1991 430 km of Autopolis

The 1991 430 km of Autopolis was the final round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Autopolis, Japan. It took place on October 28, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9662404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662404" title="Space Vehicle Mockup Facility">
Space Vehicle Mockup Facility

The Space Vehicle Mockup Facility (SVMF) is located inside Building 9 of Johnson Space Center in Houston. It includes several Space Shuttle mockups, as well as mockups of every major pressurized module on the International Space Station. It is primarily used for astronaut training and systems familiarization.
External links.
http://dx14.jsc.nasa.gov/svmf.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9662412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662412" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of San Marcos">
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Marcos

The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Marcos (erected 10 March 1951) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán.

</doc>
<doc id="9662429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662429" title="Li Feihui">
Li Feihui

Roy Loi Fey Huei, more commonly or affectionally known as Li Fei Hui (Traditional Chinese: 黎沸揮), is a singer from Singapore. She was dubbed as one of Singapore's brightest exports in Taiwan's music industry, back in the early 1990s. For the past two decades, besides penning his own songs and producing his own albums, the legendary musician has also been actively involved in writing and producing hit songs for many popular artistes of the region, such as Andy Lau, Jeff Chang, Jacky Cheung, Kelly Poon, Tanya Chua, A-do, etc. Currently, he is pre-occupied with the training of aspiring artistes and musical talents in his newly established music school - Imagine Music. He is also specially hand-picked by Mediacorp to participate as one of the judges in the judging panel of Singapore's biggest reality Chinese singing competitions - "Project Superstar" & "Campus SuperStar".
Biography.
Roy was born in Brunei, on the 12th of July 1965. Standing at the height of 170 cm, the Hainanese, highly anticipated talent started to pen his own songs in 1986, at the mere age of 21. In the same year, he managed to have three of his songs published and had them sang by renowned artistes of the Mando-pop scene. In total, he released five albums in Singapore, three albums in Taiwan, and an outstanding number of ten compilations in the past twenty years of his career.
Though Roy is a renowned song-writer and lyricist, he had not been attending proper music training prior to the release of his chart-topper hits. According to Roy, he just goes according to the feel of his strummings on the guitar when penning songs.
Â«愛如潮水Â», a prominent classic hit penned by Roy, catapulted Jeff Chang to instant stardom in 1994. Inevitably, this song managed to top the charts of countless radio stations in Asia, karaoke play lists, cell phone ringtone downloads charts, etc. In addition to this, Â«愛如潮水Â» has also garnered the likes of Hong Kong's heavenly king, Andy Lau, as he chose to resing and compile it in one of his albums.
Besides penning songs for commercial purposes, the patriotic Roy has also written and published the theme song for the President Star Charity Show in 1994. He specially played this piece of composition on the piano in his 1994 album, in dedication to the then-president of Singapore, Mr Ong Teng Cheong.
After dwelling and carving a niche for himself in Taiwan for 8 years, he decided to return to Singapore and joined Tinybox Music as a music consultant. From then, he embarked on his journey as an instructor who trains aspiring singing talents.
One of his most acclaimed prodigies - "Project Superstar" female champion of the 1st season, Kelly Poon, whom he had painstakingly trained for three years before she achieved stardom through this nation-wide Chinese singing competition.
Besides being the music director for Kelly Poon's debut album, "Love Me, Kelly", his self-written songs are also compiled in it.
In November 2006, he left Tinybox Music and established his own music school - .
"Project Superstar" 2nd season's contestants - Nathaniel Tan (runner up for the male category), Jeremy Kwan, Jeff Teay, are currently under his meticulous tutelage at Focus Music.
Roy is also known as a stern, witty, sarcastic, albeit jovial judge of the previous 2 seasons of "Project Superstar" and "Campus SuperStar".
Awards and nominations.
1994 - 2nd 93.3 FM Hit Awards - Nomination for Best Local Artiste
<br>1994 - 2nd 93.3 FM Hit Awards - Nomination for Best Local Music Composition
<br>1995 - 3rd 93.3 FM Hit Awards - Nomination for Best Local Artiste
<br>2000 - 7th 93.3 FM Hit Awards - Best Lyricist
<br>2004 - COMPASS Awards - Best Local Chinese Pop song

</doc>
<doc id="9662444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662444" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sololá-Chimaltenango">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sololá-Chimaltenango

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sololá-Chimaltenango (erected 10 March 1951, as the Diocese of Sololá) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán in Guatemala. It was elevated on 31 December 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9662447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662447" title="Losing My Mind">
Losing My Mind

"Losing My Mind" is a song written by Stephen Sondheim for the 1971 musical "Follies" for the character of a former showgirl Sally Durant Plummer.
"Follies".
"Losing My Mind" was first performed by Dorothy Collins in the role of "Sally Durant Plummer" in the original Broadway production of "Follies". Other performers who have sung the song in later productions of "Follies" include Barbara Cook (1985), Julia McKenzie (1987), Donna McKechnie (1998), Judith Ivey (2001), Victoria Clark (2007), and Bernadette Peters (2011). 
The song has been covered by many artists including Shirley Bassey and Michael Ball. 
The song was written as a torch song for the character of Sally to sing in the "Loveland" portion of the musical. The song "expresses her preoccupation with Ben, her idealized lover...With infinite attention to detail, Sondheim leads Sally from sunrise to sleepless night, revealing that every second of her existence is defined by her longing...the number ...explores the extent to which she has lost herself in this make-believe world of undying desire." As originally staged, Sally comes onstage in a "clinging, beaded silver" dress, holding a microphone. The "cute" Sally from Phoenix "has become a languid torch singer." She repeats her lines, reflecting "the paralysis about which she sings...the phrase 'It's like I'm losing my mind' occurs no less than six times."
Liza Minnelli/Pet Shop Boys version.
In the UK Singles Chart, the most successful version has been by Liza Minnelli, reaching number six. It was the lead single from her 1989 album, "Results", produced by Pet Shop Boys and Julian Mendelsohn. The 12" release peaked at number eleven on the "Billboard" Maxi Singles Sales chart. It also peaked at number twenty-six on the American dance chart.
Pet Shop Boys' demo version of "Losing My Mind" (which has Neil Tennant singing the vocal) was later remixed and released as a B-side on the Pet Shop Boys' single, "Jealousy". This demo version contains a scream that Minnelli opted not to include on her release.

</doc>
<doc id="9662448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662448" title="José Rafael Tobar Lemus">
José Rafael Tobar Lemus

José Rafael Tobar Lemus (born 24 November 1975 in Turín) is a Salvadoran football player, who currently plays as Defender for Alacranes Del Norte of El Salvador.
Club career.
Tobar started his career at hometown club Turín in the third division and joined Salvadoran second division side Huracán in 1992. After a short spell at Once Lobos he made his debut at the highest domestic level with Luis Ángel Firpo in 1996 and in 1998 he won the league title with them. After two more championships, he left Firpo for rivals FAS for whom he debuted in November 2000 against Atlético Balboa and with whom he won five league titles. In December 2006 Tobar was put on the transfer list and finally moved to Isidro Metapán only to rejoin Firpo for a season. He then had spells at Juventud Independiente and Nejapa who were later renamed Alacranes Del Norte.
International career.
Tobar made his debut for El Salvador in a November 1998 friendly match against Honduras and has earned a total of 7 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 2 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2005 UNCAF Nations Cup.
His final international game was an August 2005 friendly match against Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="9662456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662456" title="Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church">
Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church

Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church (AELC) was constituted in the year 1927 in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is the Indian successor to the United Lutheran Church in America which was started as a self-supporting, self-governing, and self-propagating church among Telugu Christians.
In India.
Bartholomaeus Ziegenbalg and Heinrich Plütschau of the Danish-Halle Missionary Society at Tranquebar were the first Protestant Missionaries to India who were Lutherans.
In Andhra Pradesh.
The AELC was founded as a mission field of the then United Lutheran Church in America (ULCA) by John Christian Frederick Heyer (known as Father Heyer) on 31 July 1842.
As a first step, schools were established. With new baptisms, the confidence of the missionaries increased. Later hospitals were established.
Administration.
The current Moderator / Bishop of the AELC is Bishop K.Fredarick Paradesi Babu.
For administrative purposes, six synods have been established, each taken care of by a Synod President. A 24-member Executive Council whose members are drawn from the six synods administers the Church society.
Moderator / Bishop.
The Executive Council of this Church Society elects a set of office-bearers each quadrennium. The Moderator / Bishop heads this century-old Church Society. In earlier nomenclature, the term "President" was used. However, with the arrival of Rev. G. Emmanuel, the nomenclature was changed to "Moderator / Bishop" to denote a more ecclesiastical term. However, the term "President" also continues to be used.
Women's ordination.
For long, women's ordination in the AELC was "taboo". One of the first theologically trained women of this Church, the Fuller Theological Seminary-educated Rev. Dr B. V. Subbamma could have been ordained long ago. But Church leaders, fearing her leadership kept the issue of women's ordination aside.
However, with sustained efforts and dialogue of Dr. K. Rajaratnam, Rev. Dr. Prasanna Kumari Samuel, and Dr. Monica J. Melanchton of the Gurukul Lutheran Theological College and Research Institute (GLTCRI), the dream of women's ordination became a reality. With the active cooperation of the then President, Bishop G. Emmanuel, seventeen women were ordained into pastoral ministry on 20 February 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9662462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662462" title="Eva Mozes Kor">
Eva Mozes Kor

Eva Mozes Kor is a survivor of the Holocaust who, with her twin sister Miriam, was subjected to human experimentation under Josef Mengele at Auschwitz. Both of her parents and two older sisters were killed at the camp; only she and Miriam survived. In 1984 Kor founded the organization CANDLES (an acronym for "Children of Auschwitz Nazi Deadly Lab Experiments Survivors"), through which she located 122 other living Mengele twins, as the experiment survivors came to be known.
Kor founded CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center in 1995 to educate the public about eugenics, the Holocaust, and the power of forgiveness. Kor received international attention when she publicly forgave the Nazis for what had been done to her. This story was later explored in the documentary "Forgiving Dr. Mengele".
Early life.
Eva Mozes was born in 1934 in the tiny village of Porţ, Romania. Through the first four years of Eva's education, she and Miriam attended a one-room schoolhouse. Eva's father, Alexander and mother, Jaffa had four girls: Edit, Aliz, and the twins Eva and Miriam. Though the Mozes family enjoyed a comfortable living as landowners and farmers, the family lived under the spectre of the Nazi takeover of Germany and the everyday experience of prejudice against the Jews.
When Eva and Miriam were six, their village was occupied by a Hungarian Nazi armed guard. The Mozes family was the only Jewish family in the village. In 1944, after four years' occupation, the family was transported to the regional ghetto in Şimleu Silvaniei. Just a few weeks later, they were packed into a cattle car and transported to the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp.
After 70 hours without food or water, Eva and her family emerged onto the selection platform at Auschwitz.
Eva soon realized her father and two older sisters were gone. She never saw them again. Soon after, the girls were taken from their mother, whom they also never saw again. Eva and Miriam became part of a group of children used as human guinea pigs in genetic experiments under the direction of Dr. Josef Mengele. Approximately 1500 sets of twins—3000 children—were subjected to these practices, and most died as a result of these experiments. Eva herself became deathly ill, but she lived and helped Miriam survive.
Approximately 180 children were found alive by the Soviet Army at the liberation of the camp on January 27, 1945. The majority of the children were Mengele twins. Eva and Miriam Mozes were among them. They were in three different refugee camps over the next nine months before returning to live with their aunt in Cluj, Romania. Although free from Auschwitz, Eva struggled to feel free as Communists took over Romania.
Eva and Miriam emigrated to Israel in 1950. Over the next 10 years, Eva received a good education from an agricultural school, and went on to attain the rank of Sergeant Major in the Israeli Army Engineering Corps. She met Michael Kor, a Holocaust survivor and American tourist. In 1960, the couple was married in Tel Aviv and Eva joined Mickey in the United States.
CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center.
In 1965, Eva became a US citizen, and the couple raised two children, Alex and Rina. In 1978, after NBC's miniseries "The Holocaust" aired, Eva began to wonder what had happened to the children after the liberation. Where had they gone? What had they done? How had the trauma of Auschwitz and the experiments affected their lives? These questions motivated her to search for surviving Auschwitz twins.
Eva enlisted the help of Miriam, who was still living in Israel. Together they began locating other survivors of Dr. Mengele's deadly experiments. In 1984, Eva founded CANDLES, Children of Auschwitz Nazi Deadly Lab Experiments Survivors, and named her sister Vice President for Israeli Survivors. Eva liked the acronym CANDLES because she wanted to shed some light on this hidden and dark chapter of the Holocaust. Miriam died in June 1993, after a battle with cancer.
Fifty years after the liberation of Auschwitz, Eva returned to the site and stood where so many were tragically murdered. At her side was Dr. Hans Münch, a Nazi doctor who knew Dr. Mengele, but did not work with him in Auschwitz. Eva read Dr. Münch's signed witness statement to contradict those who denied the Holocaust. To the surprise of many, she then freed herself from her victim status and announced to the world that—in her name alone–she forgave the Nazis. An incredible weight of suffering was lifted and she felt strong. Offering her forgiveness healed Eva, but it did not mean she would forget or that it changed what happened.
Forgiving the Nazis drew mixed reactions and controversy. Throughout each subsequent conversation about forgiveness, Eva remained insistent that the act was for her well-being alone and not intended to dismiss the Holocaust. Eva's forgiveness was the catalyst that broadened CANDLES' focus to include peace on both a personal and societal level.
Over twenty-five years later, Eva remains an integral part of the CANDLES organization. Her lectures and guided tours are key elements of CANDLES' educational mission. Kor and the CANDLES organization have developed a wide circle of followers, including Hollywood personalities Ed Asner and Elliott Gould. She has returned to Auschwitz on numerous occasions, often accompanied by friends and members of the community so that they can share what they have learned with their students and future generations. This pilgrimage now takes place each summer. In July 2014, Eva will guide a tour group through her Romanian homeland for the first time. It will be the first visit in over 10 years and only the third visit since the day of deportation in 1944.
In 2007, Eva worked with state legislators Clyde Kersey and Tim Skinner to gain passage of an Indiana law requiring Holocaust education in secondary schools. Now Eva and CANDLES are the leaders of a new statewide grassroots committee called IHELP, formed to provide resources and curricular support for Indiana educators who teach the Holocaust. In the summer of 2009, Eva taught a course at Indiana State University on the value and philosophy of overcoming adversity in life using the Holocaust as an example.

</doc>
<doc id="9662465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662465" title="Alltid sommer">
Alltid sommer

"Alltid sommer" (English title: "All I Ever Wanted (Was You)") was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Norwegian by Lars Fredriksen.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Fredriksen telling his lover what a change she has made in his life. He likens this change to the arrival of a perpetual summer, and tells her that "you won my life".
The song was performed twenty-second on the night, following Finland's Edea with "Aava" and preceding Estonia's Koit Toome with "Mere lapsed". At the close of voting, it had received 79 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1999 Contest by Van Eijk with "Living My Life Without You".

</doc>
<doc id="9662491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662491" title="David Burn">
David Burn

David Burn (c.1799 – 14 June 1875) was a Tasmanian pioneer and dramatist, author of the first Australian drama to be performed on stage, "The Bushrangers".
__NOTOC__
Early life.
Burn was born in Scotland, the son of David Burn and his wife, Jacobina, "née" Hunter (1763–1851). David Burn senior died c.1820 and Jacobina emigrated to Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) and became the first woman there to have land granted to her. David junior had a brief career in the navy joined his mother in Van Diemen's Land in 1826. He failed to qualify for a land grant returned to Edinburgh in 1829, divorcing his wife there.
Career.
On 8 and 10 September 1829 Burn's play, "The Bushrangers", was acted at the Caledonian Theatre, Edinburgh, with success. Early in January 1830 his farce, "Manias and Maniacs" (afterwards renamed "Our First Lieutenant") was played at the same theatre for several successive nights. In 1830 Burn returned to Van Diemen's Land and revisited England with his mother in 1836. He remained until 1840; the dedication of his pamphlet "Vindication of Van Diemen's Land" is dated 18 February 1840, and in 1841 he brought out another pamphlet, "The Chivalry of the Mercantile Marine", published at Plymouth. He contributed a serial in the Colonial Magazine of 1840-1841, "Van Diemen's Land", which has been reprinted in book form in 1973 as "A Picture of Van Diemen's Land". Burn published a pamphlet "Vindication of Van Diemen's Land in A Cursory Glance at Her Colonists as They Are, Not as They Have Been Represented To Be" (London, 1840).
Burn returned to Van Diemen's Land and published his "Plays and Fugitive Pieces in Verse" in 1841; the dedication to Lady Franklin is dated November 1842. This book, in two well-printed volumes bound in one, was the first volume of plays published in Australia. Around this time he probably wrote his "An Excursion to Port Arthur in 1842", of which an edition was published at the "Examiner" office, Launceston, some 60 years later. Burn accompanied Sir John and Lady Jane Franklin on their expedition to the west coast of Tasmania in 1842 which was described in his "Narrative of the Overland Journey … From Hobart Town to Macquarie Harbour, 1842" (published in Sydney 1955 with notes by G. Mackaness).
Burn was editing the "South Britain or Tasmanian Literary Journal" in 1843, and afterwards went to Sydney and Auckland, where he lived for many years. He was connected with the New Zealand press, at first on the "New Zealander" and later as a partner in the New Zealand Herald.
Death and legacy.
Burn died in prosperous circumstances at Auckland on 14 June 1875, he had two children and was married twice. He was a prodigious writer and many of his manuscripts are preserved at the Mitchell library, Sydney, including his reminiscences and diaries. He was also author of "Van Diemen's Land, Moral, Physical and Political, and Strictures on the Navy".

</doc>
<doc id="9662494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662494" title="Continuation high school">
Continuation high school

A continuation high school is an alternative to a comprehensive high school primarily for students who are considered at-risk of not graduating at the normal pace. The requirements to graduate are the same but the scheduling is more flexible to allow students to earn their credits at a quicker pace.
Denmark.
Historically, there has been a tradition to detain unruly or criminal youth at continuation schools (Efterskoler) rather than juvenile halls. The Danish continuation schools cover 8th to 10th form. Recently fashion like hip-hop for wearing T-shirt with the term "Inmate" and names of foreign jails have meant an increased demand for voluntary admission of normal youth at the continuation schools in order to appear tough among peers.
The association of Danish Industry has criticized this new development as too costly for society, and a waste of a full year in during a labor shortage.
Disciplinary precautions are limited, restraints are not allowed, which results in up to between 25 to 33 percent of the youth to be expelled during a year at some schools. A single incident (January 2000) led one school to expel 23 percent of its students at once.
Lately, parents who have immigrated to Denmark and have little understanding for the highly developed Danish youth culture are seeking strict orthodox Christian Continuation school for their children. The number of teenagers placed at these school seemed to have been increased since the Danish government took action against re-education stays in the originally homeland. For a number of years the association of Continuation Schools have tried to target this parentgroup with an offer to detain their children and keep them "safe" from the challenging parts of the normal youth culture. In 2010 the Danish government announced that they would reduce the grants for students so the parents would have to pay a larger percentage of the cost for having a child attending the schools. A massive press campaign launced by the "Efterskoleforeningen" (Association of Danish Efterskoler) forced the government to adjust the grants slightly.
Some of the continuation schools in Denmark offer therapy and are similar to therapeutic boarding schools but this term is not known in Denmark.
California.
In October 2008, there were 525 continuation high schools in California with an estimated enrollment of 70,937.
California qualifying process for continuation high school.
Counselors, site administration, and/or district administration can determine candidates for continuation high school; most candidates are recommended by on-site school counselors. Baseline qualifications for continuation high school vary district to district but all qualified candidates must undergo an academic review process. Schools that receive additional counselor funding under California AB 1802 state legislation are required to follow the bill stipulations for students who are at risk. First, the stipulations include using an academic review process for all students and thus identifying students who are at risk of not graduating on time. Qualifications for being classified as at risk include, but are not limited to, credit deficiencies, poor attendance, drug users, and/or behavior issues. Second, stipulations require counselors to develop a list of coursework for continuing his or her education if he or she fails to meet graduation requirements. As a result, in many cases continuation high school fits the needs of those students who were identified as at risk.
Features of continuation high schools in California.
Continuation high schools in California were created with the objective of meeting the needs of high school students. For such purpose, students from sixteen to eighteen years of age attend these schools. In order to graduate, students must complete the requirements set by the Department of Education in California. Continuation high schools require students to take the California High School Exit Exam (CAHSEE), which measures student growth in mathematics, reading, and writing. However, students still receive a high school diploma once they have completed the required credits.
Continuation high schools are required, by law, to provide classes for students for a minimum of fifteen hours per week or 180 minutes per day. However, some schools choose to run the school day for a longer period of time. A unique feature of continuation high schools in California is the variety of programs offered to students. Such programs include career orientation and counseling, work study assistance, job placement, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9662500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662500" title="Santissime Stimmate di San Francesco">
Santissime Stimmate di San Francesco

The Ss. Stimmate di San Francesco ("Church of the Holy Stigmata of St. Francis") is a church in central Rome, Italy, in the Rione Pigna, sited where previously there was a church called Ss. Quaranta Martiri de Calcarario. It is located on via dei Cestari, near corner with Corso Vittorio Emanuele II and across the street and diagonal from the Largo di Torre Argentina.
A first church in the place was consecrated in 1297. In 1597 the land was given by Pope Clement VIII to the "Confraternita delle Ss.Stimmate"; the construction a new building was completed in 1714, on designs by Giovanni Battista Contini.
Art and architecture.
The facade was designed by Antonio Canevari, in a plan recalling Pietro da Cortona's style. In the center niche formed by the interrupted tympanum is a statue of the saint receiving the stigmata as he looks heavenward. The ceiling has a "Glory of St. Francis" by Luigi Garzi, while the first chapel to the right has a "Flagellation" by Marco Benefial with a cupola frescoed by Giovanni Odazzi. The main altarpiece is a "Saint Francis with stigmata" (1719) by Francesco Trevisani. In the first chapel the left is a "Ss. Quaranta Martiri" (Holy 40 martyrs) by Giacinto Brandi, author of another "St. Francis with Stigmata" in the Hall of Stimmate.

</doc>
<doc id="9662509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662509" title="Château Chasse-Spleen">
Château Chasse-Spleen

Château Chasse-Spleen is a winery in the Moulis-en-Médoc appellation of the Bordeaux region of France, just north-west of Margaux. Château Chasse-Spleen was selected as one of six "Crus Exceptionnels" in the "Cru Bourgeois" classification of 1932, and through later revisions until the annulment of the classification in 2007. The estate is today widely considered to be of "cru classé" standard.
The name means "to chase away the blues" or "dispels melancholy". A second wine is produced under the label L'Ermitage de Chasse-Spleen and another titled l'Oratoire de Chasse-Spleen.
History.
Long viewed as the leading "cru" of Moulis, the estate's viticultural history is documented back to 1560, and possibly before. Initially an estate named Grand-Poujeaux, it was owned by the "seigneurs" Grenier, which may have evolved into Gressier. The estate was divided in 1822 due to inheritance complications, half the property becoming Château Gressier-Grand-Poujeaux, and the remainder passed to the Castaing family. Further divisions in the 1860s resulted in what would become Chasse-Spleen, and the chateaux Maucaillou and Poujeaux-Theil. 
One account explaining the estate's name is due to a visit by Lord Byron in 1821, when he became so enamoured by the vines that he said, ""Quel remede pour chasser le spleen"", or alternately attributed to the poem "Spleen" whose author Charles Baudelaire once visited the property.
After the death of the last Castaing, from 1909 to 1914 Chasse-Spleen was owned by the Segnitz family, north-German wine merchants who contributed to the quality and reputation of the estate, but after the outbreak of World War I the estate was confiscated as "enemy property", and eventually bought by auction in 1922 by the Lahary family. After maintaining the reputation of the wine for several decades, Chasse-Spleen was sold in 1976 to a consortium controlled by the Merlaut family, eventual owners of châteaux including Gruaud-Larose, Ferrière, Citran and Haut-Bages-Libéral. 
After changing career from teacher to winemaker, Jacques Merlaut's daughter Bernadette Villars and her husband took control of the estate and with the collaboration of Professor Émile Peynaud, great improvements to the facilities and quality of wine followed. She became a figure of renown before she and her husband died in a mountaineering accident in the Pyrenees in 1992. To date the estate is run by her daughter Claire Villars.
Production.
The vineyard area extends 80 hectares, with the grape varieties of 73% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Merlot and 7% Petit Verdot. 
On average 28,000 cases are produced annually of the "Grand vin", and of the two second wines L'Ermitage de Chasse-Spleen and l'Oratoire de Chasse-Spleen, there is produced approximately 14,000 cases.

</doc>
<doc id="9662513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662513" title="Rincon Intermediate School">
Rincon Intermediate School

Rincon Intermediate School is a public school (grades 7-8) in West Covina, California.
School overview.
Rincon Intermediate School was one of 22 schools in the Rowland Unified School District but it is now closed and renamed Telesis Academy of Science and Math

</doc>
<doc id="9662529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662529" title="Château Haut-Marbuzet">
Château Haut-Marbuzet

Château Haut-Marbuzet () is a Bordeaux wine estate in the Saint-Estèphe appellation area of the Haut-Médoc.
Although its origins go back to the 18th century, the estate only emerged as a leading quality producer from 1952 after Hervé Duboscq acquired it.
Today, his son Henri Duboscq is the winemaker and owner of Haut-Marbuzet, along with Château Chambert-Marbuzet and Château Tour de Marbuzet.
Initially listed among the "Cru Bourgeois" in 1932, and later promoted "Grand Bourgeois Exceptionnel" in 1978, the estate was classified as one of 9 "Crus Bourgeois Exceptionnels" in the 2003 official listing. According to David Peppercorn, "Today, Haut-Marbuzet is widely considered of a cru classé status, well off the bottom rung".
Production.
Tucked between châteaux Cos d'Estournel and Montrose, the vineyard covers and is planted with 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Merlot, and 10% Cabernet Franc. Overlooking the Gironde estuary, it is mainly located on the gravel ridge of Marbuzet and the plateau of Long Treytin. The high proportion of merlot, rather unusual in traditional blendings, as well as a long maturing in new oak barrels, greatly contribute to the mellowness of the wine. Often described as exotic or opulent, Haut-Marbuzet wines develop a suppleness and an individual expressive character that are unusual in the normally austere style of Saint-Estèphe.
A second wine is produced from the vines under 12 years old, under the label Château MacCarthy, which bears the name of the Irish Jacobite family who created the vineyard.

</doc>
<doc id="9662549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662549" title="Living My Life Without You">
Living My Life Without You

"Living My Life Without You" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by Van Eijk.
The song is an up-tempo number, heavily inspired by urban music, in which Van Eijk takes the role of a man whose lover has left him. He tells her that "Something is missing, baby", explaining that his whole world has changed without her and that he wants her back for that reason.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Turkey's Tuğba Önal & Grup Mistik with "Dön artık" and preceding Denmark's Michael Teschl & Trine Jepsen with "This Time I Mean It". At the close of voting, it had received 35 points, placing 14th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2000 Contest by Charmed with "My Heart Goes Boom".

</doc>
<doc id="9662554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662554" title="Château Labégorce Zédé">
Château Labégorce Zédé

The winery of Château Labégorce Margaux and Château Labégorce Zédé lies in the commune of Margaux in the Médoc region in the département of Gironde.
The vineyard is planted in gravelly terrain on the left bank of the Garonne estuary in the Margaux Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée of the Bordeaux region of France. 
The wine produced here was classified as one of 9 Cru Bourgeois Exceptionnels as of the 2003 listing. 
Vineyards.
Labégorce.
Appellation: Margaux
Vine surface area: in production
Average age of the vineyard: 25 years
Soil: 70% Sandy/gravelly 30% Sandy/silty
Varieties: 50% Cabernet Sauvignon 45% Merlot 3% Cabernet Franc 2% Petit Verdot
Average yield: 50 hl/ha
Wine-making process: Traditional, in concrete vats
Ageing: Aged in casks from 12 to 15 months with a selection of 35% new wood
Average output: 8,500 cases
Labégorce Zédé.
Appellation: Margaux
Vine surface area: in production
Average age of the vineyard: 35 years
Soil: 90% Sandy/gravelly 10% Sandy/silty
Varieties: 60% Cabernet Sauvignon 33% Merlot 5% Cabernet Franc 2% Petit Verdot
Average yield: 50 hl/ha
Wine-making process: traditional, in rough concrete vats
Ageing: 15 months in casks with 40% new wood 
Bonding with egg whites in casks
Average output: 7,500 cases

</doc>
<doc id="9662559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662559" title="Soga Station">
Soga Station

Lines.
Soga station is served by the following three JR East lines.
It is the northern terminal station for the Uchibō Line and is 3.8 kilometers from the northern terminus of the Sotobō Line at Chiba Station. It is 43.0 kilometers from the terminus of the Keiyō Line at Tokyo Station.
The station is also the starting point of the Keiyō Rinkai Railway Rinkai Main Line. There is a direct connection between the trains of the Rinkai Main Line and JR trains.
Station layout.
Soga is an elevated station with an elevated station building, three island platforms and a total of six passenger lines. Freight lines are located to the side of the first platform, and the Keiyō Rinkai Railway office is located to the side of these. The station is staffed with personnel from both companies. It includes a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and automatic ticket gates.
History.
Soga Station opened on January 20, 1896. The station became part of JR East on the division and privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. The Keiyō Line opened on December 1, 1988. The station building was reconstructed from 2004 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9662562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662562" title="Jed Rubenfeld">
Jed Rubenfeld

Jed Rubenfeld (born 1959 in Washington, D.C.), is the Robert R. Slaughter Professor of Law at Yale Law School. He is an expert on constitutional law, privacy, and the First Amendment. He joined the Yale Law School faculty in 1990 and was appointed to a full professorship in 1994. Rubenfeld has also taught as a visiting professor at both the Stanford Law School and the Duke University School of Law. He is also the author of two successful novels.
Early life.
Rubenfeld's parents emigrated to the US from Poland. His father was a psychotherapist and his mother was an art critic. He graduated "summa cum laude" from Princeton University with an A.B. in philosophy in 1980 and "magna cum laude" from Harvard Law School with a J.D. in 1986.
He also studied theater in the Drama Division of the Juilliard School between 1980-1982. Rubenfeld clerked for Judge Joseph T. Sneed on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in 1986-1987.
After his clerkship, he worked as an associate at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and as an assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York.
Personal life.
Rubenfeld is Jewish. He lives in New Haven, Connecticut and is married to Yale Law School professor Amy Chua, author of the books "" and "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother". They have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9662573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662573" title="France Davis Cup team">
France Davis Cup team

The France Davis Cup team represents France in Davis Cup tennis competition, and is governed by the Fédération Française de Tennis.
France is the third most successful nation, with 9 wins (tied with Great Britain). Their most recent title came in 2001.
In 2012 France will compete in the World Group for the 30th time out of 32 years, which ranks them in 5th place on this category.
History.
France competed in their first Davis Cup in 1904.
Media coverage.
France's Davis Cup matches are currently televised by France Télévisions.

</doc>
<doc id="9662581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662581" title="East–West Economic Corridor">
East–West Economic Corridor

The East–West Economic Corridor is an economic development program initiated in order to promote development and integration of four Southeast Asian countries, namely: Myanmar, Thailand, Laos and Vietnam. 
Planning.
The concept was agreed upon in 1998 at the Ministerial Conference of the Greater Mekong Subregion, organized in Manila, the Philippines. This corridor became operational on December 12, 2006. 
Economic corridor.
The economic corridor is created based on a road of 1,450 km with the west end at port city of Mawlamyine (Myanmar), crossing Kayin Division, Thai provinces of Tak, Sukhothai, Phitsanulok, Phetchabun, Khon Kaen, Kalasin and Mukdahan and Laotian provinces of Savannakhet, Vietnamese provinces of Quảng Trị, Thừa Thiên–Huế Province and Đà Nẵng city as the east end.

</doc>
<doc id="9662588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662588" title="Triska">
Triska

Triska is a Czech surname, or, more rarely, a given name, meaning "sliver," as in the Czech phrase "hubený jako tříska," meaning "thin as a sliver."

</doc>
<doc id="9662597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662597" title="Château Les Ormes-de-Pez">
Château Les Ormes-de-Pez

Château Les Ormes-de-Pez, or Château Ormes de Pez, (French for "The Elms of Pez") is a winery in the Saint-Estèphe appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France, near the hamlet of Pez. The wine produced here was classified as one of 9 "Cru Bourgeois Exceptionnels" in the 2003 listing. Though this classification is currently annulled, it is expected to be revived by the 2009 vintage, but without use of the quality divisions such as ""exceptionnel"".
History.
The Château and buildings date from 1792, constructed after the division and sale of Château de Pez as a result of the French Revolution. During the 19th century it was owned by Marcel Alibert, also the owner of Château Belgrave, until it was sold in 1927 to the "Société Civile du Haut Médoc". Financial trouble forced the estate to be sold on to Jean-Charles Cazes in 1930, who passed it on to his son André Cazes.
To date the estate is owned by the Cazes family, also owners of Château Lynch-Bages. For many years the vinification took place at Lynch-Bages, but the "cuvier" and "chai" of Ormes-de-Pez were modernised before the 1981 vintage. After a long period of management by Jean-Michel Cazes, he has been succeeded by his son Jean-Charles Cazes.
Production.
The vineyard area, divided into two blocks north and south of the village of Saint-Estèphe, extends , with the grape varieties of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Cabernet Franc and 20% Merlot.
The annual production of the "Grand vin" Château Ormes de Pez is typically 15,000 cases. No second wine is produced.

</doc>
<doc id="9662614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662614" title="Video (disambiguation)">
Video (disambiguation)

Video may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9662620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662620" title="Château Potensac">
Château Potensac

Château Potensac is a winery in the Médoc appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France. The wine produced here was classified as one of 9 Cru Bourgeois Exceptionnels as of the 2003 listing. The classification was eventually banned from use in 2007.
Potensac is owned by the same owners as Château Léoville-Las Cases.

</doc>
<doc id="9662638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662638" title="Château Siran">
Château Siran

Château Siran is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France. The wine produced here was classified as one of 9 Cru Bourgeois Exceptionnels as of the 2003 listing. The Chateau owns 88 hectares (217 acres) including 40 (99 acres) of vines planted with Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Petit Verdot, and Cabernet Franc. A second wine is produced under the label "S de Siran". The average vines are 31 years old and once fermentation is complete the wines are transferred into oak barrels (35% new oak) for 12–14 months of aging. The grand vin averages 75,000 to 90,000 bottles per annum.

</doc>
<doc id="9662665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662665" title="Husham Al-Husainy">
Husham Al-Husainy

Husham Al-Husainy is an Iraqi-American Sheikh of the Karbalaa Islamic Education Center, a Shia mosque servicing largely people of Iraqi and Lebanese descent in Dearborn, Michigan. Al-Husainy arrived in the United States in the late 1970s as Saddam Hussein was rising into power. He is a spokesman of the Iraqi expatriate community in America. During the American occupation of Iraq, Al-Husainy has gone from supporting the toppling of Hussein's regime to criticizing the continued occupation as inciting more bloodshed. He has also spoken out against women leading prayer in the wake of Amina Wadud leading prayer in New York in 2005.
Karbaala Islamic Education Center.
Imam Husham Al-Husainy has been active in community affairs for more than 25 years in the metro-Detroit area. He is the Director of the karbalaa Islamic Education Center. The Imam has been involved in many domestic and international meetings. He is always in contact with the Iraqi refugees that seek services at his center. A community of about 15,000 Iraqis that migrated from Saudi Arabia and the surrounding countries has improved rapidly over the short period of time as residents. Since the fall of the Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein the Iraqis at home have been given a chance to go back to their homeland and visit their families. Imam Husham al-huainy's vision to build and maintain services for the growing community has been quite a challenge, although with the help of the Muslim communities in Dearborn, and the cities surrounding Michigan they have become one of the most influential mosques in the region.
Politics.
Many of the Arab-Americans in Michigan were generally associated with Republican policies prior to September 11, 2001 and the Iraq War. However, the Iraq War turned opinions against the Republicans to a degree. Al-Hussainy was invited to give the invocation to the Democratic National Committee's Annual Winter Meeting in Washington, D.C. in 2006.
Al-Husainy has cooperated with the United States on security measures for instance in a recent case where it has been alleged that Detroit area resident, Najib Shemami, was a spy.

</doc>
<doc id="9662674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662674" title="Michael Vanderbyl">
Michael Vanderbyl

"Michael Vanderbyl (born February 9, 1947, Oakland, California) is a multidisciplinary designer based in the San Francisco Bay Area, and the principal of Vanderbyl Design"'.
He received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Graphic Design in 1968 from California College of Arts and Crafts (now known as California College of the Arts). He has taught graphic design at CCA for more than 30 years and currently serves as that college's Dean of Design.
He was one of the artists in the early 1980s that helped establish the San Francisco Bay Area as a center of the postmodern movement in graphic design. He established his own practice, Vanderbyl Design, in 1973. Over the years his work has expanded from graphic design to designing furniture, products, showrooms and retail spaces. Clients have included Esprit, Baker Furniture, The Walt Disney Company, IBM, AmericaOne, Robert Talbott, Teknion, The Blackstone Group and Luna Textiles. He has designed products for, among others, McGuire Furniture, and HBF, 
In 2000 Vanderbyl was awarded the medal of the American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA). He has been a member of the Alliance Graphique Internationale (AGI) since 1987. He was the recipient of a Lifetime Achievement Award from the International Interior Design Association (IIDA) in 2006. In 2012, he was inducted into the IIDA Hall of Fame.
His work is in the permanent collections of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Denver Art Museum, the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum, and the Library of Congress. 

</doc>
<doc id="9662682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662682" title="Journal de Téhéran">
Journal de Téhéran

Journal de Téhéran was a French-language daily published from Teheran, Iran. It was founded in 1935. As of 1937, its director was M. Massoudi (director of "Ettela'at").

</doc>
<doc id="9662684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662684" title="Ubaldo of Gallura">
Ubaldo of Gallura

Ubaldo II Visconti, son of Lamberto di Eldizio and Elena de Lacon, was the Judge of Gallura from 1225 to his death in 1238. He ruled every "giudicato" on the island of Sardinia at one point or another save Arborea.
By a pact signed November 1218 with Marianus II of Torres, his father secured his marriage to Adelasia, Marianus' eldest child. The marriage was celebrated in 1219. Pope Honorius III, enemy of the Pisans, immediately sent his chaplain Bartolomeo to annul the marriage, but he failed and the pact between Pisa and Logudoro stood.
Ubaldo inherited the Giudicato of Gallura in 1225. In 1230, when his uncle, Ubaldo I Visconti, died, he invaded the "giudicato" of Cagliari to assure the continued influence of his Pisan family there. He subsequently exercised the regency for Benedetta until 1232.
Marianus died in 1232 and, by his will, was succeeded by his son Barisone III. Upon Barisone's death (1236) without heirs, also as stipulated by Marianus' will, the Logudorese magnates elected one of his daughters, Adelasia or Benedetta, to inherit. They unanimously acclaimed Adelasia, whose husband could well uphold her right. So they in turn elected him judge as well. In 1237, Pope Gregory IX sent his chaplain Alexander to Torres to receive recognition from Adelasia of papal suzerainty. At the palace of Ardara, in the presence of the Camaldolese abbot and monks of S. Trinità di Saccargia, she made the oath of vassalage and Ubaldo affirmed it, giving over the castle of Monte Acuto to the bishop of Ampurias as a guarantee of his good faith. Ubaldo did not, however, recognise any authority over Gallura other than the ancient authority of the Pisan archdiocese.
Ubaldo drew up a will in January 1237 at Silki. His nephew John was nominated to succeed him, but his widow's second husband, Enzo, took control of both Gallura and Logudoro and was granted the title King of Sardinia by his father, the Emperor Frederick II.

</doc>
<doc id="9662691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662691" title="My Heart Goes Boom">
My Heart Goes Boom

"My Heart Goes Boom" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by Charmed.
The song is an up-tempo number, with the lyrics describing the first time a young woman saw her lover. Attracting most attention, however, were the lines "You were standing in the shadows, looking quite impossible/I lost my mind and popsicle". The unusual imagery (particularly when coupled with Israel's entry of the same year featuring the line "I want a cucumber") has led some observers to describe the 2000 Contest as having a food theme.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Malta's Claudette Pace with "Desire" and preceding Russia's Alsou with "Solo". At the close of voting, it had received 57 points, placing 11th in a field of 24.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2001 Contest by Haldor Lægreid with "On My Own".

</doc>
<doc id="9662738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662738" title="Douglas County High School">
Douglas County High School

Douglas County High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9662742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662742" title="Heatherdale, Victoria">
Heatherdale, Victoria

Heatherdale is a locality located in Mitcham, in Melbourne's eastern suburbs, centred around the Heatherdale railway station, on the Lilydale line. It is in the local government area of the City of Whitehorse.

</doc>
<doc id="9662802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662802" title="Kim Yeadon">
Kim Yeadon

Kimberley Maxwell Yeadon, MP (born 25 July 1956) was an Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. 
Yeadon was born in Goulburn, New South Wales, but was brought up in Western Sydney. He was educated at Patrician Brothers' High School, Granville and received an Electrical Mechanics Certificate at Granville TAFE College, part of South Western Sydney Institute of TAFE. He attended the University of Sydney from 1982 and 1986 and received a BA. He was previously an electrician and trade union research officer. 
Yeadon represented Granville for the Australian Labor Party from 1990 to 2007. He was Minister for Land and Water Conservation from May 1995 to December 1997 and Minister for Ports from December 1997 to April 1999. He was Minister for Information Technology and Minister for Forestry from December 1997 to April 2003 and Minister for Western Sydney and Minister for Energy and Utilities from April 1999 to April 2003. 
Yeadon is currently one of two Deputy Chancellor of the University of Western Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="9662806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662806" title="Alexander Forbes (bishop of Aberdeen)">
Alexander Forbes (bishop of Aberdeen)

Alexander Forbes (1564 – 1617) was a late 16th century and early 17th century Scottish churchman. Born around 1564, he was the son of Helen Graham and her husband John Forbes of Ardmurdo.
He graduated with a Master of Arts degree in 1585 from the University of St Andrews, becoming minister of Fettercairn in the Mearns in 1588, using this position to take an active role in the church politics of the day. As a result, on 22 November 1604, he became Bishop of Caithness, retaining control of Fettercairn, something which created animosity with the anti-episcopal section of the Church of Scotland. Forbes took part in most national church meetings in this period, and was part of the meeting at Glasgow in 1610 which restored the old authority and powers of bishops. It was in the following year that he was finally consecrated as a bishop, in Brechin Cathedral. 
He was alleged to have granted the consent of the Scottish church, dishonestly, to the absolution of the Catholic magnate, George Gordon, 1st Marquess of Huntly, carried out on the king's wishes by the Archbishop of Canterbury. It was perhaps for this reason that, in 1616, Forbes was translated as Bishop of Aberdeen. This position brought him the Chancellorship of King's College, Aberdeen. Forbes, however, attempted and failed to succeed George Gledstanes to the Archbishopric of St Andrews, a position he was beaten to by John Spottiswoode.
He died at Leith, near Edinburgh, on 14 December 1617, a figure of hate amongst the hard-line presbyterian section of the Scottish church. He married once, to a woman named Christian Straton, and had ten children.

</doc>
<doc id="9662826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662826" title="The Seine Meets Paris">
The Seine Meets Paris

The Seine Meets Paris () is a 1957 French short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens from a screenplay by Jacques Prévert. Told from the perspective of a boat trip through the city, it features scenes of daily life along the river. The film won the short film Palme d'Or at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9662840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662840" title="On My Own (Haldor Lægreid song)">
On My Own (Haldor Lægreid song)

"On My Own" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English by Haldor Lægreid. Unusually, there was another entry that year with a similar title - Michelle singing "Out On My Own" for the Netherlands.
The song is a ballad, with Lægreid singing about the fact that he is "on my own again" and ready to take charge of his life, where previously he had not.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Nino Pršeš with "Hano" and preceding Israel's Tal Sondak with "En Davar". At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 22nd (equal last) in a field of 23.
With the rapidly expanding size of the Contest, the decision was taken to restrict entry to the 2002 contest to those countries recording the best 13 results of 2001, a group which did not include Norway. As a "passive participant" (that is, a country broadcasting but not entering the Contest), Norway was re-admitted to the next event. Thus, the song was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2003 contest by Jostein Hasselgård with "I'm Not Afraid To Move On".

</doc>
<doc id="9662846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662846" title="Benziger Brothers">
Benziger Brothers

Benziger Brothers was a Roman Catholic book publishing house founded by Joseph Charles Benziger, in 1792, in Einsiedeln Switzerland.
History.
The company started as a Catholic religious publisher. In 1833, Benziger's sons, Charles and Nicholas, succeeded their father under the firm name of "Charles and Nicholas Benziger Brothers". Two years later, in addition to their book publishing business, they began the lithographing of religious pictures, as well as the coloring of them by hand, before the introduction of chromolithography.
Charles Benziger.
Charles Benziger (b. 1799, d. 1873), a man with a good classical education, devoted himself especially to the literary end of the business. In 1840, the "Einsiedler Kalender" was founded. "The Pilgrim", a popular Catholic periodical established at the same time, lasted only ten years. Charles also took an active part in public life, and served as President of the Swiss Canton of Schwyz.
Nicholas Benziger.
Nicholas Benziger (b. 1808, d. 1864), who took charge of the technical part of the business, proved himself a pioneer, introducing to the mountain village of Einsiedeln a series of improved trades methods as they appeared from time to time in the great centres of Europe and America. Under his guidance the work of book-binding, which was formerly carried on in the family at home, was systematized. In 1844, the old hand-press was superseded by the first power press. Stereotyping was introduced in 1846; in 1856 steel and copper printing; and in 1858 electrotyping.
End of 19th century.
On the retirement of Charles and Nicholas Benziger in 1860, the business was continued by three of Charles' sons (Charles, Martin and J.N. Adelrich) and three of Nicholas' sons (Nicholas, Adelrich, and Louis). Under this third generation, the different branches of the house were still further developed, chromolithography and other modern printing methods being added. In 1867, the "Alte und Neue Welt", the first illustrated popular Catholic German magazine on a large scale, was begun, and then appeared a number of illustrated Catholic family books and a series of school books, including a Bible history in twelve languages, together with prayer books by well-known authors. Between 1880 and 1895 a fourth generation succeeded to the business, and the firm name was changed to Benziger and Company.
Expansion to the United States.
Although Benziger Brothers had established offices in the United States (in New York City) in 1853, its development as a publishing house did not begin until 1860 when J.N. Adelrich Benziger and Louis Benziger took charge. In 1860, further offices were opened in Cincinnati and, in 1887, one in Chicago. The publishing of English Catholic books was vigorously undertaken, and their catalogue covered the field of devotional, educational, and juvenile literature, besides works of a theological character. Benziger was not only a publishing house, but also a liturgical supply factory. The American firm of Benziger Brothers is now independent of the Swiss house. The Holy See conferred on the firm the title "Printers to the Holy Apostolic See" in 1867.
20th and 21st century.
In 1968, Benziger was acquired by Crowell Collier Macmillan (later to become Macmillan, Inc.), and the following year its headquarters were moved to California. In 1971, it was merged with two other companies — Bruce Publishing, founded in Milwaukee in the 1890s, and Glencoe Press, began in Beverly Hills in 1966. In July 2007 the Benziger name and product line was purchased from McGraw Hill by CFM Publishing and merged with Texas based Catholic publisher RCL - Resources For Christian Living - to form RCL Benziger. The New Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, as in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9662854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662854" title="Caverns of Zoarre">
Caverns of Zoarre

The Caverns of Zoarre is a fantasy/RPG dungeon crawl game designed for the DOS platform. The player chooses between two character classes, sorcerer or fighter. The object of the game is to explore the many caverns, encountering different types of monsters which you may fight, run away from, bargain with, or cast a spell on.

</doc>
<doc id="9662861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662861" title="Si Maha Phot District">
Si Maha Phot District

Si Maha Phot () is a district ("Amphoe") in the southern part of Prachinburi Province, eastern Thailand. The name may also be spelled Sri Maha Phot, and honors the Bodhi Tree (ต้นพระศรีมหาโพธิ์.) 
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Si Mahosot, Mueang Prachinburi, Prachantakham, Kabin Buri of Prachinburi Province, Phanom Sarakham and Sanam Chai Khet of Chachoengsao Province. 
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 10 sub-districts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 91 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Si Maha Phot covers parts of "tambon" Si Maha Phot and Nong Phrong, and Krok Sombun covers parts of the same-named "tambon". There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9662881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662881" title="Kishu Tirathrai">
Kishu Tirathrai

Tan Sri Kishu Tirathrai is a prominent Malaysian businessman of Indian descent. He more best known for his textile business as the chairman and managing director of the famous Globe Silk Store.
He is credited with the consolidation and expansion of a family business – the Globe Silk Store – into a household name. He presently leads the Tirathrai Group of Companies which have diversified from textile and apparel merchandising and retailing into manufacturing and real estate development.
Tan Sri Kishu has served the Public Sector in various capacities :
Tan Sri Kishu also served as a director of the Malaysian Industrial Development Corporation (MIDF), Sampoorna Holdings Bhd. and the Kuala Lumpur City ASMIC Unit Trust Management Bhd.
As a firm believer in “win-win” business relationships, Tan Sri Kishu used the Globe Silk Store as the first example of a company practicing ‘smart partnership’ – a term which he actually coined. Tan Sri Kishu was one of the key players behind the first Langkawi International Smart Partnership Dialogue and has been an active participant and member of the Joint Executive Group (JEG) since, both in Langkawi and in Southern Africa.
He is also a member of the Malaysian Institute of Management prestigious Court of Fellows. He is the patron of the Educational, Welfare & Research Foundation Malaysia.
He was recently selected to be part of the high-level corporate advisory council set up to help steer the Iskandar Development Region (IDR) in south Johor.

</doc>
<doc id="9662913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662913" title="István Szűcs">
István Szűcs

István Szűcs (; born 3 May 1985 in Debrecen, Hungary) is a Hungarian footballer currently plays for Debreceni VSC in the Hungarian Borsodi Liga.
Club carrier.
Debrecen.
On 1 May 2012 Szűcs won the Hungarian Cup with Debrecen by beating MTK Budapest on penalty shoot-out in the 2011-12 season. This was the fifth Hungarian Cup trophy for Debrecen.
On 12 May 2012 Szűcs won the Hungarian League title with Debrecen after beating Pécs in the 28th round of the Hungarian League by 4-0 at the Oláh Gábor út Stadium which resulted the sixth Hungarian League title for the Hajdús.
Club Statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 1 December 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="9662917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662917" title="Sweden Davis Cup team">
Sweden Davis Cup team

The Sweden Davis Cup team represents Sweden in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Svenska Tennisförbundet.
Sweden is the 5th most successful nation, winning the title 7 times. 6 of these titles were since the creation of the World Group in 1981, the most of any nation during this period.
Sweden played in the World Group in all but one year between its creation in 1981, and 2012, sharing this record with United States and Czech Republic. With 53 wins (as of February 2007), Sweden hold the record for most wins in the World Group.
Current team.
The following players were called up for the World Group 1st Round against Serbia in February 2012:
Team captain: Fredrik Rosengren
History.
Sweden entered their first competition in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="9662955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662955" title="Convective heat transfer">
Convective heat transfer

Convective heat transfer, often referred to simply as convection, is the transfer of heat from one place to another by the movement of fluids. Convection is usually the dominant form of heat transfer in liquids and gases. Although often discussed as a distinct method of heat transfer, convective heat transfer involves the combined processes of conduction (heat diffusion) and advection (heat transfer by bulk fluid flow).
The term convection can sometimes refer to transfer of heat with any fluid movement, but advection is the more precise term for the transfer due only to bulk fluid flow. The process of transfer of heat from a solid to a fluid, or the reverse, is not only transfer of heat by bulk motion of the fluid, but diffusion and conduction of heat through the still boundary layer next to the solid. Thus, this process without a moving fluid requires both diffusion and advection of heat, a process that is usually referred to as convection. Convection that occurs in the earth's mantle causes tectonic plates to move.
Convection can be "forced" by movement of a fluid by means other than buoyancy forces (for example, a water pump in an automobile engine). In some cases, natural buoyancy forces alone are entirely responsible for fluid motion when the fluid is heated, and this process is called "natural convection". An example is the draft in a chimney or around any fire. In natural convection, an increase in temperature produces a reduction in density, which causes fluid motion due to pressures and forces when fluids of different densities are affected by gravity (or any g-force). For example, when water is heated on a stove, hot water from the bottom of the pan rises, displacing the colder denser liquid, which falls. After heating has stopped, mixing and conduction from this natural convection eventually result in a nearly homogeneous density, and even temperature.
The convection heat transfer mode comprises one mechanism. In addition to energy transfer due to specific molecular motion (diffusion), energy is transferred by bulk, or macroscopic, motion of the fluid. This motion is associated with the fact that, at any instant, large numbers of molecules are moving collectively or as aggregates. Such motion, in the presence of a temperature gradient, contributes to heat transfer. Because the molecules in aggregate retain their random motion, the total heat transfer is then due to the superposition of energy transport by random motion of the molecules and by the bulk motion of the fluid. It is customary to use the term convection when referring to this cumulative transport and the term advection when referring to the transport due to bulk fluid motion.
Overview.
Convection is the transfer of thermal energy from one place to another by the movement of fluids. Although often discussed as a distinct method of heat transfer, convection describes the combined effects of conduction and fluid flow or mass exchange.
Two types of convective heat transfer may be distinguished:
Internal and external flow can also classify convection. Internal flow occurs when a fluid is enclosed by a solid boundary such when flowing through a pipe. An external flow occurs when a fluid extends indefinitely without encountering a solid surface. Both of these types of convection, either natural or forced, can be internal or external because they are independent of each other. The bulk temperature, or the average fluid temperature, is a convenient reference point for evaluating properties related to convective heat transfer, particularly in applications related to flow in pipes and ducts.
For a visual experience of natural convection, a glass filled with hot water and some red food dye may be placed inside a fish tank with cold, clear water. The convection currents of the red liquid may be seen to rise and fall in different regions, then eventually settle, illustrating the process as heat gradients are dissipated.
Newton's law of cooling.
Convection-cooling is sometimes called "Newton's law of cooling" in cases where the heat transfer coefficient is independent or relatively independent of the temperature difference between object and environment. This is sometimes true, but is not guaranteed to be the case (see other situations below where the transfer coefficient is temperature dependent).
Newton's law, which requires a constant heat transfer coefficient, states that "the rate of heat loss of a body is proportional to the difference in temperatures between the body and its surroundings." The rate of heat transfer in such circumstances is derived below:
Newton's cooling law is a solution of the differential equation given by Fourier's law:
where
The heat transfer coefficient h depends upon physical properties of the fluid and the physical situation in which convection occurs. Therefore, a single usable heat transfer coefficient (one that does not vary significantly across the temperature-difference ranges covered during cooling and heating) must be derived or found experimentally for every system analyzed. Formulas and correlations are available in many references to calculate heat transfer coefficients for typical configurations and fluids. For laminar flows, the heat transfer coefficient is rather low compared to turbulent flows; this is due to turbulent flows having a thinner stagnant fluid film layer on the heat transfer surface. However, note that Newton's law breaks down if the flows should transition between laminar or turbulent flow, since this will change the heat transfer coefficient h which is assumed constant in solving the equation.
Newton's law requires that internal heat conduction within the object be large in comparison to the loss/gain of heat by convection (lumped capacitance model), and this may not be true (see heat transfer). Also, an accurate formulation for temperatures may require analysis based on changing heat transfer coefficients at different temperatures, a situation frequently found in free-convection situations, and which precludes accurate use of Newton's law. Assuming these are not problems, then the solution can be given if heat transfer within the object is considered to be far more rapid than heat transfer at the boundary (so that there are small thermal gradients within the object). This condition, in turn, allows the heat in the object to be expressed as conduction.
A correction to Newton's law concerning larger temperature differentials was made in 1817 by Dulong and Petit, who also formulated the Dulong–Petit law concerning the molar specific heat capacity of a crystal.
Solution in terms of object heat capacity.
If the entire body is treated as lumped capacitance thermal energy reservoir, with a total thermal energy content which is proportional to simple total heat capacity formula_8, and formula_5, the temperature of the body, or formula_10, it is expected that the system will experience exponential decay with time in the temperature of a body.
From the definition of heat capacity formula_8 comes the relation formula_12. Differentiating this equation with regard to time gives the identity (valid so long as temperatures in the object are uniform at any given time): formula_13. This expression may be used to replace formula_14 in the first equation which begins this section, above. Then, if formula_15 is the temperature of such a body at time formula_16, and formula_17 is the temperature of the environment around the body:
where formula_19 is a positive constant characteristic of the system, which must be in units of formula_20, and is therefore sometimes expressed in terms of a characteristic time constant formula_21 given by: formula_22. Thus, in thermal systems, formula_23. (The total heat capacity formula_8 of a system may be further represented by its mass-specific heat capacity formula_25 multiplied by its mass formula_26, so that the time constant formula_21 is also given by formula_28).
The solution of this differential equation, by standard methods of integration and substitution of boundary conditions, gives:
If:
then the Newtonian solution is written as:
This same solution is more immediately apparent if the initial differential equation is written in terms of formula_34, as a single function of time to be found, or "solved for."

</doc>
<doc id="9662960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662960" title="Michael Van Walleghen">
Michael Van Walleghen

Michael Van Walleghen (born 1938) is an American poet. He has published six books of poetry; his second, "More Trouble With the Obvious" (1981), was the winner of the Lamont Poetry Prize of the Academy of American Poets. He has also received two National Endowment for the Arts fellowships, first prize in the Borestone Mountain Poetry Awards, a Pushcart Prize, and several grants from the Illinois Arts Council. Before retirement he was a Professor of English at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and was the first director of the MFA in Creative Writing program created there in 2003.
Van Walleghen began his academic career at Wichita State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9663006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663006" title="Paine Air Force Base">
Paine Air Force Base

Paine Air Force Base is a closed United States Air Force base, approximately 6 miles southwest of Everett, Washington. It was active during World War II as a IV Fighter Command air defense field for the Seattle area and during the Cold War as an Air Defense Command interceptor base. It was closed on 30 September 1968.
History.
Paine Air Force Base was originally constructed in 1936 as a Works Progress Administration project known as Snohomish County Airport. At the time of development, it was envisioned that the Airport would create jobs and economic growth in the region by becoming one of the ten new "super airports" around the country.
The large commercial airport that was planned for in the 1930s never happened. When the United States entered into World War II, there was a need to protect the large Bremerton Navy Yard and the Boeing aircraft plant and airfield in Seattle, which produced the B-17 Flying Fortress bombers. In 1940, the United States Army Air Corps leased the airport and named it Everett Army Air Field.
At that time of its acquisition in 1941, Paine Army Airfield consisted of little more than two paved runways in the common cross-section pattern, set off at different angles to take advantage of the most favorable winds. The airfield was expanded by the Air Corps to consist of a 6,300' east/west main runway and three secondary runways of 5,000' (NW/SE), 5,000' (NE/SW) and a 5,000' N/S runway. A large parking apron was constructed to accommodate the aircraft with maintenance hangars and supporting buildings. East of the airfield, a ground support station was constructed consisting of about several hundred buildings based on standardized plans and architectural drawings. The buildings were designed to be the "cheapest, temporary character with structural stability only sufficient to meet the needs of the service which the structure is intended to fulfill during the period of its contemplated war use". To conserve critical materials, most facilities were constructed of wood, concrete, brick, gypsum board and concrete asbestos. Metal was sparsely used. Perrin Field was designed to be nearly self-sufficient, with not only hangars, but barracks, warehouses, hospitals, dental clinics, dining halls, and maintenance shops were needed. There were libraries, social clubs for officers, and enlisted men, and stores to buy living necessities
World War II.
Air Defense Mission.
The Army Air Corps manned Paine Army Airfield from 1941 to 1946. During that time, they made improvements in the facility and helped the community economically even though most of the commercial traffic came to a halt during the war. Everett AAF was under the jurisdiction of the IV Interceptor Command, Fourth Air Force. It was hosted by the 465th Army Air Force Base Unit. The mission of the field was to provide air defense of the Seattle area.
The first operational unit assigned to the new base at Everett was the 54th Pursuit Group (Interceptor), which was activated on 26 June 1941. The group was equipped with the following squadrons:
The 54th was equipped with the new Bell P-39D Airacobra to perform air defense training missions over the northwestern Washington Pacific Coast and the Seattle area. In 1941, the airfield was renamed Paine Army Airfield (AAF) in honor of Second Lieutenant Topliff Olin Paine (1893–1922). Lieutenant Paine was an Everett High School grad who flew for the military, private companies and in the then-experimental Air Mail Service. He died in 1922 at age 29 of an accidental gunshot wound.
After the Pearl Harbor Attack, the P-39D-equipped 41st Pursuit Squadron (31st PG, Selfridge Field, Michigan) augmented the 54th PG at Paine Field between 15 December 1941 and 21 January 1942. The P-43 Lancer-equipped 37th Pursuit Squadron (55th PG, Portland Army Air Base, Oregon) also operated from Paine between 7–24 December 1941. These squadrons provided additional aircraft when the West coast was on war alert in case of a possible Japanese Invasion of the United States.
On 10 February 1942, the 54th was reinforced with the 55th Pursuit Group, which was moved up from Portland Army Air Base, Oregon. The 55th consisted of the following squadrons:
The 55th was flying the already-obsolete Republic P-43 Lancer, the direct forerunner of the P-47 Thunderbolt.
In May 1942, the 54th was re-designated as the 54th Fighter Group, and the squadrons of the 54th deployed flights to Southern California, the 42d to Ontario Army Airfield; the 57th to San Diego Airport between 28 May and 4 June. At the end of June 1942, the 54th Fighter Group was transferred to Third Air Force, being moved to Harding Army Airfield, Louisiana, on 21 June where it became a training unit. The group's 37th and 38th Pursuit Squadrons were deployed to Eleventh Air Force in Alaska to engaged the Japanese forces that invaded the Aleutian Islands during the summer of 1942, and for these operations the group received a Distinguished Unit Citation. The 54th PS was administratively assigned to Harding AAF along with the Headquarters Squadron, however it appears a detachment remained at Paine until 12 June 1942 when they also were sent to Eleventh Air Force at Nome, Alaska. The 54th also sent a few planes to Santa Ana Airport south of Los Angeles, where they flew air defense missions from May until being sent to Alaska also in June 1942.
The B-26 Marauder-equipped 406th Bombardment Squadron (42d Bombardment Group) initially was deployed to Paine from Gowen Field, Idaho to fly antisubmarine patrols over the Northwest Pacific coast after the Pearl Harbor Attack. Designated as the 16th Reconnaissance Squadron prior to 22 April 1942, detachments of the squadron were sent to airports at Astoria, Oregon, and Marshfield, Oregon.
In addition to the Marauders, the squadron also operated flights of Lockheed A-29 Hudsons and Douglas B-18 Bolos on longer-range missions over the North Pacific. Air Corps Accident records suggest that the Lockheed Hudson was operated by 406 BS in fairly significant numbers. At least 8 accidents of Paine-based A-29s occurred between January and June 1942. (Interesting in comparison that only 1 B-26 appears in the data for 16th RS. Early model B-26s had an unsavory safety reputation. With the Japanese invasion of the Aleutian Islands, the 406th was split into detachments that deployed to several bases in Alaska (Elmendorf, Yakutat, Nanek, Kodiak), in June 1942. It was eventually reassigned permanently to Eleventh Air Force in Alaska in November.
With the immediate war alert on the west coast relaxed after the Japanese defeat at the Battle of Midway, the 55th Fighter Group was moved to McChord Field, Washington on 22 July 1942 where it was re-equipped with P-38 Lightnings and eventually moved to England during August–September 1943 and was assigned to VIII Fighter Command.
Fighter Training Mission.
With the departure of the 55th Fighter Group, jurisdiction of Paine Army Airfield was transferred to the IV Fighter Command, and the base became a replacement training airfield (RTU) for P-38 Lightning fighter pilots. As part of the training mission, Paine AAF was attached to the IV Fighter Command Seattle Air Defense Wing, in which its assigned squadrons contributed to the air defense of the Seattle area as part of its training mission. The wartime air defense mission was ongoing until the base was inactivated in late 1945.
The 329th Fighter Group was the first P-38 Lightning RTU at Paine, arriving on 14 July 1942 flying P-38Es. It also provided cadres for fighter groups. Training squadrons for the 329th were the 330th, 331st and 332d Fighter Squadrons. The 329th only remained briefly at the base, being moved to Grand Central Airport Glendale California, on 11 September 1942
With the departure of the 329th, the III Fighter Command 20th Fighter Group was moved to Paine from Drew Army Airfield, Florida. Training squadrons for the 329th were the 55th, 77th and 79th Fighter Squadrons. Equipped with P-39L Aircobras, the 20th continued the RTU training for P-39 pilots being assigned to the Pacific Theater where the Aircobra (along with the P-40 Warhawk) was the principal front line equipment of USAAF fighter units for Fifth Air Force. The 20th FG remained at Paine until 1 January 1943 when it was moved to March Field, California, and equipped with P-38 Lightnings and later deployed to VIII Fighter Command in England.
At the end of the Aleutian Campaign, the 73d Bombardment Squadron (28th Composite Group), returned to Paine Field from 14 Sep–6 Oct 1943 and was reassigned to Pyote Army Airfield, Texas in November 1943, and its personnel retrained as replacement crews for B-17 Flying Fortresses.
IV Fighter Command took over the training mission at Paine Field on 1 January 1943 and trained replacement pilots with P-38E Lightnings. A flight of the 327th Fighter Squadron (362d FG, Mitchel Field, NY, I Fighter Command) was deployed to Paine briefly between August and November 1943, and lost a P-38H (and pilot) there on 7 October. The 544th Fighter Squadron (478th Fighter Group) continued the P-39 Training at Paine until it inactivated on 31 April 1944. The 465th Army Air Force Base Unit was activated on 1 May 1944 and took over the P-38 training mission. Along with P-38s, Paine also operated some P-39Q Aircobras and P-63A KingCobra aircraft.
Postwar Inactivation.
As the war began drawing to an end in Europe, and later in the summer of 1945 in the Pacific, the number of trainees and the level of activity at the base was reduced rapidly. With the Japanese surrender and the end of World War II most of the temporary training bases such as Paine Army Airfield were put on inactive status and eventually closed.
Fourth Air Force began the process of shutting down training activities completely, the field receiving notice in early October 1945 that it would revert to inactive status at the end of the month. The base was put on standby status effective 31 October 1945. In 1946, the airbase began to be returned to county supervision. The final transfer of property back to Snohomish County was complete in 1948.
The military, however was not totally absent from Paine Field during the postwar years. The 636th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, a USAF Air Defense Command Radar unit stationed at McChord AFB, had a detachment stationed at the field in 1949, and in July 1950, a detachment of the 91st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (81st FIG) at Moses Lake AFB was assigned to the then civil airport as a ground controlled-interceptor squadron with F-86A Sabre jets to intercept unknown aircraft entering the radar squadron's coverage. Other temporary radar squadrons located at Paine Field were the 635th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron during the summer of 1950, and the 757th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron in 1951. These squadrons all were under the 505th Aircraft Control and Warning Group at McChord AFB, and were moved out as soon as their permanent facilities were completed.
Cold War.
Before Snohomish County could start planning for the continued development of a "super airport", the United States was again involved in an armed conflict—this time in Korea and also the breakout of the Cold War with the Soviet Union. When the Pacific Northwest defense installations were reviewed House Representative Henry M. Jackson recommended more military presence in the area and Paine Field was reactivated as a military airbase.
Air Defense Command.
The facility was returned to military service in 1951 and renamed Paine Air Force Base by the United States Air Force. Paine was placed under the jurisdiction of the Air Defense Command (ADC). While the county relinquished most of its commercial facilities to house Air Force personnel and installations, the site did not have an exclusive military presence. In a shared use agreement, the county rented to businesses such as Alaska Airlines. The military operated the control tower and was operated as a joint-use civil-military facility. The 4753rd Air Base Squadron (later re-designated the 86th Air Base Squadron) was activated on the new Air Force base on 1 February 1952 as a placeholder unit.
Although inactive for only six years, much construction was necessary to bring the World War II training base up to postwar Air Force standards. In 1951 and land surrounding the Paine site was appropriated for military facilities and extended runways. A 9,000-foot jet runway (34/16) was constructed along with accompanying taxiways, concrete block buildings and other support facilities to replace the temporary wooden World War II structures that were viewed as substandard for a permanent Air Force base.
529th Air Defense Group.
Paine AFB was considered a vital Western Defense Command post, an alert-status military base with tactical radar installations and jet interceptors. The 529th Air Defense Group, was activated on 16 February 1953, and became the permanent ADC host unit at Paine, being under the 4704th Air Defense Wing at McChord AFB, Washington.
The first operational flying squadron was the 83d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which arrived on 27 July 1952 from Hamilton AFB, California. The 83d FIS was directed to intercept unknown aircraft by ADC ground control Radars located at Blaine AFS (P-46); Makah AFS (P-44), Naselle AFS (P-57) and at McChord AFB (P-1), Washington.
The 83d FIS was initially equipped with the Northrup F-89B Scorpion jet interceptor. In June 1953, the F-89s were replaced by the Republic F-84G Thunderjet, another first generation jet aircraft pressed into the interceptor role by ADC. In December 1953, the first true ADC-dedicated interceptor, the F-86D Sabre was received by the 83d FIS that replaced the World War II-designed Thunderjets.
The Civil Aeronautics Administration opened the way for economic expansion of Paine in 1953, allowing business and industry unrelated to aviation to establish at the site. This mixed-use function brought economic strength to the region.
On 8 October 1954, the 25th Air Division at McChord AFB replaced the 4704th ADG as the Command and Control organization for Paine AFB. At that time, intercepts by the 83d FIS were directed by a manual direction center (DC-12) at McChord AFB, which received radar data from a wider series of search and height surveillance radars in the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia in Canada.
326th Fighter Group.
On 18 August 1955, the 529th ADG was re-designated as the 326th Fighter Group as result of ADC's "Project Arrow", which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The 326th FG remained under the 25th Air Division at McChord AFB.
Along with the re-designation, the 83d FIS was moved back to Hamilton AFB and replaced by the 321st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which was activated at Paine AFB. It was equipped with the new Northrup F-89D Scorpion, a much-improved version of the interceptor. The F-89D differed from previous versions of the Scorpion in having the armament of six 20-mm cannon replaced by an all-rocket armament. It also had improved Radar and performance, which made it a very effective interceptor aircraft. In June 1956, the first F-89H was received was an adaptation of the missile-armed F-89D to carry the new AIM-4 Falcon, the first operational guided air-to-air missile of the US Air Force.
In 1957 Paine AFB was incorporated into the SAGE (Semi Automatic Ground Environment) air defense system. SAGE was the first computer-controlled air defense control system, which was faster and a much improved interception direction system. The SAGE DC-1 control center at McChord AFB directed the interceptors at Paine. Also in 1957 with the signing of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) treaty with Canada, Paine became part of the 25th NORAD Region. In April 1958, the F-89D Scorpions were upgraded to accommodate the Douglas MB-1 Genie nuclear-tipped unguided air-to-air rocket, and were re-designated as F-89J.
The federal government acquired 205 acres east of the airbase in August 1957 for construction of a CIM-10 Bomarc surface-to-air missile (SAM) site that turned out to be obsolete before it was completed.
The 321st FIS and its F-89 Scorpion interceptors were replaced on 1 March 1960 by the 64th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and the Convair F-102 Delta Dagger supersonic interceptor. This was part of the phaseout of the F-89s and F-86D subsonic interceptors by ADC.
On 1 April 1960, in an administrative reorganization, the Seattle Air Defense Sector replaced the 25th Air Division as the command and control organization of Paine Air Force Base.
57th Fighter Group.
In another administrative reorganization by ADC, the 326th Fighter Group was re-designated as the 57th Fighter Group on 1 April 1961, with the senior unit replacing the junior 326th due to precedence and a desire to bring back on the active list lower-numbered units. On 1 April 1966, the 25th Air Division again become the command and control organization for Paine AFB.
The 64th FIS remained as part of the 57th Fighter Group with its F-102 interceptors throughout the early and mid 1960s.
Air Force Reserve.
The Air Force Reserve also operated several Tactical Air Command Troop Carrier Squadrons at Paine during the 1950s. These units operated C-119 Flying Boxcars
In January 1965, the 97th TCS was upgraded to the C-124 Globemaster II intercontinental heavy transport. In June 1965 the squadron was reassigned to McChord AFB as part of the transfer of TAC Troop Carrier C-124 units to the Military Air Transport Service (MATS).
Closure.
In 1966, the Air Force began closing Paine Air Force Base due to budgetary reasons caused by the cost of the Vietnam War. By the late 1960s and the development of Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBM), it was believed that the chance of a Soviet bomber attack on the United States was remote and the Air Force began closing fighter-interceptor bases at the direction of the Secretary of Defense. Another reason cited for the inactivation was the phaseout by ADC of the F-102 in favor of the newer Convair F-106 Delta Dart.
The 64th FIS and its F-102s were reassigned to Clark AB, Philippines on 6 June 1966 where they were further deployed to Da Nang AB, South Vietnam, where they flew air defense missions.
The 57th Fighter Group phased down operations with the departure of the interceptors, and was inactivated in place on 30 September 1968. Paine Air Force Base was inactivated and the facility was returned to full civil control.
Current status.
Now known as Paine Field, the ground station of the former Paine Air Force Base has been totally redeveloped and obliterated by new construction. Some foundations of the old base family housing area remain south of the former base, however the structures have been torn down.
The airfield has been expanded by the county and by Boeing, which has a large presence at the airport and many new facilities, parking aprons, hangars and buildings. The aircraft parking apron where F-89s and F-102s were on interceptor alert is now a large employee parking lot, and Federal Express has a large terminal/warehouse with a large number of aircraft parked on it. A former USAF hangar remains standing and is used by the Flying Heritage Collection museum on the former Air Force Base.
The Washington Air National Guard retained a small portion of the former Air Force Base (112th Street SW and Beverly Park Road) and operates civil engineering, non-flying activities from part of the facility to the present day. The current Washington ANG unit at Everett, Washington, is the 215th Engineering Installation Squadron (215 EIS). The United States Air Force Auxiliary also known as the Civil Air Patrol is also based at Paine Field.

</doc>
<doc id="9663021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663021" title="Flex print">
Flex print

Flex is a sheet of Poly Vinyle Choloride(PVC)/ Poly ethlene (PE) widely used to deliver high quality digital print for outdoor hoardings and banner mainly printed by large color solvent ink printers in CMYK mode. These prints are used instead of hand written banner for its low cost and durability.

</doc>
<doc id="9663043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663043" title="Warmund, Patriarch of Jerusalem">
Warmund, Patriarch of Jerusalem

Warmund, also "Garmond", "Gormond", "Germond", "Guarmond", or "Waremond", (bef. 1069–1128) was the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1118 until his death at Sidon in 1128.
Warmund of Picquigny was a son of another Warmund (Guermond) of Picquigny and his wife Adele. His brother Eustache was Vidame of Amiens. Shortly after the death of Arnulf of Chocques, Warmund was elected to replace him as Patriarch of Jerusalem in late 1118. In 1120, with Baldwin II, King of Jerusalem, he convened the Council of Nablus. The canons of the council served as a sort of concordat between the church of Outremer and the Crusader States. The first canon is a promise by Baldwin to surrender the appropriate tithes to the patriarch, namely those from his own royal estates in Jerusalem, Nablus, and Acre. In the second canon, Baldwin requests forgiveness for the tithes he had previously withheld, and Warmund absolves him in the third. At about this same time Warmund was approached by a group of Christian knights who requested permission to elect a master to lead them to defend the kingdom. King Baldwin II gave them quarters in the Temple of Solomon. Hugues de Payens was elected their master and Warmund charged them with the duty of keeping the roads safe from thieves and others who were routinely robbing and killing pilgrims en route to Jerusalem. This they did for nine years until the Council of Troyes in 1129 when they became a military order sanctioned by the Church; the Knights Templar.
Between – and along with Gerard, Prior of the Holy Sepulchre, Warmund wrote an important letter to Diego Gelmírez, Archbiship of Santiago de Compostela citing crop failures and being threatened by their enemies; they requested food, money, and military aid in order to maintain the kingdom of Jerusalem. In 1123, he negotiated an alliance between Jerusalem and the Republic of Venice. This was finalized in the treaty which bears his name: the "Pactum Warmundi" (from his Latin name "Warmundus"). In 1124, he was appointed supreme commander of the Crusader forces besieging Tyre, as he was felt to possess greater authority than any alternative as commander. He was a faithful friend of King Baldwin. Warmund died in July of 1128.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9663052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663052" title="Wiang Pa Pao District">
Wiang Pa Pao District

Wiang Pa Pao (; ) is the southwesternmost district ("amphoe") of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mae Suai, Phan of Chiang Rai Province, Wang Nuea, Mueang Pan of Lampang Province, Doi Saket and Phrao of Chiang Mai Province. The Khun Tan Range runs along the western side of the district and its highest point, 2,031 m high Doi Mae Tho, is located at its SW end.
History.
Wiang Pa Pao was one of the "Mueang" in northern Thailand. In 1905 the district Wiang Pa Pao was merged with Mueang Phong and renamed to Mae Suai, while the central area of the old "Mueang" kept the name as the minor district ("King Khwaeng") Wiang Pa Pao. In 1907 it was upgraded to a full district.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 92 villages ("muban"). There are two subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon") - Wiang Pa Pao covers parts of "tambon" Wiang, and Mae Khachan covers parts of "tambon" Mae Chai. There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9663057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663057" title="Ayandegan">
Ayandegan

Ayandegan () was one of the most influential and popular daily newspapers in Iran during Mohammad Reza Pahlavi's rule. It was founded by Daryoush Homayoun. After the 1979 revolution, on August 8, 1979, the revolutionary prosecutor banned the newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="9663073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663073" title="Erik Sten">
Erik Sten

Erik Sten (born October 1967 in New Haven, Connecticut) is a former City Commissioner in Portland, Oregon, United States. He was first elected to Commissioner Position No. 2 in 1996, in a campaign featuring hundreds of volunteers, defeating Chuck Duffy. He ran successful campaigns for re-election in 1998, 2002, and 2006.
Sten was raised in Portland where he attended Irvington Elementary School, Fernwood Middle School, and Grant High School. Other notable high school classmates of Sten's are Mike Scheckla, the Portland Trail Blazers' mascot, "The Hippy Fan," and punk icon, activist/feminist, musician, Kathleen Hanna. He graduated from Stanford University in 1989 with a BA in English. He currently lives in Bend, OR, where he is the President of Further Development, LLC (www.furtherdev.com) with his wife, Marnie, and son, Nicholas. 
Sten was a founding member of X-PAC, a group of politically minded young citizens, in the mid-1990s, and has participated heavily in the Oregon Bus Project, a similar group formed in the 2000s.
He was also a driving force behind Portland's publicly financed elections system.
Sten was named as one of Oregon's 15 most influential people in 2005.
He resigned from his position April 4, 2008, and was succeeded by Nick Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="9663079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663079" title="Germany Davis Cup team">
Germany Davis Cup team

The Germany Davis Cup team represents Germany in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Deutscher Tennis Bund. As East Germany never participated in the Davis Cup and the Deutscher Tennisbund remained the same organization throughout the century the West German Davis Cup team is included in this article.
Germany has won the Davis Cup three times (1988, 1989, 1993) and finished as runners-up twice (1970, 1985).
In 2007 Germany compete in the World Group for the 24th time out of 27 years which ranks them in 6th place on this category.
Current team.
Players who belonged to the team in 2014:
History.
Germany competed in its first Davis Cup in 1913.
First final participation in 1970.
In 1970, Germany reached the Davis Cup final for the first time. Having defeated Denmark, Egypt, Belgium and the Soviet Union in the European zone they played India and Spain in the so-called interzonal zone, beating both teams. In the final Wilhelm Bungert and Christian Kuhnke played Arthur Ashe and Cliff Richey in the singles and Bob Lutz/Stan Smith in the double. The German players lost all five matches, all but one in three sets.
Second final participation in 1985.
Fifteen years later Germany reached the Davis Cup final for the second time. After close successes against Spain and the United States and a clear victory against Czechoslovakia in the World Group Germany played Sweden at home in Munich. Germany played with Boris Becker and Michael Westphal in the singles and with Becker/Andreas Maurer in the double. After the fourth rubber against Mats Wilander and Stefan Edberg in the singles and Wilander/Joakim Nyström in the double the standings were 2–2. In the decisive fifth rubber Westphal lost to Stefan Edberg in four sets.
First Davis Cup title in 1988.
Only three years later Germany reached the Davis Cup final for the third time. After three 5–0 whitewashes against Brazil, Denmark and Yugoslavia Germany once again met Sweden. Now it was Sweden's turn to lose at home. Germany secured its triumph in the third match, the double. Carl-Uwe Steeb and Boris Becker had defeated Mats Wilander and Stefan Edberg, respectively, before the German double consisting of Becker and Eric Jelen defeated Edberg and Anders Järryd in five sets. The fourth match which was shortened to best of three was won by Edberg before Sweden let Germany get its fourth point by a walkover.
Second Davis Cup title in 1989.
Germany defeated Indonesia, Czechoslovakia and the United States on the way to their second consecutive final and the final once again was Germany against Sweden. This time the final took place in Stuttgart. Mats Wilander achieved the 1–0 lead for Sweden by defeating Carl-Uwe Steeb in five sets before Boris Becker levelled the standings in a three-set victory against Stefan Edberg. Becker and Eric Jelen defeated the Sweden double of Jan Gunnarsson and Anders Järryd in five sets before Becker secured the second consecutive German Davis Cup title by defeating Mats Wilander in three sets.
Third Davis Cup title in 1993.
It took Germany four years to reach the Davis Cup final for the fifth time, and they did so by beating Russia, the Czech Republic and – once again – Sweden. In the final against Australia that took place in Düsseldorf, Germany, Michael Stich defeated Jason Stoltenberg in five sets to mark the first point for Germany. In the second Friday single, Marc-Kevin Goellner lost to Richard Fromberg with a result of 7–9 in the fifth set. Stich and Patrik Kühnen defeated their Australian counterparts Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde in the double, marking the 2–1 for Germany. In the fourth rubber, Michael Stich clearly defeated Richard Fromberg in three sets before Goellner defeated Fromberg in the tie-break of the third and last set.
Up to now, this was Germany last participation in the Davis Cup final.
Results.
Germany
West Germany
Recent performances.
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1981, when the competition started being held in the current World Group format.
Media coverage.
Germany's Davis Cup matches are currently televised by ProSieben which will last until 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="9663108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663108" title="Banking Ordinance">
Banking Ordinance

The Banking Ordinance is a set of laws passed by the Legislative Council of Hong Kong to tighten restrictions for opening up or licensing a bank. Prior to the 1964 re-regulations, the government had no way to control bank's monetary effect on the economy. It also had no way of protecting the people utilizing the institutions. Banking was considered a Laissez-faire network, and was also described as "Free Banking" or "Wildcat Banking" filled with much uncertainty.
History.
Banking Ordinance of 1948.
The first law passed. It provided for the licensing of banks, examination of bank books, publication of bank statements and the appointment of an advisory committee. A Hong Kong dollar $5,000 license fee was required one-time. Afterwards, a bank could theoretically open on zero capital.
Banking Ordinance of 1964.
The law was passed on October 16, 1964 and advised by a group of senior officials from the Bank of England. A minimum capital of HKD $5 million and liquidity ratio of 25% and limitation on loans and investments became the new requirements to open a legit institution.
Banking Ordinance of 1967.
The law was passed in response to a banking crisis in which a few banks experienced liquidity problems and 18 acquisitions by larger banks were recorded. The revised law set the new minimum capital to HKD $10 million. A debt moratorium was imposed on new bank licenses.
Hong Kong Association of Banks.
The Hong Kong Association of Banks was established in 1981 as a network tag for banks that follow the ordinance rules.
Banking Ordinance of 1986.
The law is an enhancement to the existing 1967 set. Changes were made to the provisioning of banks, adequacy of capital, control of the management of a bank. It also merged the "Deposit-taking Companies Ordinance" which also required a certain capital before banks can accept deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="9663112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663112" title="Sarji">
Sarji

Sarji is a surname in many Middle Eastern countries.
It is also thought to be the name of an unguided missile production facility in Iran. [http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/iran/facility/sarji.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9663139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663139" title="Teohari Georgescu">
Teohari Georgescu

Teohari Georgescu (January 31, 1908 – December 31, 1976) was a high-ranking member of the Romanian Communist Party.
Life.
Born in Bacău, he was the third of seven children of Constantin and Aneta Georgescu. Georgescu, whose formal education ended after the fourth grade, began his career as an assistant in his father's store. In 1923, he was sent to the main printing house in Bucharest, Cartea Românească, to apprentice as a typesetter. Three years later, his father now dead, he joined the Gutenberg printers' union and secretly began to read Communist leaflets. He soon joined the Communist party, then illegal. He became a member of the party's Central Committee and its Secretariat, participating in secret meetings, organising strikes, and spreading leaflets. Siguranța Statului, the Kingdom of Romania's secret services, began to keep an eye on him, and he was first arrested in 1933 for authoring leaflets that were spread in the typesetters' room at Cartea Românească. A young and capable lawyer, Iosif Schraer, ensured that Georgescu was released after only two months in prison and a few beatings.
Further arrests followed; finally, after being detained in April 1941, the next month he was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment at Caransebeş. Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej named him leader of the prison's communist group before being transferred to Târgu Jiu prison in 1943. He was released after the arrival of the Red Army in 1944, and at Ana Pauker's suggestion he became undersecretary of state at the Ministry of Interior on November 4. He was well-qualified for the clandestine work the job required: in 1940, in Moscow, Georgescu had received training, coordinated by Georgi Dimitrov, from NKVD agents; he learned both the secret code for corresponding with the Comintern and a special technique for writing its messages on glass. In Bucharest he communicated, either directly or through Gheorghe Pintilie, with General Dmitri Fedichkin, a Soviet adviser who gave him orders to infiltrate and Sovietize the security services: Siguranța Statului, Jandarmeria and Serviciul Special de Informații.
As a reward for accomplishing this mission, Georgescu was promoted to Minister of Interior once Petru Groza's government took power on March 6, 1945. He also served on the Politburo, was the Secretary of the Party's Central Committee, and ran the United Workers' Front, which coordinated the handling of the social democrats and party cadres.
One of the chief figures responsible for the destruction of Romania's interwar political élite, Georgescu was a fanatical communist who ruthlessly applied terror toward any form of opposition. As Minister of Interior he contributed to the country's Sovietization, to the persecution of the peasants and to the establishment of a system of concentration camps in Romania. Along with Gheorghiu-Dej, Pauker and Vasile Luca, he was part of the ruling quartet responsible for the implementation of the Soviet strategy of imposing communism on Romania. Their role was encapsulated in the propaganda slogan, "Ana, Luca, Teo, Dej / Bagă spaima în burgheji (Ana, Luca, Teo, Dej / Scare the bourgeois").
In January 1952, General Secretary Gheorghiu-Dej traveled to Moscow to seek Joseph Stalin's approval for purging the leadership of the Romanian Communist Party, accusing Pauker, Luca, and Georgescu of fomenting factional intrigue; Vyacheslav Molotov intervened on behalf of Pauker, whereas Lavrentiy Beria defended Georgescu. Together with Pauker and Luca, Georgescu was purged at the plenum of May 26-27, 1952, simultaneously accused of left-wing and right-wing deviationism. He was also accused of a conciliatory stance regarding Luca's deviation and, ironically, of insufficient militancy against the class enemy and revolutionary vigilance. He was thus dismissed from his ministerial post on May 28, losing all his other party and state posts as well: vice-premier, member of the secretariat, politburo and orgburo. Unlike the other two, he had not spent World War II in Moscow, but the Comintern's suggestion in 1940 that Georgescu be made General Secretary kept Gheorghiu-Dej wary of his influence. Furthermore, as Luca and Pauker began to fall from grace in early 1952 (their fate having been decided in Moscow), he made the mistake of standing by them. Initially "assigned to work at a lower level", he was arrested on February 18, 1953 and investigated by his former subordinates at the Securitate for three years. At one point, his wife and two children (one of them an infant) were arrested in order to induce him to give evidence against Lucrețiu Pătrășcanu. He confessed guilt to all charges, but was nevertheless released in April 1956. 
Georgescu returned to his old workplace, Cartea Românească, now called "Întreprinderea 13 Decembrie", first working as a proofreader and then being appointed manager before retiring in 1963. After Nicolae Ceaușescu came to power, he was rehabilitated at the April 1968 plenary. He was appointed candidate member of the Central Committee at the party's 1972 national conference, holding the post until 1974. He died in obscurity; after cremation, his ashes were placed in the "Monument of the Heroes for the Freedom of the People and of the Motherland, for Socialism" in Bucharest's Carol Park, being removed after the Romanian Revolution of 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9663141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663141" title="Andrew Humpherson">
Andrew Humpherson

Andrew Humpherson, (born 15 August 1960) is a former Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for Davidson from 1992-2007. He has since pursued a career in public affairs overseeing the Government and Public Affairs Division of Australia's nuclear agency and subsequently returned to NSW politics in 2011 as Chief of Staff to the Energy and Resources Minister in the newly elected O'Farrell government. 
Early life.
Humpherson was born in the United Kingdom in 1960. His family moved to Australia in 1970 and he was educated at Davidson High School where he became a member of the Student Council and develpoed a passion for politocs as a member of the Warringah Youth Council. He attended the University of New South Wales where he graduated with honours in the degree of Bachelor of Engineering (Chemical).
Between 1986 and 1992 he was employed as an engineer and also a Territory Manager for Shell Australia. Humpherson entered politics on 14 March 1987 as an independent Councillor on Warringah Shire Council and was Deputy Shire President from 1991-1992 until he resigned on 30 May 1992, following his election to state parliament.
Political and business career.
He was elected into the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the seat of Davidson, at a May 1992 by-election brought on by the resignation of former Education Minister and Liberal-turned-independent member Terry Metherell, who resigned to take up a public service appointment offered by the Greiner government. The Independent Commission Against Corruption undertook an investigation into the appointment amid allegations that this amounted to a corrupt attempt to have Davidson return to the Liberal Party, which had lost its parliamentary majority at the 1991 election. 
The independents who held the balance of power subsequently forced Greiner's resignation as Premier, but ICAC was found to have exceeded its jurusdiction by the Supreme Court of New South Wales. However Davidson returned to the Liberals, with Humpherson easily winning the by-election ahead of 14 other candidates, despite a 16.1 per cent swing against the Liberal Party. 
As a backbencher, Humpherson served in various Parliamentary committees, until in 2000 when he was appointed as a Shadow Minister under Opposition Leader Kerry Chikarovski. He held various shadow portfolios including Housing and Corrective Services (2000–2002), Planning and Environment (2002–2003), Justice (2003–2006), Community Services (2005–2006) and Emergency Services (2003–2007). 
He was active in pursuing better policies to protect key public lands, make smoke detectors compulsory in NSW, sell high value public housing stock to meet housing needs; and pressed for tougher parole and contraband regimes in prisons.
Humpherson was narrowly defeated in a preselection battle before the 2007 election in favour of a challenger who had undertaken widespread branch-stacking Jonathan O'Dea. Humpherson had cross-factional backing among many delegates, but attracted controversy in local branches after reportedly suggesting party members to quit branches under O'Dea's control, thereby reducing their voting power. Despite having support of the Party Leader, Peter Debnam, Humpherson lost the vote 52 votes to 54 and he retired from parliament.
In March 2007, Humpherson was appointed to the newly created position of General Manager of Government and Public Affairs at the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation (ANSTO) and was a member of the management committee.
Humpherson left ANSTO in late 2010 to establish his own government relations consultancy, Waratah Advisory, in anticipation of an expected win by his former Liberal colleagues at the March 2011 NSW state election. He was a 2GB election night commentator and presenter on election outcomes. After the election he changed his career path and accepted an opportunity to be Chief of Staff to the newly appointed Resources and Energy Minister the Hon Chris Hartcher MP so he cold participate in the implementation of policies developed over 16 years in Opposition. 
His experience was invaluable in this period overseeing the closure of the liability of the $1.6 billion Solar bonus Scheme, the merger of the State's electricity network businesses, the implementation of a new land use policy which established a better balance for mining and coal seam gas in key parts of NSW, the deregulation of electricity prices and the removal of the cold war era ban on uranium exploration. He continued in this role until the resignation of Hartcher in December 2013 and has returned to consulting and providing strategic political advice.

</doc>
<doc id="9663154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663154" title="Nagorik Shakti">
Nagorik Shakti

Nagorik Shakti () was a proposed political party in Bangladesh. It was conceived in by 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus. "Nagorik Shakti" means "Citizen's Power". Yunus communicated his ideas to the people of the nation and asked for feedbacks by writing a total of three letters addressed to the citizens in the prominent national daily "The Daily Star". Yunus discontinued his venture in 2007 citing lack of interested eligible candidates.
Political situation of Bangladesh.
Bangladeshi politics was marred by instability, especially during the turmoil of 2006-08. Most top politicians, including former Prime Ministers Khaleda Zia and Sheikh Hasina were imprisoned on corruption charges, and a state of emergency existed. Hence, to counter the rampant corruption in politics, Yunus proposed a political party run by clean honest people.
History.
In early 2006 Yunus, along with other members of the civil society including Professor Rehman Sobhan, Justice Muhammad Habibur Rahman, Dr Kamal Hossain, Matiur Rahman, Mahfuz Anam and Debapriya Bhattchariya, participated in a campaign for honest and clean candidates in national elections. He considered entering politics in the later part of that year.
The First Letter.
On 11 February 2007, Yunus wrote an open letter, published in the Bangladeshi newspaper "Daily Star", where he asked citizens for views on his plan to float a political party to establish political goodwill, proper leadership and good governance. In the letter, he called on everyone to briefly outline how he should go about the task and how they can contribute to it.
Unveiling.
Yunus finally announced the foundation of a new party tentatively called Citizens' Power ("Nagorik Shakti") on 18 February 2007. There was speculation that the army supported a move by Yunus into politics.
The Second Letter.
The second letter written by Yunus addressed to the citizens expressed his interests to join politics, outlining the foundations and principles of the party, a detailed organizational structure for the grassroots of the party, and featured addresses to women, the young, and the expatriates.
Motto and Principles.
"Bangladesh egiye cholo" or "March Ahead, Bangladesh" was to be the theme title of the movement, as declared in the second letter to the people. Among its aims is the reinstatement of a secular constitution as well as gains in female empowerment and the fight against poverty and corruption. It will attempt to appoint capable leaders with a commitment to honest governance and accountability. Dr. Yunus intended to make Bangladesh an economical check-point in South Asia by opening up its ports and establishing global ties.
Organization.
Yunus outlined the organizational structure of the party through his second letter to the people.
The organization of Nagorik Shakti was to be mostly based on the rural areas of Bangladesh: the villages. It was assumed that there will be 20 working people, and hoped that the parties will avoid going down the path of the more unruly elements in Bangladeshi politics by avoiding formal showdown such as public meetings, preferring instead to convince the electorate by proclaiming facts. Each unit should have 50% female worker-supporter and must have at least 33%. Ideally, females and young people should be among the party's key players. Each team or group must be able to nominate others to higher positions and this practice should be carried on right up to constituency level. Party expenses will be covered by its members.
Yunus intended his party to run for all 300 constituencies during the 2008 parliamentary elections.
Conflict of interest with Grameen Bank.
Yunus wants to avoid accusations of conflict of interest between his role in Shakti and with the Grameen Bank—the pioneering microcredit lender he founded in 1976. He has stated that he will reduce his involvement with the Bank, and that no Grameen Bank executives will be involved with the party.
Reactions in the political arena.
Right from its inception, the party has caused quite a stir in political circles. Though many political leaders initially remained tight-lipped, some expressed their bitterness regarding the party.
Then Former Premier Sheikh Hasina expressed her displeasure over Yunus joining politics, saying, "Newcomers in politics are dangerous elements and are to be viewed with suspicion, they often do more harm to the nation than good."
Mufti Aminee, one of the former four-party alliance leaders was even less charitable in his views on the Professor, saying "Dr. Yunus is an enemy of the country, nation and Islam."
The Third Letter.
On 3 May, however, Yunus declared that he had decided to abandon his political plans following a meeting with the head of the interim government, Fakhruddin Ahmed.

</doc>
<doc id="9663155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663155" title="I'm Not Afraid To Move On">
I'm Not Afraid To Move On

"I'm Not Afraid To Move On" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by Jostein Hasselgård.
The song is a dramatic, piano-led ballad, with Hasselgård singing that he is "in love with a beautiful girl" and that that is all that matters - regardless of the pressures put on him by the world.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Greece's Mando with "Never Let You Go" and preceding France's Louisa Baïleche with "Monts et merveilles". At the close of voting, it had received 123 points, placing 4th in a field of 26.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2004 Contest by Knut Anders Sørum with "High".
"I'm Not Afraid To Move On" peaked at # 12 in the Norwegian single charts.

</doc>
<doc id="9663158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663158" title="Phan District">
Phan District

Phan (; ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south west clockwise) Wiang Pa Pao, Mae Suai, Mae Lao, Mueang Chiang Rai, Pa Daet of Chiang Rai Province, Mae Chai of Phayao province and Wang Nuea of Lampang Province.
The mountains of the Phi Pan Nam Range dominate the landscape of the district.
History.
Originally named Mueang Phan, it was renamed to Phan in 1938, as the word "Mueang" was then reserved for the capital districts of the provinces.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 15 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 229 villages ("muban"). Mueang Phan is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Mueang Phan. There are further 15 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9663171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663171" title="Exchange Bank Association">
Exchange Bank Association

Exchange Bank Association was originally established in 1897 in Hong Kong as a bank association in dealing with the exchange business. It then became an organization that set interest rates on bank deposits to keep bank competition alive and balanced.
History.
The association was crucial in the stabilizing of financial markets during the Colonial Hong Kong era from the 1890s to 1930s. Their interest rates however, only affected banks. The 1960s and 70s would spawn new deposit-taking companies that set their own interest rates. This is one of the reason why the economy was split into a 3-tier system by 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9663177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663177" title="Gun law in the United States">
Gun law in the United States

Gun law in the United States is defined by a number of state and federal statutes. In the United States the protection against infringement of the right to keep and bear arms is addressed in the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution. While there have been vigorous debates on the nature of this right, there has been a lack of clear federal court rulings defining this right until recently. The individual right to bear arms for self-defense was affirmed in the landmark United States Supreme Court cases "District of Columbia v. Heller" in 2008, which overturned a handgun ban in the Federal District of Columbia, and "McDonald v. City of Chicago" in 2010, which incorporated the individual right to the states.
Federal gun laws are enforced by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). Most federal gun laws were enacted through:
In addition to federal gun laws, all U.S. states and some local jurisdictions have imposed their own firearms restrictions.
General provisions.
Use of firearms.
Provided that all other laws are complied with, an individual may temporarily borrow or rent a firearm for lawful purposes throughout the United States.
Under United States federal law, the use of a firearm in a violent or drug trafficking crime is punishable by a mandatory prison sentence of up to 20 years. The minimum is one month. A second conviction, if the firearm is an automatic weapon or is equipped with a suppressor, brings life imprisonment without release.
Carrying firearms (federal law).
There is no federal law generally prohibiting the carrying of firearms by citizens for protection or other lawful purposes, with limited exception in the Federal Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990. Other statutes concerning Federal property such as military installations also address the carry of firearms. By tradition and as defined in the Constitution, laws describing the bearing of arms are exclusively the business of state legislatures.<br>
See: Gun laws in the United States (by state)
The carry of firearms for protection and other lawful purposes is legal in all 50 states, either under license or as a matter of course. Washington, D.C. is the only region that both prohibits carry by statute, and doesn't issue a license exempting one from the statute. 
Open carrying of firearms without any licensing requirement is legal in thirty-one states, including: Alabama; Alaska; Arizona; Arkansas; Colorado; Delaware; Idaho; Kansas; Kentucky; Louisiana; Maine; Michigan; Missouri; Montana; Nebraska; Nevada; New Hampshire; New Mexico; North Carolina; Ohio; Oregon; Pennsylvania; South Dakota; Utah; Vermont; Virginia; Washington; West Virginia; Wisconsin and Wyoming. States urge caution while engaging in open carry to not cause a public disturbance, most under penalty of law. <br>
Some of these states' statutes prohibit carry in vehicles without a license; concealment without a license; concealment generally; or other restrictions. It is strongly advised to be totally familiar with all aspects of gun law whether they affect you or not to be fully aware.<br>
See: Open carry in the United States and Concealed Carry in the United States
Prohibited persons.
The following list of prohibited persons are ineligible to own or use firearms under the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
In addition, no Federal Firearms License holder may sell or deliver firearms or ammunition to minors, defined as under the age of eighteen for long guns and the age of twenty-one for handguns.
Acquiring from dealers.
Provided that federal law and the laws of both the dealer's and purchaser's states and localities are complied with:
Sales between individuals.
For transactions that do not involve federal firearms licensees, such as private transactions, federal law is less strict when it comes to minimum age.
In a private transaction, federal law prohibits the transfer or the sale of a handgun or ammunition, for use only in handguns, to individuals under 18 years of age. Although, there are certain exceptions in federal law, that if met, would allow an individual to transfer a handgun or ammunition, for use only in handguns, to someone under 18 years of age.
There is no federal law concerning minimum age for the transfer or sale of a firearm that is not defined as a handgun, such as rifles, semiautomatic rifles, short-barreled rifles, shotguns, short-barreled shotgun, etc., for transactions that don't involve federal firearms licensees. 
An individual who does not possess a federal firearms license may not sell a modern firearm to a resident of another state without first transferring the firearm to a dealer in the purchaser's state. Firearms received by bequest or intestate succession are exempt from those sections of the law which forbid the transfer, sale, delivery or transportation of firearms into a state other than the transferor's state of residence. Likewise, antique firearms are exempt from these sections of the law in most states. (Antique firearms are defined as those manufactured pre-1899 by U.S. federal law, or modern replicas thereof that do not use cartridges. State law definitions on antique firearms vary considerably from state to state.)
Undetectable guns.
The Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 made it "unlawful to manufacture, import, sell, ship, deliver, possess, transfer, or receive any firearm" that is not detectable by a walk-through metal detector or "of which any major component, when subjected to inspection by x-ray machines commonly used at airports, does not generate an image that accurately depicts the shape of the component." It was signed into law by President Ronald Reagan on November 10, 1988. The law included a ten year sunset clause, which has since been renewed on the following occasions:

</doc>
<doc id="9663180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663180" title="Norwegian point">
Norwegian point

Norwegian Point is low and rounding, about 0.2 mile northwest of Hansville, Washington in Kitsap County, Washington, located at the northern end of the Kitsap Peninsula, affording sweeping views of Admiralty Inlet, Whidbey Island, and Puget Sound. 
A conspicuous, privately owned lighthouse, Skunk Bay Lighthouse, is located 210 feet above the water about 1 mile west of Norwegian Point.

</doc>
<doc id="9663202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663202" title="Spain Davis Cup team">
Spain Davis Cup team

The Spain Davis Cup team represents Spain in the Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Real Federación Española de Tenis, presided over by "José Luis Escañuela".
Spain has won the Davis Cup five times (2000, 2004, 2008, 2009 and 2011), and finished as runner-up four times (1965, 1967, 2003, 2012).
As of 2014, Spain has competed in the World Group for 16 consecutive years, and for 29 of the last 30 years, which make it historically one of the most powerful countries in the tennis world.
Spain defeated Argentina in the 2011 final, held for the second time in Seville, by a score of 3–1 to claim their fifth title, and the third in four years.
History.
Spain competed in its first Davis Cup in 1921 but didn't reach the final round until 1965, when the team led by Jaime Bartroli lost to Australia. They reached the final again two years later but though they had great players such as Manuel Santana and Manuel Orantes, Spain lost against Roy Emerson and company again.
Spanish fans had to wait 33 years in 2000, to see their team play another Davis Cup final, but this time the Spanish team defeated the Australians in Barcelona with Juan Carlos Ferrero as national hero. But Lleyton Hewitt, who had been defeated by Ferrero three years before, had his revenge very soon, when Spain lost to Australia again in 2003.
The following year, Spain reached the final once again. It was played in Seville and for the first time ever, they didn't have to play against Australia. Their opponents were the United States, and thanks to great performances from Carlos Moyá and an 18-year-old Rafael Nadal, Spain managed to win their second Davis Cup.
Spain reached the final once again in 2008, and they won against Argentina. It was the first time that the Spanish team managed to win the final on foreign soil. Unexpectedly, the Spanish heroes were Fernando Verdasco and Feliciano López, winning one single each and the doubles partnering together. David Ferrer, then World Number 5, lost in straight sets to David Nalbandian in the only match he played in the final; and Nadal, World Number 1, was injured, and he wasn't able to play in Argentina.
After winning the Davis Cup for the third time, Emilio Sánchez stepped down as captain to allow compatriot Albert Costa take his place. Second-seeded Spain cruised to their seventh Davis Cup final after home victories against Serbia, Germany and Israel, even though Costa struggled to make a team as Rafael Nadal and Fernando Verdasco missed two ties each. Spain played the Czech Republic, which previously managed to eliminate first-seeded Argentina. The final was held in home ground again, where they hadn't lost a tie since 1999. Spain swept the Czechs 5–0 behind great performances from David Ferrer and Rafael Nadal to claim their second consecutive title, and the fourth in ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="9663228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663228" title="Land of Canaan (film)">
Land of Canaan (film)

Land of Canaan is a Mystery-thriller film and is directed by Reginald LaFrance, it stars Christina Applegate, Robert Englund, Juliet Landau and Neve Campbell.
Plot.
The film is about a detective's hunt for a killer and the love affair that goes along with it.
Production.
It will be the film directorial debut of LaFrance, whose previous directing work has involved MTV's Real World series. The movie about murder and hauntings in the Nevada town of "Goldfield" based on a true story.
Artwork.
The Official "Land of Canaan" movie poster was designed by Dominic Phelps of Dom1ne Visuals (smallVEGAS LLC.) dom1ne.com

</doc>
<doc id="9663278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663278" title="Mariclare Costello">
Mariclare Costello

Mariclare Costello (born February 3, 1936 in Peoria, Illinois) is a television, stage, and movie actress. She is a lifetime member of The Actors Studio. Costello's most notable role was Rosemary Hunter Fordwick on the television series "The Waltons," from 1972 to 1977. In 1977, after her role on the Waltons, she played matriarch Maggie Fitzpatrick on the short-lived drama show "The Fitzpatricks."
Her first film appearance was in "The Tiger Makes Out" (1967). In 1970, she appeared on stage in "Harvey" at the ANTA Theatre, in New York City. She is also well remembered for her role as a hippie-vampire in the 1971 cult horror film "Let's Scare Jessica to Death." In the 1981 Miloš Forman film "Ragtime," she portrayed Emma Goldman in a scene that was ultimately deleted from the theatrical release, but still included on the DVD.
She was married to actor Allan Arbus until his death in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9663292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663292" title="Russia Davis Cup team">
Russia Davis Cup team

The Russia Davis Cup team represents Russia in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Russian Tennis Federation. The team started playing in 1993.
Russia has won the Davis Cup twice, in 2002 and 2006, and finished as runner-up three times, in 1994, 1995, and 2007.
In 2007 Russia played in the World Group for the 15th consecutive year, the second-longest ongoing streak. They were ranked #1 in the Davis Cup ranking by the ITF.
History.
Russia competed in its first Davis Cup in 1962, as the Soviet Union, until 1991, and in 1992 under the name of CIS. Russia played a total of 117 series, of which they won 77 and lost 40. It won the Cup twice – in 2002 and 2006, respectively against France and Argentina. In 1994, 1995 and 2007 the team played in the final – against Sweden and USA, the latter two.
Russia was the top-ranked country in the Davis Cup standings in 2009, but were upset by Israel in their quarterfinal tie in July 2009, on indoor hard courts at the Nokia Arena in Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="9663307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663307" title="Mae Lao District">
Mae Lao District

Mae Lao (; ) is a district ("amphoe") in the central part of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
History.
The area of Mae Lao district was separated from Mueang Chiang Rai district and established a minor district ("King Amphoe") on May 31, 1993. It originally consisted of the four "tambon" Dong Mada, Chom Mok Kaeo, Bua Sali and Pa Ko Dam. It was upgraded to a full district on December 5, 1996.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Mae Suai, Mueang Chiang Rai and Phan of Chiang Rai Province.
The mountains of the Phi Pan Nam Range dominate the landscape of the district, which is named after the Lao River that flows through it
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 63 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Mae Lao covers parts of "tambon" Dong Mada, and Pa Ko Dam parts of "tambon" Pa Ko Dam and Chom Mok Kaeo. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9663311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663311" title="High (Knut Anders Sørum song)">
High (Knut Anders Sørum song)

"High" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Knut Anders Sørum.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Sørum expressing his desire to bring an unnamed person "high". The lyrics suggest that this person has been beset by problems, and that Sørum believes he can go some way to curing them.
As Norway had finished the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 in the top 10, the song was pre-qualified for the final. Here, it was performed third, following Austria's Tie Break with "Du bist" and preceding France's Jonatan Cerrada with "À chaque pas". At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 24th (last) in a field of 24, thus requiring Norway to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest.
The low score, and long wait before Norway scored any points at all, led Australian commentator Des Mangan to jokingly offer money for anyone prepared to vote for the country. Initially, this was "a thousand bucks", later climbing to "ten thousand bucks and my house". Mangan explained during this commentary that he did not want Norway to further extend its unwanted record of failing to record a point on the most occasions.
The song was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2005 contest by Wig Wam with "In My Dreams".

</doc>
<doc id="9663343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663343" title="Argentina Davis Cup team">
Argentina Davis Cup team

The Argentina Davis Cup team represents Argentina in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the "Asociación Argentina de Tenis". As of 2011, the team has competed in the World Group since 2002 and reached the finals four times (1981, 2006, 2008, 2011) without winning the Cup. Argentina are currently #4 on the Davis Cup ranking by the ITF.
History.
Argentina's Davis Cup debut in 1921 started on the wrong foot with a walkover loss to Denmark in the first round. They played their first Davis Cup matches in 1923, losing 1–4 in the first round against Switzerland. After several years of toiling in the regional and preliminary rounds, led by Guillermo Vilas and José Luis Clerc, Argentina reached their first finals in 1981, losing to the United States. After avoiding relegation from the World Group the next year, Argentina reached the semifinals in 1983, losing in Stockholm against the Swedish team. In the subsequent years Argentina couldn't repeat that performance and was relegated to the Americas I Group in 1987 and would not return to the World Group until the 2002 Davis Cup, reaching the semifinals again in a loss to Russia that included a historical doubles match between Yevgeny Kafelnikov and Marat Safin against David Nalbandian and Lucas Arnold Ker that at 6 hours and 20 minutes is the longest doubles match in recorded history. Since 2002, Argentina has reached the finals on three occasions in 2006, 2008 and 2011 losing all three series.
Venues.
Argentina played all of their home games at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club up until 1996. Since then, other venues where used not only in Buenos Aires but also in other cities such as Córdoba, Mendoza and Mar del Plata, the city of choice for the 2008 Finals, the only series of this kind Argentina has hosted so far and also their only home series that was not played on clay. Since 2006, Argentina began to play their home matches at the Mary Terán de Weiss Stadium in Buenos Aires.
Current squad.
"Rankings as of 6 December 2014"
Recent performances.
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1981, when the competition started being held in the current World Group format.

</doc>
<doc id="9663345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663345" title="Negin">
Negin

Negin () is a Persian female given name. It means a rare diamond or stone, and also refers to the gemstone on a piece of jewelry, such as a ring or necklace. The direct translation of the word Negin is gem or other jewels with a luxurious look and high value. 
It is a very popular Persian female given name.One e.g is Negin Mozafari. Although it is a Persian name it is also used in the Arabic turkish and Armenian language as a female name. 
"Negin" was also an influential literary journal in Tehran. It was published under the editorship of Dr. Mahmood Enayat during the Mohammad Reza Pahlavi era.

</doc>
<doc id="9663349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663349" title="Shashmaqam">
Shashmaqam

Shashmaqam is a Central Asian musical genre, (typical of Tajikistan and Uzbekistan), which may have developed in the city of Bukhara. Shashmaqam means the six Maqams (modes) in the Persian language, dastgah being the name for Persian modes, and "maqams" being the name for modes more generally.
It is a refined sort of music, with lyrics derived from Sufi poems about divine love. The instruments of shashmaqam provide an austere accompaniment to the voices. They consist, at most concerts, of a pair of long-necked lutes, the dayra, or frame drum, which, with its jingles, is very much like a tambourine, and the sato, or bowed tanbour, which vaguely resembles a bass fiddle. 
History.
In the first half of the 20th century in Uzbekistan, Abdul Rauf Fitrad, member of the Jadid, was particularly interested in shashmaqam, the traditional music of the Court. In 1927, he wrote a book called "Ozbek klasik Muzikasi va uning Tarikhi" (Uzbek classical music and its history), in which he presented shashmaqam as a grand musical tradition of the Uzbek people. In the 1930s, during the Soviet regime of Joseph Stalin, Uzbek shashmaqam was seen as an echo of the feudal ruling class and as a kind of music that promoted cultural progress toward adoption of European-style harmony. Finally, in 1951, a decree from the president of the Uzbekistan Union of Composers, reaffirmed by the committee of Uzbekistan, suppressed the maqam and the development of the musical practice.
During the mid-50s, the maqam began an ideological rehabilitation. Tajikistan, which had been an autonomous region of Uzbekistan in the 1920s, finally became a republic. The Tajik leaders decided that shashmaqam should form a part of their great cultural tradition. Thus, shashmaqam was divided in two: the Tajik shashmaqam published in Dushanbe, and the Uzbek shashmaqam published in Tashkent. The Tajik books made no mention of Uzbek shashmaqam and vice-versa.
During the 1980s, this artificial division began to change. Uzbekistan began to learn of the Uzbek-Tajik shashmaqam, and Tajikistan learnt of the Tajik-Uzbek shashmaqam. This has survived to the present, but a surge of nationalism in Uzbekistan may change that: singers on the radio in Bukhara, a city perfectly bilingual in Uzbek and Tajik, are using only the Uzbek texts in their shashmaqam music broadcasts.
This style of music was brought to the Western world, particularly to the United States, by the Bukharian Jews of Central Asia. Many of them were successful performers of Shasmaqam and brought their talent to the West.

</doc>
<doc id="9663356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663356" title="Mariano Artigas">
Mariano Artigas

Mariano Artigas (1938–2006) was a Spanish physicist, philosopher, and writer. He received the Templeton Foundation Award in 1995 for his work on science and religion. He wrote "The Mind of the Universe: Understanding Science and Religion" and fifteen other books on science and religion.
He was a member of the European Association for the Study of Science and Theology and the Académie Internationale de Philosophie des Sciences. He was Consultor of the Pontifical Council for the Dialogue with Non-believers.
In 2002, jointly with other professors, he created the Science, Reason and Faith Research Group (CRYF), based in the University of Navarra where he taught. The aim of the group is to promote the interdisciplinary study of issues where science, philosophy and theology intertwine.[http://www.cryf.org]
He held Ph.D.'s in physics, philosophy, and theology.
He was ordained a priest on 9 August 1964, and incardinated to the Opus Dei prelature. He was the Dean of the Ecclesiastical Faculty of Philosophy for the University of Navarre from 1988 to 1998.
Works.
Professor Artigas published more than 150 articles based on the relationship of science, philosophy, and theology.
His book "The Mind of the Universe, Understanding Science and Religion" received good reviews, among which is that of "Contemporary Physics": Artigas "has raised the level of the contemporary debate on the relations between science and religion and provided a sure guide to their complexities. He seems to have read almost every book on the subject, and gives judicious and sympathetic accounts even of views he does not share. As a scientist himself, he does full justice to the value of science and to the subtleties of the scientific method."
His other well-known works in English are:

</doc>
<doc id="9663383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663383" title="Bromoanisole">
Bromoanisole

Bromoanisole, also known as para-bromoanisole or 1-bromo-4-methoxybenzene, is a clear liquid with a pleasant smell similar to that of anise seed.

</doc>
<doc id="9663385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663385" title="Vittorio Vettori">
Vittorio Vettori

Vittorio Vettori 
(1920 – 2004) was an Italian poet, writer and humanist, passionate spokesperson of ‘’Toscana Europea’’.
He has been author of more than 200 volumes of poetry, narrative, philosophy, literary criticism and Dante essays translated into diverse languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="9663393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663393" title="Croatia Davis Cup team">
Croatia Davis Cup team

The Croatia Davis Cup team represents Croatia in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Croatian Tennis Association. It is captained by Željko Krajan.
Croatia won the Davis Cup once, in 2005.
History.
"Prior to 1993 see Yugoslavia Davis Cup team"
Croatia competed in its first Davis Cup in 1993 in Europe/Africa Group I semifinals beating Zimbabwe 3-2. In 1994 Croatia beat Portugal 4-0 in qualification round thus ensuring its first time appearance in World Group in 1995. Croatia lost in its debut from Germany and failed to qualify in the World Group again until 2002 where they beat Germany and earned its first quarterfinals. In 2005 Croatia won its first Davis Cup over Slovakia as the first unseeded nation to win the title. Croatia reached semifinals in 2009 but lost to Czech Republic 4-1.
Current team.
The following players were called up for the 2014 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I second round match against Poland in April 2014.
Players.
"List of Croatia Davis Cup team representatives as of: Croatia - Poland ; 6 April 2014"
Recent performances.
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1993, when Croatia started competing as a separate nation.
Statistics.
"Since 1993 (Last updated: Croatia - Poland ; 6 April 2014)

</doc>
<doc id="9663417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663417" title="Pa Daet District">
Pa Daet District

Pa Daet (; ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
History.
The area of Pa Daet was originally dense forest of Phan district. People from other places went there to hunt animals and settle new village. It was created as the minor district ("King Amphoe") Pa Daet on June 1, 1969, consisting of the single "tambon" Pa Daet. The minor district was upgraded to a full district on August 21, 1975.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Phan, Mueang Chiang Rai, Thoeng of Chiang Rai Province, Chun, Dok Khamtai, Phu Kamyao, Mueang Phayao and Mae Chai of Phayao province.
The Phi Pan Nam Mountains dominate the landscape of the district. The important water resource is the Ing River.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 58 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Pa Daet covers parts of "tambon" Pa Daet, and Pa Ngae the whole "tambon" Pa Ngae. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Geocode 4 is not used.

</doc>
<doc id="9663419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663419" title="The Master of Tai Chi (TV series)">
The Master of Tai Chi (TV series)

The Master of Tai Chi (Traditional Chinese: 太極) is a Hong Kong martial arts television drama that aired on Jade and HD Jade from 25 February to 28 March 2008. Produced by Tommy Leung and Raymond Chai, "The Master of Tai Chi" is a TVB production. The drama was filmed in early 2006, and is the station's first high-definition series that was ever produced.
This is TVB's custom-made series for kung-fu icon Vincent Zhao. At the request of Zhao, the main character's name has been changed from 'Wen Zhiu' to 'Mo Ma'.
Synopsis.
Orphaned as a child, Mo Ma (Vincent Zhao) grew up in the country and started learning Tai Chi from his mentor at a very young age. The devastating experience of being abandoned by his mother and eventually his mentor as well has left him twisted and full of hatred. After a series of events that leads to his house being burnt down in the village, his best friend Mai Fung-Nin (Kenneth Ma) and him joins the army. After yet another series of events, they saved Yin Chi-Kwai (Myolie Wu) and Yin Chui-Kiu (Selena Li) and travelled to the capital together. In the capital, another series of events leads Mo Ma to be reunited to his mentor and he starts learning Tai Chi from his mentor seriously.
Throughout the series, Mo Ma and his friends will experience many injustice that is planned by the Mayor's Assistant and the Head Police Officer aided by Lui Yau-Ngo (Derek Kok). The relationships of each character in the series will change and evolve as well especially between Mou Ma and Song Ching (Melissa Ng), Mai Fung-Nin and Yin Chui-Kiu and lastly between Yin Chi-Kwai and Tuen Hiu-Sing (Raymond Lam), Mo Ma's rival.
Awards and nominations.
41st TVB Anniversary Awards (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="9663424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663424" title="Ponatahi">
Ponatahi

Ponatahi is a community in the South Wairarapa District of New Zealand's North Island. It is located near the Ruamahanga River south-southeast of Carterton and north east of Greytown. Nearby smaller settlements include Longbush to the south and Gladstone to the east.
Ponatahi is lowly populated and situated in a hilly rural area. The nearest state highway is State Highway 2 and the nearest railway is the Wairarapa Line, both in Carterton. Although there is a Ponatahi Christian School, it is no longer in Ponatahi but is located in Carterton.[http://www.ponatahi.school.nz/]

</doc>
<doc id="9663427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663427" title="Zoltán Nagy (footballer born 1974)">
Zoltán Nagy (footballer born 1974)

Zoltán Nagy (born 30 March 1974 in Debrecen, Hungary) is a retired Hungarian footballerwho currently is goalkeeping coach of Ethnikos Achna FC.

</doc>
<doc id="9663455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663455" title="Cordis (medical)">
Cordis (medical)

Cordis Corporation has been developing and manufacturing diagnostic and interventional products to treat patients who suffer from coronary and peripheral vascular diseases. It was founded in 1959 in Miami, Florida. Cordis Corporation is a company of Johnson & Johnson. The corporate headquarters are located in Bridgewater Township, New Jersey. The EMEA headquarters are located in Diegem, Belgium.
History.
The Medical Development Corporation was founded in 1957 in Miami, Florida, by Dr. William P. Murphy Jr. and focused on interventional vascular medicine. In 1959 the company’s name changed to Cordis. Cordis joined the Johnson & Johnson interventional business called “Johnson & Johnson Intervention Systems (JJIS)” and forms Cordis Corporation in 1996. In 1997 Cordis Corporation expanded into the rapidly growing field of electrophysiology through the acquisition of Biosense Inc. One year later, in 1998, Biosense Inc. merged with Webster Laboratories to form Biosense Webster, Inc.
Headquarters.
Corporate Headquarters:<br>
Cordis Corporation<br>
430 Route 22 East<br>
Bridgewater, NJ 088071831, U.S.
Europe, Middle East and Africa Regional Headquarters:<br>
Cordis, a Division of Johnson & Johnson Medical N.V.<br>
Leonardo Da Vincilaan 15<br>
Diegem, Belgium

</doc>
<doc id="9663467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663467" title="Belgium Davis Cup team">
Belgium Davis Cup team

The Belgium Davis Cup team represents Belgium in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Royal Belgian Tennis Federation.
History.
Belgium competed in its first Davis Cup in 1904 where it achieved its best result to date, a final lost against British Isles.
In the Open era they reached the semifinals in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9663487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663487" title="New South Wales 421 class locomotive">
New South Wales 421 class locomotive

The 421 class are a class of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering, Granville for the New South Wales Government Railways in 1965/66. These mainline locomotives were a follow on from the 42 class. The 421s retained the classic bulldog nose as with the other Clyde built GM and S locomotives at one end, but featured a flat-cab at the other end. In this respect, they are unique amongst bulldog nose locomotives in the world.
History.
The 421 class initially entered service on the Main South before being transferred to Bathurst in 1970 to operate services on the Main Western between Lithgow and Broken Hill including the new Indian Pacific service. However due to their poor ride quality, they were returned to the Main South. During the early 1980s they were briefly used on through services to Melbourne.
All 10 were withdrawn from service in December 1986 and January 1987 and put in store at Junee Locomotive Depot, even though some had only recently been overhauled. In June 1989 two were moved to Cardiff Locomotive Workshops. One was resurrected from July 1989 until January 1990 before most were offered for sale in 1990.
Four locomotives were purchased by Northern Rivers Railroad. After undergoing some restoration work at Junee, in October 1996 they worked to their new base at Casino where the work was completed ready for the commencement of operations in October 1997. Northern Rivers Railroad used them to haul the "Ritz Rail" tourist rail service from Casino to Murwillumbah on the Murwillumbah railway line and various freight and infrastructure trains on the North Coast line as a sub-contractor to FreightCorp. Northern Rivers Railroad purchased 42106 from a private owner, and moved it from storage at the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum, Thirlmere to Casino in September 1998. All were included in the sale to Interail to QR National in March 2002, who regularly operated them as far south as Melbourne. Three were withdrawn and placed in store in January 2013 with one remaining in service.
Two have been preserved. In December 2009 42101 was transferred from the Goulburn Rail Heritage Centre to Eveleigh Railway Workshops for restoration by 3801 Limited. After being fitted with refurbished traction motors at Chullora Railway Workshops in October 2011, in March 2012 it returned to Eveleigh to be restored back to operational condition. In January 2011 42102 moved from storage on Kooragang Island to the Dorrigo Steam Railway & Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9663558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663558" title="TTV Family">
TTV Family

TTV Family () is a digital television channel operated by Taiwan Television (TTV) in Taiwan, it shares channel with TTV Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="9663563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663563" title="Alberta Bigagli">
Alberta Bigagli

Alberta Bigagli was born in Sesto Fiorentino in 1928. She is an Italian psychologist and poet. Her published works include the poetry collections "L'arca di Noè" (1986), "In mezzo al cerchio" (1989), "Diamanti" (1994), "Olindo del fuoco" (2001), and the prose collection "L’amore è altro" (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="9663574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663574" title="Lou Cutell">
Lou Cutell

Lou Cutell (born October 6, 1930) is an American movie and television actor. He portrayed the proctologist, Dr. Cooperman, in "The Fusilli Jerry" episode of the television series "Seinfeld" and Leo Funkhouser on "Curb Your Enthusiasm". Among cult movie fans, he is best known for his portrayal of Dr. Nadir in "Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster", and he can be briefly seen in "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" as Amazing Larry. In 1998, he also played a small role in "The Odd Couple II" as Abe, one of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau)'s card-playing friends in Sarasota, Florida. Recently, he was a series regular on the NBC show, "Betty White's Off Their Rockers".

</doc>
<doc id="9663577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663577" title="Ettelaat-e Banuvan">
Ettelaat-e Banuvan

Ettelā'āt-e Bānuvān () or Banovan was the first women's magazine published in Tehran. The magazine was published by Ettelaat during Mohammad Reza Pahlavi's rule.

</doc>
<doc id="9663592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663592" title="Mahé Drysdale">
Mahé Drysdale

Alexander Mahé Owens Drysdale, MNZM (born 19 November 1978 in Melbourne, Australia) is a New Zealand rower. Drysdale is the current Olympic champion and five-time World champion in the single sculls. The name Mahé comes from the largest island in the Seychelles. 
Drysdale attended Tauranga Boys' College in Tauranga, New Zealand, then the University of Auckland. He began rowing at university at the age of 18. He gave up rowing to concentrate on his studies, but began rowing again after watching fellow New Zealander Rob Waddell win gold at the 2000 Olympic Games.
Drysdale is a member of the West End Rowing Club in Avondale, Auckland, New Zealand and Tideway Scullers, London.
World Championships.
Drysdale began competing at World Cup level in 2002, in the New Zealand coxless four. After the 2004 Olympic Games, in which his New Zealand crew finished fifth in the final, Drysdale switched to the single scull, winning the 2005 World Championships at Gifu, Japan, despite having broken two vertebrae in a crash with a water skier earlier in the year. 
He successfully defended his title in 2006 at Dorney Lake, Eton, England, in 2007 at Munich, Germany, and again in 2009 in Poznan, Poland, holding off Britain's Alan Campbell and Czech Republic's Ondřej Synek. At the 2009 World Rowing Championships he also beat his own World Record in the single and reduced it to 6:33.35.
Olympic Games.
Drysdale was officially selected as New Zealand's Olympic heavyweight sculler for the Beijing Olympics on 7 March 2008. He was also chosen to carry the flag for New Zealand during the parade of nations in the opening ceremony. 
Unfortunately for Drysdale, a severe gastrointestinal infection in the week before his final saw him off form and he was only able to win the bronze medal in the men's single scull. The gold and silver medals went to Olaf Tufte from Norway and Ondřej Synek from the Czech Republic, respectively. Clearly suffering from his illness, after his race Drysdale was carried by life raft and then moved to a waiting ambulance. He was also seen vomiting. He was, however, able to stand to be awarded his medal. 
At the 2012 Summer Olympics Drysdale won the gold medal in the men's single sculls, despite throwing up the morning of race day due to nervousness. He has since said he may not compete at the next rowing world championships but will attempt to participate in the 2016 Summer Olympics, and in the meantime may take on new challenges such as ironman and New Zealand's annual Coast To Coast multisport event.
New Zealand national championships.
Drysdale won the gold medal six times in single sculls at the New Zealand National championships through 2010. In 2011, he won the silver medal in single sculls at the 2011 New Zealand National Rowing Championships at Lake Ruataniwha in Twizel, losing to Nathan Cohen by two lengths. He reclaimed the national title in 2012, as Cohen took second. He did not compete in 2013.
Awards.
Drysdale won the 2006 supreme Halberg award, the University of Auckland Young Alumnus of the Year Award in 2007, and was awarded Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to rowing in the New Years Honours 2009.
Drysdale won the Sportsground.co.nz Sportsman of the Year award in 2008.
Canoe Polo.
Drysdale has also represented New Zealand in Canoe Polo as a Junior. He represented NZ in an Under 18 team that toured to Fiji. Later he was a NZ Under 21 representative that toured to Tonga. In 1999 – 2000 he was Executive of NZ Canoe Polo.

</doc>
<doc id="9663594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663594" title="Belarus Davis Cup team">
Belarus Davis Cup team

The Belarus Davis Cup team represents Belarus in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Belarus Tennis Association.
In 2007, Belarus competed in the World Group for the 4th successive year. Until then it was the only team that never relegated from the World Group. However, Belarus lost in the 2007 Davis Cup World Group Play-offs against Peru and therefore was relegated from the World Group.
History.
Belarus competed in its first Davis Cup in 1994, but at least one Belarusian player (Sergei Leonyuk) had previously represented the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9663652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663652" title="TTV Finance">
TTV Finance

TTV Finance (, Pinyin: Tái shì cáijīng tái) is a digital television channel operated by Taiwan Television (TTV) in Taiwan, launched on September 1, 2004. Now TTV Finance shares channel with TTV Family.

</doc>
<doc id="9663656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663656" title="Shang Shang Typhoon">
Shang Shang Typhoon

In 1990 "Shang Shang Typhoon" signed with the Epic/Sony label, but more recently they have recorded on independent labels.
On 1 February 2013 at the official Shang Shang Typhoon website, the band announced an indefinite hiatus due to the health of band leader Kōryū.
Discography.
Video

</doc>
<doc id="9663658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663658" title="1990 480 km of Suzuka">
1990 480 km of Suzuka

The 1990 480 km of Suzuka was the opening round of the 1990 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Suzuka Circuit, Japan. It took place on April 8, 1990.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - #27 Obermaier Primagaz was disqualified for being underweight in post-race inspection.

</doc>
<doc id="9663667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663667" title="Attalea crassispatha">
Attalea crassispatha

Attalea crassispatha is a palm which is endemic to southwest Haiti. The most geographically isolated member of the genus, it is considered a critically endangered species and has been called one of the rarest palms in the Americas.
Description.
"Attalea crassispatha" has a single stem which grows up to tall. The stem is grey, up to in diameter, and can be columnar, or slightly swollen at the base of the middle of the stem. Individuals bear 15 to 19 pinnately compound leaves—leaves in which rows of leaflets emerge on either side of the axis of the leaf in a feather-like or fern-like pattern—with 127 to 165 pairs of leaflets. Leaves consist of a leaf sheath which wraps around the trunk, a rachis, from which the leaflets emerge, and a petiole, which connects the leaf sheath with the rachis. The leaf sheath is open (it does not wrap completely around the stem); when the leaf is shed, the leaf sheath detached cleanly from the stem. The sheath and petiole combined are long, while the rachis is long.
The inflorescences are born among the leaves. They are either predominantly male, or have a mixture of male and female flowers. The inflorescence consists of a main axis—the peduncle and the rachis—and a series of smaller branches, the rachillae. The rachillae, which bear the flowers, emerge from the rachis. The peduncle is the main stalk, connecting the rachis with the stem. The peduncle, the main stalk of the inflorescence, is no more than long and up to in diameter. The rachis is up to while the rachillae, which can number in the hundreds, reach a length of about . The fruit is reddish when ripe. The seeds, which are about long and in diameter are covered by a mesocarp and a endocarp.
Distribution.
Very little natural vegetation survives in Haiti. "Attalea crassispatha" is found in three anthropogenic habitats—field gardens, courtyard gardens, and shrub forest. Field gardens are typically a mixture of annual crops which are farmed for a few years and then converted to pasture. Courtyard gardens are cultivated with perennial crops, usually on more fertile soils. Shrub forests are small patches of secondary forest, often on dry stony areas which are least suitable for agriculture. Joel Timyan and Sameul Reep considered courtyard gardens to have the highest potential for survival and regeneration. At the other extreme, they found only one case of natural regeneration in a field garden.
Taxonomy.
"Attalea crassispatha" is the most isolated disjunct in the genus "Attalea". All the other species in the genus are Central or South American species; the only other species found in the insular Caribbean, "A. maripa" and "A. osmantha", are found in Trinidad and Tobago, at the extreme southern end of the Caribbean. Its small population size and extreme isolation from other members of the genus make "A. crassispatha" scientifically interesting. This isolation was supported by a molecular phylogeny of the group published in 2009. Alan Meerow and colleagues found "A. crassispatha" to belong to a clade that included the ""Scheelea" clade" and the two ""Orbignya" clades", but that it was a sister to both groups.
History.
Charles Plumier visited the island of Hispaniola in 1689 and published a description of the species in 1703. Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius used Plumier's notes and drawings to give the species a formal Linnaean description in 1884 placing it in the genus "Maximiliana". In 1929 Max Burret transferred the species to "Attalea". In 1939 O. F. Cook placed the species in a new genus, "Bornoa", named for Louis Borno, former President of Haiti. However, Cook did not validly publish it, making the name invalid. Liberty Hyde Bailey kept the species in the genus "Attalea". S. F. Glassman considered it close to the genus "Orbignya", but suggested that it may represent a new genus. Recent work has favoured maintaining all Attaleinae in a single genus, "Attalea".
Common names.
Common names for the species include "carossier", "carroussier", "côrossié", "petit coco", "kawosie", "ti koko", "kowos", "kokowos", "kolowosh" and "kowos etranjè".
Uses.
The seeds of "Attalea crassispatha" are edible; the flavour is reported to be similar to that of coconut, but it is richer in fats and denser. The nuts are also a good source of cooking oil. The bract is used as a bowl for feeding pigs. The leaves are used for thatch and weaving, but only when the more common fan palms "Sabal causiarum" and "Coccothrinax argentea" are unavailable. It is also used as a source of lumber and as a boundary marker between farmers' fields due to its longevity and ability to survive hurricanes.
Conservation.
"Attalea crassispatha" is considered a critically endangered species with an estimated population of 25 individuals in 1991. As a result of its small population size, "A. crassispatha" has been described as being one of the rarest palms in the Americas. Efforts are underway to conserve the species by planting seedlings both in Haiti and elsewhere; in 1991 seeds were distributed to botanic gardens in 12 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9663677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663677" title="Switzerland Davis Cup team">
Switzerland Davis Cup team

The Switzerland Davis Cup team represents Switzerland in the Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by Swiss Tennis.
In 2007, Switzerland competed in the World Group for the 13th consecutive year, the third longest ongoing streak, before being relegated after losing 3–2 against the Czech Republic.
Switzerland has never won the Davis Cup, but it finished as the runner-up in 1992.
History.
Switzerland competed in its first Davis Cup in the 1923. Switzerland was a quarterfinalist in 1998, 1999, 2001, and 2004. Switzerland was also a semifinalist in 2003. Switzerland's best performance was in 1992, when the team finished as the runner-up. The team was led by Marc Rosset and Jakob Hlasek, and it lost to a tough United States team consisting of Andre Agassi, Jim Courier, Pete Sampras, and John McEnroe. They beat the Swiss three matches to one.
Roger Federer tied Jakob Hlasek for most singles wins (34) in the 2014 Quarterfinals with his victory over Mikhail Kukushkin.

</doc>
<doc id="9663690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663690" title="Angus McLaren">
Angus McLaren

Angus McLaren (born 3 November 1988) is an Australian actor who is best known for his roles in the television series, "Packed To The Rafters" as Nathan Rafter and "" as Lewis McCartney.
Personal life.
McLaren was born in Wonthaggi, Victoria and grew up on a dairy farm near Leongatha. Angus is the drummer of the band "Rapids" and also plays bass guitar in the band "Bogey Lowensteins".
Acting career.
After appearing in a number of amateur productions for the Leongatha Lyric Theatre, as well as school productions, he made the leap to professional work with a recurring role on the ABC series "Something in the Air", when he was just 12 years old. Several further TV credits followed, including the children's series "Worst Best Friends", "The Saddle Club" and "Fergus McPhail", guest roles on "Blue Heelers", "Comedy Inc" and a recurring role on "Neighbours".
McLaren's first main cast role came in 2004 with the children's series "Silversun", which aired on both the Seven Network and the ABC. His feature film debut followed in 2005 with the low budget Melbourne feature "Court of Lonely Royals", directed by Rohan Michael Hoole. 2005 also saw McLaren work on "Last Man Standing", and achieve a solid footing on the advert voiceover circuit. In 2006, McLaren began working on the children's series "", appearing from series one through midseason of series three as the character Lewis McCartney. From 2008, he appeared in "Packed to the Rafters" in the role of Nathan Rafter.

</doc>
<doc id="9663728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663728" title="Paolo Guzzi">
Paolo Guzzi

Paolo Guzzi, born in 1940, is an Italian poet and critic. 

</doc>
<doc id="9663730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663730" title="Alvedansen">
Alvedansen

"Alvedansen" ("The elf dance") was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in Norwegian (in a Norwegian dialect called "bergensk") by Christine Guldbrandsen. This was the first time since the 1998 entry and the introduction of the "free language rule" that the Norwegian entry had not been performed entirely in English, although an English recording of the song was made two years later. The song was originally intended to be released on Guldbrandsen's third album, however her record company (and Norwegian television) persuaded her to enter it in the Melodi Grand Prix instead.
The song is a ballad, with Guldbrandsen taking the role of an elf and attempting to seduce her listener into joining her in a dance. At the contest itself, Guldbrandsen and her female backing singers all wore white dresses, with two also playing fiddles as accompaniment.
As Norway had finished the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in the top ten, the song was pre-qualified for the final. Here, it was performed fifth, following Latvia's Vocal Group Cosmos with "I Hear Your Heart" and preceding Spain's Las Ketchup with "Un Blodymary". At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 14th in a field of 24 and requiring Norway to qualify from the semifinal at the next contest.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2007 contest by Guri Schanke with "Ven a bailar conmigo".

</doc>
<doc id="9663747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663747" title="The Pine Hill Haints">
The Pine Hill Haints

The Pine Hill Haints are a traditional bluegrass/folk/honky tonk/country band from Alabama, though the band members themselves describe their unique southern roots music as “Alabama Ghost Music.”
The Haints are composed of Jamie Barrier on guitar and vocals, wife Katie “Kat” Barrier on washboard and mandolin, Matt Bakula on washtub bass and tenor banjo, and Ben Rhyne on snare drum.
Current lineup.
Former members.
Jon Lucious - accordion
Musical style.
The Pine Hill Haints perform music they consider to be “dead” in the modern world, hence their self-proclaimed “Ghost Music.” Some examples of the genres they perform include (but are not limited to) gospel, rockabilly, rock and roll, celtic music, blues music, and bluegrass. While their catalog of songs comprises mainly original material, the band has also been known to cover traditional gospel (Where The Soul Of Man Never Dies, Where The Roses Never Fade), cowboy (I Ride An Old Paint, Back In The Saddle Again), and folk (Goodnight Irene, Oh! Suzanna/Camptown Races) songs.
In addition to their live instruments, the band also utilizes a number of traditional American folk music instruments (such as a fiddle, harmonica, tenor banjo, mandolin, saw, and accordion) on their recordings. Occasionally, members of the Haints will swap instruments or abandon his or her primary instrument altogether, instead performing on one of the aforementioned instruments for a song or two. The band has several former members, and depending on how many happen to be present at a performance, surprise guest performers may accompany the Haints onstage. Such impromptu reunion performances are not completely unexpected at their shows.
See also.
This Bike Is A Pipe Bomb

</doc>
<doc id="9663779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663779" title="Czech Republic Davis Cup team">
Czech Republic Davis Cup team

The Czech Republic Davis Cup team represents the Czech Republic in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Czech Tennis Federation. The Czech team was started in 1993, following the Czechoslovakian break-up.
The Czech Republic won the Davis Cup in 1980, as Czechoslovakia and 2012, 2013 as Czech Republic in Prague and Belgrad respectively.
The team currently competes in the World Group. It has played in the World Group in all but one year since it was created in 1981, sharing this record with Sweden and United States, and holds the record for consecutive years in the World Group of 25 (1981–2005).
History.
The Czech Republic competed in its first Davis Cup in 1921, as Czechoslovakia.
Recent performances.
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1981, when the competition started being held in the current World Group format.

</doc>
<doc id="9663794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663794" title="TTV World">
TTV World

TTV World () is a television channel operated by Taiwan Television (TTV) in Taiwan, launched on 22 July 2005, but only broadcasts abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9663813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663813" title="KQXY-FM">
KQXY-FM

KQXY-FM (94.1 FM, "Q94") is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format. Licensed to Beaumont, Texas, it serves the Beaumont/Port Arthur metropolitan area. It first began broadcasting under the call sign KQXY. The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media.
Ratings and Popularity.
The Beaumont/Port Arthur Radio market is the #133 radio market in size according to the Arbitron rating service. As of Fall 2006, KQXY-FM was the 2nd highest rated station with a 9.3% share of the 15+ market, behind sister Urban station KTCX's 17.0% market share in the Beaumont / Port Arthur DMA.[http://ratings.radio-online.com/cgi-bin/$rol.exe/arb149]
History.
During the '70s and '80s, KQXY was "The Beautiful Q," the Golden Triangle's easy listening radio station. In the late 1980s, it moved toward mainstream adult contemporary as Y94, and during the 1990s, the station was known simply as 94.1 KQXY playing an "80s, 90s, and now" format before seguing to CHR direction in the early 2000s. By 2007, Q94 has returned to Hot AC direction, although the station still reports as a CHR to some radio industry trades. Just recently, Q94 began broadcasting online, as have other Cumulus owned radio stations.

</doc>
<doc id="9663817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663817" title="Romania Davis Cup team">
Romania Davis Cup team

The Romania Davis Cup team represents Romania in Davis Cup tennis competition, being governed by the Romanian Tennis Federation and currently competes in the 2011 Davis Cup World Group.
Romania has finished as runners-up three times. Alongside India and Argentina Romania has never won the Davis Cup despite playing three finals.
Current squad.
"Rankings as of January 27, 2014"
History.
Romania finished runner-up three times – in 1969, 1971 and 1972 – and lost to USA in the Final on each occasion. Only Romania, Argentina and India have contested more than one Final without being crowned champion. Its first appearance in the competition was back in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="9663869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663869" title="Austria Davis Cup team">
Austria Davis Cup team

The Austria Davis Cup team represents Austria in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by Tennis Austria. In 2010 Austria was re-promoted to the World Group after being relegated to the Europa/Africa Zone Group I only one year earlier. In 2012, Austria advanced to the World Group quarterfinals for the first time since 1995, eventually losing against Spain.
History.
Austria competed in its first Davis Cup in 1905.
The Austrian team achieved their best Davis Cup results in 1990, when they were at the brink of reaching the finals, playing the semifinals against the USA in Vienna with a team consisting of Thomas Muster, Horst Skoff and Alex Antonitsch. After Muster had won his singles against Michael Chang and Andre Agassi, the standing was 2:2 in matches and 2:2 in sets (after a 2:0 lead for Austria in the final single between Skoff and Chang), when the final, decisive set was postponed by a day due to darkness on Sep 23, 1990. This final set was won by Chang, so Austria lost the final match in 2:3 sets and the semifinals by a score of 2:3 matches.
Current squad.
"Rankings as of April 2, 2012"
Recent performances.
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1981, when the competition started being held in the current World Group format.

</doc>
<doc id="9663899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663899" title="Ungentle Exhumation">
Ungentle Exhumation

Ungentle Exhumation is the debut demo tape by the technical death metal band Cryptopsy. The demo was released in 1993, and re-released in 2002 as an MCD. Except "Back to the Worms", all tracks were re-recorded for the debut album "Blasphemy Made Flesh". "Back to the Worms" was re-recorded for "...And Then You'll Beg".

</doc>
<doc id="9663900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663900" title="Hinduism in Zimbabwe">
Hinduism in Zimbabwe

IRF 2006 reported that there are small number of Hindus in Zimbabwe.
Hindu Primary and Secondary schools are found in the major urban areas such as Harare and Bulawayo.
Hinduism in Zimbabwe.
Hindu Society is mainly concentrated in the capital city of Harare.
This community, representing all sects of Hinduism, has taken several initiatives to keep Hindu traditions alive so that future generations can live according to dharma.
Hindu Religious and Cultural Institute (HRCI) in Zimbabwe.
The Hindu Religious and Cultural Institute (HRCI) is dedicated in teaching Sanatana Dharma to children born into Hindu families of Zimbabwe, but non-Hindus can also study here.
Most Hindu families who live in Zimbabwe still have links with India. 
Gujarati language is taught in HRCI. 
HRCI also publishes books offering religious education for Hindus.
Hindu Associations in Zimbabwe.
GOANESE ASSOCIATION, P.O. Box 4432, HARARE, ZIMBABWE 
HINDU SOCIETY, HINDU SCHOOL, Anson Road Ridgeview 
HINDU SOCIETY, POB 140, BULAWAYO, ZIMBABWE 
HINDU SOCIETY, POB 39, MUTARE, ZIMBABWE 
TAMIL SANGAM, University of Zimbabwe, POB MP 167 Mount Pleasant, HARARE, ZIMBABWE
Brahma Kumaris in Zimbabwe.
Brahma Kumaris have three Centres in Zimbabwe
Centre-1, Main centre- Raja Yoga Centre, 23 Divine Road, Milton Park, Harare 
Centre 2- Raja Yoga Centre, 17 Heyman Road, Seventh Street, Suburbs, PO Box 140, Bulawayo
Centre- 3, Raja Yoga Centre,7 Shoppers Arcade, Vic Falls
ISKCON in Zimbabwe.
ISKCON has a Centre at Marondera.
Ramakrishna Vedanta Society in Zimbabwe.
Ramakrishna Vedanta Society has one Centre at 35, Rhodes Avenue, Belvedere, Harare, Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="9663907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663907" title="O'Neill World Cup of Surfing">
O'Neill World Cup of Surfing

The O'Neill World Cup of Surfing is a prestigious event in surfing held annually at Sunset Beach in Hawaii. The event attracts over a hundred elite surfers from around the world. It is the second event of the Triple Crown of Surfing. The first competition was held in 1975. Of the 22 surfers who have won the event, 7 went on to become world champions. Top performers of the event share a prize money of $135,000 along with points which go to the Triple Crown competition. Brazil's Raoni Monteiro, 28, became the first South American male in 20 years to win the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing at Sunset Beach for 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9663911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663911" title="Catherine Fox">
Catherine Fox

Catherine Mai-Lan Fox (born December 15, 1977) is an American swimmer who won two gold medals at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
She is of Vietnamese and European ethnicity. Her father, Thomas C. Fox (editor and former publisher of the National Catholic Reporter), worked in Vietnam for International Voluntary Services from 1966 to 1968, where he met Catherine's mother, To Kim Hoa, a social worker in Can Tho who married Mr. Fox and moved to the United States in 1972.
Fox grew up in Roeland Park, Kansas, attended high school at Bishop Miege and graduated from Stanford University, majoring in human biology and studio art.
Fox competed at the 1995 Pan American Games and was a member of the gold medal-winning 4x200 freestyle relay team. She made the U.S. Olympic team for the Atlanta Games as a freestyle swimmer, and was a member of two gold-winning relay teams: the 400-meter freestyle (where she swam in the final) and the 400-meter medley (where she swam freestyle in a preliminary heat). Fox won a gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle relay, and bronze medals in the 100-meter freestyle and 100-meter backstroke, at the 1997 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships.
At Stanford, Fox was a 21-time All-American in swimming, a 9-time NCAA champion, and set an American record in the 100-yard backstroke in 1999 with a time of 52.47 seconds.
In 2006, she was named to the Kansas Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9663941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663941" title="Shq1">
Shq1

Shq1p is a protein involved in the rRNA processing pathway. It was discovered by Pok Yang in the Chanfreau laboratory at UCLA. Depletion of Shq1p has led to decreased level of various H/ACA box snoRNAs (H/ACA box snoRNAs are responsible for pseuduridylation of pre-rRNA) and certain pre-rRNA intermediates.
Background.
During the synthesis of eukaryotic ribosomes, four mature ribosomal RNAs (the 5S, 5.8S, 18S, and 25S) must be synthesized. Three of these rRNAs (5.8S, 18S, and 25S) come from a single pre-rRNA known as the 35S. Although many of the intermediates in this rRNA processing pathway have been identified in the last thirty years, there are still a number of proteins involved in this process whose specific function is unknown.
Function.
Shq1, a protein thought to play a role in the stabilization and/or production of box H/ACA snoRNA, is still uncharacterized. It has been proposed that Shq1, along with Naf1p, is involved in the initial steps of the biogenesis of H/ACA box snoRNPs (box H/ACA snoRNAs form complexes with proteins, thereby forming snoRNPs) because of its association with certain snoRNP proteins during the snoRNP’s maturation, while showing very little association with the mature snoRNP complex. Despite the known involvement of Shq1 in H/ACA box snoRNP's production, the exact function of this protein in the overall rRNA processing pathway is still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9663957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9663957" title="Sultan Pur Noon">
Sultan Pur Noon

Sultan pur noon is a village situated in Bhalwal district Sargodha Punjab Pakistan .Sultan Pur Noon is inhabited by over 28,000 people. It is a self-sustained community, having schools, medical clinics, ironmongers, carpenters, traditional craftsmen in leather arts, clay arts, etc. The village is surrounded by citrus, Malta, Kinnoo, Oranges orchards. The date and Mango orchards are over a hundred years old.
It was settled in the nineteenth century by the people from different areas majority from Mitha TiwanaKhushab, to cultivate the lands. Sultan Pur Noon is one of the fifteen villages named after the elders of Noon family. 

</doc>
<doc id="9664000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664000" title="Amanda Baggs">
Amanda Baggs

Amanda Baggs (born 1980, California, United States) is an American autism rights activist. She reportedly does not speak and has been labeled as having "low-functioning" autism.
Early life and education.
A Campbell, California native, Baggs went to Center for Talented Youth summer programs as a child and, in the mid-1990s, was a student at Simon's Rock College in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
Activism.
In January 2007, Baggs posted a video on YouTube entitled "In My Language" describing her experiences as an autistic person, which became the subject of several articles on CNN. She also guest-blogged about her video on Anderson Cooper's blog and answered questions from the audience via email.
About Baggs, Sanjay Gupta said:
Personal life.
On Baggs' blogs, she writes about other disabilities that she says she has been diagnosed with, including bipolar disorder, dissociative disorder, psychotic disorder, schizophrenia and gastroparesis.
Baggs lives in a public housing project managed by the Burlington Housing Authority in Burlington, Vermont.
In June 2014, Amanda Baggs legally changed her name to Amelia Baggs and wants to be called "Mel."

</doc>
<doc id="9664030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664030" title="Michael Delano">
Michael Delano

Michael Delano (born 1940) is an American actor who portrayed Walsh, Terry Benedict's casino manager in the movie "Ocean's Eleven" and its sequel "Ocean's Twelve". He also portrayed Dr. Mark Dante in "General Hospital" (1976), Reverend Sung in "Soap" (1979) and he is known for his short role as Forrestal in the 1985 movie "Commando". Delano also appeared in "Rhoda".

</doc>
<doc id="9664035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664035" title="CORDIS">
CORDIS

CORDIS is the Community Research and Development Information Service, available at http://cordis.europa.eu
It is the European Commission's primary public repository and portal to disseminate information on all EU-funded research projects and their results in the broadest sense.
The website and repository include all public information held by the Commission (project factsheets, publishable reports and deliverables), editorial content to support communication and exploitation (news, events, success stories, magazines, multilingual "results in brief" for the broader public) and comprehensive links to external sources such as open access publications and websites.
Advisory services on conducting research using CORDIS is available at European Documentation Centres across the European Union.
Services and activities.
CORDIS offers access to a broad range of information and services on EU research, including:
The CORDIS website is available in six languages (English, French, German, Italian, Spanish and Polish), although much of the scientific content is only in English.
CORDIS content dates back to the origin of the service in 1990 and the website has been online since 1994, as the first website of the European institutions.
Organisation and legal basis.
CORDIS is managed by the Publications Office of the European Union, on behalf of the European Commission's research Directorates-General and Agencies.
CORDIS was created in 1990 following a Communication of the Commission for the implementation of an RTD information service (SEC(1988)1831).
The legal basis and financing of CORDIS derive from the work programmes of Horizon 2020 Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development.

</doc>
<doc id="9664051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664051" title="Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica">
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica

, also known as simply "Polyphonica", is an all-age Japanese visual novel created by Ocelot and first released on the PC on April 28, 2006. Aside from the game, multiple series of light novels have been created, and a manga adaptation started in March 2007. An anime adaptation started airing in Japan on April 3, 2007. Another anime adaption aired from April to June 2009, and was a prequel of the events in the first anime.
The original game, the Crimson series, will start its second installment, covering the third and fourth story. The Black and White "Polyphonica" series were adapted from a printed novel to visual novel media in spring 2007, respectively titled "Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica THE BLACK" and "Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica Memories White".
Plot.
In the continent of Polyphonica, spirits materialize in the world, surviving on the music that is played by humans, and live together with them. While the spirits don't appear often, some spirits have enough power to materialize in human or animal forms and live together with humans.
Dantists, who play special music called "Commandia," are widely respected in this world. They are usually in contract with powerful spirits. The story of Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica revolves around the new Dantist, Phoron Tatara, the spirit that he made contract with, Corticarte Apa Lagranges, and their friends, in their daily life and work. It also revolves around the feelings of the protagonist (Phoron Tatara) and his contract spirit (Corticarte Apa Lagranges)
In the anime, episode 1 to 10 explored the relationship between humans and spirits in the world of Polyphonica. This is shown either from Dantist like Phoron, or Dirrane. The last two episodes focus on the Commandia that connects both kind of creatures.
Characters.
Characters working in the Tsuge Divine Music Player Office include Phoron (the protagonist), Corticarte (his contract spirit), Prinesca and Perserte (the twins), Renbart (another co-worker), Eufinley (their boss), and Yardio (contracted to Eufinley).
Release history.
There are 5 Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica visual novels being released, with 3 different series.
Adaptations.
Light novel.
After the game, the "Polyphonica" series expanded into a light novel series. The stories are loosely connected in a shared universe setting. The novels are published by "GA Bunko", a division of "Softbank Creative". Currently, there are four series running, each uniquely identified with colors. The Black series happens in the same timeline as the Crimson series, which follows the main characters of the game. The White series appears to take place in the distant past.
Manga.
Written by Ichiro Sakaki and illustrated by Tomo Hirokawa, a manga series adaptation entitled began serialization as a web comic on March 2007 in FlexComix Blood. The series was picked up for an English release by CMX Manga, with the first volume slated for May 2010. Tomo Hirokawa designed a New Year's nengajō for 2008.
Additionally, the Black series was adapted into a manga series as a web comic and began serialization in December 2008 in Flex Comix Blood.
Anime.
T.O Entertainment adapted "Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica" into a twelve episode anime series directed by Junichi Watanabe and Masami Shimoda and written by Ichiro Sakaki. On February 6, 2007, one month after the first manga adaptation was announced, the anime adaptation was announced. Broadcast on TBS, the series premiered on April 3, 2007 and aired weekly until its conclusion on June 19, 2007. The music was composed by Hikaru Nanase. Two pieces of theme music were used for the anime. "Apocrypha" is performed by eufonius as the opening theme. is performed by kukui as the ending theme.
Diomedéa adapted the series into another season entitled "Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica Crimson S", directed by Toshimasa Suzuki and written by Ken'ichi Kanemaki, that is not a continuation of the first and will tie into Ichiro Sakaki and Noboru Kannatsuki's light novel adaptation of the same name. The official website was launched on November 11, 2008 and began streaming a promotional video on March 23, 2009 featuring the anime's opening theme but contained no actual anime footage. The series premiered on TVK and TVS on March 4, 2009 and is currently broadcasting weekly. The series was also broadcast on AT-X, Gifu Broadcasting, MBS, and Mie TV. The music is directed by Jin Aketagawa and composed by Magic Capsule. Two pieces of theme music were used for the anime. "Phosphorous" is performed by eufonius as the opening theme. is performed by Haruka Tomatsu as ending theme.
North American releases.
The "Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica" anime series was licensed for distribution in North America by Sentai Filmworks. A DVD collection of all 12 episodes, in Japanese language with English subtitles, titled "Polyphonica", was released on November 17, 2009. The second season prequel series "Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica Crimson S" was licensed for distribution in North America by Maiden Japan. A complete DVD collection titled "Polyphonica Crimson S", containing all 12 episodes, in Japanese language with English subtitles, was released on April 3, 2012. Both seasons of the anime series have been posted on the Anime Network website for online streaming.
Role-playing game.
A Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica RPG, published by GA Bunko, went on sale in Japan in August 2008. The game is designed by Takashi Osada and FarEast Amusement Research, and uses the Standard RPG System. The campaign setting is based mainly on Polyphonica Crimson series.
Music.
Theme song: "Crimson Calling" by Rita (Ep 1 & 2)
Insert song: "Song of Wave" by Yuiko (Ep 3&4)
Ending theme: "Crimson Reason" by Rita (Ep 3 & 4)
Theme song: "Hurting Heart" by fripSide
Theme song: by Eri Kitamura

</doc>
<doc id="9664081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664081" title="Jack DeLeon">
Jack DeLeon

Jack DeLeon (December 19, 1924 - October 16, 2006) was an American actor. He is best known for playing Marty Morrison on the television series "Barney Miller" from 1975 to 1982. His interment was at Mount Sinai Memorial Park in Simi Valley, California. He voiced Sergeant Samuel McPherson in the Dr. Seuss animated television special "Halloween Is Grinch Night".

</doc>
<doc id="9664088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664088" title="Taprogge">
Taprogge

Taprogge GmbH is a medium-sized company based in Wetter, Germany. The company is named after founding brothers Ludwig and Josef Taprogge. Founded in 1953, the company is known for its tube cleaning systems for steam turbine condensers, heat exchangers and debris filters for water-cooled shell and tube heat exchangers and condensers.
Invention of the tube cleaning system.
"Josef Taprogge" was a turbine engineer in a power plant nearby Essen and was responsible for the cleaning of the turbine condenser tubes. Cleaning had to be performed while the turbine was out of operation, with the power station not being able to supply any electrical energy to the grid during the turbine outage. On the other hand, the careful elimination of fouling from inside of the tubing is important for a high vacuum in the condenser and thereby for the optimal efficiency of the energy generation through water vapour.
To avoid economic losses caused by shutdowns, Josef Taprogge invented a continuously working cleaning system which kept the condenser free from fouling during the operation of the steam turbine. A prototype was installed into the cooling water pipe leading to the condenser. During the time of the German Wirtschaftswunder, the process which was marketed and further developed by Taprogge GmbH was widespread and very well received in the power stations due to its efficiency. The efficiency of the power stations that are equipped with the systems increases by around 2 – 4%. The cleaning process became well known and the name "Taprogge System" has been used in the technical literature.
In 2013 in Sofia fouling conference it was brought up that cleaning balls are not suitable for crystallization fouling like as calcium sulfate fouling system due to crashes on the surface of deposit. Crashes on surface of lower deposit layer make the rate of crystallization much faster to form the upper layer.
Tube cleaning systems.
The patented process uses sponge rubber balls which are injected into the cooling water flow (1) before it enters into the condenser. The diameter of the cleaning balls is only slightly bigger than the nominal diameter of the condenser tubing. Due to their elasticity they generate a contact pressure on their way through the condenser tubes by which fouling is removed from the inner tube walls. At the condenser outlet a strainer (2) is installed in the connecting pipe which separates the balls from the water flow and feeds them into a DN 80 pipe. From there the balls are pumped back to their starting point by a 4 kW impeller pump via a DN 80 pipe. To inject the balls into the cycle, a pressure vessel with detachable cover is installed downstream of the pump. This so-called collector (3b) is equipped with a screen and a flap. At open flap, the balls can pass and with closed flap they remain in the collector and can be replenished or exchanged. The process works continuously and the tubes remain free of mud, algae, bacteria and scaling. The operation of the system is monitored via sight glasses and electronic measuring instruments. The screen surfaces are arranged on shafts with pivoted bearings and can be turned on demand to have fouling removed by the water flow. In this process the balls are caught in the collector. This time-consuming procedure is automatized (3c), gear motors (M) operate the relevant actuators. The minal diameters of the screens have been adjusted to respond to the developments in power station technology and are produced in sizes from nominal diameter 150 mm to 3600 mm. The cleaning ball diameters range from 14 to 30 mm and filling one collector normally requires several hundred of them. However, some cleaning systems can require well over a thousand cleaning balls. The lifetime of the cleaning balls which are produced of biodegradable natural rubber is around 4 weeks.
A specialized technology is the production of tube cleaning systems for seawater desalination plants. As the heated seawater called brine has a particularly corrosive effect, excellent corrosion resistant yet heat conducting materials (like Titanium) have to be used for such systems. Due to the large tube diameters in the evaporators, the cleaning balls have diameters of up to 45 mm.
Debris filtration systems.
In the 1970s, the product range was extended by backwash filters to protect the heat exchangers and condensers from macro fouling, like stones, pieces of wood, fibres, plastic sheeting, and mussels. Foreign matter will first settle on the filter surface. As fouling builds up, differential pressure between filter inlet and outlet increases and the filter has to be cleaned by backwashing. For this purpose an electrically driven rotor covers the filter surface which is connected with a pipe leading outside. Installed in this pipe is a valve that is opened during the backwash process. The accumulated fouling is drawn off and discharged via the pipe which, downstream of the condenser, leads to the main cooling water pipe or a debris container. This technology was spread in power stations and industrial plants the world over. Depending on the flow rates to be filtered, the filters are produced in nominal diameters from 150 mm to DN 3200 mm. The filter surface consists of stainless steel with punched holes. For difficult types of debris, filter surfaces of plastic or grids can be used. A further type produced by the company are fine filters with filtration degrees from 50 to 1000 µm.
Water intake systems.
Since the late 1990s, Taprogge offers another filter system which retains fouling already at the intake into the cooling water system – in this way the entire system and the long cooling water pipes can be protected. The system called TAPIS (Taprogge Air Powered Intake System) is installed in the water at the cooling water pipe inlet in the form of a polyhedral housing with plain filter surfaces. It is cleaned by pressurized air blast. In contrast to submarine rakes for seaborne matter, the stainless steel filter has no moving parts and masters biggest water flows. The filter surfaces are made of coated plastic provided with drilled holes.

</doc>
<doc id="9664129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664129" title="Otto I, Margrave of Brandenburg">
Otto I, Margrave of Brandenburg

Otto I (c. 1128 – July 8, 1184) was the second Margrave of Brandenburg, from 1170 until his death.
Life.
Otto I was born into the House of Ascania as the eldest son of Albert I ("Albert the Bear"), who founded the Margraviate of Brandenburg in 1157, and his wife Sophie of Winzenburg. He had three sisters and six brothers, the best known of whom were Prince-Archbishop Siegfried of Bremen, and Count Bernhard of Anhalt, later Duke of Saxony.
Otto's year of birth is traditionally recorded as 1128, but recent historians have cast some doubts on the date. Pribislav of the Havolanes is known to have served as Otto's godfather and given the lands of Zauche bordering the Ascanian possessions as a gift upon the occasion; Partenheimer (2003) dates that event to 1123 or 1125.
Around 1148, Otto married Judith of the Piast dynasty, sister of the Dukes of Poland Boleslaw IV and Mieszko III. Arrangements for the marriage were agreed upon during the Wendic Crusade (one of the Northern Crusades) in a meeting of January 6, 1148, in which Archbishop Friedrich of Wettin participated besides Otto and the two Polish dukes. According to Partenheimer (2003), the marriage was contracted in connection with the Ascanian efforts to support the Piast dynasty in opposition to King Conrad, who supported Wladyslaw II as legal ruler of Poland. After Judith's death in 1175, Otto married Ada of Holland in 1176, daughter of Floris III, Count of Holland.
Otto had two sons from the first marriage, Otto and Heinrich, and a third son from the second marriage, Albert:
Otto was buried in the Lehnin Abbey, which he had helped build.
Margrave of Brandenburg.
Alongside his father (to 1170).
Otto governed from 1144 alongside his father Albert. He did not officially take the title Margrave of Brandenburg until his father's death in 1170, but as early as 1144 he is mentioned by that title along with Albert in a royal document, although Albert himself did not claim it until 1157. The father and son together shaped the House of Ascania's policy over several decades, together participating in meetings and decisions, and are both frequently mentioned in documents of the period. The pair were accompanied and supported in many cases by Otto's brothers, in particular the second-eldest, Hermann. Otto outlived his father, who lived to the then very old age of 70, by only 14 years.
Sole ruler (1170–1184).
The Margraviate of Brandenburg, which Otto finally took over from his father in 1170, did not at the time correspond to the later territory of Brandenburg. The old Margraviate was essentially only the eastern portion of Havelland and the Zauche. In the following 150 years under the Ascanians, it would expand to include many more regions, but during Otto's years as Margrave, his main goal was to stabilize and secure the Margraviate by intensifying settlement in the regions he controlled.
Lehnin Abbey.
Founding by Otto I.
In 1180, Otto founded the Lehnin Abbey in Zauche as the Margraviate's first monastery, in which he would be buried four years later. This Cistercian monastery became the House monastery and burial ground of the House of Ascania, and later also of the House of Hohenzollern. The first monks took up residence in 1183, coming from the Sittichenbach Abbey; construction of the church and cloisters began around 1190.
The monastery quickly developed into a wealthy abbey and strengthened the position of the Ascanians both by its great economic means and by the missionary work of its monks to the Slavs. By the time the monastery was secularized in 1542, it owned among other things 39 villages and the city of Werder.
Founding legend.
The abbey's founding legend is as follows. Otto fell asleep after an arduous hunt under an oak tree. In his dream, deer appeared which threatened to gore him with their antlers, and which he could not repel with his spear. In desperation Otto called Christ's name, whereupon the dream dissolved. When Otto related the strange dream to his companions, they interpreted the deer as a symbol for the pagan Slavs, and advised him to establish a monastery in honor of the Christian God to defend against paganism. Oak and deer as a result are on the Abbey's coat of arms.
Monument to Otto I in Berlin.
A monument to Otto was built by the sculptor Max Unger in 1898 on the former Siegesallee (Victory Avenue) in Tiergarten in Berlin, as part of the construction of a "boulevard of splendor" with monuments from the history of Brandenburg and Berlin (with the commissioning by Emperor William II). Under the direction of Reinhold Begas between 1895 and 1901, 27 sculptors created 32 sculptures of the rulers of Brandenburg and Prussia, each 2.75 m (9 ft) high. Each sculpture was flanked by two smaller busts of people who played an important role in the life of that ruler. In the case Otto I, the flanking busts were of his godfather Pribislav and the first Abbot of the Lehnin Abbey, Sibold, who according to legend was murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="9664142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664142" title="Giorgio DeLuca">
Giorgio DeLuca

Giorgio DeLuca is a founder of the gourmet grocery store Dean & DeLuca ("a landmark for culinary adventurers") with his partner Joel Dean. Before that, DeLuca owned a cheese shop on Prince Street in New York City which he opened in 1973, after a brief career teaching history in the city's public school system.
DeLuca is now the owner of the restaurant Giorgione on Spring Street in SoHo.

</doc>
<doc id="9664159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664159" title="Stefanie Clark">
Stefanie Clark

Stefanie Clark (born November 10, 1980 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island as Stefanie Richard) is a Canadian curler. She throws lead rocks for Meaghan Hughes. 
Clark was a member of Gaudet's junior team which represented Prince Edward Island from 1998 to 2001 inclusively at the Canadian Junior Curling Championships. Clark played third for the team. In 2001, the team won the Junior Championships and went on to win the gold medal at the World Junior Curling Championships as well. 
After juniors, Clark played lead for Rebecca Jean MacPhee. In 2006 she was reunited with Gaudet and the rest of their junior team, and they went on to win the provincial championships in 2007. In 2008 she won the Marj Mitchell Sportsmanship Award.
For the 2011/2012 season Clark joined up with four time PEI junior champion Meaghan Hughes. Tricia Affleck and Jackie Reid round up the team respectively at lead and second.

</doc>
<doc id="9664261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664261" title="Nothing Has Been Proved">
Nothing Has Been Proved

"Nothing Has Been Proved" is a song and a single release by British singer Dusty Springfield, produced by the Pet Shop Boys. The song was the second collaboration between Springfield and Pet Shop Boys, following their UK #2 and US #2 hit duet "What Have I Done to Deserve This?" in 1987. "Nothing Has Been Proved" prominently features an orchestral arrangement by Angelo Badalamenti and a soprano saxophone solo by Courtney Pine.
"Nothing Has Been Proved" was composed specifically for the 1989 film "Scandal", an account of the Profumo Affair, a famous British political scandal in 1963 which severely undermined confidence in the ruling Conservative Party government. The song is heard over the end credits of the film. The lyrics of the song describe the actual course of the events and mention the main characters involved; Mandy Rice-Davies, Christine Keeler and Stephen Ward. The song also includes the line ""Please Please Me's number one"", a reference to The Beatles' UK single released in January 1963 (which actually peaked at number two). "Nothing Has Been Proved", was later included as a track on Springfield's successful comeback album "Reputation", released in 1990.
"Nothing Has Been Proved" made #16 in the UK and led to further chart success for Springfield.
The original Pet Shop Boys demo recording of the track, with lead vocals by Neil Tennant, was included on the expanded re-issue of their 1988 album "Introspective" in 2001.
Music video.
The music video shows Springfield in the studio along with a Christine Keeler lookalike being interviewed with camera flash bulbs going off. Along with these come short reels from the film "Scandal" starring Joanne Whalley, John Hurt, Ian McKellen, Britt Ekland, and Bridget Fonda as well as original news footage from 1963. The Pet Shop Boys play journalists interviewing Christine.

</doc>
<doc id="9664265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664265" title="Andrew X. Pham">
Andrew X. Pham

Andrew X. Pham is an author.
Pham trained and graduated from the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) as an aerospace engineer. He worked at United Airlines as an aircraft engineer before switching career to become a writer while pursuing dual graduate degrees, M.B.A and M.S. in Aerospace Engineering, specializing in orbital debris. His sister's suicide was the catalyst in his pivotal life changing decision.
He writes and lives on the Thai-Laos border in a traditional wooden farm bungalow he built on the Mekong River. He teaches writing and occasionally lead bicycle tours in Thailand, Laos, and Cambodia. He is at work on a culinary project titled A Southeast Asian Love Affair: My Cookbook Diary of Travels, Flavors and Memories, a literary work that tells the stories of his life in Vietnam, Thailand, Laos, and Cambodia.
He is the author of  Catfish and Mandala: A Two-Wheeled Voyage Through the Landscape and Memory of Vietnam (1999)  and The Eaves of Heaven: A Life in Three Wars (2009). He is also the translator of Last Night I Dreamed of Peace (2008).
Catfish and Mandala won the 1999 Kiriyama Pacific Rim Book Prize,  QPB Nonfiction Prize, and the  Oregon Literature Prize. It was also a Guardian Shortlist Finalist, a New York Times Notable Book of the Year, a Barnes & Noble Discovery Book, a Border’s Original Voices Selection
The Eaves of Heaven was a National Book Critic Circle Finalist and an Asian Pacific American Librarian Association Honorary Book of the Year. It was also the Honor Book of the Asian/Pacific American Librarians Association and named as One of the Ten Best Books of the Year by Washington Post Book World, One of the Ten Best Books of the Year by Portland Oregonian, and One of the Los Angeles Times' Favorite Books of the Year.
One of the Best Books of the Year, Bookmarks Magazine
Andrew X. Pham also won a  Whiting Writer Award, a Montalvo-Lucas Fellowship, and a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship.
Extended Biography.
The younger years of Andrew Pham’s childhood were spent in Vietnam. He was born in Phan Thiet, a town renowned for its fish sauce. Before the Vietnam War, Andrew’s father worked double shifts as a school teacher. Andrew’s mother did laundry for her neighbors to earn extra money to support their struggling household. During the war between the North and the South, Andrew’s father earned money by working for the Nationalist army in the propaganda department, that is until he was captured by the Vietcong and forced to stay in the Minh Luong Prison reeducation camp for several grueling months. When he was released, Andrew’s father returned to his family and began to plan an escape to America. They chartered a boat to smuggle them across the border into Malaysia. And so Andrew, his mother and father, his aunt Dung, his older sister Chi, and his three younger brothers Huy, Tien, and Hien, boarded a thirty foot boat with a fishing crew that nearly fell apart beneath them on the open sea before they were rescued by an Indonesian freighter ship.
Andrew’s family stayed in a refugee facility called Jakarta in Indonesia for eighteen months. The First Baptist Church of Shreveport, Louisiana took the Pham family under their wing and loaned them airfares to America, found Andrew’s father work, and rented them one of the church properties. A few months after moving to America, word reached the family that Andrew’s opium addicted grandfather had died in Vietnam. The news was a heavy blow for Andrew’s father. Andrew’s mother delivered Kay, the sixth child of the family, shortly thereafter.
After nine months in Louisiana, the Pham family decided to move to California, so that they could be closer to Andrew’s father’s relatives. The only place they could afford was in a bad neighborhood in San Jose: Locke Drive. They regularly escaped the dangerous neighborhood by taking day trips to the beach. The children all had to deal with their father’s temper and old-world disciplinary methods. Thong, Andrew’s father, beat his children because it was the way he knew how to show love. However, one day Chi’s high school teacher saw bruises and Thong ended up being arrested for child abuse. Chi left her family, dropping the charges to her father, after escaping from her detention facility and wasn’t seen again until after her sex change operation. The Pham family let her fade into the background, and she became the family’s secret shame.
Andrew was a bit of a deviant in high school, and his friends were like him: alienated and in the minority. They got into fights with the other minority groups regularly. Andrew went to UCLA to study engineering after high school. When Chi came back to her family, she was a he, and went by the name Minh. After several months of listless behavior, Minh committed suicide. His tragic death was the catalyst for Andrew’s journey to Vietnam and self-discovery.
"Catfish and Mandala".
Andrew’s journey of self-discovery began in San Francisco, at the end of the Golden Gate bridge. Biking North along the coast, he met many other travelers. He learned the hard way that most bikers ride South, because of the grueling climbs into Oregon and Washington. He made his way through Portland, Oregon and ended the United States leg of his trip in Seattle, Washington.
After a three week stay and failing to find cheap steerage for a boat ride to Japan, Andrew caught a plane instead and landed in the Narita International Airport in Tokyo for a 45-day layover on his way to Vietnam. He marveled at the people in the Tokyo area as he made his way to the outskirts of Kyoto and back. Andrew uses his unique imagery to paint a picture of the state of pollution in metropolitan Japan: “Steamy runoffs from manufacturing plants crack the river white. The sun sets in apocalyptic colors as though the air itself is burning, turning the smog gold, the clouds molten, dangerous. Smokestacks poison the sky. The skyline of bridges and skyscrapers folds behind even more skylines of the same” (46). After suffering through a bad storm, Andrew departed for Ho Chi Minh City (formerly Saigon) in South Vietnam. So far he had biked over 2,357 miles.
On the plane ride into Ho Chi Minh city, Andrew talked with an older returning Vietnamese, who asked him if he had family to visit. The man was kind enough, but saw Andrew for what he was: “He pauses, eyeing me again, probably thinking I am one of those lost souls he’s heard about. America is full of young-old Vietnamese, uncentered, uncertain of their identity. The older generation calls them mat goch—lost roots” (63). Andrew’s bike is damaged in customs at the airport, but his distant relatives meet him at the gate and invite him into their modest home. “Twenty years have passed since I’ve seen Grandaunt Nguyen, my grandmother’s cousin-in-law. As a child, I used to play with her sons, whom I must call Uncle despite the fact that we are the same age. I have never written them, nor they me” (67). The brothers Viet, Hung, and Khuong in Saigon showed Andrew a good time during his stay, complete with dangerous motorcycle rides and cobra heart shots.
Andrew’s old home was converted into a community health clinic, and he reflected on being a stranger to his own homeland: “Too many things changed. Too much time passed. I’m different now, a man with a pocketful of unconnected but terribly vivid memories. I was looking to dredge up what I’d long forgotten. Most of all, I am wishing for something to fasten all these gems, maybe something to hold them in a continuity that I can comprehend” (98). His time in Saigon shifted more and more into a time of self-realization. He felt his memories of the more innocent Saigon in his childhood be torn away by the needy Saigon he faced upon return. “The bitter bile of finding a world I don’t remember colors my disconsolate reconciliation between my Saigon of Old and their muddy-grubby Saigon of Now” (102). He recounts one extremely emotional afternoon after giving money to a beggar child with a familiar face: “I stood rotten with doubts, more lost than I had ever been in my life. Why do I care for this persimmon-faced child? Is it simply because she bares a likeness to someone I once knew? Is that what it takes to remind me that I am Vietnamese? That I am human, capable of feeling the misery of another? If so, I am a worse bigot than those I despise, those who have hounded me in America” (108).
He spent nearly two months with his distant relatives in Saigon. After his experience there, Andrew rode north towards Hanoi, stopping in the sleepy town of Vung Tau. On the way out along Highway 1, it was made painfully clear just how most of Vietnam viewed people like Andrew: “I tell them I’m Vietnamese American. They shriek, ‘Viet-kieu!’ It sounds like a disease. The news travels down the procession and the excitement subsides. Half of the group peels away, losing interest since I am not a real foreigner” (125). He struck up a brief romance while in Vung Tau, but it quickly deteriorated once Andrew made it clear that he was not looking for marriage. Before heading to Hanoi, he decided that he needed to stop by Minh Luong Prison, where his father was kept in a Vietcong reeducation camp during the Vietnam War. On the way, he traveled in a family-owned bus, which took him on a side trip to Rach Gia and the Cu Chi Tunnels. When Andrew visited what used to be Minh Luong Prison, he found a village instead. His driver told him what Andrew often feared in his journey: “’Forget this place. Go see the world, … Everything has changed. Your roots have turned to dust. Nothing here to bind you’” (161).
With his sights set on Hanoi, Andrew returned north to Saigon and then back to Vung Tau. He first headed to Phan Thiet, the place of his birth. He recognized his childhood home with its various landmarks, but through a small history lesson learned from the woman who now lives in his grandmother’s old house, he is only reminded how painful a search for the past can be. “In this Vietnamese much, I am too American. Too refined, too removed from my que, my birth village. The sight of my roots repulses me. And this shames me deeply” (183). After a brief stint holed up with a stomach flu, Andrew rode on to Mui Ne where his family crossed the border during the Vietnam War. He remembered some aspects of that place, but as usual, time and an excess of people had changed it. Andrew was delayed at the Muong Man train station due to lack of funds, but eventually he hitchhiked on a cargo train with a swarthy bunch of men who at first distrusted him for being a viet-kieu, but gradually warmed to his personality.
At last Andrew arrived in Hanoi, the city of his father’s roots. There he explored the city area with local tourists, and even saw the exhibited body of Ho Chi Minh. Andrew expressed his respect for the man and his accomplishments: “For here was a man of inconsequential beginnings who crept through the land of the white man as a menial laborer and returned to wrestle his homeland from empires” (228). He took a scenic boat ride in Ninh Binh, a “mid-sized industrial town sixty miles south of Hanoi” (244), and along the way was attacked by cruelly playful children who pelted him with rocks and called him a Russian. “In America, I was a Jap, a Chink, a gook; in Vietnam, a Russian” (244). On his way to Ky Anh village, Andrew met a one-legged man riding a bicycle, who showed his hospitality by offering Andrew a place to sleep in his humble hut. During his visit with this man, Andrew learned the healing properties of a silver coin and found the answer to a question from an old acquaintance of his: “’Tell your friend Tyle. There is nothing to forgive. There is no hate in this land. No hate in my heart. I am a poor man, my home is a hut with a dirt floor, but he is welcome here. Come and I shall drink tea with him, welcome him like a brother’” (267).
Andrew took a couple side trips out of Hanoi to the former Imperial city of Hue and a smaller city called Hoi An, where he learned of the still-living delicacy called Gaping Fish, which is exactly as it sounds. He spent time with fellow travelers, enjoying their company over the locals for the time being. He pushed hard on his bike, fighting sickness, into Qui Nhon. He spent a hellish exhausted night in a hotel that was less than hygienic. “The day’s exhaustion falls on me like a boulder. The room is stale with mildew. I open the window shutters to let in some air, then go into the bathroom to mix a bath with the complimentary thermos of hot water. This makes about two gallons of tepid water. A rat pokes its head up the floor drain. I put a bucket over it” (305). His stay at the hotel was highlighted by a nearly crippling sickness, but a local pharmacy got him up and biking again. In Nha Trang Andrew reconnected with a man named Cuong, who changed his name to Calvin to sound more Western. Calvin’s confessions of feelings of inferiority as a nation left both Andrew and himself depressed, and suddenly Andrew’s journey took on a different purpose. “Phan Thiet, the town of my birth, the end of my journey, lies only a few hours’ ride away, but the marching drums that have driven me onward for a year now have abruptly quieted. An unexpected lull. The finish line seems unimportant, secondary, symbolic” (337).
He started his journey to find his roots, his essence, but instead Andrew Pham learned something else entirely: the human condition. His travels carved into him experiences and memories that altered his outlook on life, as living is prone to do. On the shore of a small town, no different from the hundreds of others in Vietnam, Andrew came to a brilliant conclusion: “For our truths change with time. There is nothing else. No mitigating circumstances and no power to undo the sins. No was. Only is. Between us, there is but a thin line of intention” (339). Andrew returned to the United States, but continues to travel. His journey is far from over.

</doc>
<doc id="9664267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664267" title="Duodenitis">
Duodenitis

Duodenitis is inflammation of the duodenum. It may persist acutely or chronically.
Causes.
Known causes of duodenitis include:
Symptoms.
Known symptoms of duodenitis include:
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is generally made by endoscopy and reviewing symptoms.
Treatment.
Treatment is aimed at removing the irritant or infection. "Helicobacter pylori" infection is usually treated with antibiotics.

</doc>
<doc id="9664277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664277" title="Misamis Institute of Technology">
Misamis Institute of Technology

Misamis Institute of Technology is a private, non-sectarian, co-educational institution of higher learning in Ozamiz City, Misamis Occidental, Philippines. It offers maritime courses such as Marine Transportation (Nautical), Marine Engineering; it also offers Engineering and Technology courses, and allied courses such as Commerce, Mass Communication, Computer Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9664290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664290" title="Damon Buffini">
Damon Buffini

Damon Buffini is an English businessman, who used to head the private equity company Permira.
Biography.
Born in Leicester in 1962, the son of an African American serviceman and a British woman, he was educated at the Gateway school in Leicester. Buffini graduated in law from St John's College, Cambridge University, and has an MBA from Harvard Business School.Out of a list of 100, Buffini topped the list as the most powerful black male in the Britain by "New Nation". He also ranked number three by the Times Power 100 for people who hold sway over British Business. Boasting power and influence, together with a personal fortune of between £100m and £200m. Buffini was appointed to then Prime Minister Gordon Brown's business advisory panel
Buffini worked for LEK Partnership, and under the firm's scholarship scheme undertook an MBA from Harvard Business School. On return to the UK he joined Imperial Group working as a management consultant, before being recruited by Jon Moulton (now head of rival firm Better Capital), in 1988 to join Schroders leveraged buyout team, known then as Schroder Ventures Europe.
Buffini became a partner in 1992, and promoted to Managing Partner of the UK business in 1999, and Managing Partner in 2000, just before he led a management buyout group and renamed the firm Permira. Buffini took home £3.2 million plus bonuses in 2004.
Buffini is also a non-executive board member of SVG Capital plc and chairman and co-founder of the Social Business Trust.
He is also a main board member of the Royal Shakespeare Company and a trustee of the Royal Anniversary Trust, which administers The Queen's Anniversary Prizes for Higher and Further Education.
In September 2012 Buffini was appointed to the Board of Governors at The Wellcome Trust.
Personal life.
Married to an ethnic Chinese solicitor Deborah, the couple have three children,Rhea,Theo,Claudia a family home in Weybridge and a city flat in Wandsworth. Buffini plays tennis and golf, football for a local amateur side, and supports Arsenal.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9664314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664314" title="Everybody Digs Bill Evans">
Everybody Digs Bill Evans

Everybody Digs Bill Evans is an album by jazz musician Bill Evans, released in early 1959 on the Riverside label.
History.
"Everybody Digs Bill Evans" was the artist's second album, done two years after his first record as a leader. Even though his producer tried to encourage him to record again sooner, the highly self-critical Evans felt he had "nothing new to say" before this album. 
The recording captures Evans at a time when he was into playing block chords. That combined with his expert use of pedals gave him a fresh, distinctive sound that had never been heard before on the piano.
It was reissued in 1987 with one bonus track.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Michael G. Nastos called the album "a landmark recording for the young pianist... Though not his very best effort overall, Evans garnered great attention, and rightfully so, from this important album of 1958." Samuel Chell of All About Jazz wrote "With its varied tempos, rhythms and programming, "Everybody Digs Bill Evans" sustains interest without allowing the listener for a moment to mistake the singular, inimitable voice of the leader. It's not hard to understand why many Evans followers, "casual" and otherwise, list it as their favorite of the pianist's recordings. It's doubtful there's a more introspective, meditative trio set on record, yet the pianist shows he can dance as well."

</doc>
<doc id="9664325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664325" title="Emily Gould">
Emily Gould

Emily Gould (born October 13, 1981) is an American author. She is the co-owner, with Ruth Curry, of the indie e-bookstore "Emily Books", and the former co-editor of Gawker.com. 
Early life.
Gould grew up in Silver Spring, Maryland and attended Kenyon College for two years before transferring to Eugene Lang College in New York City. Gould resides in Brooklyn, New York.
Career.
Gould began her blogging career as one-half of The Universal Review before starting her own blog, Emily Magazine, and writing for Gawker on a freelance basis. Before joining the Gawker staff, Gould was an associate editor at Disney's Hyperion imprint.
Gould, with Zareen Jaffery, is the co-author of the young adult novel "Hex Education", which was released by Penguin's Razorbill imprint in May 2007. She is also the author of a memoir, "And the Heart Says Whatever," published by Free Press in May 2010. Her novel, "Friendship", was published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux (2014).
Criticism.
On April 6, 2007, Emily Gould appeared on an episode of "Larry King Live" hosted by talk show host Jimmy Kimmel during a panel discussion entitled "Paparazzi: Do they go too far?" During the interview, Kimmel accused Gould of irresponsible journalism resulting from Gould's popular blog. Kimmel mentioned the possibility of assisting real stalkers, adding that Gould and her website could ultimately be responsible for someone's death. Kimmel continued to claim a lack of veracity in Gawker's published stories, and the potential for libel it presents. At the end of the exchange Gould stated that she didn't "think it was ok" for websites to publish false information, after which Kimmel said she should "check your website then."
On May 4, 2007, Gould wrote an article for the "New York Times" about the interview. An article she wrote about her experiences with Gawker.com was the "New York Times Magazine" cover story on May 25, 2008. In the article, she described how the negative response to her television appearance caused her to suffer panic attacks which led her to seek therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="9664352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664352" title="Prague 4">
Prague 4

Prague 4, formally the Prague 4 Municipal District ("Městská čast Praha 4"), is a second-tier municipality in Prague. The administrative district ("správní obvod") of the same name constists of municipal districts Prague 4 and Kunratice.
Prague 4 is located just south of Prague 2 and is the biggest municipality in Prague. Most of this district consists of large estates of panelaks. The district is also well connected to the motorway to Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="9664353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664353" title="Ruth (band)">
Ruth (band)

Ruth is a four-piece Christian indie band from Battle Ground, Washington. Ruth's debut album, "Secondhand Dreaming", was released June 26, 2007.
History.
Formation.
Dustin Ruth moved to Los Angeles in pursuit of finding band members to join him to form a band. After searching for some time, he finally found a group of people in his hometown of Portland, Oregon that also wanted to form a band. The band's name "Ruth" is a reference to the lead singer's last name, and is also an acronym for "Return Us to Him".
In early 2006, they released a self-titled EP and promoted their music by playing concerts along the West Coast of the United States. They were signed on by Tooth & Nail Records in fall 2006, and began recording their full-length debut album.
"Secondhand Dreaming".
In November 2006, they finished recording their debut album, "Secondhand Dreaming", with producer Aaron Sprinkle. It was subsequently released on June 26, 2007, and Ruth supported the album while on tour with label mates Emery and Surrogate. In late 2007, Ruth embarked on the "Appetite for Construction Tour" with Switchfoot and Relient K, a tour which supported the charity Habitat For Humanity.
"Anorak".
Following the release of "Secondhand Dreaming", the band began recording their second album "Anorak" in early 2008. They worked with Chris Keene of Surrogate as the album's producer, as well as Aaron Sprinkle again. The recording was completed in May 2008, and the album was released on October 28, 2008 in the United States.
"The Covers EP".
In April 2009, Ruth toured with Falling Up on their Fangs! tour.
On August 25, 2009, Ruth digitally released a five-song EP covering artists such as Coldplay, Tracy Chapman, Buddy Holly, Mr. Big, and the Everly Brothers. The first song to be released was the cover of Coldplay's "Fix You".
As of January 13, 2010, Ruth was no longer signed to Tooth & Nail. The band is still active, but is currently independent.
"Payola".
In November 2011, they released a video of a new song, "Life is Just a Dream".
This song was included in Ruth's album "Payola", released on March 6, 2012 in partnership with MTV.
Discography.
TV placements.
Happy Endings (ABC)
Fox Family Countdown (FOX)
Teen Mom 2 (MTV)
Punk'd (MTV)
10 on Top (MTV)
Friendzone (MTV)
Made (MTV)
The Real World: St. Thomas (MTV)
Underemployed (MTV)
I'm Married To A... (VH1)
My Big Redneck Vacation (CMT)
Sell This House Extreme (A&E)
KTLA (KTLA)

</doc>
<doc id="9664362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664362" title="Monteverdi (disambiguation)">
Monteverdi (disambiguation)

Monteverdi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9664375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664375" title="Patrick Forbes">
Patrick Forbes

Patrick Forbes (24 August 1564 – 28 March 1635) was a late 16th century and early 17th century Scottish churchman.
Life.
Born in 1564, he was the oldest son of Elizabeth Strachan and her husband William Forbes, laird of Corse. He attended the High School of Stirling, the University of Glasgow and then the University of St Andrews. At St Andrews, he came under the influence of the renowned theologian Andrew Melville. In 1598, Forbes's father died, leaving him his estate.
Forbes became religiously puritanical and an avid preacher, though he was reluctant to enter the ministry. George Gledstanes, Archbishop of St Andrews, ordered him to enter the ministry or stop preaching, and as a result Forbes confined his preaching to his own household. At the death of his friend John Chalmers, the minister of Keith, in 1611, the dying Chalmers requested Forbes to take control of the parish of Keith and continue his work there. So it was that in 1612, aged forty-eight, Forbes received his ordination into the ministry and became minister of Keith, in the diocese of Moray.
Forbes left a number of theological writings from this period, including "An Exquisite Commentarie upon the Revelation of Saint John" (1613) and "Short Discovery of the Adversarie" (1614). In the former, he was vehemently anti-Catholicism and argued that the Catholic Church had become corrupted by the greed of bishops even before the reign of the Emperor Constantine the Great, becoming irrecoverable during the papacy of Pope Boniface VIII. In the latter work, he moderated his views on episcopacy, but still declared bishoprics to be unnecessary institutions.
In January 1618, Forbes was given the crown nomination to succeed Alexander Forbes as Bishop of Aberdeen, after receiving an unsuccessful nomination two years previously. He was elected on 24 March, obtained royal provision on 8 April and received consecration of 17 May. Forbes was apparently initially reluctant to take up the position, but cited his obedience to the king's wishes. Taking up a bishopric necessarily meant that he encountered some hostility from the anti-episcopal presbyterians in the Church of Scotland, but Forbes was nevertheless well respected for his piety and theology.
His summer residnce was Tullynessle Tower in Tullynessle, Aberdeenshire. 
As Chancellor of the University of Aberdeen, Forbes was responsible for much reorganisation in the university, including reconstruction of the system for education and training future ministers. Forbes began to suffer from apoplexy and died on 28 March 1635. He was buried in Aberdeen Cathedral.
Family.
He married Lucretia Spens, daughter of David Spens of Wormiston and sister of James Spens, and by her fathered five children, one of whom was the noted theologian John Forbes.

</doc>
<doc id="9664399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664399" title="Lee Dixon (actor)">
Lee Dixon (actor)

Lee Dixon (January 22, 1914 – January 8, 1953) was an actor in 1930s and 1940s. He appeared in Hollywood musicals and other films, as well as on the Broadway stage.
Career.
Lee Dixon is best remembered for creating the role of Will Parker in the original Broadway production of the Rodgers & Hammerstein musical "Oklahoma!" In the summer of 1942, Dixon created the role of the Scarecrow, at The Municipal Opera Association of St. Louis, in the first ever stage production of "The Wizard of Oz" to use the songs from the 1939 MGM film. Evelyn Wyckoff played Dorothy Gale, Donald Burr played the Tin Man, Edmund Dorsey played the Cowardly Lion, Helen Raymond played the Wicked Witch of the West, Patricia Bowman played the Sorceress of the North, aka Glinda, and John Cherry played the Wizard of Oz.

</doc>
<doc id="9664432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664432" title="Ranjal">
Ranjal

Ranjal is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664438" title="Navipet">
Navipet

Navipet is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
The holy pilgrim place Basara is just 14 km from Navipet. The goddess Saraswati in Basara is known as Goddess of learning. Previously in Navipet there was a Video Parlour by name 'Ganga Video Parlour' which was the first video parlour (theatre). Later, it has been closed for its obsolete technology.
As this is near to Nizamabad town, ease of transportation from district headquarters round the clock helps it being a well-connected village. This village is spread on the both sides of Nizamabad-Basara road. The competition in all market domains is healthier... either it be grocery stores or educational institutions. State-of-the-art secondary education is taught at Sri Madhava VidyaNiketan High School, which was established three decades ago and going still strong.
One of the branches of Navata Road Transport is in Navipet. There is a huge competition among businesspeople here. Particularly there is a good competition in Tent houses in Navipet. The most renowned tent house here is 'Ganga Tent House'.
Navipet also borders the state of Maharastra. Triveni Sangam is just 10–12 km from Navipet.
In 1960s Navipet had a very good Volley Ball and Kabaddi Teams, which won laurels at District Level. Mahodaya Club used to conduct Tournaments in the fields of Kabaddi, Volley Ball and Ball Badminton. G Shanthi of that village twice represented Andhra Pradesh Girls Kabbaddi Team at National Level in the years 1975 and 1976.
There was a Cinema Hall in the village in 1960s & 1970s. During festival days, people from the nearby villages used to come to see movies on bullock carts. On Muslim festivals, Hindi movies were used to be screened.
The wrestling competitions on Holi and Ramanavami used to be special events. Large No of people from nearby villages and also Mahrashtra used to come to participate in the competitions. The team from Mahantham used to be very good to compete with wrestlers from Maharashtra.
There was Narrow gauge Railway track to Shakarnagar Sugar Factory. That track was meant only to carry sugar cane to the Factory. In those years of 1950 - 70, the area was lot more green with sugar cane fields.
There used to be large No of Vippa Trees and Mango gardens in the vicinity of the village. From the sweet flowers of those Vippa trees local liquor was brewed. The biggest Rice Mill in the entire area was located in Navipet. The canal was almost and always was full of water. Most of the village used to have drinking water from the Canal.
References.
Pothangal is one of the very famous near by Navipet. Agriculture in Pothagal has a long history dating back to ten thousand years. Today, Pothangal ranks top 10 in and around Nizamabad in farm output. Agriculture and allied sectors like forestry and logging accounted for 16.6% of the GDP in 2007, employed 60% of the total workforce and despite a steady decline of its share in the GDP, is still the largest economic sector and plays a significant role in the overall socio-economic development of Nizamabd.
There is one village nearby Navipet called "Mahantham"(మహ౦త౦). It is famous for "KOLATA". Once it got national prize for it. We can find real village features in this village such as lake beside village, animals,small huts, full of greenery. There are two big hills beside the village. There are no religious feelings in this village. All are innocent people. Every child goes to school besides school children help their parents in agricultural field works. It is 2 km from Navipet and 18 km from Nizamabad (district headquarters). We can call it a hamlet. There is no church in this village but there is one temple of "Hanauman". Students from this village are pursuing higher education in famous Universities like 
Osmanaia University, EFL-University (The English and Foreign Languages University), Kakathiya University.
References.
Fatahnagar is one of the famous villages near Navipet. In 2009 Fatahnagar village awarded with Dr. Abdul Kalam President of India for clean and green village in A.P.
References.
The Police Station Navipet was shifted to new Police Station building on 11.10.1997 on Dasara Day. The PS was constructed with the funds of Navipet mandal under Janmabhumi Programme. It is very spacious building. There is a compound wall around the police station.

</doc>
<doc id="9664445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664445" title="Nandipet">
Nandipet

Nandipet is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. 
Nandipet is around 25 km from Nizamabad. Palugugutta(Navasiddula Gutta) is a famous place in Nandipet mandal. There are 28 village panchayats in this mandal. Some of villages such as Donkeshwer, Nikalpoor, Annaram are coasted by the river Godavari which flows within Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh states.
And also this is the developed mandal in Nizamabad District, and every Monday there is a big market, this Market is a biggest market in District. Tumeric is grown there
References.
(Vileg)Noothpally
(Madile) Nandipet
(Dist) Nizamabad
Post Box No 503212
(Andhra Pradesh)India

</doc>
<doc id="9664453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664453" title="Balkonda">
Balkonda

Balkonda is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
Notable Persons.
Argul Rajaram is well known personality and champion of Backward Class community. It is not exaggerate to quote here he was “Father of Nizamabad District” and well known personality not only in A.P .H worked as home minister and died supecious in road accident other wise he will become CM.
Geography.
Balkonda is located at . Also known as Allakonda, the mandal of Balkonda contains 
36 villages. Mendora, Kissannagar, Pochampad, Kothapally, Mupkal, Bussapur, Elkatur,Chittapur, Jalalpur, Renjarlla, and Vannel-B are the major villages in the mandal. Very ancient ShivaLingam is there in RajarajeshvaraSwami temple in Kothapally village and big Uthsav(jathara) conducted for every Maha Shivaratri festival and this village is also famous for 'Kabaddi' game in district.
And Goddess SRI NIMISHAMBA DEVI temple located at Nakash Galli. She is very powerful goddess. Devi Navaratri Utsav conducted grandly during Dassera festival by devoties. This temple was built by Nakhash cast group. At present MR. BR. NARSING RAO is a president of temple committee.
The Sriram Sagar Project reservoir was established by Jawaharlal Nehru on the Godavari river at Pochampad, and has 42 gates and a water depth of . Identities of Nizam army camps are found on the hills of Balkonda. It is an assembly constituency in combination with the mandals of Velpur, Morthad, and Kammarpally. The main water sources for cultivation in this mandal are Kakatiya and Lakshmi canals, bore wells, agricultural wells and lakes. Farmers in Balkonda mainly cultivate rice, turmeric (pasupu), corne (mokka jonna), pearl millet (sajja), and ground nuts. Armur and Nirmal are the nearest towns to Balkonda. Present Balkonda MLA MR. Vemula Prashanth Reddy was elected in the 2014 general elections from the Telngana Rastra Samiti party.

</doc>
<doc id="9664459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664459" title="Mortad">
Mortad

Mortad is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Mortad is a Mandal in Nizamabad District of Andhra Pradesh State, India. Mortad Mandal Head Quarters is Morthad town . It belongs to Telangana region . Telanagana is currently in the process of becoming a separate state. Mortad Mandal will be part of Telangana State. It is located 49 KM towards East from District head quarters Nizamabad. 185 KM from State capital Hyderabad towards north.
Mortad Mandal is bounded by by Kammarapalle Mandal towards East , Velpur Mandal towards west , Bheemgal Mandal towards South , Balkonda Mandal towards north-west . Armoor, Metpally, Koratla, Nirmal, Nizamabad, Jagtial are the nearby Cities to Mortad. 
Geography.
♦ Coordinates- 18°82′N 78°48′E Coordinates: 18°82′N 78°48′E
♦ Country- India
♦ State- Telangana
♦ District- Nizamabad
♦ Population- 12,000 approximate as of 2011
♦ Time zone- IST (UTC+05:30)
♦ Elevation- 330 meters (1085 ft)
♦ Postal Code- 503225
♦ STD Code- 08463
"List Of Villages in Mortad"
Mortad consist of 19 Villages and 18 Panchayats as follows:
Battapur, Dharmora, Domchanda, Donkal, Donpal, Gandlapet, Gurmmirial, Morthad, Palem, Rammannapet, Shetpally, Sunket, Tadpakal, Thalla Rampur, Thimmapur, Thorthy, Wadiat, Yergatla
♦ Donpal is the smallest Village and Mortad is the biggest Village.
Demographics.
♦ Total population of Mortad Mandal is 56,376 living in 13,119 Houses, Spread across total 19 villages and 18 panchayats . Males are 27,410 and Females are 28,966
♦ Total population of Mortad town is 11965. Males are 5,842 and Females are 6,123 with 2693 living Houses.
♦ Total area of Mortad has been spread about in 2324 hectares.
♦ Telugu is the Local Language here.
Weather and Climate of Mortad Mandal.
It is too Hot in summer. Mortad summer highest day temperature is in between 34 °C to 44 °C . 
Average temperatures of January is 25 °C , February is 27 °C , March is 31 °C , April is 34 °C , May is 37 °C
For live Mortad weather updates click here
References.
2. Mortad Weather updates

</doc>
<doc id="9664460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664460" title="Gary Dubin">
Gary Dubin

Gary Dubin (born May 5, 1959) is an actor who portrayed Punky Lazaar, a friend of Danny's on "The Partridge Family". He also voiced Toulouse (Kitten) in "The Aristocats" in 1970 and played part of ill-fated teenager Eddie Marchand who was eaten by the shark in "Jaws 2". Dubin played a runaway boy on Green Acres in 1968.
He has also acted in many other projects. Most recently he finished filming Rock Barnes: The Emperor in You.
Filmography.
1968 Green Acres- Home Is Where You Run Away From"

</doc>
<doc id="9664464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664464" title="Kammar palle">
Kammar palle

Kammarpally is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Villages:
This mandal consists of following villages: Hasakothur, Basheerabad, Chout pally, Vadyat.

</doc>
<doc id="9664470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664470" title="Bheemgal">
Bheemgal

Bheemgal is a town and a Mandal in the Nizamabad district, in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India, 39.65 km from the main city of the District, Nizamabad and 141 km from the State Capital Hyderabad.
About the town.
Bheemgal is a large agricultural village and it is a temple town and the abode of Lord Sri Nimbadri Laxmi Narasimha Swami. Villages in the locality of Bheemgal are Babapoor, Badabheemgal, Bejjora, Puranipet, and Mothe. Towns near Bheemgal are Velpur, Mortad, and Kammarapalle. The main temple of the lord is located on the hill called Nimbachalam, locally called as "Limbadri Gutta". The word "Nimbachalam" is derived from a combination of two Sanskrit words "Nimba" and "Achalam" where "Nimba" means "Neem tree" and "Achalam" means "hill". Another tale says that the hill was completely covered with 'Neem' trees, hence it got its name as Nimbachalam. There are two rivers called as 'Chintamani' and 'Viraja' that flow in this region. It is said that Lord Vishnu asked the two river Goddesses- 'Chintamani' and 'Viraja' to take the shape of lake and hence they are considered more sacred. Chinatmani is at the foot of the hill on which the temple stands while Viraja flows seven kilometres away from the hill shrine. River Viraja is just 2 km away from Bheemgal. This river has a mythological significance that Nandi (the mount of Lord Shiva) performed penance here to get himself revealed from the curse of Bhrugu Maharshi (Bhrugu Maharshi cursed Nandi to turn into an animal forever when he did not allow him to enter Kailasham). Hence the bank of the river where he performed penance came to be known as "Nandi Tataka".
Some other prominent temples here are that of Lord Shiva as Parama Shiva, Lord Hanuman's (called here as Ayodhya Anjaneya) temple at the banks of Chintamani river, Lord Ganesha and Kalabhairavam. It is said that Lord Kalabhairava is the guardian of all the wealth of Nimbachalam. Most of the devotees visit this place and seek his blessings.
Demographics.
Total population of Bheemgal Mandal is 57,262 living in 12,239 Houses, Spread across total 24 villages and 18 panchayats. Males are 27,924 and Females are 29,338.
History.
Nimbachalam has been a Tapobhoomi, the land of penance, where the Gods and great sages have performed penance to get themselves revealed from their sins. Lord Brahma, after cursed by Lord Siva for having unholy glance at the feet of Goddess Parvathi, performed penance over here to get rid of his sin. Lord Shiva also performed penance here for He committed the sin of killing Lord Brahma (Brahma hatya Pataka). Lord Shiva had to take the form of "Jodulingalu" (Pair of Lingam) on the hill on the order of Sri Narasimha Swami. It is also said that Dharmapala, the king of Kambhoja province, took a holy dip in the Chintamani Lake, which flows on the western side of the Nimbachala hill. He performed tapasya for thirty thousand years to get the divine glance of Lord Sri Narasimha Swami. Even the well-known king Raja Harishchandra, known for speaking truth always, did penance there to get rid of non-righteous act of selling his wife and got relieved of his wrongdoing.

</doc>
<doc id="9664471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664471" title="Ratnadeep Adivrekar">
Ratnadeep Adivrekar

Ratnadeep Gopal Adivrerkar (born November 13, 1974, Mumbai) is a contemporary artist from India. He has had several important solo exhibitions including one at NUS Museum, Singapore, Galerie Sylvia Bernhardt, Germany and Pavillon du Centanarie/Arcelor Mittal, Luxembourg. In 2013, Ratnadeep exhibited at the prestigious Deutsche Oper Berlin a series of works titled 'The Golden Ear- A Tribute to Wagner', based on German Composer Richard Wagner and mainly his epic opera "Der Ring des Nibelungen" (Ring of Nibelungs). The work revolves around Ratnadeep's philosophical interpretation with connection to especially to Indo-Global mythological context with contemporary times. He has participated in many group exhibitions like Pictures of Asia, Larasati, Singapore, ‘Indian contemporary art’, Chelsea Art College, U.K., Uneo Royal Museum, Japan, Ao~rta Project, BBK Kunst Forum, Düsseldorf and Ausstellungshalle Innenhafen, Duisburg, Germany. He has received a number of awards and scholarships. Ratnadeep lives and works in Mumbai, India and Berlin, Germany.
Early life and education.
Ratnadeep Adivrekar was born in 1974 in Mumbai, India. He is the son of artist Gopal S. Adivrekar. He received his BFA in painting with first class in 1997 from the Sir J. J. School of Art in Mumbai.
About Work.
Ratnadeep Gopal Adivrekar is an artist whose work defies easy definitions, having experimented with a wide range of styles and subject matter, bringing together metaphors from contradictory or unpredicted sources, both historical and contemporary, by using diverse materials and techniques. In fact Ratnadeep’s artistic multiplicity, and his resistance to any form of categorization, can be seen as the consistent theme in his work. The parts of painting have naturalist approximate based on photographic documentations. When a photograph is painted on canvas, the sense of realness in the images are complicated, while they may retain a high degree of verisimilitude, the loss of its mechanical tie to a specific situation. While our eyes perceive these paintings as photography, conceptually we know they are individual interpretations. Ratnadeep has rejected mechanical processes, preferring to explore the visual effects of mechanical technology by hand. Ratnadeep’s paintings have usually used techniques which are both time-consuming and physically demanding. Buried within this elaborate surface sometimes are sheets of manipulated expressive color drips transparent enough and mark making, bringing out the rawness of improvisation. His work refers directly to the enigma of metamorphosis and his imagery whispers to the subconscious coaxing it to the surface. Making us aware of Ratnadeep’s beliefs, the richness of his symbolism but yet mysterious eluding the logically understandable things and the depth of his ambitions - which combine to make new resonances.1
Quotes.
"My process of working is based on elective creative process. To built my art out of public spheres has been focal point of my work. Memoirs of the unreal city is about the city which is fast growing and overpowering forms catalyst in my work. The images of teeming vastness of the city at one point are crude and banal destined to fade and themselves destined to fade and disintegrate in to obscurity..."- "Ratnadeep Gopal Adivrekar"
Work.
Ratnadeep’s desire to see everything at once is apparent in many of his paintings, perhaps most overtly in the overlay of one image on top of others, as if it were possible not just to see through a particular image but to hold them both in a sort of suspension. In these superimposed, suspended and translucent images the structure of narratives is overt. Each of the images is both there and not-there, as the eye is drawn from one to the other. Ratnadeep's works invite the spectator to consider. His task is to reintroduce their significance into a tension with form - but without allowing the images he uses to fall into utter nostalgia. His work is to help the spectator re-evaluate the power of the static image, its ability to make reference to our histories and its power to reinvoke our thoughts and our participation through small acts of attention.
6"From catalogue "Proverbial In(ter)ventions 2009""

</doc>
<doc id="9664472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664472" title="Velpur">
Velpur

Velpoor is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
Vailpoor is a Mandal in Nizamabad District of
TELANGANA State, India. Vailpoor Mandal
Head Quarters is Vailpoor town . It belongs to
Telangana region . 
Vailpoor Mandal will be part of Telangana State.
It is located 38 KM towards East from District
head quarters Nizamabad. 179 KM from State
capital Hyderabad towards South .
Velpoor Mandal is bounded by by Mortad
Mandal towards East , Bheemgal Mandal
towards South , Armoor Mandal towards west ,
Jakranpalle Mandal towards west . Korutla
City , Nizamabad City , Nirmal City ,
Kamareddy City are the nearby Cities to
Velpoor.
Velpoor consist of 19 Villages and 16
Panchayats . Sahebpet is the smallest Village
and Velpoor is the biggest Village . It is in the
424 m elevation..
Heading text.
Medak , Bidar , Sirpur , Hyderabad , Warangal
are the near by Important tourist
destinations to see.

</doc>
<doc id="9664474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664474" title="Jakranpalle">
Jakranpalle

""'
Jakranpally is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664476" title="Makloor">
Makloor

Makloor is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is 10 km from Nizamabad.

</doc>
<doc id="9664478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664478" title="Yedapally">
Yedapally

Yeda pally is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.The village major source of income is agriculture.The main crops are Paddy,Sugarcane,groundnut.
Its name is derived actually from Edu(English seven) pallelu(English villages). Edupallelu gradually became yedapalli.

</doc>
<doc id="9664481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664481" title="Kotgiri">
Kotgiri

Kotagiri is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
The village was formed in the 18th century, and it has a good history apart from Nizam. The mutual understanding between the families is moving in good weather. The main source of this country is paddy field and soya beans. The backbone of the village is farmer, here the main source of the paddy fields are Nizam Sagar and underground water.
Kotagiri is a mandal in Nizamabad District of Andhra Pradesh State, India. Kotgiri Mandal Headquarters is Kotagiri town. It belongs to Telangana region. It is 35 km to the west of district headquarters Nizamabad, and 175 km from state capital Hyderabad to the south. 
Kotagiri consists of 56 villages and 24 panchayats. Lingampalle is the smallest village and Kotagiri is the biggest village. It is at 375 m elevation (altitude).

</doc>
<doc id="9664483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664483" title="Frontogenesis">
Frontogenesis

Frontogenesis is a meteorological process of tightening of horizontal temperature gradients to produce fronts. In the end, two types of fronts form: cold fronts and warm fronts. A cold front is a narrow line where temperature decreases rapidly. A warm front is a narrow line of warmer temperatures and essentially where much of the precipitation occurs. Frontogenesis occurs as a result of a developing baroclinic wave. According to Hoskins & Bretherton (1972, p. 11), there are eight mechanisms that influence temperature gradients: horizontal deformation, horizontal shearing, vertical deformation, differential vertical motion, latent heat release, surface friction, turbulence and mixing, and radiation. Semigeostrophic frontogenesis theory focuses on the role of horizontal deformation and shear.
Kinematics.
Horizontal deformation in mid-latitude cyclones concentrates temperature gradients—cold air from the north and warm air from the south. Horizontal shear has two effects on an air parcel; it tends to rotate the parcel (think of placing a wheel at a point in space and as the wind blows, the wheel rotates) and deform the parcel through stretching and shrinking. In the end, this can also tighten temperature gradient, but most importantly, this rotates a concentrated temperature gradient for example, from the x-axis to the y direction. Within a mid-latitude cyclone, these two key features play an essential role in frontogenesis. On the west side of a typical mid-latitude cyclone, there are northerly winds (associated with cold air) and east of the cyclone, southerly winds (associated with warm air); resulting in horizontal shear deformation. In the end, this results to concentrate a cyclonic shear along a line of maximum shear (which in this case is the birth of a cold front). On the eastern side of a cyclone, horizontal deformation is seen which turns into confluence (a result of translation + deformation). Horizontal deformation at low levels is an important mechanism for the development of both cold and warm fronts (Holton, 2004).
Elements of Frontogenesis.
The horizontal shear and horizontal deformation direct to concentrate the pole-equator temperature gradient over a large synoptic scale (1000 km). The quasi-geostrophic equations fail in the dynamics of frontogenesis because this weather phenomenon is of smaller scale compared to the Rossby radius; so semigeostrophic theory is used. Generally, Rossby number—ratio of inertial to coriolis terms—is used to formulate a condition of geostrophic flow. Across the front, the Rossby number is on the order of udu/dx/fv = (10 m/s)^2/(1000 km)/(1e-4 s-1)/(1 m/s) = 1; this shows we cannot ignore the inertial term (one must take into account the ageostrophic wind). Along the front, the Rossby number is on the order of udv/dx/fu = (10 m/s)/(1000 km)*(1e-4 s-1)*(10 m/s) = 0.01, which means it is in geostrophic and thermal wind balance. Finally, looking at a cross section (y-z) through the confluent flow, using Q-vectors (Q pointing toward upward motion), on the warm side (bottom of confluent schematic), there is upward motion and on the other hand, the cold side (top of confluent schematic), there is downward motion.The cross-section points out convergence (arrows pointing towards each other) associated with tightening of horizontal temperature gradient. Conversely, divergence is noticed (arrows point away from each other), associated with stretching horizontal temperature gradient. Since the strength of the ageostrophic flow is proportional to temperature gradient, the ageostrophic tightening tendencies grow rapidly after the initial geostrophic intensification.
Development of the Frontogenetical Circulation.
During frontogenesis, the temperature gradient tightens and as a result, the thermal wind becomes imbalanced. To maintain balance, the geostrophic wind aloft and below adjust, such that regions of divergence/convergence form. Mass continuity would require a vertical transport of air along the cold front where there is divergence (lowered pressure). Although this circulation is described by a series of processes, they are actually occurring at the same time, observable along the front as a thermally direct circulation. There are several factors that influence the final shape and tilt of the circulation around the front, ultimately determining the type and location of clouds and precipitation.
3-Dimensional Equation.
The three-dimensional form of the frontogenesis equation is
where each dimension begins with a diabatic term; in the formula_2 direction
formula_3
in the formula_4 direction
formula_5
and in the formula_6 direction
formula_7.
The equation also includes horizontal and vertical deformation terms; in the formula_2 direction 
formula_9
and in the formula_4 direction
formula_11
and in the vertical formula_6 direction
formula_13.
The final terms are the tilting term and the vertical divergence term; the tilting term is represented in the three-dimensional frontogenesis equation in the formula_2 and formula_4 directions
formula_16 
formula_17 
and the vertical divergence term is present as 
formula_18
References.
1. Holton, J. R. (2004). An introduction to dynamic meteorology. (4 ed., Vol. 88, pp. 269–276). San Diego, CA: Academic Press.
2. Hoskins, B. J., & Bretherton, F. P. (1972). Atmospheric frontogenesis models: Mathematical formulation and solution. J. Atmos. Sci., 29, 11-13.
3. Martin, J. E. (2006). Mid-latitude atmospheric dynamics. (1 ed., pp. 189–194). England: Wiley.

</doc>
<doc id="9664485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664485" title="Madnur">
Madnur

Madnur or Madnoor is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
Geography.
Madnur or madnoor is located at . It has an average elevation of 374 meters (1230 feet). This village is the Administrative Headquarters for Madnur mandal of Nizamabad district of Telangana state. Madnur is located on state highway 104 Hydrabad to Nagpur. This state route links it to Maharastra. The village is situated at 3 km from Maharastra border and 18 km from Karnataka boarder. The nearest district in Maharashtra state is NANDED which is at a distance of 80 km from Madnur. The famous SRI HANUMAN TEMPLE (mandir) is located 2 km distance at MIRZAPUR on state road which temple founded by SWAMY SAMARTHA RAMADAS GURU OF RAJA CHATRAPATI SHIVAJI MAHARAJ.
There are 42 villages in Madnur Mandal listed as below-
1. ANTAPUR
2. AWALGAON
3. CHINNA EKLARA
4. CHINNA SHAKKERGA
5. CHINNA THADUGUR
6. CHINNAPUR
7. DHANNUR
8. DHOTI
9. DONGLI
10. ELEGAON
11. ENBHURA
12. GOJEGAON
13. HAJIPUR
14. HASSA TAKLI
15. KEROOR
16. KHARG
17. KOTCHIRA
18. KURLA
19. LACHAN
20. LACHMAPUR
21. LIMBOOR
22. MADNUR
23. MAHALSAPUR
24. MAHDAN HIPPARGA
25. MAINUR
26. MALLAPUR
27. MAREPALLE
28. MOGHA
29. PEDDA EKLARA
30. PEDDA SHAKKERGA
31. PEDDA TAKLI
32. PEDDA THADGUR
33. RACHOOR
34. RUSEGAON
35. SALABATHPUR
36. SHEKHAPUR
37. SIRPUR
38. SOMOOR
39. SONALA
40. SULTANPET
41. THADI HIPPERGA
42. WADI FATHEPUR
The Balaji mandir of rajasthani samaj is about 135 years old there is an old sri krishna jhoola (palana) 103 years old which consists of 135 small wood species attractievely carved.
details dhirender biyani

</doc>
<doc id="9664488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664488" title="Jukkal">
Jukkal

Jukkal is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Demographics.
Telugu is the main local language here. Apart from Telugu, Kannada, Marathi and Hyderabadi Urdu-Hindi is also spoken by a minor section of population. Total population of Jukkal Mandal is 45,168 living in 8,250 houses, spread across total 43 villages and 22 panchayats. Males are 23,076 and females are 22,092.
About Jukkal Mandal.
Jukkal is a mandal in Nizamabad District of Andhra Pradesh State, India. Jukkal Mandal headquarters is Jukkal village. It belongs to Telangana region. It is 71 km to the west of district headquarters Nizamabad, and 165 km from the state capital, Hyderabad, to the South. 
Jukkal Mandal is bounded by Bichkunda Mandal to the east, Kangti Mandal to the south, Madnur Mandal to the north, Deglur Taluka (Maharashtra) to the north. Bodhan, Mukhed, Bidar City, Udgir City are the nearby prominent localities. 
Jukkal consist of 43 villages and 22 panchayats. Mailar is the smallest village and Jukkal is the biggest village. It is at 375 m elevation (altitude). This place is in the border of the Nizamabad District and Medak District. Medak District Kangti is south of this place. Following are main villages in the Jukkal Mandal:
Bidar, Medak, Gulbarga, Hyderabad, Nanded, Hingoli are the nearby important tourist destinations to see.

</doc>
<doc id="9664491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664491" title="TOMNET">
TOMNET

The TOMNET optimization Environment is a platform for solving applied optimization problems in Microsoft .NET. It makes it possible to use solvers like SNOPT, MINOS and CPLEX with one single model formulation. The solvers handle everything from linear programming and integer programming to global optimization.

</doc>
<doc id="9664493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664493" title="Bichkunda">
Bichkunda

Bichkunda or Bichkonda is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Bichkunda is located at . It has an average elevation of 372 meters (1223 feet). Bichkunda is a mandal headquarters located in the district of Nizamabad, Andhra Pradesh with over 25000 population. This town is known for its diversified culture because of its location neighbouring the borders of two states Maharashtra and karnataka. Bichkunda serves as a source for all business,medical and educational needs of the neighbouring villages. This town benefits from a government school, and higher education benefiting many students from in and around the town. It has seen major development in the recent years in the field of real estates with drastic rise in the prices of land in and around the town.
Bichkunda means it is four side hills middle village that's its called Bich(middle)konda (hills). It has a Shiva linga temple.

</doc>
<doc id="9664496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664496" title="Birkoor">
Birkoor

Birkoor is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It has a population of 47,647 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9664498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664498" title="Dichpalle">
Dichpalle

Dichpalle is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664500" title="Dhar palle">
Dhar palle

Dhar palle is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664504" title="Sirkonda">
Sirkonda

Sirkonda is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664506" title="Machareddy">
Machareddy

Machareddy is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664509" title="Sadasivanagar">
Sadasivanagar

Sadasivanagar is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664513" title="Banswada">
Banswada

Banswada is a town and a mandal in the Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Banswada is the fifth biggest town in the district of Nizamabad. The Manjeera River flows in 3 km west of Banswada.
History.
The name is derived from the ancient name, Mahisawada ("the ancient Indian epic, The Mahabarata. Part of the story takes place in Mahishapuram").
it is also known that the name Banswada was derived from word BASAVANAMU which means MOGILOPULA Thota( Pandanus plantation)by cutting pandanus plantation a village was built due to which the village was named as basawada i.e. Banswada
Notable Persons.
Sri Taduri Bala Goud is well known personality and champion of Backward Class community. It is not exaggerate to quote here he was “Father of Nizamabad District” and well known personality not only in A.P and other states like Karnataka, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. He was former Minister and Member of Legislative Assembly and twice a Member of the Parliament in 8th & 9th Lok Sabha.
He has sacrificed his entire life for the sake of congress party and particularly downtrodden people of A.P State. Presently Sri Pocharam Srinivas Reddy former Minster during TDP regime,now playing a leading roll in TRS is in limelight.
Geography.
Banswada is located at . It has an average elevation of 371 meters (1220 feet).
Transportation.
Banswada is situated on Hyderabad-Bodhan State Highway No. 6. The town is 168 km east of Karimnagar; 50 km west of Degloor (Maharastra); 68 km north of Basara; 50 km north of Nizamabad; and 167 km south of Hyderabad, the state capital of Andhra Pradesh. There is no train service to Banswada. The nearest railway stations are at Nizamabad, Bodhan and Kamareddy. Nearby towns are Nizamabad,Kamareddy,Medak,Bodhan.
Bus services.
The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) operates bus services from Banswada to Adilabad, Hanumakonda, Hyderabad (MGBS), Kakinada and Warangal.
Banswada has an APSRTC depot, which opened on 6 March 1993.
Air services.
The nearest international airport 
is 180 km away, at Hyderabad Shamshabad.
is 130 km away at Nanded Maharashta
Nearby domestic airports include:
Colleges and schools.
Printing Presses:
Likith Ditial Printers & Rubbers Stamps/9951836123
Hanuman Printers, 9490511578
Ramanjaneya Printers
Gayathri printers
Omshiva screen printers
Jai bhavani printers
Assembly constituency.
Banswada is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh. Pocharam Srinivas Reddy from the Trs was elected in the 2011 Assembly Elections as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA), resigned for the cause of Separate State of Telangana and joined the Telangana Rashtra Samithi party on 25 March 2011. The Election Commission has re-conducted bypoll elections. This time Pocharam Srinivas Reddy has won the elections from the Telangana Rashtra Samithi party with a huge majority of nearly 50,000 votes on October 17, 2011.
Radio service.
There is one FM radio station serving Banswada.
Health services.
There is one area hospital under Andhra Pradesh Vaidya Vidhana Parishad in Nizamabad district. The area hospital serves the people around Banswada, Varni, Bichkunda, Madnoor, Birkur, Gandhari, Pitlam, Nizamsagar mandals in Nizamabad district. The superintendent of the Hospital is Srinivas Prasad pediatrician, followed by the other doctors Dr. Babu Shine and social activist cum director of hospital Lion Shivdayal verma jaiswal.
Emergency services.
There is one fire station in Banswada town. The emergency 108 service (Rajiv arogya sri) is around in Banswada.
Festivals and holidays.
Many festivals and other important occasions are celebrated in Banswada, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9664516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664516" title="Pitlam">
Pitlam

Pitlam is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geograpahy.
Pitlam is a developing town located at . It has an average elevation of 423 meters (1391 feet).
Its great village in nizamabad of Bodha Division and one of the famous bone setting place in Nizamabad Dist
It is a place which is very nearer to Maharashtra state which is about 40 km away from Pitlam village. A national highway No.13 connects Hyderabad and Nanded (of Maharashtra) via Pitlam town.
A famous village named Nizamsagar where the power generation will be carried is very nearer to the village. This place named Nizamsagar was ruled by the Nizams and under the control of British a water dam was built which now survives the human life.
Loka Narayana and his brother Loka Laxmaiah,Konda Narayana, Uppu Laxmaiah, Ganga Nagaiah, Kummari Laxmareddy are freedom fighters in this village.
It comes under the constituency of Jukkal.

</doc>
<doc id="9664517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664517" title="Yellareddy">
Yellareddy

Yellareddy is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is an important village in Southern Nizamabad area, and it serves as a major location for education and healthcare for the surrounding villages.
Yellaredy's infrastructure consists of two cinema halls (namely Lakshmi and Priya) and a petrol bunk on Banswada-hyderabad high way.
Healthcare.
The Government Hospital of Yellareddy is one of the primary medical facilities available in the area and serves more than 20-30 surrounding villages. There are also private hospitals including Jeevadhan.
Education.
Yellareddy has a number of primary and secondary education institutions. It also has a junior college which has been the only place for college education in the surrounding area for a long period of time. A Government Degree college has been established there, servicing Yellareddy, Lingampet, Nizamsagar and Nagareddy-pet. ITI has also been sanctioned here, but some vaste leaders did not try to construct the building, so now it continues in Nizamabad district headquarters. Some private institutions have also been established, including Sai Chaitanya Model School. Yellareddy also has computer coaching institutions.
Economy.
The main source of income in the region is agriculture. The main crops in Yellareddy and surrounding areas are rice paddy and sugarcane.
Notable Persons.
Sri Taduri Bala Goud is well known personality and champion of Backward Class community. It is not exaggerate to quote here he was “Father of Nizamabad District” and well known personality not only in A.P and other states like Karnataka, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. He was former Minister and Member of Legislative Assembly and twice a Member of the Parliament in 8th & 9th Lok Sabha.
He has sacrificed his entire life for the sake of congress party and particularly downtrodden people of Andhra Pradesh
Mandals falls under Yellareddy Constituency.
Constituency consists of SIX Mandals 

</doc>
<doc id="9664522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664522" title="Lingampet">
Lingampet

Lingampet is a panchayat village and a mandal in Nizamabad District in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Lingampet is located east of the south-flowing Allair River, a tributary of the Manjira River. Lingampet has an average elevation of 470 meters (1545 feet).
Mandal villages.
Lingampet Mandal has sixteen panchayat villages each one of which manages one or more villages. The panchayat villages are:
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census Lingampet Mandal had 48,961 inhabitants, 23,847 males and 25,114 females, all of them rural.

</doc>
<doc id="9664523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664523" title="Tadwai">
Tadwai

Tadwai is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India, located between Kamareddy and Nijamsagar. Some of the villages of the mandal are 23 villages Endriyal, Yerrapahad, Nandiwada, Chityal, Santaipet, Annaram, Argonda, Kondapur, Gundaram, Yellareddypalli, Baswannapalli, Vankayapalli, Somaram, Jangaldemi, Krishnajiwadi, Dewaipalli, Brimhajiwadi, Chandapur, Sangojiwadi, Kalojiwadi, Bhramanapalli, Demikalan, Kankal, Karadpalli, Tadwai and Abdulanagar.
Tadwai is home to the Sri Sadguru Shri Shabari Mathaji Ashram. Every year, several Lakhs devotes gather here to celebrate Rama Navami and Datta Jayanthi. It is a spiritual center of the Telangana region and also Central India. People from various parts of the world visit this ashram throughout the year.
The main occupation for many people is agriculture. Sugarcane, Paddy and corn are the primary crops. Farmers here are considered to be very good at Jaggery preparation.
Tourist attractions in the Mandal include

</doc>
<doc id="9664527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664527" title="Bhiknur">
Bhiknur

Bhiknur is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9664530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664530" title="Domakonda">
Domakonda

Domakonda is a village in the Nizamabad district in Telangana, India. It is also a subdivision (Mandal) of India.
Domakonda is located about 40 kilometers South East of Nizamabad and 100 kilometers from the city of Hyderabad. It is a historical site in the Telangana region. Other villages in Domakonda Mandal are Ambaripet, Anchanoor, Beebipet, Chitamanpally, Domakonda, Gottumukla, and Janagama. Other villages that fall under the same pin code include Anchanoor, Domakonda, Muthyampet, Chillarpuri, and Kathipalem.
Forts and Temples.
Domakonda is a sub-district known for its forts and temples. The best known temples are Sai Baba Temple and Shiva Temple. 
Sai Baba Temple.
The Sai Baba temple was built by Shri Paskanti Balayya and was opened on 13 February, 1992.
Shiva Temple.
The Shiva temple was built by the Kakatiya kings. The temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva and is built in the Kakatiyan style of architecture. The temple stands on a three-foot platform with a beautifully carved Nandi (the bull serves as a "mount" (Sanskrit: "Vahana") of Lord Shiva) outside the temple in an open area. Unlike other temples, there is no flag mast in front of it because it doesn't have a gopuram (temple tower).
Very recently, the stone temple was completely disassembled and restored. The temple has a large shiva lingam, considered an embodiment of Lord Shiva, with its guarding presence by the Nandi (Bull). The lingam was carved from a single stone. The temple is elevated from ground level by many rock beds beneath it. The temple roof stands on eighteen carved stone pillars.
Domakonda Fort.
The Domakonda Fort stands as a magnificent example of the defensive architecture of its period. The fort was constructed 400 years ago by Kamineni Vamsam. It blends Muslim and Hindu architecture. The arched gateway of the entrance is a great example of the Asaf Jaahi style of architecture. The fort has a number of tall, round, and square fortresses running all over its compound walls. There are two palaces and a temple complex inside the fort.
Nearby Villages.
The distance to nearby villages are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9664543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664543" title="Frontolysis">
Frontolysis

Frontolysis - in meteorology, is the dissipation or weakening of an atmospheric front.
In contrary to areas of "Frontogenesis", the areas where air masses diverge are called areas of frontolysis. Siberia and Canada are examples of areas of frontolysis

</doc>
<doc id="9664551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664551" title="Amorphism">
Amorphism

An Amorphism, in chemistry, crystallography and, by extension, to other areas of the natural sciences is a substance or feature that lacks an ordered form. In the specific case of crystallography, an amorphic material is one that lacks long range (significant) crystalline order at the molecular level. In the history of chemistry, "amorphism" was recognised even before the discovery of the nature of the exact atomic crystalline lattice structure. The concept of amorphism can also be found in the fields of art, biology, archaeology and philosophy as a characterisation of objects without form, or with random or unstructured form.

</doc>
<doc id="9664593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664593" title="List of California State University, Fullerton people">
List of California State University, Fullerton people

The following is a list of people associated with California State University, Fullerton.

</doc>
<doc id="9664624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664624" title="Carlos Echevarría">
Carlos Echevarría

Carlos Echevarría is a film and television actor, producer, and writer.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9664631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664631" title="Kien Nguyen">
Kien Nguyen

Kien Nguyen (), born in Nha Trang, South Vietnam, 1967, is an author. Kien was born to a Vietnamese mother from a once wealthy family and an American civil engineer. His mother's family, who had lost their wealth when the French left Vietnam, lived among neighbors who treated them as pariahs because of their colonialist background. Kien, a child of mixed race, was especially ostracized from the community. He left Vietnam in 1985 through the United Nations "Orderly Departure Program." After spending time at a refugee camp in the Philippines, he arrived in the United States and became a dentist. He lives in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9664644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664644" title="Wooden Octopus Skull Experimental Musick PFestival">
Wooden Octopus Skull Experimental Musick PFestival

The Wooden Octopus Skull Experimental Musick PFestival is a noise and experimental music festival held annually, on the second weekend of Septemter, in Seattle, WA. It is primarily sponsored by Enterruption and Psychform Records.
2005.
The first festival was held in 2005. It was widely assumed to be the continuation of the Seattle Noise Festival; however, the PFestival was a completely separate entity with no relation whatsoever to SNF.
Each day of Wooden Octopus Skull was held in a different venue.
2006.
For 2006, the festival was held in a single location, The Conjuring Room, and the afternoon shows were eliminated. The first two nights were organized as themed mini-festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="9664662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664662" title="Bad Reputation (Joan Jett album)">
Bad Reputation (Joan Jett album)

Bad Reputation is the debut solo album by Joan Jett, originally self-released in 1980 as Joan Jett after her previous band The Runaways disbanded, then re-issued on Boardwalk Records in 1981 as "Bad Reputation".
Background.
Recorded before Jett formed The Blackhearts, the majority of the album features Jett backed by members of the Roll-Ups, with Lea Hart on guitar, Jeff Peters on bass and Paul Simmons on drums. Other tracks include well known musicians, such as the Sex Pistols' Steve Jones and Paul Cook, Blondie's Clem Burke and Frank Infante.
After independently recording the album with producer Kenny Laguna, Jett took the record to a number of major record labels, all of which were uninterested in releasing the project. Rather than continue to hunt for a willing label, Laguna and Jett decided to fund the pressing of the album themselves. The original, self-released, version of the album was simply titled "Joan Jett" and was sold directly to concert-goers and record stores out of Laguna's trunk.
The album sold relatively well, prompting its re-release a year later as "Bad Reputation" on Boardwalk Records, with identical tracklisting. Jett said that the new title referred to the bad reputation that she had as a former member of the Runaways.
When the album's European rights were secured through Ariola Records, "Hanky Panky" replaced "Wooly Bully" as the final song on Side 2. When the record was issued through Boardwalk in the US under the title "Bad Reputation", the label stuck with "Wooly Bully" as the final track, making the "Hanky Panky" import version a real collector's item. However, the song was later included as a bonus track on CD re-releases.
"Rolling Stone" magazine named the album No. 36 on their '50 Coolest Albums of all Time' List in 2005.
The original Australian release featured a completely different cover and "Hanky Panky" replaced "Shout". "Do You Wanna Touch Me" was also a huge hit in Australia when it was released hot on the heels of "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" and "Crimson and Clover" from Jett's 1982 album.
In 1999, the album was again re-issued, this time on CD with several bonus tracks and a remastered version of the original album.

</doc>
<doc id="9664699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664699" title="Chrysler (disambiguation)">
Chrysler (disambiguation)

Chrysler is the name of a major American automobile manufacturer.
Chrysler may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9664713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664713" title="Ōmachi">
Ōmachi

Ōmachi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9664767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664767" title="Dreamlords">
Dreamlords

Dreamlords is a MMOG massively multiplayer real-time strategy (MMORTS) game, developed by Lockpick Entertainment. "Dreamlords" is online only, and is free to play with an option to pay for additional benefit. It includes in-game currency called "Tribute" that is used to buy items like spells to aid the players.
The game uses both a browser game and a downloadable real-time strategy client. "Dreamlords" also includes elements of role-playing video games.
"Dreamlords" was acquired for North American release in July 2008 by Aeria Games and Entertainment. A German version of the game was published by gamigo in July 2007. The game was re-launched in July 2008 with new features and the new sub-title "The Re-Awakening". Dreamlords The Re-Awakening closed on November 2, 2010 to make way for beta testing and the release of Dreamlords the Resurrection.
Dreamlords the Resurrection ran until September 28, 2011 when it was closed down.
Gameplay.
In the web-based game, players are given a section of land under their control. Tasks such as founding cities, researching technologies, building structures, and engaging in trade are accomplished through the web interface.
With a downloaded client, the "Dreamlords" client functions similar to a real-time strategy game. The client is used primarily to fight battles and do quests.

</doc>
<doc id="9664786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664786" title="Humberto Ak'ab'al">
Humberto Ak'ab'al

Humberto Ak'ab'al also Ak'abal or Akabal (born 1952 Momostenango, Totonicapán department) is a K'iche' Maya poet from Guatemala. His poetry has been published in French, English, Estonian, Scots, German, Arabic and Italian translations, as well as in the original K'iche' and Spanish. His book "Guardián de la caída de agua" (or "Guardian of the Waterfall" in English) was named book of the year by Association of Guatemalan Journalists and received their Golden Quetzal award in 1993. In 1995 he received an honorary degree from the Department of Humanities of the Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala. In 2004 he declined to receive the Guatemala National Prize in Literature because it is named for Miguel Ángel Asturias, whom Ak'ab'al accused of encouraging racism. He said Asturias' 1923 essay "The Social Problem of the Indian", "Offends the indigenous peoples of Guatemala, of which I am part."
He was the recipient of a 2006 Guggenheim fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="9664856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664856" title="Helmy Halim">
Helmy Halim

Helmy Halim (1916 – 1971) () was an Egyptian film director, screenwriter and film producer. He has worked with many stars like Omar Sharif, Ahmed Ramzy, Faten Hamama and Abdel Halim Hafez.
In the 1955 he discovered Ahmed Ramzy and cast him as Ramzy in Ayyamna al-Holwa 

</doc>
<doc id="9664862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664862" title="Coupling parameter">
Coupling parameter

The coupling parameter of the resonator, specifies the part of the energy of the laser field, which is output at each round-trip.
The coupling parameter should not be confused with the round-trip loss, which refers to the part of the energy which is absorbed or scattered at each round-trip of laser field in the laser resonator, and cannot be used.
At the continuous wave operation, the round-trip gain is determined by the coupling parameter and the round-trip loss. In simple configurations of the laser cavity or laser resonator, the coupling parameter may be just the transmission coefficient of the output coupler or just square of the magnification coefficient in the case of unstable resonator.
The round-trip loss may limit the power scaling of the active mirrors, or disk lasers, while the size of the gain medium scales up, and the gain size product is limited by the exponential growth of the amplified spontaneous emission; the powerful disk laser should work at low values of the coupling parameter and even lower values of the round-trip loss.

</doc>
<doc id="9664891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664891" title="Stephen Funk">
Stephen Funk

Stephen Funk (born June 15, 1982, Seattle, WA) is a former United States Marine Corps Landing Support Specialist and Lance Corporal reservist. He is also the first person to publicly refuse to deploy in Iraq.
Background.
Stephen Funk decided to enlist in the United States Marine Corps after 9/11, signing a six-year contract in February 2002. Near the end of boot camp, he shot expert at the rifle range, at 200-, 300- and 500-yards. Despite this, his instructor told him that he would not shoot as well in combat, Funk later said, "I told him he was right, because I felt killing was wrong."
Prior to enlisting, Funk had a background in social activism having attended a politically charged alternative high school called The Nova Project and as an organizer for various causes and against the WTO in Seattle & DNC in Los Angeles. He was also recruited as an out of the closet gay man living in San Francisco.
His period of "unauthorized absence" lasted from February 9, 2003 to April 1, 2003.
On April 1, 2003, Funk held a press conference at the main gate of San Jose Marine Reserve Base and turned himself over to military authorities. During the conference, Funk spoke to reporters and said "There is no way to justify war because you're paying with human lives." Just before being taken into custody. Funk had attempted to obtain conscientious objector status and a discharge. His conscientious objector application was never reviewed, instead he was court-martialed. At the same time he applied for conscientious objector status, Funk also came out publicly as a gay man. In 2003, while imprisoned, he was named as one of OUT Magazine's "Out 100".
Military punishment.
Of the two charges Funk was brought up on, a military jury acquitted him on September 6, 2003 of desertion, but convicted him of the lesser charge of unauthorized absence. He had spent 47 days of unauthorized absence preparing his application for conscientious objection and was sentenced to six months imprisonment, reduction in rank from E-3 to E-1 and given a bad-conduct discharge.
Controversy.
It is noteworthy that the United States punished him "for refusing to report to his unit during the Iraq war," during the period of his "unauthorized absence" (Feb 9, 2003 to April 1, 2003), which occurred "before" the May 22, 2003 adoption of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1483. (That resolution affirmed that the United States and the United Kingdom had responsibility for Iraq as the "occupying powers under unified command.")
This sequence of events means that United States punished Stephen Funk for refusing to "report to his unit during war" not sanctioned by the United Nations. This fact has major implications in international law: In an interview given on August 25, 2006, about the “2003 invasion of Iraq...[ Benjamin B. Ferencz, an American lawyer ...said the United Nations charter, which was written after the carnage of World War II, contains a provision that no nation can use armed force without the permission of the UN Security Council.” Ferencz is qualified to make comparisons to the Nuremberg Trials because he, himself, was an investigator of Nazi war crimes after World War II and the Chief Prosecutor for the United States Army at the Einsatzgruppen Trial, one of the twelve military trials held by the U.S. authorities at Nuremberg, Germany. One of the legal principles used during those trials was Nuremberg Principle IV which deals with the responsibility of individuals. It states, "The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his Government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law, provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him." The precedents and principles of international law that were set during the Nuremberg Trials have legal relevance to all subsequent cases, including that of Stephen Funk.
Aftermath.
Funk was confined in the Camp Lejeune Marine Corps Base Brig and served 5 months of a 6 month sentence. During his confinement antiwar activists organized a major protest outside the base along with a bus tour of speakers traveling the east coast. It was coordinated with rallies in several major cities including San Francisco, New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Seattle, New Orleans, Paris, & London.
Upon release Funk returned to the San Francisco Bay Area enrolling at Stanford University to study international relations. He continued his peace activism becoming an honorary founding member of Iraq Veterans Against the War in 2004. Funk is also founder and artistic director of Veteran Artists, an organization "founded and run by recent military veterans connecting other veterans with community resources to pursue artistic opportunities."

</doc>
<doc id="9664926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664926" title="Phaya Mengrai District">
Phaya Mengrai District

Phaya Mengrai (; ) is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Wiang Chai, Wiang Chiang Rung, Chiang Khong, Khun Tan and Thoeng of Chiang Rai Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on May 5, 1981, when the three "tambon" Mae Pao, Mae Tam and Mai Ya were split off from Thoeng district. It was upgraded to a full district on August 12, 1987.
Etymology.
The district is named after King Mengrai, the founder of the Lanna kingdom of northern Thailand.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 69 villages ("muban"). Phaya Mengrai is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Mengrai and Mae Pao. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9664929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664929" title="Michael Holman (filmmaker)">
Michael Holman (filmmaker)

Michael Holman is an artist, writer, avant-garde musician, hip hop impresario and filmmaker as well as Early 1980s, Downtown Scene "subculturalist" best known as the screenwriter of the film, "Basquiat," directed by Julian Schnabel and released by Miramax Films, host of the short-lived hip hop music program "Graffiti Rock" and a founding member, along with Jean-Michel Basquiat, of the experimental rock band Gray.
As a pioneer in both the downtown New York Art Scene and uptown hip hop, Holman has been a force in contemporary New York culture and art. From being a band mate in an industrial art noise band with painter Jean-Michel Basquiat, to being a journalist, filmmaker, television producer and creative influence in Hip Hop Culture, Holman helped set the stage for a new epoch in world arts and culture. 
Holman and Basquiat’s band Gray performed at various, historic venues including Hurrah's, Mudd Club, CBGB and The ICA in London, and recorded music that appeared in films such as “Downtown 81” and “Basquiat.” Holman created installation art at the Mudd Club, notably “The Soul Party” in 1980, and made short art films that premiered at The Mudd Club, Tier Three, The Ritz and other venues. 
In the 1990s, Holman and Nicholas Taylor, another, original member of the band Gray, created sonic music performances at clubs such as Club USA, Sybarite, Nuyorican Poets Cafe and The Ritz, where they opened for Todd Rundgren. Since 2011, Holman and Taylor have re-launched Gray, first performing at the New Museum in July, 2011, then in 2012, the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. and the Brooklyn Academy of Music with Questlove of The Roots (within Questlove's Shuffle Culture avant-garde show). Gray has become known for performing in art institutions, being that their shows are more than just music, but include light, video and sculpture; truly a fine art, multi-media experience, much like an updated John Cage performance, one of the band's heroes. As a filmmaker, Holman was consulted and credited with story development on the screenplay for the 1996 Miramax feature film “Basquiat,” directed by Julian Schnabel. Holman also wrote, produced and directed Children’s Television programming for the Nickelodeon Network, specifically “Blue’s Clues” and “Eureeka’s Kastle.”
As a Hip Hop impresario, journalist and producer, Holman was the first writer to use the term Hip Hop in print. Holman produced the first Hip Hop revue to ever perform on stage, opening for Malcolm McLaren’s band Bow Wow Wow at The Ritz in 1981. Holman opened “Negril,” the first Hip Hop nightclub in Downtown New York, then created, hosted and produced the first Hip Hop television show in 1984, “Graffiti Rock.” Holman created, managed, and choreographed the B-Boy dance crew legendary New York City Breakers, and created the first company called Hip hop International Inc in 1983. Touring the world and performing for the likes of President Ronald Reagan and the UK’s Prince Andrew. Holman helped produce the feature film, “Beat Street,” and wrote “Breaking,” a book on Hip Hop Culture for Scribner’s Publishing. The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame/Brooklyn Museum show: “,” features Holman’s many Hip Hop artifacts and writings. 
His voice has been sampled on the Beastie Boys track "Alright Hear This".
As an educator, Holman has taught courses at institutions such as Howard University in Washington, D.C. (where he taught screenwriting for seven years), the Photo Workshops in Maine, and New York City’s The New School For Social Research in Manhattan. In 2011, Holman began teaching short film screenwriting at New York's MPS Live Action Short Film Department at the School of Visual Arts. As a lecturer on Contemporary Urban Culture and Art, Holman has spoken at the following institutions: The Whitney Museum, the Royal College of Art (London), Cox 18 (Milan), Austin Museum of Art, the Brooklyn Museum, Yale University, NYU, Rice University, the San Francisco Art Institute, Payne Weber Incorporated and RJ Reynolds Incorporated.
Working as a writer and journalist, Holman has written for The East Village Eye, ArtForum and Art Monthly (London).
As a filmmaker, Holman has won various awards, including: the Cable Industry Ace Award, for “Eureeka’s Kastle,” in 1988; Best Video Of The Year, Rolling Stone Magazine, for Run DMC music video “Christmas In Hollis,” in 1987; the Paulette Goddard Award, Best Film, NYU, for “Head’s, You Win,” in 1987 and an Emmy Nomination for his TV special, “Graffiti Rock,” in 1984.
Working as a fine artist, Holman deconstructs the Confederate flag on canvas, recently showing his paintings at Miami Art Basel, both in 2007 and 2008. 
Holman has a BA from the University of San Francisco and attended the NYU Graduate School of Film

</doc>
<doc id="9664940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664940" title="RAJUK Uttara Model College">
RAJUK Uttara Model College

RAJUK Uttara Model College (RUMC) (Bengali: রাজউক উত্তরা মডেল কলেজ) is a co-educational Bangladeshi High school(Grade VI-XII) situated in Uttara, Dhaka about a Kilometre north from Shahjalal International Airport.
It was established in 1994. Admissions are based on an entrance test and a viva-voce (oral examination). The school provides education to its students in Bengali and English medium under the national curriculum. Students are admitted into the institution in Sixth, Ninth and Eleventh grade. The school has 4900 students and employs 175 teaching staff and 99 other staff.
History.
RUMC was set up on an area of about at Uttara in 1994 under the control and management of the Ministry of Education. In order to meet demand, the Ministry of Education established an educational institution in Uttara. "Rajdhani Unnayan Kartripakkha" (Capital Development Authority) or "RAJUK" provided land for the school.
The construction of the main academic building was completed in 1994 and the college section was formally inaugurated in the academic year 1994-1995 by the then Prime-Minister Khaleda Zia. Due to acute shortage of infrastructural facilities another development project for construction of a new building was taken up in 1995 which was completed in two phases and the campus took its present shape in 2001.
The school is under the control of an autonomous board of governors headed by the secretary, Ministry of Education. Although the school commenced with only one shift (Morning shift), later in 2003 a Day shift was launched to cope with the growing number of students. The 7:45 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. schedule is Morning Shift and the 12:45 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. schedule is Day Shift.
The students are known as "Rajukians".
Admission.
Admission to RUMC is competitive. Applicants have to pass a written test and an oral test in order to qualify. Admission tests for Sixth and Ninth grade are generally held in December and academic sessions begin in January. The admission procedure for Eleventh grade starts soon after the publication of the results of SSC (public examination taken by students after completing grade 10) examinations and admission is based on SSC examinations results. Students securing less than GPA 5 on the scale of 5 in the SSC examinations were not even eligible to apply for admission in the eleventh grade.
Education.
RUMC provides education to its students in the Secondary and Higher Secondary level in both Bengali and English medium under the national curriculum. Students take SSC (public examination taken by students after completing grade 10) and HSC (public examination taken by students after completing grade 12) examinations and the Junior Scholarship Test (Government scholarship test for eighth graders). The school has an air conditioned library with 15000 volumes along with physics, chemistry, computer, biology, mathematics, geography labs for performing experiments. Bright students participate in mathematics, physics, and astronomy Olympiads.
Curriculum.
RAJUK Uttara Model College follows the national curriculum. This curriculum includes lower secondary, secondary and higher secondary school academic subjects. Computer education is compulsory for grades 6-8 and optional for later grades. Students of grades 6-8 can take music, guitar lessons. Students of secondary (9 and 10) and higher secondary (11 and 12) classes elect to one of three major groups : Arts/Humanities, Business Studies and Science.
Students of grade 10 and 12 are prepared for their SSC and HSC examinations respectively. Selected students of grade 8 are also prepared for their Junior Scholarship Test (Government scholarship test for eighth graders).
Academic performance.
The Ministry of Education has awarded the institution for performance in HSC examinations. RUMC also got the Best School award in the National Debate Festival 2008. RUMC has the best GPA-5(on the scale of 5) achievers' percentage in SSC exams amongst Dhaka schools.
Academic performance in Junior Scholarship Test (Government scholarship test for eighth graders) in the recent years are as following:
RUMC's results from 2005 to 2012 in the Dhaka Education Board for Secondary School Certificate(SSC) examinations are as following:
Performance in the Higher Secondary Certificate(HSC) examination from 2005 to 2009 are as follows:
Library.
The college library has 15,000 volumes. In addition to the material for studies, there is a collection of fiction, non-fiction and periodicals. Four books may be checked out at a time and they may be kept for a maximum period of two weeks. The library is open during and after academic hours and remains open up to 5:30 p.m. (summer) and 4:30 p.m. (winter).
Administration.
The college is governed by a governing body. The Secretary of the Ministry of Education is the Chairman of the Board of Governors. The chief of the administration of college is Principal while there is Vice Principal in each of the shifts (morning and day shifts). The Principal is Brigadier General Md. Imamul Huda.
Campus.
The RUMC campus has an area of , consisting of two inter-connected buildings, a sports ground and a pair of basketball courts. The first building and the second building are five stories and eight stories high respectively. The first five floors, excluding the ground floor of both inter-connected buildings are used for academic purposes. The Central Hall, gymnasium, teachers' lounge, administrative offices are in the ground floor. The library, principal's office, biology lab, video lab, computer lab 1 are located in the first floor. The second floor has physics lab, internet lab, computer labs 2 and 3, and classrooms.
The third floor consists of classrooms only. Chemistry lab and other classrooms are in the fourth floor. The fifth floor of the second building is used as living quarters for the principal and other staff. The dormitory for female students is located on this floor. Dormitories for resident male students are on the sixth and seventh floors. The playing ground is used for cricket, football, badminton, and handball.
A new building had started construction in July 2010. In January 2014, the English Medium school section(grades 6-10) was shifted to the newly-made building at the other side of the playground, whose construction was delayed for some difficulties. Otherwise, it would have been inaugurated earlier. However, the three-floored yet spacious building houses a number of forms(sections) ranging from grades 6-10, a common room and a canteen. The college section still continues to hold its classes in the older campus, which is almost fully arranged for the Bengali Medium and administrative offices.
Uniform.
All students wear college uniform.
Boys: white shirt and navy blue trouser (Bangla medium-morning shift) white shirt and bottle green trouser (English Medium-morning shift), white shirt and brown trousers(Bangla medium-day shift). A necktie is compulsory during winter. Day Shift-(English medium) white shirt and grey trousers.
Girls: navy blue frock, white Payjama and white Orna (Bangla medium); bottle green frock, white Pajama and white Orna (English medium-morning shift) ; Brown frock, white Payjama and white Orna (Bangla medium-day shift). Day Shift-(English medium) grey frock, white pajama and white orna.
Note: The dress code for English Medium-Day Shift was introduced in January 2013.
Epaulettes : epaulettes are compulsory for all students of RUMC. The epaulettes of School section (grades 6-10) and College section (grades 11-12) are red and green in colour respectively. Students of grade 6 start their academic career in RUMC with single golden stripe and end their grade 10 with five golden stripes in their red epaulettes while eleventh graders start with a golden stripe and end grade 12 with two golden stripes in their green epaulettes. Eppaulettes marked with stars and stripes are provided to the College Captain (Head Boy or Girl equivalent), prefects and other appointment holders.
Co-curricular and extra-curricular activities.
There are 26 clubs and societies. The program includes football, cricket, volleyball, handball and basketball. Special emphasis is given to literary and cultural activities. A yearly cultural week is observed, with Hamd, Nat, Quirat, debate, recitation, music, drama, story telling, and caricature.
Other clubs include stamp collection, drawing and painting, photography, gardening, pottery, band and junior cadet crops. A colorful wall paper reflecting the thoughts and ideas of the students is brought out each term.
The college organizes an annual function on 21 February to observe the International Mother Language Day. It holds programs on the occasion of Pohela Boishakh, Independence Day, and Victory Day.
Sports.
RUMC has outdoor and indoor games facilities. Inter-class football, basketball, cricket, handball and other competitions are held.
RUMC has indoor games facilities including table tennis, carom, chess and word making. Boards needed for these indoor-games are placed in the college common room and hallways. The college has a gymnasium for its students, equipped with exercise equipment, located on the ground floor of the main academic building. It remains open from 7:30AM to 5:00PM.
Foreign languages.
Emphasis is on English. The authority has appointed overseas English teachers as well as local teachers specialized in English. Classes on spoken English and phonetics have been arranged. Students can sit TOEFL and SAT examinations.
College Internet Lab.
RUMC provides internet connectivity to its students. The college internet lab has 15 computers with broadband internet connection. Students can browse the internet here during breaks and after academic hours. Students pay 10 BDT per hour for browsing.
School magazine.
RUMC publishes an annual magazine containing poems, articles, stories, science fiction, and jokes, written by the students, teachers and staff. "Anupranon" [Bengali:অনুপ্রাণন] (invigorating or inspiring in Bengali) is the name of the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9664951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664951" title="Creature of the night">
Creature of the night

Creature(s) of the night may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9664976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9664976" title="Khun Tan District">
Khun Tan District

Khun Tan (; ) is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
History.
The government separated 3 "tambon" of Thoeng district to create the minor district ("King Amphoe") Khun Ta on April 1, 1992. It was upgraded to a full district on December 5, 1996.
Etymology.
The name Khun Tan comes from Khun Tan River, which forms the backbone of in "Tambon" Pa Tan. It is also the name of "That" Pa Tan, an important temple in the district.
Roughly translated, "Khun Tan" means "Mountain of Palm Trees", "Khun" (ขุน) referring to a mountain range, and "Tan" (ตาล) referring to "Borassus flabellifer", a certain kind of palm tree. Likewise, the subdistrict ("Tambon") Pa Tan translates to "Palm Tree Forest".
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the northwest clockwise) Phaya Mengrai, Chiang Khong, Wiang Kaen and Thoeng of Chiang Rai Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 3 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 55 villages ("muban"). Ban Ta is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Ta. There are further 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9665028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665028" title="Diego Dubcovsky">
Diego Dubcovsky

Diego Dubcovsky (born Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film producer, production manager, and production designer.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
In 1995, he launched his own production company together with Daniel Burman, BD Cine (Burman and Dubcovsky Cine).
Filmography.
Producer

</doc>
<doc id="9665034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665034" title="Stoneking">
Stoneking

Stoneking is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9665072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665072" title="Wiang Chiang Rung District">
Wiang Chiang Rung District

Wiang Chiang Rung (; ) is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Mueang Chiang Rai, Doi Luang, Chiang Khong, and Phaya Mengrai and Wiang Chai of Chiang Rai Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was established on April 1, 1995, when it was split off from Wiang Chai district
. At first named Chiang Rung, it was renamed to Wiang Chiang Rung on March 1, 1996.
Following a decision of the Thai government on May 15, 2007, all of the 81 minor districts were to be upgraded to full districts. With the publishing in the Royal Gazette on August 24 the upgrade became official
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 3 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 43 villages ("muban"). Ban Lao is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Thung Ko and Dong Maha Wan. There are further 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9665098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665098" title="I Love Rock 'n' Roll (album)">
I Love Rock 'n' Roll (album)

"I Love Rock 'n' Roll" is the second studio album by Joan Jett and the first to feature her backing band The Blackhearts. It is Jett's most successful album to date with over 10 million copies sold, largely due to the success of the title track (which was released as a single soon after the album was released).
Early copies of the album released during December 1981 ended with the track "Little Drummer Boy". However, after the holiday season passed, the track was replaced by "Oh Woe Is Me" on most pressings.
The initial CD release was in 1992 on Blackheart Records and featured 13 tracks. The album was digitally remastered and reissued on CD in 1998 and featured two additional bonus tracks.
Track listing.
CD bonus tracks.
Tracks 12–15 are bonus tracks on the 1998 CD reissue. Original Boardwalk Records vinyl versions of the album contain only tracks 1-9 and either 10 or 11. The LP saw a vinyl reissue in 2009 containing both "Little Drummer Boy", "Oh Woe Is Me", and the rehearsal version of "You Don't Know What You've Got" that was the original B side to Boardwalk Records issues of the "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" single.
Note: It was possible to acquire "Oh Woe Is Me" without purchasing a replacement album as it was also released as the B side of the "Crimson and Clover" single.
The album contains several cover songs, including: "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" (originally by Arrows), "Nag" (The Halos), "Crimson and Clover" (Tommy James & The Shondells), "Bits and Pieces" (The Dave Clark Five), "You're Too Possessive" (The Runaways), "Little Drummer Boy" (The Harry Simeone Chorale and other artists), and bonus tracks "Louie Louie" (Richard Berry, later performed by The Kingsmen) and "Summertime Blues" (Eddie Cochran).
"Summertime Blues" was originally left off the vinyl LP, and Boardwalk passed on releasing it as a single, but it was leaked to rock radio stations and became a Most Added listing (which Kenny Laguna said infuriated Boardwalk president Neil Bogart). The song was eventually released as a one-sided single in Canada and as a 12-inch single in Australia (accompanied by "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah))".
Personnel.
The Blackhearts:
Additional musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="9665100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665100" title="White Tiger (Angela Del Toro)">
White Tiger (Angela Del Toro)

Angela Del Toro is the fourth fictional character to use the name White Tiger in the comic book series published by Marvel Comics. Angela is the niece of the original White Tiger Hector Ayala and exists in Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe. The source of her powers is the Jade Tiger amulets she inherited from her uncle.
Publication history.
In 2004, Angela Del Toro first appeared in the comic book "Daredevil" vol. 2 #58, written by Brian Michael Bendis and pencilled by Alex Maleev. Then Del Toro appeared in several issues of "Daredevil" vol. 2: #59, #67-70 and #77-79. She is depicted as an FBI agent amidst the accusations of Matt Murdock being Daredevil, and the arrest and eventual death of Hector Ayala who is the original White Tiger.
After becoming White Tiger, Del Toro received her own limited series in November 2006, written by Tamora Pierce and Timothy Liebe, and pencilled by the French artist Phil Briones. The trade paperback "White Tiger: A Hero's Compulsion" collects the six numeros of the series.
In 2010, she also appeared in "Shadowland". After this event Angela Del Toro is no longer the White Tiger. The legacy has passed to Ava Ayala.
Fictional character biography.
Angela Del Toro is the heir to a heroic legacy that began with the Jade Tiger, a long-lost enchanted statue from the fabled kingdom of K'un-L'un. Broken into pieces, the statue's paws and head resurfaced in America, where the Sons of the Tiger wore them as amulets that enhanced their martial arts prowess. When the Sons disbanded, their discarded amulets were discovered by Angela's uncle, the young Hector Ayala, who transformed into the superhuman White Tiger through their power.
Going back into action as the White Tiger, Hector was framed for murder and convicted despite the efforts of his lawyer, Matt Murdock. Ayala was shot dead trying to escape, shortly before evidence emerged that proved his innocence.
Angela Del Toro, a Federal Agent, volunteered to participate in the ongoing FBI investigation of the suspected Daredevil Murdock. However, when Hector's amulets were handed down to her, an overwhelmed Angela asked Murdock to help her decide what to do with them. Knowing the terrible cost of the vigilante lifestyle — and having seen her own partner, agent Harold Driver, killed during the Daredevil investigation —, Angela wanted to know why anyone would ever play super-hero. She told Murdock she was willing to quit the FBI and abandon her case if he could answer her questions.
Recognizing Angela's sincerity, Murdock challenged her to scale St. Catherine's Cathedral then engaged her in rooftop combat as Daredevil. Convinced of her ability, Murdock presented Angela with a final lesson by leading her to a robbery in progress. Subduing the robbers single-handedly, a proud Angela was touched by the awestruck gratitude of the shopkeeper she had rescued, and she finally began to understand her new calling. Shortly thereafter, Del Toro rescued Murdock from ex-crime lord Alexander Bont and his reluctant henchman Gladiator, beating Potter into submission.
During the start of her career as a masked crime-fighter, Del Toro uncovers a government ID smuggling plot by Yakuza and a secret organization known as the Chaeyi, and starts work at 212 Security; a private bodyguard service. Tiger attempts to stop the activities of the two criminal organizations through various team-ups with fellow superheroes including Iron Fist/Daredevil (2.0), Luke Cage, Spider-Man, and Black Widow often facing off against King Cobra and the Yakuza that killed her partner. After ending the relationship between the Yakuza and Chaeyi, the leader of Chaeyi vows to get revenge against the White Tiger and enlists the help of Omega Red.
Angela is later slain by Lady Bullseye and resurrected as a Hand assassin (in the manner of Elektra Natchios). Later, she is cured of the Hand's black magic by Black Tarantula, and joins Daredevil and Black Tarantula working within the Hand itself. Angela showed much doubt about what they are doing as members of the Hand.
Daredevil appointed Angela one of the five Daimyo' of the Hand presiding over North America and brought her with him to the Daimyo's summit in Japan where she and Bakuto, the Daimyo of South America, immediately come to odds, but Matt stops them before they fight. Angela takes every opportunity to blame Bakuto for their problems in Japan. It was also revealed that Angela is still under the corrupting influence of the Hand.
When New York was in crisis, White Tiger informed Black Tarantula to execute looters; he becomes confused and sees that something is wrong with Daredevil. However, White Tiger was still possessed by the Hand, and stabbed Black Tarantula in his back with the blade, tossing him over the edge to fall into a vehicle, leaving him for dead.
Powers and abilities.
The White Tiger amulets augment Angela's strength, speed, stamina, agility, dexterity, reflexes and reactions, coordination, balance, and endurance to slightly superhuman levels, and also endow her with formidable martial arts skills. The amulets may also enhance Angela's recuperative powers, as they apparently did with Hector. She also has the ability to blend in with her surroundings, using the amulets to camouflage herself (however, this only works when she wears her costume, as the amulets does not affect her normal clothing).
Angela is also a trained investigator, a good shot with firearms and an experienced unarmed combatant.
Other versions.
House Of M.
Angela appears as part of Luke Cage's underground human resistance in the House of M crossover. When the Sentinels attack, she is one of the members who didn't get teleported out by Cloak. It is revealed that she joined Luke's "Avengers" early on and received the amulet when it was sent to her through the mail by Hector Ayala.

</doc>
<doc id="9665143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665143" title="DeSoto County School District">
DeSoto County School District

DeSoto County Schools is a public school district based in Hernando, Mississippi (USA) and serving all public school students in DeSoto County. With an enrollment of more than 30,000 students, DeSoto County is the largest school district in the state of Mississippi.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 28,738 students enrolled in the DeSoto County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 26.05% African American, 67.91% White, 4.64% Hispanic, 1.22% Asian, and 0.18% Native American. 27.4% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9665154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665154" title="South African heraldry">
South African heraldry

South African heraldry reaches back for more than 360 years, inheriting European (especially Dutch and British) heraldic traditions. Arms are borne by individuals, official bodies, local authorities, military units, and by a wide variety of organisations. South Africa has had its own heraldic authority since 1963, to provide armigers with legal protection, and to promote high standards of armorial practice.
Origins and history.
The first known armorial display in South Africa took the form of stone beacons bearing the Portuguese royal arms, which were erected along the coast by navigators who explored the sea route in the 1480s.
17th–18th centuries.
Heraldry was introduced into the region by the Dutch, when they founded the first European colony, at the Cape of Good Hope, in 1652. Under Dutch law, everyone has the right to assume and bear arms, and many settlers bore personal arms, some of which are still borne by their descendants today.
The official arms of the Netherlands, and those of the Verenigde Oost Indische Compagnie, which ran the colony, were also used. There do not appear to have been any other corporate arms during the Dutch colonial period, but there is evidence of some use of military unit arms in the 1780s. Civic arms were introduced in 1804.
19th century.
British military forces occupied the colony during the Napoleonic Wars, and the Netherlands handed it over permanently to Great Britain in 1814. This brought the colony within the jurisdiction of the English College of Arms, the Scottish Lord Lyon and the Irish Ulster Office. British law regards arms as an honour which must be granted or recognised by one or other of these authorities, but as Roman-Dutch law was retained in the colony, it remained legal to simply assume arms at will. Those who wanted formal grants of arms could apply to one of the three British authorities.
As with language, music, and other cultural aspects, then, British and Cape Dutch (Afrikaner) heraldry existed separately side by side. This is still the case, though there has been some cross-pollination during the past half-century.
European settlement spread to other parts of the region in the 1830s, as a result of Afrikaner dissatisfaction with British rule. Eventually, the region crystallised into four White-ruled territories: two British colonies and two Afrikaner republics. Their governments adopted official arms.
20th–21st centuries.
Britain conquered the two Afrikaner republics in the Anglo-Boer War (1899–1902), and the four territories united in 1910 to form the Union of South Africa.
As self-government developed during the first half of the 20th century, some official attention began to be paid to heraldry.
In 1935, the Union government introduced a system of voluntary registration of "badges" by the Department of the Interior. It applied only to associations and institutions, such as schools and clubs, and several dozen of the more than 1300 items registered over the years were coats of arms. The Department of Education, Arts & Sciences took over as registrar in 1959.
The rise of Afrikaner nationalism during the 1930s and 1940s drew heavily on culture and tradition, and several books and articles on Afrikaner family history and heraldry were published during that period. Unfortunately, as later research showed, the heraldic sources were generally not very reliable.
After an Afrikaner nationalist government took office in 1948, with a republic high on its agenda, steps were taken to bring order to the armorial chaos. Between 1949 and 1953, the four provincial administrations introduced systems of registering civic arms to protect them against usurpation. The defence force established its own heraldry office in 1954.
The 1950s also saw an unprecedented number of English and Scottish grants of arms, to municipalities, corporate bodies, the Anglican dioceses, and a few individuals. With a republic in the offing, there may have been a feeling that it was "now or never".
South Africa became a republic and left the Commonwealth in 1961. A Heraldry Act was passed in 1962, and the Bureau of Heraldry and Heraldry Council were established in 1963. The Bureau took over from the Department of Education, Arts & Sciences and the provincial administrations as registering authority, and in addition to registering corporate and civic arms, it registers official and personal arms too. Arms have to be heraldically correct to qualify for registration, which remains voluntary.
From 1963 to 1969, the Heraldry Act also provided for arms to be "granted" by the state president to official bodies and by the provincial administrators to local authorities. Grants were subject to Heraldry Council approval and were registered by the Bureau. (The Act has never authorised the Bureau to grant arms, only to register them.)
Since 1963, the Bureau has introduced many innovations, including lines of partition, charges drawn from South African fauna and flora and the African heritage and, in the early 1970s, a highly stylised, Finnish-influenced, artistic style.
Usage of arms.
Roman-Dutch law allows everyone to assume and bear arms, as long as no one else's rights are infringed in the process. Social status, or service to the country, are not requirements as they are in some other countries. There is therefore a wide range of armigers, including:
Regulation.
There is little regulation of heraldry in South Africa. Arms which have been registered at the Bureau are protected to the extent that a registered owner can take legal action against anyone who usurps or misuses his arms. In the case of the arms of the national and provincial governments, defence force units, and municipalities, offenders can also be prosecuted and fined, and ridiculing or showing contempt for the national arms is punishable by imprisonment.
Registration of arms is entirely voluntary.
Distinctive features.
South African heraldry has a number of distinctive features:

</doc>
<doc id="9665166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665166" title="Slingshot!">
Slingshot!

Slingshot! is a quarterly anarchist newspaper published in Berkeley, California since 1988 by the Slingshot Collective. It is a non-profit project of the Long Haul Infoshop. Slingshot provides free subscriptions to prisoners and people with low income in the United States.
The Slingshot Collective also publishes an annual datebook called the Slingshot Organizer.
Most recently, Slingshot has provided a consistent forum for coverage of the Occupy Movement and its many branches especially Occupy Oakland. 

</doc>
<doc id="9665190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665190" title="James Kennedy">
James Kennedy

James Kennedy, Jamie Kennedy, Jim Kennedy, or Jimmy Kennedy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9665214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665214" title="Beyond Therapy (film)">
Beyond Therapy (film)

Beyond Therapy is a 1987 American comedy film written and directed by Robert Altman, based on the play of the same name by Christopher Durang.
Plot.
The film focuses on Prudence and Bruce, two Manhattanites who are seeking stable romantic relationships with the help of their respective psychiatrists, lecherous Stuart and scatterbrained Charlotte, each of whom suggests the patient place a personal ad. Their first meeting proves to be a disaster, but when they reunite sparks begin to fly. Complications ensue when bisexual Bruce's jealous live-in lover Bob decides to assert himself and do everything possible to maintain his status quo.
Production.
According to Durang, both he and Altman wrote separate screenplays. Ultimately, Durang's script was rewritten substantially by Altman with Durang later describing the project as "a very unhappy experience and outcome."
Despite its New York City setting, the film was made in Paris, where director Robert Altman was living at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9665218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665218" title="Kohoku">
Kohoku

Kohoku may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9665280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665280" title="WIPI">
WIPI

WIPI (; ), Wireless Internet Platform for Interoperability, was a middleware platform used in South Korea that allowed mobile phones, regardless of manufacturer or carrier, to run applications. Much of WIPI was based on Java, but it also included the ability to download and run compiled binary applications as well.
The specification was created by the Mobile Platform Special Subcommittee of the Korea Wireless Internet Standardization Forum (KWISF). The South Korean government declared that all cellular phones sold in that country include the WIPI platform to avoid inordinate competition between mobile companies, but the policy has been withdrawn from April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9665296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665296" title="Brian Oake">
Brian Oake

Brian Oake is a radio broadcast personality in the Minneapolis, Minnesota radio market. Oake currently is a host on the KTCZ-FM (97.1 FM) morning show along with Keri Noble, and also hosts a special weekend program on that station called "Freedom Rock".
Oake's credits include work on previous Twin Cities radio formats, Rev105 and Zone105. In 1998, "City Pages" listed Oake as the "Best FM Radio Personality" for his work on Zone 105.
He also hosts 'Oake on the Water', a free music event at certain locales around the Metro. 
Oake is an occasional guest on local sports-talk station FM 100.3 KFAN to talk about music, as both KTCZ and KFAN are owned by Clear Channel Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="9665380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665380" title="Electoral district of Lower Hunter">
Electoral district of Lower Hunter

Lower Hunter was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1859 to 1880. 

</doc>
<doc id="9665383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665383" title="Maria Lea Pedini-Angelini">
Maria Lea Pedini-Angelini

Maria Lea Pedini-Angelini (born 15 July 1954) served as a Captain Regent of San Marino from April 1, 1981 to October 1, 1981. She served with Gastone Pasolini. She was the first female head of state of San Marino, and at age 26 one of the youngest. She later served as Director in the Ministry of Government and Foreign Affairs, and has been non-resident Ambassador in the Ministry to France, Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Hungary[http://www.mfa.gov.hu/kum/hu/bal/Kepviseletek/Kulfoldi_kepviseletek_Magyarorszagon/Nagykovetsegek_es_Fokonzulatusok/europa.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="9665421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665421" title="Yazoo City Municipal School District">
Yazoo City Municipal School District

The Yazoo City Municipal School District is a public school district based in Yazoo City, Mississippi (USA).
Demographics.
2007-08 school year.
There were a total of 2,822 students enrolled in the Yazoo City Municipal School District during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 99.17% African American, 0.54% White, 0.07% Native American, 0.14% Hispanic, and 0.07% Asian.

</doc>
<doc id="9665492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665492" title="OpenKODE">
OpenKODE

OpenKODE is a set of native APIs for handheld games and media applications providing a cross-platform abstraction layer for other media technologies such as OpenGL ES, OpenVG, OpenMAX AL and OpenSL ES. Besides of being an umbrella specification of the other APIs, OpenKODE also contains an API of its own, OpenKODE Core. OpenKODE Core defines POSIX-like functions to access operating system resources such as file access.
OpenKODE is managed by the non-profit technology consortium Khronos Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9665504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665504" title="Constitution of Yugoslavia">
Constitution of Yugoslavia

The Constitution of Yugoslavia can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9665571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665571" title="Rojina">
Rojina

Rojina is a common female given name based on the Kurdish language where it means "Bright and lustrous light" or "Lighted".
It is mostly used by kurdish people in Iran for their children. The name Rojina comes from Ro'shana in ancient Medyan. The name is also connected to Roxanna, who was the Persian wife of Alexander the great.
Rojina is sometimes shortened to Rojin or even Roji. There are several names similar to Rojina like: Rojan, Roj, Rozita.
An advantage of the name Rojina is that most people around the world can easily pronounce it.
Rojina also means sunshine for kurdish people.

</doc>
<doc id="9665582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665582" title="Yazoo County School District">
Yazoo County School District

The Yazoo County School District is a public school district headquartered in Yazoo City, Mississippi (USA).
The district serves most of Yazoo County, including the town of Bentonia, the villages of Eden and Satartia, and rural areas.
Schools.
All schools are in unincorporated areas.
Demographics.
2007-08 school year.
There were a total of 1,763 students enrolled in the Yazoo County School District during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 52.13% African American, 47.14% White, 0.28% Hispanic, and 0.44% Asian. 
School uniforms.
All students are required to wear school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="9665586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665586" title="Leabgarrow">
Leabgarrow

An Leadhb Gharbh (anglicized as Leabgarrow) is a Gaeltacht village on Arranmore Island, which is to the west of County Donegal about three miles from Burtonport. The island's post office, secondary school and ferry port are located in Leabgarrow. Leabgarrow also hosts a restaurant, a games room and numerous pubs and bars.
See also.
List of towns and villages in Ireland

</doc>
<doc id="9665636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665636" title="Regatta (clothing)">
Regatta (clothing)

Regatta is a family-owned outdoor and leisure clothing company which has been established in the United Kingdom since 1981. It competes with Karrimor, Peter Storm.
The company's clothing is amongst the most popular in the leisurewear market, with products including jackets, fleeces, trousers and softshells. Its products are considered good value and are often very durable and suitable for harsh conditions.
It also produces clothing and accessories for the snow-wear market with, its Dare 2b label.
The company employs more than 350 staff at its Manchester headquarters at Trafford Park close to the Trafford Centre.The company distribution warehouse now operates out of Ellesmere Port
Since 1981 Regatta remains owned and run by the Black family. Father, Lionel Black is the Chairman, son Keith is the Managing Director and daughter Joanne is the Buying Director.
The company has been awarded the Queen's Award for Enterprise: International Trade 2012 on two separate occasions due to its international growth.

</doc>
<doc id="9665643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665643" title="Jacqueline de Ribes">
Jacqueline de Ribes

Jacqueline, Comtesse de Ribes (born 14 July 1929) in Paris, France is a French aristocrat, socialite and fashion designer. She is also a member of the International Best Dressed List since 1962.
Early life.
She was born 1929 in Paris as Jacqueline Bonnin de La Bonninière de Beaumont. Her parents were Jean de Beaumont, comte Bonnin de la Bonninière de Beaumont (1904-2002), and his wife Paule de Rivaud de La Raffinière (1908-1999). She grew up in an atmosphere of French aristocratic wealth and elegance. One of her famous relatives was her uncle Étienne de Beaumont, comte Bonnin de la Bonninière de Beaumont (1883-1956).
In February 1948, she married Édouard de Ribes, vicomte de Ribes (1923-2013), a rich and successful banker, who subsequently became comte de Ribes. They have two children, a daughter Elisabeth (born 17 February 1949) and a son vicomte Jean de Ribes (born 4 August 1952). Her daughter married Frank Van der Kemp, son of Gérald Van der Kemp (1912-2002). Their daughter Alix Van der Kemp married Count Pierre de la Rochefoucauld at Château de Versainville in Normandy in 2004.
Life in fashion and society.
By the age of 25, she was appearing on the lists of best-dressed women, having consistently worn haute couture clothing all her life. She was consistently named to the International Best Dressed List. She was one of the guests who attended Carlos de Beistegui famous "Le Bal oriental" in 1951, Alexis von Rosenberg, Baron de Rédé famous "Bal des Têtes" in 1957 and the "Oriental bal" in 1969, both at the Hôtel Lambert. She was also invited to Truman Capote's "Black and White Ball" in 1966.
Famous parties.
She has been the muse of many designers such as Valentino, Yves Saint Laurent and Guy Laroche.
Although she was interested in designing and had always considered Coco Chanel one of her heroes, her upbringing did not encourage women of her class to work. So her longing to have a salon of her own was not fulfilled until she was well into her fifties. Her first collection was shown in Paris and New York in 1983. Her aura of discreet grandeur and innate sense of good taste ensured that the gowns she designed were greatly admired by the ladies of her society.
She retired from designing in 1994 for health reasons.
On the 14 July 2010 the French President Nicolas Sarkozy decorated her as a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur at the Elysée Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="9665646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665646" title="Manfred Mann Chapter Three (album)">
Manfred Mann Chapter Three (album)

Manfred Mann Chapter Three is the debut album released in 1969 by Manfred Mann Chapter Three. It was one of the three first albums released on the Vertigo record label. The principal members of the group were Manfred Mann and Mike Hugg. Mann played the organ and acted as the group's musical arranger, whilst Hugg handled vocals, played piano and was the chief song writer. The group was augmented by a five-piece brass section and several distinguished jazz soloists.
The core songs "Travelling Lady", "Snakeskin Garter", "Devil Woman" and "Time" define the album's sound: long, slow, doomy one chord riffs beneath sections of breathy vocals, powerful brass and free-form improvised solos. "Konekuf" is the same without the vocals, while "A Study in Inaccuracy" is simply freeform. "Sometimes", "One Way Glass", "Ain't It Sad" and "Where Am I Going" are shorter and more melodic, wistful songs centering around Hugg's electric piano, on which he turns in an able solo on "Mister, You're a Better Man Than I".

</doc>
<doc id="9665660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665660" title="MBC Action">
MBC Action

MBC Action is a free-to-air satellite TV channel that screens films and television programs from the action genre began a terrestrial area in the Arab World. Programs are subtitled in Standard Arabic with DVB-T2 only. It is available in the Arab world by satellites Badr-4 and Nilesat 102. It launched on March 5, 2007 at 6:00 P.M. (GMT) with the Pilot episode of the TV series "Lost" which, along with "Prison Break" and "The 4400", is one of MBC Action's biggest coups. It also shows new episodes of other shows like "24" and "Pimp My Ride". The channel also airs the "International Fight League". It also shows action movies on a daily basis. It is aimed mainly at male audiences, unlike its sister channel MBC 4 which is aimed at female audiences.
On 1st of July, 2011 MBC Action HD launched.

</doc>
<doc id="9665667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665667" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 48 (2006)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 48 (2006)

Oregon ballot measure 48 was one of two unsuccessful ballot measures sponsored by the Taxpayers Association of Oregon (TAO) on the November 7, 2006 general election ballot. Measure 48 (a version of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights) was an initiated constitutional amendment ballot measure. Oregon statute currently limits state appropriations to 8% of projected personal income in Oregon (with certain exceptions). If Governor declares emergency, legislature may exceed current statutory appropriations limit by 60% vote of each house. This measure would have added a constitutional provision limiting any increase in state spending from one biennium to next biennium to the percentage increase in state population, plus inflation, over previous two years. Certain exceptions to limit, including spending of: federal, donated funds; proceeds from selling certain bonds, real property; money to fund emergency funds; money to fund tax, "kicker," other refunds were included in the provisions of the measure. It also would have provided that spending limit may be exceeded by amount approved by two-thirds of each house of legislature and approved by majority of voters voting in general election.
Background.
The State of Oregon budgets spending in two-year periods, beginning July 1 of odd-numbered years. The Oregon Constitution requires the Legislature to adopt budgets that do not exceed the revenue predicted for that same two-year period.
A state law also limits general fund spending to eight percent of personal income for that same two-year period but has not affected spending to date. The "kicker" law that refunds taxes that exceed a revenue forecast made prior to the legislative session limits revenue available for state services. That constitutional amendment has refunded collected revenue to individuals seven times and corporations six times.
Description of the Measure.
Ballot Measure 48 would have restricted the amount of money the State could spend in its annual budget. It proposed to limit state spending by amending the state's constitution to provide that, unless approved by a 2/3 vote of both the Oregon House and Senate and a subsequent approval by a majority of the voters, spending for state services in a two-year period cannot exceed the amount spent in the previous two-year period plus the combined rate of the increase of the state's population and inflation in that same, previous, two-year period.
If passed, the amendment would apply to spending of aggregate revenues collected from a variety of sources including but not limited to: income tax, lottery receipts, tuition, professional licensing and other taxes and fees. The measure would not have applied to revenues from the following sources: federal funds, voluntary donations to state agencies, proceeds from the sale of bonds specifically approved by the voters and proceeds from the sale of real property at real market value to non-government entities.
The measure would not apply to money spent for the following purposes: tax and "kicker" refunds or money placed in an emergency fund or a "rainy day" reserve fund. (Money placed into an emergency or "rainy day" fund would not be available for state spending in excess of the spending limit without a 2/3 vote of the House and Senate and approval by the voters.)
The Legislative Fiscal Office estimated that the measure's effect in the 2007 biennium would restrict spending of approximately $2.2 billion out of approximately $35.6 billion in revenues estimated to be subject to the limit.
If it had been passed and put into effect, the Legislature could refund the restricted funds to taxpayers, place them in the funds noted above, leave them in the treasury and/or, with a 2/3 vote of each house of the legislature refer to voters a plan to spend them on state services.
Election results.
During the November 7, 2006 general election and Measure 48 was rejected by a large margin, garnering only 379,971 out 1,303,600 (29.15%) of the vote on this ballot line.
TAO, the main organized support for the measure received 94% of its funding from Illinois-based Americans for Limited Government, which sponsored similar measures in numerous states in 2006. Opposing groups also pooled their resources in pushing for the defeat of both Measures 41 and 48, spending $1.9 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9665675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665675" title="The Definitive Rock Collection (White Lion album)">
The Definitive Rock Collection (White Lion album)

The Definitive Rock Collection is the latest compilation album by White Lion, released in 2007 by Atlantic Records. The ultimate collection of studio and live 'White Lion' tracks. The compilation features all of White Lion's charted singles. Following the album's release the band was set for a summer tour with Poison and Ratt only to be dropped by the tour promoter after ex-White Lion guitarist Vito Bratta threatened to take legal action over the band name.
This threatened legal action however did not stop the band and they appeared at Rocklahoma in Pryor, OK on July 13, 2007 with Poison, Ratt, Quiet Riot, Slaughter, Y&T, Gypsy Pistoleros, Dirty Penny, Greg Leon Invasion and Zendozer. After this festival they toured the US. Eventually Mike Tramp was able to use the original band name again.

</doc>
<doc id="9665677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665677" title="Günther Lützow">
Günther Lützow

Colonel Günther Lützow (4 September 1912 – 24 April 1945) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and a leader in the "Fighter Pilots Revolt". Lützow was credited with 110 victories achieved in over 300 combat missions. He scored 5 victories during the Spanish Civil War. He recorded 20 victories over the Western Front, including at least one four-engine bomber, and 85 victories over the Eastern Front. Lützow, flying the Me 262 jet fighter for Adolf Galland’s JV 44, was posted missing on 24 April 1945 while attempting to intercept a USAAF B-26 Marauder raid near Donauwörth. His body was never recovered.
Career.
On 7 April 1931 Lützow began his pilot training at the "Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule" (German Air Transport School) at Schleißheim. He and 29 other trainees attended what was called "Kameradschaft 31", abbreviated "K 31". Among the members of "K 31" were future Luftwaffe staff Officers Wolfgang Falck and Hannes Trautloft. Lützow graduated from the Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule on 19 February 1932. From "K 31" Lützow and nine others were recommended for "Sonderausbildung" (special training) at the Lipetsk fighter-pilot school.
Spanish Civil War.
Lützow initially served as a Leutnant in the infantry before transferring to the Luftwaffe as a pilot with I./JG 132 "Richthofen". During the Spanish Civil War Lützow was "Staffelkapitän" of 2./Jagdgruppe 88 (J/88) with the Condor Legion. From March to September 1937 "Oberleutnant" Lützow claimed five victories, including the first ever recorded by the Bf 109. In November 1938 Lützow became an instructor at "Jagdfliegerschule" 1 at Werneuchen.
In 1938 Lützow was assigned to the "Reichsluftfahrtministerium, Sonderstab W." under the command of General Helmuth Wilberg. Sonderstab W. was responsible for collecting and analyzing the tactical lessons learned during the Spanish Civil War. Here Lützow met his future wife Gisela von Priesdorff (the eldest daughter of military historian Kurt von Priesdorff). Lützow wrote up his manuscript "Erfahrungsbericht Winterausbildung 1937/1938, Jüterbog-Damm, 5. Staffel" documenting his Spanish experiences and tactical proposals. This manuscript referred to the "finger-four" formation as the clearly superior tactical formation for contemporary fighter operations. Lützow's comrade Werner Mölders months later solved the problem of manoeuvring a "finger-four" formation by introducing what is still known today as the "crossover turn" or "tac turn".
World War II.
Lützow became "Gruppenkommandeur" of I./Jagdgeschwader 3 (JG 3) in November 1939. During the French campaign he claimed a further nine victories. At the height of the Battle of Britain in August 1940 Lützow was appointed "Geschwaderkommodore" of JG 3. After eight more victories over England Lützow was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernes Kreuzes") in September.
In spring 1941 JG 3 received the new Bf 109-F before Lützow led JG 3 east for the invasion of Russia. On 17 July 1941 he recorded his 40th claim and was awarded the Oak Leaves ("Eichenlaub") for the Knight's Cross on 20 July. He was shot down by Soviet ground fire on 23 September, force-landing behind enemy lines but returned to his unit unhurt. In October he claimed 29 victories, including five bombers shot down on 8 October. He was awarded the Swords ("Schwerter") for the Knight's Cross on 11 October 1941 for 92 claims. He became the second "Experte" ( after Werner Mölders) to achieve 100 victories, on 24 October. Lützow was then grounded. In early November, he led Stab. JG 3 back to Germany to rest and re-equip. In May 1942 Lützow and JG 3 commenced operations near Kharkov before moving into the Crimea and Stalingrad. Lützow added one victory when he claimed a Polikarpov I-16 fighter on 21 May 1942 for his 107th kill.
Sometime in June 1942 (most likely in Grakowo), Lützow was visited by two men from the SS. They were of lower rank. After Lützow asked them how he could be of assistance to them they responded by requesting as many of his men as possible to form up execution squads to liquidate Jews, Soviet Political Officers and other "scum". Lützow was furious and ordered the entire Geschwader in full dress uniform to assemble and before Jagdgeschwader explained what the SS had requested and how he considered this act to be barbaric and criminal. He threatened to resign from command and take off his uniform if a single soldier volunteered. This act ensured Lützow got in trouble with the SS and the NSDAP.
In August 1942 Lützow was posted to the staff of the "General der Jagdflieger" as Inspector of Day Fighters, Eastern Front. Arguably Adolf Galland's decision to appoint Lützow was motivated to get him out of the "line of fire".
In July 1943 Oberst Lützow became Inspector of Day Fighters, Italian Front, based in Naples. He then commanded "1. Jagd-Division" at Döberitz from September 1943 to March 1944, where he assumed command for day and night fighter operations in north western Germany, Holland and Belgium. "1. Jagd-Division" was under control of "1. Jagd-Korps" commanded by "Generalmajor" Joseph Schmid. Lützow was relieved of this command on 16 March 1944 because of personal differences with Schmid.
In late 1943 Lützow received news that his older brother, Korvettenkapitän Werner Lützow, commander of 4. Schnellbootflottille, had been killed in action on 25 October 1943.
Lützow became known as a central figure behind the "Fighter Pilots' Mutiny" in late 1944. This was an attempt to reinstate Adolf Galland who had been sacked as "General der Jagdflieger" for outspokenness regarding the Luftwaffe high command. The behavior of Lützow and the other leading pilots was regarded as mutiny by Göring, who relieved him of command and had Lützow posted to Italy to take over "Jagdfliegerführer Oberitalien".
Lützow later joined Adolf Galland’s JV 44 and recorded two victories flying the Me 262 jet fighter, but was posted missing on 24 April 1945 while attempting to intercept a USAAF B-26 Marauder raid near Donauwörth. A B-26 was shot down by Lützow. His body and aircraft were never recovered.
Günther Lützow was credited with 110 victories, achieved in over 300 combat operations. He scored 5 victories during the Spanish Civil War, 20 victories over the Western Front and 85 victories over the Eastern Front.

</doc>
<doc id="9665678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665678" title="Violet Gordon-Woodhouse">
Violet Gordon-Woodhouse

Violet Gordon-Woodhouse (23 April 18729 January 1948) was an acclaimed British harpsichordist and clavichordist, highly influential in bringing both instruments back into fashion. She was the first person to record the harpsichord, and the first to broadcast harpsichord music.
Family.
Violet Kate Eglinton Gwynne was born into a wealthy family with an estate in Sussex, England. She was the sister of Rupert Gwynne, MP for Eastbourne from 1910 to 1924, and Roland Gwynne, Mayor of Eastbourne from 1929 to 1931, who is thought to have been the lover of suspected serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams. Among her nieces was the renowned cookery writer, Elizabeth David.
Violet broke off an engagement to a viscount when human sexuality was explained to her. In 1895 she entered into a mariage blanc with Gordon Woodhouse. His reasons for entering into the marriage are not clear, but he gave Violet the freedom to perform in public, and also to take lovers. In 1899 William "Bill" Barrington (heir to a viscountcy) moved into the marital house. He was joined in 1903 by Max Labouchere, and then, a little time later, by Dennis Tollemache. Barrington was once asked about this arrangement by Violet's niece, Katherine Ayling, and whether the 'ménage-à-cinq' ever argued. He answered: "Yes, Denis and Max once - about a cricket match". This open marriage arrangement was referred to in society circles as the 'Woodhouse circus'.
Career.
Originally, Violet played the piano, but she rose to fame playing the harpsichord and clavichord. An important influence on her was Arnold Dolmetsch, a pioneer of the early music revival, who began making copies of old keyboard instruments in the 1890s. Dolmetsch supplied Violet with instruments and gave her instruction on how to play them. In 1899 Violet performed Bach's Concerto for Three Harpsichords in C at a public concert in London. The other two harpsichordists in the Bach were Elodie Desirée (the second Mrs Dolmetsch) and Dolmetsch himself. Dolmetsch worked abroad in the early twentieth century, but Violet resumed her collaboration with him in 1910. As well as early music repertoire Violet, played music by nineteenth century composers and living composers such as Delius, who dedicated a harpsichord piece to her. Some recordings of her playing survive.
She taught the Australian keyboard player Valda Aveling.
Later years.
By the 1920s the menage was reduced to three. Violet and Gordon acquired Lypiatt Manor, where they moved with Bill. The household finances improved after Gordon's sisters were murdered by their butler, resulting in an inheritance for Gordon in 1926. Violet reduced her public performances.
As Violet aged, she took on more extreme views. During the 1930s she was often heard making anti-semitic rants and admiring Adolf Hitler.
After Violet's death in 1948, Gordon and Bill remained at Lypiatt Manor until Gordon's death in 1951.
In popular culture.
She was close to many of the leading artists of her day, including, amongst others; Ethel Smyth, Siegfried Sassoon, Poldowski (Lady Dean Paul) and George Bernard Shaw. Welsh tramp poet W. H. Davies often visited her harpsichiord recitals and also dined, with the Sitwells, at Nether Lypiatt.

</doc>
<doc id="9665698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665698" title="Seibu Yamaguchi Line">
Seibu Yamaguchi Line

The of Seibu Railway is a manually operated people mover that runs between in Higashimurayama, Tokyo and Seibu-Kyūjōmae Station in Tokorozawa, Saitama in Japan. The line has an official nickname Leo Liner, after 'Leo', the hero of "Kimba the White Lion", who is also the mascot of Seibu Lions baseball team. The line is the only people mover that is operated by major private railway companies.
History.
In 1950, the predecessor of the line opened as an attraction ride called , running through the amusement area developed by Seibu Railway and its allies. On 762 mm gauge, Battery-powered locomotives were used at the time. In 1952, it legally became a train line, with the official name Seibu Yamaguchi Line. In 1984, Yamaguchi Line of then steam and battery powered railway closed, and mostly on the same route new people mover line opened in the next year.
Service.
All trains stop at all stations.

</doc>
<doc id="9665709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665709" title="New South Wales 49 class locomotive">
New South Wales 49 class locomotive

The 49 class are a class of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering, Granville for the New South Wales Government Railways between 1960 and 1964.
History.
The 49 class was ordered in three batches each of six locomotives. They entered service in the Western Region of New South Wales and hauled trains on all branchlines as well as mainlines west of Lithgow. They periodically travelled as far a field as Moree in the north-west and Cootamundra in the south-west.
Between July and November 1989 the whole class was transferred to Delec Locomotive Depot in Sydney. As well as metropolitan trip workings they were used on coal trains to Tahmoor on the Main South line. In January 1994 they began to operate on the South Coast line to Bombo on ballast trains.
In June 1994 the Manildra Group leased 4907 from FreightCorp for use at its Gunnedah mill. Later in 1994 Manildra purchased 4907 along with 4913 and had them rebuilt by Clyde Engineering, Kelso with lower No.1 ends, the second being for use at their Manildra mill. To haul infrastructure trains in Victoria during the Melbourne-Adelaide railway standard gauge conversion project, 4903, 4912 and 4916 were leased to National Rail in late 1994.
In February 1995 the remaining examples still in service with FreightCorp were withdrawn. Most were returned to traffic later in 1995 before again being withdrawn in July 1997. In April 1998 4910 was leased for seven months to Northern Rivers Railroad hauling services between Grafton and Murwillumbah.
By 1999 the 49s had begun to be sold with 3801 Limited, Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia, Consolidated Rail Leasing, Patrick Portlink and Southern Shorthaul Railroad among those to have operated them, with many having had more than one owner post FreightCorp. Northern Rivers Railroad purchased a number, although none entered service. They were either resold or stripped for spares with the bogies off some used to regauge Queensland Railways 1502 class locomotives when converted to the 423 class. Today a number remain in use with Consolidated Rail Leasing, Manildra Group and Southern Shorthaul Railroad. Preserved examples are operated by the Lachlan Valley Railway, New South Wales Rail Transport Museum and 3801 Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="9665728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665728" title="Leoliner">
Leoliner

Leoliner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9665799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665799" title="1968–69 British Home Championship">
1968–69 British Home Championship

The 1968-69 British Home Championship was the third edition of the tournament to be held while England were World Champions following their victory in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. The tournament was reverted to its pre-First World War format, being played at the end of the season in a short period of time, to relax the demands on the players during the competitive season. England re-emphasised their dominance over the British game with a second comfortable win in a row. The tournament began with the favourites England and Scotland securing comfortable (if dramatic) wins over their weaker opponents, before England repeated the feat in a tougher game against Wales and Scotland were held to a draw by the Irish. Going into the final game needing a win, the Scots were thoroughly beaten by a strong English team, who took the trophy in a 4–1 victory.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9665803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665803" title="Safety Network International e.V.">
Safety Network International e.V.

Safety Network International e.V. is an association that is based in Ostfildern and is registered at Esslingen district court.
Origin.
Safety Network International e.V. was established by eight founding companies: ASK Systems GmbH, Dürr AG, Daimler AG, EMG Automation GmbH, Festo AG & Co.KG., SICK AG, Pilz GmbH & Co.KG. and Volkswagen AG. It was established in 1999 under the name "SafetyBUS p Club International e.V." In 2006 the association changed its name to Safety Network International e.V. Almost 70 companies and institutions are now members of Safety Network International e.V. (as of 2013).
In addition to the headquarters in Germany there are also the following regional organisations of the Safety Network International e.V.
Objectives.
The purpose of the association is to promote the use and dissemination of the safety-related bus system SafetyBUS p and the industrial communication system SafetyNET p . A further objective of the association is to promote integration of the safety-related bus system SafetyBUS p and the industrial communication system SafetyNET p into existing and future automation technologies. Members of the association work together in the Security Workgroup, Infrastructure Committee and Implementation Committee. This is where members discuss common viewpoints, define standards and formulate recommendations. Since 2007 Safety Network International e.V. has been a "Liaison D" member of the IEC and is committed to working on standards. The association publishes its own magazine on safety and automation under the name “Connected”.

</doc>
<doc id="9665813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665813" title="Atepomarus">
Atepomarus

Atepomarus in Celtic Gaul was a healing god. Mauvières (Indre), Apollo was associated with this god in the form Apollo Atepomarus.
At some of Apollo's healing sanctuaries (as at Sainte-Sabine, Burgundy) small figurines of horses were associated with him. 
The root "epo" refers to the word for "horse", and the epithet is sometimes translated as "Great Horseman" or "possessing a great horse". 

</doc>
<doc id="9665830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665830" title="Raymond Otim">
Raymond Otim

Raymond Otim (born 21 October 1986) in Kampala) is an Ugandan cricketer who played in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland and the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka. He has also played in List A cricket for Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="9665838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665838" title="Nutrisystem">
Nutrisystem

Nutrisystem, headquartered in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, is a commercial provider of weight loss products and services. Initially, the company offered weight loss counseling and products in brick and mortar centers. In 1999, the company moved to a direct-to-consumer business model, selling its products and programs on the Internet and through a call center via 1-800 numbers. Nutrisystem’s programs have been sold on the QVC television home shopping network since 2001 and in Costco stores since 2009. The company entered the retail arena in 2012 with the launch of its "Everyday" line of breakfast and snack items in Kroger grocery stores. In April 2013, the company began selling its five-day "Jumpstart" line in Walmart stores.
Products.
The company states that its mission is to provide a weight loss program based on quality foods and a nutritionally balanced meal plan. The foundation of all Nutrisystem programs is the home delivery of portion-controlled entrees and snacks. Customers supplement these packaged foods with grocery foods, including vegetables, fruits, and dairy items. When followed, the diet is low in glycemic index and provides nutrition consistent with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans – 2010. Resources are also available for increasing physical activity and obtaining behavioral support.
Meal plans.
Separate plans are offered for women and men, at calorie levels that support a weight loss of 1–2 lb/week (approximately 1200 calories per day for women and 1500 per day for men). Approximately 52%, 26%, and 22% of calories come from carbohydrate, protein, and fat, respectively. All plans contain at least 28 g of fiber per day, and have no more than 85 g of sugar, 170 mg of cholesterol, and 2300 mg of sodium per day. 
Under its current program, Nutrisystem Success, the company offers four categories of weight loss plans: standard plans for women and men, Nutrisystem D (a plan designed for people with diabetes or prediabetes that meets the nutrition guidelines of the American Diabetes Association ); Nutrisystem Silver (a plan targeting heart health); and Nutrisystem for Teens (a plan for adolescents age 14–17 years old who are above the 85th percentile for body mass index). Many special dietary needs can be accommodated (e.g., low-sodium, vegetarian), whereas others cannot (e.g., allergies to peanuts or soy, celiac disease). 
Food.
The Nutrisystem program provides over 150 menu choices in four categories: breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks/desserts. Most options are shelf-stable products which include bars, muffins, pretzel snacks and pancake mix, as well as microwavable soups and dinner entrees. All shelf-stable microwaveable entrees are developed through retort preparation, which uses heat and pressure to cook food in a strong, sealed package (like a can or pouch). This preparation method allows for safe holding at room temperature and minimizes the need for added preservatives or sodium. Nutrisystem also has a line of frozen food choices available called “Nutrisystem Select.”
The Nutrisystem products provide approximately 60% of daily calorie needs. The remaining 40% of daily calorie intake comes from grocery foods, which the customer purchases separately. These grocery food additions include fresh fruits and vegetables and low-fat dairy and protein sources. The program provides specific guidance on how to choose and when to use these grocery additions.
Physical activity.
Although dietary intervention is the primary focus of the program, Nutrisystem encourages customers to increase their physical activity. "My Daily 3," Nutrisystem's exercise guidelines, encourages customers to complete at least the equivalent of three 10-minute bouts of moderate-intensity activity per day. Customers who choose to set exercise goals are given targets for aerobic and strength training activities at the beginner, intermediate, and advanced levels. Online resources in support of customers’ activity goals include sample workouts, articles, discussion boards, tips, and exercise trackers. Nutrisystem recommends that customers consult with a health professional before beginning a new fitness program.
Behavioral support and additional resources.
Because Nutrisystem is not offered in brick-and-mortar centers or clinics, behavioral support is not available in face-to-face interactions. The program, however, includes several resources intended to promote motivation, behavior change, and success.
Counseling.
Customers have free access to trained counselors via telephone, online chat, and email. Nutrisystem D customers, additionally, are given access to certified diabetes educators, who are registered nurses or registered dietitians. Contact with counselors is initiated by the customer and is not regularly scheduled as a required part of the program.
Self-monitoring tools.
Research on weight loss programs has consistently found that self-monitoring (i.e., keeping track of weight-related behaviors) is related to losing more weight. Nutrisystem provides paper, online, and mobile device applications to encourage customers to record their food intake and physical activity. Customers can also keep track of their progress (weight loss and changes in measurements) on the company’s website.
Behavior modification guide.
“Mindset Makeover,” Nutrisystem’s behavior modification guide, is used in all programs except Nutrisystem for Teens. This guide covers 13 topics – related to making mental and behavioral changes in support of weight control – that are intended to be completed over 13 weeks. Customers can access the guide in its interactive form online or download a copy of the guide in .pdf format. Alternative behavioral materials were developed for the Nutrisystem for Teens program. Separate guides are available for the teen participant and the responsible parent or guardian.
Peer support.
The Nutrisystem website supports an online community, which allows members to participate in discussion boards and chats with their peers or to keep a blog if they wish to do so. Participation in the online community is not a required aspect of the program.
Additional resources.
Other resources available on the member website are largely educational or intended to help customers adhere to program recommendations. They include: nutrition, health and wellness articles; daily tips; online recipe center; printable list of recommended grocery foods; comprehensive dining out guides
Cost.
The company's weight loss plans include 28 days’ worth of breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snack entrees, and are sold on three tiers, which Nutrisystem calls Basic, Core, and Select. The Basic-level plans include a pre-configured menu of shelf-stable Nutrisystem foods, which is not customizable. The Core-level plans allow customization of shelf-stable foods and include free access to counselors. The Select-level plans additionally include frozen foods. At the time of writing (January 11, 2013), 28-day packages ranged in price from $230 for the Basic version of the Nutrisystem Success plan for women to $290 for the Select version of the Nutrisystem D plan for men. Note that Nutrisystem customers must purchase additional grocery foods (e.g., fruit, vegetables, dairy) to complete the meal plans. 
Discounts and promotions are frequently offered as an incentive to join the program. A common promotion is the inclusion of multiple weeks of “free” food typically divided among a corresponding number of months. Customers who enroll in the “auto delivery” option (i.e., subsequent shipments of food are delivered without further action by the customer) receive free shipping and a discount of approximately 10% off the month-to-month price. A long-term contract is not required, but purchasing fewer than two orders on “auto delivery” will result in a retroactive charge for any auto-delivery discount plus the cost of shipping on the first order.
Effectiveness.
Individual testimonials and celebrity endorsements.
For the majority of the company's existence, Nutrisystem’s results were communicated solely in the form of before-and-after photos and testimonials from individual customers.
Research on program components.
Increasing the structure of a low-calorie diet has been found to improve weight loss when compared to a low-calorie diet of self-selected foods. Use of portion-controlled foods and structured meal plans are two means to that end, both of which are incorporated into Nutrisystem's weight control programs. The primary concern related to this approach is long-term sustainability. No studies have compared long-term adherence to structured, versus unstructured, low-calorie diet plans.
Nutrisystem's low-calorie diet is also low in glycemic index. Whether reducing the glycemic index of a low-calorie diet improves weight loss has been the subject of considerable debate. The empirical evidence is mixed. Whereas a meta-analysis showed a small but significant weight loss advantage of approximately 2 lb, several larger studies that were subsequently published found no additional weight loss benefit. For persons with diabetes, however, the evidence suggests a greater reduction in HbA1c with a low-glycemic index diet, compared with a higher-glycemic index diet that produces the same weight loss.
Research on Nutrisystem programs.
Two randomized controlled trials have examined the effects of Nutrisystem D on weight and other cardiovascular risk factors among people with type 2 diabetes. The first of these studies, published in 2009, was a 3-month comparison of Nutrisystem D plus weekly counseling sessions versus a control intervention that included education and support sessions related to diabetes Those who received the Nutrisystem D intervention achieved an average weight loss of 18.1 lb (representing a 7.1% reduction in body weight), compared with 1.3 lb in the control group. They also achieved significantly more favorable changes in HbA1c (−0.88% vs. +0.03%), fasting blood glucose (−35 vs. -7.4 mg/dl) systolic blood pressure (−5.9 vs. +3.6 mmHg), triglycerides (−44 vs. +6 mg/dl), and total cholesterol (−22.3 vs. -1.8 mg/dl). 
The second randomized trial compared Nutrisystem D with a structured program of diabetes self-management education. All participants had type 2 diabetes and all received their intervention in nine sessions delivered over 6 months. As in the previous study, changes in weight, diabetes control, and other metabolic outcomes were significantly more favorable in the group that received Nutrisystem D.
A third clinical trial examined the effects of the Nutrisystem D program on multiple glycemic outcomes among people with type 2 diabetes. Using continuous glucose monitoring, subjects were found to have significantly lower average blood glucose and have a significantly smaller standard deviation of blood glucose values (indicating less variability in blood glucose) during consumption of Nutrisystem D, compared with their usual diet. Additionally, participants experienced less hyperglycemia, without significantly increasing the occurrence of hypoglycemia, during consumption of the Nutrisystem D meal plan.
Nutrisystem researchers have examined the "real world" effects of the company's weight loss programs by analyzing customer data. Customers who entered their weight online at the time of initial program enrollment and again after 3 or 6 months were found to lose an average of 18.2 lb (an 8.3% reduction in body weight) at 3 months and 27.2 lb (a 12.1% reduction) at 6 months. Of note, the sample size fell substantially from 3 months (n = 103,693) to 6 months (n = 32,280). Thus, these results are more representative of a per-protocol analysis than to an intent-to-treat analysis.
Maintenance of weight loss.
Reviews of the Nutrisystem program criticize the company’s approach as not conducive to long-term weight control. For example, the review on webmd.com states, “Dieters may only experience success while they are ordering the prepackaged foods because once they are on their own, they are faced with the real world of cooking, meal preparation, and issues they are not prepared to handle because they were not addressed on the plan." In response to concerns such as these, Nutrisystem began offering “transition” plans in 2011. The idea behind these plans is to help customers continue following the principles of the Nutrisystem program (portion-controlled, low-GI eating) after they no longer purchase pre-packaged foods from the company. This is achieved by allowing customers to select partial programs (e.g., exclude pre-packaged dinners from their orders) and offering portion-control tools and recipes that are consistent with the nutrition profile of the main weight loss program. Weight loss maintenance results from customers who use these programs have not yet been published.

</doc>
<doc id="9665841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665841" title="Osyotr River">
Osyotr River

Osyotr River () is a river in Tula and Moscow Oblasts in Russia, a right tributary of the Oka River. The length of the river is 228 km. The area of its basin is 3,480 km². The Osyotr freezes up in November and stays icebound until the first half of April. The town of Zaraysk is located on the Osyotr River.

</doc>
<doc id="9665846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665846" title="Calcutta Group">
Calcutta Group

The Calcutta Group was the first group of modern artists in India, formed in 1943 in Kolkata. Its leading members included the sculptor Pradosh Das Gupta and the painters Subho Tagore, Paritosh Sen, Gopal Ghose, Nirode Mazumdar and Zainul Abedin. The group held exhibitions from 1945, and held a joint exhibition in 1950 with the Progressive Artists' Group in Bombay (which became more influential).
Sen outlived his co-founders.

</doc>
<doc id="9665852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665852" title="Eastbourne Bandstand">
Eastbourne Bandstand

The Eastbourne Bandstand is a bandstand on the seafront of the East Sussex coastal town of Eastbourne. The Bandstand with attached colonnade and viewing decks. Built in 1935 to the designs of the Borough Council Engineer, Leslie Rosevere. Neo-Grec style, constructed of cream faience with some decorative blue, green and black faience, with its unique semi-circular design and blue domed roof; there is no other in the United Kingdom. It has a main arena, middle and upper balconies for seating and originally seated 3,500 but with current health and safety laws this has been reduced to 1,600.
The building of the bandstand formed part of the main seafront improvements, the bandstand itself cost £28,000 and was surmounted with a stainless steel spire. The project engineer was Leslie Rosevere. The first concerts were given on the 28 July 1935 with a total of 10,400 attending all three concerts and paying 3d each. With an audience of 8,000, the bandstand was officially opened on the 5 August 1935 by the Lord Lieutenant of the county, Lord Leconfield.
For many years the bandstand played host to a full programme of military bands. On a daily basis the bands would play from Easter until the end of October. Over the years this was reduced, mainly because audience number was dropping and in 2001 action had to be taken as the costs of the military bands were far out weighing the audience reception. The local civilian bands were attracting similar audiences to those of military. It was therefore decided that the military band be cut further. If the bandstand were to survive as a musical entertainment venue, new audiences and entertainments had to be found. The introduction of big band nights, rock 'n' roll, Last Night of the Proms and 1812 Firework Night was a significant component of the filling of the financial gap. In 2006, these actions saw the introduction of tribute concerts, which were hugely successful, resulting in the attraction of a significantly larger audience, reviving the bandstand.
The bandstand to this day plays an important part in the musical entertainment on the south coast offering around 150 concerts per year.
There is a commemorative plaque at the rear of the current bandstand in memory of Eastbourne bandsman John Wesley Woodward, who was one of those playing on the Titanic when it sank on 15 April 1912.
In recent years the bandstand has featured in numerous television programmes such as Foyle's War, and is shown in the opening sequence of BBC South East Today.

</doc>
<doc id="9665889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665889" title="Mobile enterprise">
Mobile enterprise

Mobile enterprise is general term to describe a corporation or large organization that supports critical business functions and use of business applications via wireless mobile devices. In a mobile enterprise, employees use mobile devices to do any or all of the following: access email, manage projects, manage documents, provide customer relationship management, conduct enterprise resource planning, fill out invoices and receipts, accounting vouchers, work orders, purchase orders, etc. and manage a corporate calendar and address book. These are the most common applications though many other corporate mobile applications are being developed and used by organizations around the world. 
A mobile enterprise generally implies aggressive use of mobile technology facilitated by Internet-based data transmissions. As long as wireless network connectivity is available, enterprise databases can be remotely accessed and updated from anywhere in the world, at anytime, with any device equipped with a Web browser and by anyone with permission to access such services. A mobile enterprise leverages existing Internet infrastructure and TCP/IP installations. In a mobile enterprise, mobile clients are at parity with other traditional clients such as laptop and desktop computers. The emphasis is on expedient data interchange and communication; little or no emphasis is placed on the method of access.
Benefits.
A mobile enterprise is generally accepted to confer benefits in the areas of higher workforce productivity and employee satisfaction. Faster decision-making is another often cited benefit that results from employees having access to real-time data at the point of action, for example, during a meeting. Therefore, mobile knowledge workers (such as consultants) are one of the groups among employees which is equipped with mobile devices by their organization. However, the strategic adoption of mobile devices in enterprises often also requires a change managent process. Use of mobile applications in the workplace can increase worker productivity by as much as 45 percent.
Security is not a major concern anymore, since critical data is stored on servers in highly secured data centers. The mobile devices are used as terminals for information access and updates only. TLS (see IETF RFC 5246) and its predecessor SSL (see IETF RFC 6101) security protocol is deployed between the web server and the web browser on the end user device. Lost devices is not a problem since both the data and the programs reside on the servers housed in the data centers and not on the mobile devices.
According to an article in CRM Guidebooks:
A recent Yankee Group survey “Anywhere Enterprise–Large: U.S. Mobility and Applications Survey” identified that businesses can realize the following advantages from mobile business apps:
Disadvantages.
The mobile enterprise depends entirely on the Internet as its infrastructure. The system breaks down when a user cannot connect to the Internet. The system does not work in places where Internet service is not available. The system is disrupted whenever the Internet suffers a disruption such as when underwater data cables are damaged by earthquakes as in the case of the 2006 Hengchun earthquake or 2008 submarine cable disruption in the Middle East that disrupted internet service between the Middle East and Europe.
The move to a more mobile, and dispersed, workplace is also resulting in changes to the definition of a successful employee. Some individuals, often called "self starters", can be highly effective working remotely without the influence of workmates or oversight of bosses in the same location. Others cannot, some even finding it difficult to start and complete projects without the social environment of the co-located workplace. Managers evaluating current and prospective employees must take these changes into account as they assign employees to their evolving mobile environments, attempting to match traits to workplace to maximize each employee's potential. 
Minimalistic approach.
As for all mobile applications, bandwidth economy is a major consideration. Simplicity and minimalism is of utmost importance to reduce upload and download time for best user experience. 

</doc>
<doc id="9665913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665913" title="Tupelo Public School District">
Tupelo Public School District

The Tupelo Public School District is a public school district based in Tupelo, Mississippi (USA).
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 7,190 students enrolled in the Tupelo Public School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 46.24% African American, 49.86% White, 2.21% Hispanic, 1.66% Asian, and 0.03% Native American. 42.2% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9665925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665925" title="Pronya River">
Pronya River

Pronya is the name of several rivers:

</doc>
<doc id="9665940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665940" title="Joyce Gemayel">
Joyce Gemayel

Joyce Gemayel () (neė Joyce Tyan) is the wife of former president of Lebanon, Amin Gemayel (1982-1988), and mother of the assassinated politician Pierre Amine Gemayel, and Samy Gemayel.
Personal life.
Joyce Tyan married Amine Gemayel in 1967, becoming part "of one of Lebanon's most prominent Christian political dynasties." They have three children, Pierre, Sami and Nicole. 
Assassination of her son, Pierre Gemayel.
Pierre Gemayel was assassinated on 21 November 2006. Images of Joyce Gemayel grieving her son were widely used in global media reports, illustrating the "tears and cries of anger" of the mourners. Subsequently, and alongside her husband, Gemayel spoke out against political killings in Lebanon, and encouraged Christian Lebanese to be "united" in opposition to Syrian influence in the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="9665988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665988" title="Anti-bureaucratic revolution">
Anti-bureaucratic revolution

The Anti-Bureaucratic Revolution was a campaign of street protests ran between 1986 and 1989 in former Yugoslavia by supporters of Serbian leader Slobodan Milošević. The protests, termed "Rallies of Truth", overthrew governments of the Serbian autonomous provinces of Vojvodina and Kosovo, as well as the government of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro, and replaced them with allies of Milošević.
The name is derived from the proclaimed revolt against bureaucratic and corrupt governing structures, but the campaign is widely considered as orchestrated by Milošević, in an attempt to strengthen his power through populism, and the expansion of his centralised influence.
The events were condemned by communist governments of western Yugoslav republics (especially SR Slovenia and SR Croatia), who successfully resisted the attempts to expand the "revolution" onto their territories, and turned against Milošević. The rising antagonism eventually resulted in dissolution of the ruling League of Communists of Yugoslavia in 1990, and subsequently in the breakup of Yugoslavia.
Prelude: Milošević's rise to power.
Milošević took control of Yugoslav Communist League's Serbian branch in September 1987, when his faction won over its opposition led by Ivan Stambolić. His rise to power coincided with Serbo-Albanian tensions in Kosovo, as Kosovo Serbs felt oppressed by Albanians and the Albanian-dominated leadership of the province. The tensions were further boosted by inflammatory reports in the Serbian media.
According to the 1974 Yugoslav constitution, the two autonomous provinces of Serbia (Vojvodina and Kosovo) were largely independent from the central Serbian government, with both of them holding a seat in the Yugoslav Presidency, on par with the six constituent republics of Yugoslavia. In effect, their status was almost equivalent to republics' which enabled provincial leaderships of Kosovo and Vojvodina to lead practically independent policies.
In late 1987 and 1988, a populist campaign started in Serbia which described that situation as untenable. Provincial leaderships were being accused of bureaucratic inefficiency and alienation from the people. Popular slogans like "Oh Serbia in three parts, you will be whole again" (Ој Србијо из три дела поново ћеш бити цела, "oj Srbijo iz tri dela ponovo ćeš biti cela") caught up. The atmosphere was further stirred up by numerous articles and readers' letters in Serbian press, the most notorious being "Politika"'s rubric "Odjeci i reagovanja" ("Echoes and reactions"), a letters to the editor column which was used as a type of astroturfing.
The main points of the campaign were the following theses:
Protests.
The mass protests started in February 1986, with several meetings of Kosovo Serbs in Belgrade and in Kosovo, pleading for a resolution of the problematic situation on Kosovo. These were relatively small, with 100-5,000 participants, and were mostly reactions to individual inter-ethnic incidents. The largest such protest was held in Kosovo Polje in April 1987, gathering around 20,000 people.
However, the outburst of protests began in the latter half of 1988. In June, the protest of workers of the Zmaj factory gathered 5,000 protestors; in July, meetings were held in seven towns with tens of thousands protesters, and in August in ten towns with 80,000 people. By September they spread to 39 towns with over 400,000 people.
October 1988: Vojvodina: Yogurt Revolution.
On 5 October 1988, around 150,000 people gathered in Novi Sad to protest against the Vojvodina provincial government. The gathering started a day earlier in the nearby town of Bačka Palanka, and, as "Politika" explained it, people "spontaneously" gathered and moved on to Novi Sad, the provincial capital. The protest in Bačka Palanka was led by Mihalj Kertes, a mid-level official of the Communist Party, an ethnic Hungarian who would later become famous for his remark "How can you Serbs be afraid of Serbia when I, a Hungarian, am not afraid of Serbia?" (and later still, as Milošević's money man). Protesters from Novi Sad and other parts of Serbia gathered in huge numbers, and began the protest in front of the provincial Parliament of Vojvodina.
The provincial leadership, led by Milovan Šogorov, Boško Krunić and Živan Berisavljević, were caught by surprise. Before the event, they tried to compromise and negotiate with Milošević, expressing cautious support for the constitutional changes while trying to keep their and Vojvodina's position intact. However, the avalanche of media campaign orchestrated from Belgrade was about to overwhelm them; they were labelled as power-hungry "armchairers" ("foteljaši") and "autonomists" ("autonomaši").
The Vojvodina government then cut off power and water supply to protesters, a move which enraged them further still, and caused even more people from Novi Sad and its vicinity to join. When power was restored, they tried a different tactic: in order to cheer the demonstrators up, they gave them bread and yogurt. However, thousands of yogurt packages were soon thrown at the Parliament building by angry protesters. That term "Yogurt Revolution" for the protest was named after that episode.
On October 6, the entire collective leadership of Vojvodina resigned and were soon replaced with Milošević's men of trust Nedeljko Šipovac, Radovan Pankov and Radoman Božović.
Ušće rally.
The rally in Belgrade, at Ušće (the large field at confluence of Sava River into Danube) was held on November 19, 1988. According to the state press, it gathered about a million people, and according to others, several hundred thousands. It was conceived as a "mother of all rallies", and a huge crowd of people come from all parts of Serbia by public and factory buses taken just for this opportunity. Milošević reaffirmed his and Serbia's confinement to the principles of liberty and Serbian equity within Yugoslavia:
We will win the battle for Kosovo regardless of the obstacles placed in front of us in the country and abroad. So, we will win regardless of the uniting of our enemies from abroad and those in the country. And that this nation will win the battle for freedom, is a fact well-known even to the Turkish and German conquerors.
October 1988–January 1989: Montenegro.
Rallies and media were also similarly used in Montenegro with the first rally in support of Kosovo Serbs and Kosovo Montenegrins taking place in Titograd on 20 August 1988. The leadership of the Montenegrin Communist League was on the defense at the time, claiming that it was also "protecting Kosovo", but their restraint in direct support for Milošević was deemed not good enough by the putschists.
What eventually proved to be the coup's first act occurred on 7 October 1988 when Montenegrin police intervened against protesters in Žuta Greda demanding resignations from the Montenegrin leadership. In order to deal with the situation the leadership proclaimed the state of emergency. The state of emergency didn't last long though, as it was taken as act of hostility towards Serbia by media outlets controlled by Milošević as well as Milošević's supporters in Montenegro.
The second act started with joint rallies consisting of workers from Radoje Dakić, a state-owned factory, and Veljko Vlahović University students. On 10 January 1989, over 10,000 protesters gathered in Titograd. The old leadership, confused and disorganised, soon gave in; none of them later played a significant political role. The new "young lions" of the Montenegro, Momir Bulatović, Milo Đukanović and Svetozar Marović, became the new leadership, strongly allied with Milošević in the years to come. The League of Communists of Montenegro was subsequently transformed by the "triumvirate" who had full control over the (Socialist) Republic of Montenegro into the Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro, which vigorously maintained its grip over Montenegro and does so to this day more than 20 years later.
Toppling of Kosovar leadership.
Azem Vllasi and Kaqusha Jashari, the two top-ranked Kosovo politicians, were replaced in November 1988. The Albanian population of Kosovo grew restless, and in February 1989 they engaged in a general strike, particularly manifesting itself in the 1989 Kosovo miners' strike. Meanwhile, on February 28, another major rally was held in Belgrade, where the chants "We want weapons" and "Arrest Vllasi" were heard, and three days later, Vllasi was indeed placed under arrest.
Gazimestan rally.
The largest rally of all was held at Gazimestan on 28 June 1989, gathering two million according to "Politika".
Action North.
When the "revolution" was attempted in Ljubljana, Slovenia in December 1989, in an action named "Action North" Slovene police forces with the help of Croatian police forces prevented it and the action can be considered the first Slovenian defense action against the Milošević's supporters attacks, leading to Slovenian independence.
Aftermath.
The anti-bureaucratic revolution affected the balance of power in the Presidency of Yugoslavia. Serbia's Borisav Jović (at the time the President of the Presidency), Montenegro's Nenad Bućin, Vojvodina's Jugoslav Kostić and Kosovo's Riza Sapunxhiu, started to form a voting bloc. In August 1990 the Croatian Parliament replaced its representative Stipe Šuvar with Stjepan Mesić in the wake of the Log Revolution. Mesić was only seated in October 1990 because of protests from the Serbian side, and then joined Macedonia's Vasil Tupurkovski, Slovenia's Janez Drnovšek and Bosnia and Herzegovina's Bogić Bogićević in opposing the demands to proclaim a general state of emergency, which would have allowed the Yugoslav People's Army to impose martial law in March 1991. When Sapunxhiu 'defected' his faction in the final vote, Jović briefly resigned and returned, Bućin was replaced with Branko Kostić, and Sapunxhiu with Sejdo Bajramović, effectively deadlocking the Presidency. Soon the country descended into the Yugoslav Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="9665994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9665994" title="Brainfog">
Brainfog

Brainfog may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9666008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666008" title="National Korean American Service &amp; Education Consortium">
National Korean American Service &amp; Education Consortium

The National Korean American Service & Education Consortium (NAKASEC, and 미주한인봉사교육단체협의회 or 미교협 in Korean) is a national service, advocacy and education organization for two non-profit multi-issue grassroots local community centers: the Korean American Resource & Cultural Center in Chicago and the Korean Resource Center in Los Angeles. NAKASEC is based in Los Angeles and a D.C. office opened in late 2008.
NAKASEC was founded in 1994 by local community centers to project a national progressive voice and promote the full participation of Korean Americans as a part of a greater goal of building a national movement for social change. NAKASEC was one of the major players in the Korean American community during the restoration movement after the welfare reform of 1996 through the ""Fix '96" Campaign" and continues to be active in the immigration reform debate.
History.
KRC along with other centers in Seattle, Washington, DC, Houston and other cities, were established in the early 1980s by political activists who escaped South Korea after Chun Doo-hwan's military leadership crushed the Gwangju People's Uprising in May 1980. From the onset, the center set as its goals the delivery of social services, community education, rights advocacy, and preservation and enrichment of traditional cultures and work on identity. During the 1980s, it focused its advocacy in solidarity work with the democratization movement of South Korea, exposing grave human rights violations committed by the Chun regime. Because of its open challenge to the then dictatorial state of South Korea, KRC was a target of covert repression and kidnap attempts by the KCIA and the Korean Consulate.
With the Los Angeles Civil Unrest of 1992 and the anti-immigrant wave that swept across California with Proposition 187 in 1994, KRC steered its direction to issues of the Korean American community in Los Angeles, particularly around political education, civil rights and the defense of immigrant rights. In 1994, KRC and other sister centers across the United States, including YKASEC in New York and KRCC in Chicago, founded the National Korean American Service and Education Consortium (NAKASEC, 미주한인봉사교육단체협의회), a national civil rights organization with a progressive Korean American agenda. 
Under the leadership of NAKASEC, centers fought against Proposition 187, held community education on issues of race, and formed a broad coalition in the Korean American community against the Welfare Reform of 1996. Through a community fundraiser involving thousands of individuals, a full-page ad was posted in the Washington Post in 1997 demanding the president to end the attack on immigrants, and a campaign to restore welfare benefits for immigrants was launched in the late 90's, winning back various benefits for lawful permanent residents and other immigrants. Many Korean American seniors became politicized during this struggle for benefits.
NAKASEC coordinated a national two-week fast for the passage of the DREAM Act in 2004 with the participation of 700 individuals, and held a summer community fundraising campaign, gaining the monetary contribution of 14,000 individuals, to post a full-page ad in the New York Times and Washington Post urging the American public to support comprehensive immigration reform based on the principles of legalization of undocumented immigrants, an end to measures that prevented many families to be together, and the defense of workers' rights and civil rights & liberties.
Korean American Resource & Cultural Center.
The Korean American Resource & Cultural Center (KRCC for short, and 한인교육문화 마당집 or 마당집 in Korean) was founded in March 1995. KRCC has a strong youth program and leadership has worked broadly in a multi-racial and multi-ethnic environment. KRCC is member of a number of local coalitions, including the Coalition of Asian, African, Arab, European and Latino Immigrants of Illinois and the Illinois Coalition of Immigrant and Refugee Rights.
Korean Resource Center.
The Korean Resource Center (KRC for short, and 민족학교 in Korean) is a non-profit multi-issue, multi-mode grassroots organization based in Koreatown, Los Angeles that works with the Korean American, immigrant and low-income people of color communities of Los Angeles. It was one of the major players in the Korean American community during the restoration movement after the welfare reform of 1996 through the ""Fix '96" Campaign" and more recently in issues of access to health services and immigration reform.
During the late 90's and early 2000s KRC diversified its rights advocacy component into specialized programs that addressed health, immigrant rights and voting rights. KRC was part of the March 25th Marches with a million protestors in downtown Los Angeles as well as other protests. NAKASEC joined other labor, faith, and rights organizations in Southern California to form the We Are America Coalition, which mobilized hundreds of thousands of immigrants and allies in the May Day March.
KRC has traditionally been supported by the Korean American community in its entirety and relied on small size individual donations, sales of used cans and garage sales to sustain its programs. A recent trend has been to rely more on foundation grants, but its tradition of community support is alive in its campaign fundraisers as well as its continuance of can and garage sales.
Community Groups.
KRC has a very strong and large senior age base because of its work with welfare rights and social services. KRC's anniversary booklet claims that KRC served over 5,000 Korean Americans free of charge during 2006, mostly through education and enrollment of Medicare Part D as well as Medi-Cal, low-income legal and tax services, naturalization, etc. Many seniors are active in all of KRC's components.
KRC runs its own poongmul troupe, called HanNuRi (traditional Korean peasant percussion music), and educates the community through its poongmul classes. KRC's poongmul troupe has become renowned in the activist community through its performance in rallies and cultural events.

</doc>
<doc id="9666012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666012" title="The Gublins (TV series)">
The Gublins (TV series)

The Gublins (1977) (also known as "The Gublin Legends") is a stop-motion children's television show from the producers of "Camberwick Green", "Trumpton" and "Chigley". The Gublins were chimp-like creations that featured in a series of Tall Stories, narrated in rhyming couplets to a simple acoustic soundtrack (most likely) provided by Freddie Phillips.
They were first broadcast as part of Noel Edmond's Multicoloured Swap Shop on BBC One.
There were thirteen episodes filmed although only twelve are known by name, they are:
Three of these stories appeared in the BBC Swap Shop Books (2,3 & 4) as photostories. There were also five photostory books published separately titled "Young Gublins Picture Storybooks". They were completely new stories called:

</doc>
<doc id="9666014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666014" title="Pachaimalai Hills">
Pachaimalai Hills

The Pachaimalai Hills, (Tamil : பச்சைமலை) also known as the Pachais, are hills which are part of the Eastern Ghats in Tamil Nadu in the Tiruchirappalli district. In the Tamil language, Pachai means green. They are much greener than some of the other hills in the vicinity. The VeeraRamar Dam is located in these hills on the Kallar River. The Tamil Nadu Government is planning to develop the hills into a tourist place.
Rivers include the Kallar and the Sweata Nadi. Waterfalls include Mangalam Aruvi, Koraiyar Falls and Mayil Uthu Falls. 
Indigenous tribes, such as the Malayalis, trade some of their surplus agricultural products, which grow in the hills, to towns below on the plains for items not available in the hills. Jackfruit is one popular seasonal agriculture product from this area.
Towns in the area:
Districts covered:

</doc>
<doc id="9666069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666069" title="Hamano Station">
Hamano Station

Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 3.4 kilometers from the terminus of the Uchibō Line at Soga Station. 
History.
Hamano Station was opened on March 28, 1912 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Kisarazu Line. On May 24, 1919, the line's name changed to the Hōjō Line, and on April 15, 1929 to the Bōsō Line and on April 1, 1933 to the Bōsōnishi Line. It became part of the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II, and the line was renamed the Uchibō Line from July 15, 1972. The station assumed its present name from March 31, 1974. Hamano Station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987. After schedule changes from December 2007, express trains connecting directly to the Keiyō Line and Sōbu Line also stop at this station. The platform length was extended from November 2007 to facilitate stopping of high speed trains.
Station layout.
Hamano station is an above-ground station with an elevated station building, and has two sets of tracks running around an island platform. The station has east and west exits, and has MARS computer terminals, automatic ticket machines, and automatic ticket gates.

</doc>
<doc id="9666072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666072" title="Thomas Howard (cricketer)">
Thomas Howard (cricketer)

Thomas Charles Howard (19 July 1781, Hartley Wintney, Hampshire – 18 May 1864, Hartley Row, Hartley Wintney, Hampshire) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1803 to 1828. He was mainly associated with Hampshire but also represented Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), where he was employed as a ground staff bowler. 
Howard was a right-handed batsman (RHB) and an occasional wicketkeeper but he was noted as a right arm fast medium bowler (RFM), using the underarm style. He made 88 known appearances in first-class cricket and is one of a handful of players who appeared for both teams in the Gentlemen v Players series.
Howard played for the Players in the inaugural and second Gentlemen v Players matches in 1806 and made further appearances for the Players to 1829. He also played for the Gentlemen as a given man in 1820, when his involvement in nine dismissals was a factor in their 70 run victory.

</doc>
<doc id="9666078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666078" title="William Phipps (actor)">
William Phipps (actor)

William Edward "Bill" Phipps (born February 4, 1922) is a retired American actor and producer, perhaps best known for his roles in dozens of classic sci-fi and westerns, both in films and on television.
Early years.
Hometown.
Phipps grew up in St. Francisville in Lawrence County in southeastern Illinois. By the time he was in high school, Phipps he was using his stepfather's last name of Couch. He developed a love of acting at a young age and performed in several plays in grade school and high school. One of the plays in which he performed, during his junior year of high school in 1937, was "Before Morning", a 1933 play made into a film that same year.
College.
After graduating from high school in 1939, he attended Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois, where he majored in accounting, was elected freshman class president, and served as head cheerleader. After two years of college, he moved to Hollywood, to pursue a career in acting and resumed his original last name of Phipps.
World War II.
During that same year, the United States entered into World War II, and Phipps enlisted in the United States Navy, serving as a radio operator on several ships all across the Pacific. He served three years, then settled in Los Angeles to begin his career. He enrolled in the Actors Lab in Hollywood, alongside fellow actor Russell Johnson.
Hollywood.
Phipps' big break came when he and Johnson were double-cast in a play at the Actors Lab. They drew straws to see which actor would perform in the matinée, and which would take the evening show. Phipps drew the evening show, which was attended that same evening by actor Charles Laughton. Laughton was impressed by Phipps' performance, and came backstage afterwards to ask Phipps to perform in Laughton's own play. Phipps' career took off, and he was soon in his first feature film, "Crossfire" (1947).
Phipps played the gunfighter Curly Bill Brocius in sixteen episodes from 1956 to 1961 of the ABC/Desilu western television series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", with Hugh O'Brian in the role of frontier deputy marshal Wyatt Earp. One of the episodes, "Let's Hang Curly Bill", is the story of an older marshal, Fred White (Sam Flint), who is mortally wounded when he takes the gun from a drunken Curly Bill, who is celebrating his birthday in a saloon in Tombstone, Arizona. A town mob demands that Curly Bill be hanged, but Earp puts dynamite under the main street to protect his prisoner until the trial. Earp must defend Curly Bill in court because it was White who accidentally caused Curly Bill's gun to discharge; White signed a statement prior to his death attesting to the circumstances of the tragic shooting.
Career break to Hawaii.
After nearly thirty years in the business, performing in film and television in a wide variety of roles, Phipps took a break from Hollywood and moved to Hawaii. While there, he hosted a movie presentation program called "Hollywood Oldies", on Maui's Cable 7.
After a little more than five years in Hawaii, he returned to Hollywood to portray President Theodore Roosevelt in the 1976 television movie "Eleanor and Franklin".
Highlights.
Phipps' career highlights include the speaking voice of Prince Charming in Disney's "Cinderella" (1950), the post-apocalyptic "Five" (1951) (his only leading role), "The War of the Worlds" (1953), narrating the television version of "Dune" (1984), and "" (1993).
Retirement and post-career.
Phipps' last movie role to date was in the 2000 independent film "Sordid Lives", in which he also served as one of the film's producers. In 2005, several of Phipps' films were the subject of an EIU film festival in his honor. He received an honorary doctorate from the university the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="9666124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666124" title="Raai Laxmi">
Raai Laxmi

Raai Laxmi (formerly Lakshmi Rai) is an Indian film actress appearing in South Indian films. She has appeared in many successful Tamil productions, most popular being "" and "Mankatha" (both 2011). Raai made her debut in Malayalam in 2007, starring in Rock N' Roll, which performed poorly at the box office. But she followed it up with several successful films such as "Annan Thambi" (2008), "2 Harihar Nagar" (2009), "Chattambinadu" (2009), "Evidam Swargamanu" (2009), "Oru Marubhoomikkadha" (2011) and "Mayamohini" (2012), thus establishing herself as a successful actress in the industry. She also enjoys popularity in Kannada and Telugu films, after appearing in "Kalpana" and "Adhinayakudu" (both 2012).
Early life and career.
Lakshmi Rai was born in Bangalore, Karnataka, and brought up at Belgaum. Her mother tongue is Tulu. She initially worked as a model before entering the film industry. She appeared in television ads such as Sylcon Footwears, Josco Jewellers, Saravana Stores, Emmanuel Silks, Bru Coffee and Fair & Lovely. 
She made her acting debut in 2005 in the Tamil film "Karka Kasadara". Subsequently she appeared in a number of Tamil films, including the comedy film "Kundakka Mandakka" (2005) opposite R. Parthiban, Perarasu's action-masala flick "Dharmapuri" (2006), and the romance film "Nenjai Thodu" (2007). In 2008, she began working in more serious films such as the drama film "Velli Thirai", in which she played herself, and the action thriller "Dhaam Dhoom" directed by Jeeva. She received positive feedbacks forher portrayal of a lawyer in the latter. A review from "Behindwoods" wrote: "The latter (Lakshmi Rai) sizzles even as she is supposed to play the court professional who is caught in the web of smuggling drugs". She won her first Filmfare Award nomination in the Best Supporting Actress category.
She made her debut in Malayalam in 2007, starring in "Rock & Roll" opposite Mohanlal. She was noticed by the film field although film was a commercial failure. She followed it up with several successful films such as "Annan Thambi", "2 Harihar Nagar" (2009), "Evidam Swargamanu" (2009) opposite Mohanlal, and "Chattambinadu" (2009) opposite Mammootty. She appeared in three Tamil films in 2009, "Muthirai", "Vaamanan" and "Naan Avanillai 2". In "Vaamanan", she played a glamourous supermodel. In 2010, she was seen in three films. She made special appearances during song sequences in two of them, "In Ghost House Inn" and "Pen Singam" and portrayed a cowgirl in the Tamil film "Irumbukkottai Murattu Singam".
Lakshmi Rai's first 2011 release was Christian Brothers opposite Mohanlal, which was a huge commercial success. Her next two films were Tamil projects, the comedy horror ' and the Venkat Prabhu-directed action thriller "Mankatha", starring Ajith Kumar. She essayed a negative character in the latter, which was received positively by critics. Both films emerged high financial success. Following "Kanchanas success, she was signed on to reprise the role in its Kannada remake too. Her latest release Arabiyum, Ottakavum, P. Madhavan Nairum opposite Mohanlal is declared superhit by trade.
2014 will see the release of her films "Aranmanai" and "Irumbu Kuthirai" in Tamil, Rajadhi Raja in Malayalam.
In June 2014 she changed her name from Lakshmi Rai to Raai Laxmi. 
Awards.
Based on an online poll conducted by The Times of India Lakshmi Rai won the "Best Actor Award in a Negative Role - Female" for "Mankatha". In 2012, Lakshmi Rai won the "Stylish Star of South Indian Cinema - Female" at South Indian International Movie Awards SIIMA Awards 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9666130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666130" title="Richard Fletcher (politician)">
Richard Fletcher (politician)

Richard Fletcher (1788–1869) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. The brother of Governor Ryland Fletcher, he was born in Cavendish, Vermont on January 8, 1788. He pursued classical studies and graduated from Dartmouth College in 1806. He taught school in Salisbury, New Hampshire, studied law, was admitted to the bar and commenced practice there.
He moved to Boston in 1819 and was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1837 – March 4, 1839). Fletcher was not a candidate for renomination to the Twenty-sixth Congress. He served as a judge of the Massachusetts Supreme Court 1848–1853, and died in Boston on June 21, 1869. His interment was in Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge.
Fletcher was elected to be the first president of the American Statistical Association, although by the ASA's own admission, he was "little more than a figurehead".

</doc>
<doc id="9666141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666141" title="Peter M. Brant">
Peter M. Brant

Peter M. Brant (born 1947) is an American industrialist and businessman.
Early life and education.
Brant was raised in New York City, a childhood friend of Donald Trump. Brant's father, Murray Brant - who founded the paper converter (primarily converting paper into newsprint) "Brant-Allen Industries". Brant attended the University of Colorado but did not graduate instead leaving to work for his father's company.
Career.
Newsprint.
Brant went to work at Brant-Allen Industries, a paper conversion company co-founded by his father, Murray Brant. In the early '70s, Brant and a cousin, Joseph Allen — the son of Murray Brant’s business partner — led the company into the manufacturing side of the business and expanded the company into paper mill (converting pulp into paper) ownership purchasing a mill in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec and partnering with the Washington Post and Dow Jones to purchase a mill in Ashland, Virginia. In the early 2000s, as paper demand continued to decline, Brant embarked on a buying spree purchasing a second Quebec mill in 2004 for $205 million (from Enron) and a third Quebec mill in 2006 for $135 million. In 2008, he bought out his partner and changed the name of the company to "White Birch Paper Company". Also in 2008, he purchased "SP Newsprint Co" for $305 million, a newsprint manufacturer with operations in Oregon and Georgia. The purchase gave Brant control of 22% of the North American newsprint market, second to AbitibiBowater with 43%. Brant expanded "SP Newsprint" into paper recycling operating 23 recycling facilities through its SP Recycling unit.
In February 2010, "White Birch Paper" restructured under Chapter 11 proceedings, due to excessive debt and declining demand for newsprint. The company emerged from bankruptcy in January 2012 and closed its main pulp and paper mill in Quebec City, sending home more than 600 workers. White Birch owns two other mills in Quebec, Canada and one in Ashland, Virginia. In 2012, Brant pledged a portion of his art collection as security to purchase "White Birch Paper" out of bankruptcy in partnership with Black Diamond Capital Management LLC for $94.5 million in cash and $78 million in debt. Brant remains as CEO of "White Birch Paper".
In November 2011, "SP Newsprint Co" filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy due to excessive debt and declining demand for newsprint. SP Newsprint operates two mills in Dublin, Georgia and Newberg, Oregon and 23 recycling facilities. In September 2012, "SP Newsprint" was purchased out of bankruptcy by SP Fiber Technologies LLC for an undisclosed amount.
Brant Publications, Inc..
Brant is the owner and chairman of Brant Publications, Inc., located in New York City, founded in 1984. BPI publishes four magazines:
Film producer.
Brant’s interest in art also led him into film producing. He was a producer of "L’Amour" in 1973 and "Andy Warhol's Bad" in 1977. Brant was an executive producer of the award-winning films "Basquiat" (1996) and "Pollock" (2000). Brant was also co-producer of the Peabody- and Emmy-award winning PBS documentary, "" (2006). Brant is a producer of "The Homesman", an 1850's period Western and official selection for the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, directed by and starring Tommy Lee Jones, Hilary Swank and Meryl Streep.
Art collector.
Brant bought his first pieces of art after turning an $8,000 investment into several hundred thousand dollars as a young man. His first purchases according to "The New York Times", included "a couple of Warhols and, later, a major Franz Kline.” In 1976, Brant commissioned Andy Warhol to paint his cocker spaniel, Ginger. Warhol made two paintings of Ginger, as well as drawings.
On May 9, 2009, The Brant Foundation Art Study Center opened in Greenwich, CT. On the site of a converted 110-year-old stone barn, architect Richard Gluckman redesigned the space as a gallery and learning center, which will showcase long-term exhibitions and promote the appreciation of contemporary art and design. The non-profit center is open to the public by appointment.The Brant Foundation Art Study Center featured an exhibition by artist Urs Fischer in 2010 and painter Josh Smith in 2011. Brant's tax returns for 2010 showed that he contributed $3 million to the foundation, and it spent $1.8 million on acquisitions, exhibitions and building-related costs.
Brant is a member of the Advisory Council of the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh. The Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA) in Los Angeles named Brant to its Board of Trustees in December 2009.
Kentucky Derby and Polo.
Brant was the breeder of 1995 Kentucky Derby winner Thunder Gulch. Thunder Gulch is the son of Gulch out of the mare Line of Thunder, who were both owned and bred by Brant. In addition, Brant is an accomplished polo player and at one time, was the highest-rated amateur player in the U.S. Brant is the co-founder of the Greenwich Polo Club, the Saratoga Polo Association, and the Bridgehampton Polo Club.
Personal life.
Brant has five children from his first marriage to Sandra Simms (born 1955). Four of his children with Simms have worked for Brant companies: Christopher as president of White Birch; Ryan as director of Brant Publications, Kelly as online director Brant Publications; and Allison as director of the Brant Foundation. They divorced in 1995. On 14 July 1995, Brant married supermodel Stephanie Seymour (born 1968) and they have two sons and one daughter together: Peter Brant, Jr. (born December 1993), Harry (born 1996), and Lily Margaret (born 27 October 2004). In 2009, the couple filed for divorce but subsequently reconciled. He has a step-son, Dylan, from Seymour's first marriage to guitarist Tom Andrews and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9666146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666146" title="Petr Nikolayevich Toburokov">
Petr Nikolayevich Toburokov

Petr Nikolayevich Toburokov (, October 25, 1917 – March 6, 2001) was a Russian poet and writer from Yakutia.

</doc>
<doc id="9666183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666183" title="Andy Chambers">
Andy Chambers

Andy Chambers is a British author and game designer, best known for his work for Games Workshop. He worked extensively on various Warhammer 40,000 rulebooks and sourcebooks, and also authored at least one fiction novel set in the same universe.
In 2003 Chambers joined Mongoose Publishing as the lead designer of the company's development team for the Starship Troopers tabletop miniatures game.
Chambers is currently the Creative Director of Blizzard Entertainment, with which he has most recently worked on "".
On May 14, 2012, Dust Warfare, written by Andy Chambers, was released by Fantasy Flight Games. 
Andy is known to friends as the Shroom.

</doc>
<doc id="9666184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666184" title="Walter Milne">
Walter Milne

Walter Milne (died April 1558), also recorded as Mill or Myln, was the last Protestant martyr to be burned in Scotland before the Scottish Reformation changed the country from Catholic to Presbyterian.
Milne was a married man, and had at one point been a Roman Catholic priest from the Parish of Lunan near Montrose. He was burned at the stake for heresy outside Deans Court, St Andrews, in April 1558 at the age of 82, at the behest of the Roman Catholic Archbishop John Hamilton. When he was sentenced to death, Milne replied "I will not recant the truth. I am corn, not chaff; I will not be blown away with the wind or burst by the flail. I will survive both." Milne is commemorated on the Martyrs' Monument at St Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="9666204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666204" title="Yaohnanen">
Yaohnanen

Yaohnanen, also spelled Ionhanen is a village located on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu, at about 6 km south-east of the island main town, Lenakel.
It is well known for the participation of its villagers in the Prince Philip Movement.
Yaohnanen people were featured on the second season of the Spanish television series "Perdidos en la Tribu", (Lost in the Tribe), on which they cohabitated with a Spanish family during the course of 21 days, teaching them their customs and culture, and also in the first season of the same Portuguese series called "Perdidos na Tribo".

</doc>
<doc id="9666228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666228" title="Greatest Hits (The Police album)">
Greatest Hits (The Police album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album of songs by The Police, released in 1992. It reached number 10 on the UK Album Charts.
Track listing.
All songs written by Sting.
An alternative release (dark blue sleeve cover instead of white) features the 1986 re-recording of "Don't Stand So Close To Me" instead of the original album version.

</doc>
<doc id="9666233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666233" title="Christene Mayer">
Christene Mayer

Christene Mayer (also spelled Meyer) or Kid Glove Rosey (born 1847) was a New York criminal and thief during the late 19th century; her aliases including Mary Scanlon and Rosey Roder. 
Born in Germany, she became known as a prominent shoplifter in New York and other major cities before her arrest with "Black" Lena Kleinschmidt for stealing two pieces of silk containing 108 yards (valued at $250) from the McCreery & Co. store at the corner of 11th Street and Broadway on April 9, 1880. Recently stolen property from Le Boutillier Brothers on 14th Street was found in their possession as well as the stolen silk. 
Convicted and sentenced to five years at Blackwell's Island on April 30 (Kleinschmidt, who had fled while out on bail, was soon rearrested and sentenced to four years and nine months imprisonment on the same day), her sentence eventually expired on November 30, 1883, and she was subsequently released.

</doc>
<doc id="9666249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666249" title="Fifty50">
Fifty50

Fifty50 is an East German punk rock band. Fifty50 was founded in Leipzig, Germany, in 1998.
History.
Fifty50 was formed in Leipzig, Germany.
Fifty50 played their first show in early 1999. They won the audience powered "Band of the Year" at a local band competition in Leipzig in January 2000. After a few unsuccessful attempts, the band recorded and released their self-titled album in 2001. Fifty50 has continued to appear primarily in the east German territory and has appeared on stage at some large festivals (With Full Force, Force Attack).
In 2004, Fifty50 was invited to go on tour with ((tam)) on their final tour. In 2005, Fifty50 recorded their second album entitled "2". In June 2005 they played a 2-week tour through Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi; and in February 2006, they played some venues in the UK.
Since 2008, Fifty50 have been on hiatus and the work on their 3rd album is yet unfinished.

</doc>
<doc id="9666253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666253" title="Cunomaglus">
Cunomaglus

Cunomaglus ("Hound Lord") is the epithet of a Celtic god identified with Apollo. A temple at Nettleton Shrub in Wiltshire was dedicated to Apollo Cunomaglus, existing shortly after 69 AD. In the 3rd Century BC it developed into a major cult centre: a large shrine, hall, hostel, shops, and priest's house were built, demonstrating the wealth and popularity of the cult. Diana and Silvanus were also worshipped there, suggesting that Cunomaglus may have been a god of hunting. It is also possible the shrine may have been a healing sanctuary, since Apollo's main role as a Celtic god was as a healer, the site is close to water, and finds such as tweezers and pins may denote the presence of a curative cult.

</doc>
<doc id="9666303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666303" title="Cypress String Quartet">
Cypress String Quartet

The Cypress String Quartet is a professional classical chamber music ensemble formed in 1996. The ensemble was founded and currently resides in San Francisco, California. The quartet's current members are:
The quartet travels approximately 100 days each year, performing throughout much of the United States, as well as in Mexico, Canada, England, France, Italy, Germany, Austria, and Japan. The Cypress was Quartet-in-Residence at San Jose State University from 2003 to 2009.
Recordings.
Recent commercial recordings include:
Other recordings released by the Cypress Quartet include:
Call and Response.
"Call & Response" is an annual commissioning and audience development program created by the Cypress Quartet as a method of demonstrating to contemporary audiences the ongoing process of inspiration, and to help make clear the relevance of older music to today's culture and society. The 2010 Call & Response program (the 11th consecutive year of the project) saw the World Premiere of Elena Ruehr's "Bel Canto" string quartet based on the novel of the same name by Ann Patchett. With the theme of the 2010 Call & Response program "Lyrical Music Inspired by Literature," Dr. Ruehr's new work was paired with Mozart's String Quartet in D Major K.575 "The Violet" and Schubert's String Quartet in D Minor D.810 "Death & The Maiden." The 2010 concert took place at Herbst Theatre in San Francisco's Civic Center district (for the second year in a row; the first 9 occasions of Call & Response were presented at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts FORUM Theater, and was attended by over 500 people, 200 of which were middle and high school students who had heard the Cypress Quartet perform excerpts of the program in their classrooms during outreach activities in the weeks leading up to the public performance on February 26, 2010.
Previous Call & Response programs have involved the commission of new works from the following composers:

</doc>
<doc id="9666305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666305" title="Milk Milk Lemonade">
Milk Milk Lemonade

Milk Milk Lemonade is the fourth album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1992 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's last album to include guitarist Jon Von Zelowitz, who left the group later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9666354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666354" title="Rick Priestley">
Rick Priestley

Rick Priestley is a miniature wargaming designer and author who lives near Nottingham, England.
Career.
Rick Priestley, with Bryan Ansell and Richard Hailliwell, designed the miniatures game "Warhammer Fantasy Battle" for Games Workshop. The idea of the Black Library evolved under the guidance of Priestley, Andy Jones, and Marc Gascoigne into the magazine "Inferno!" which debuted in July 1997. Priestley also designed the large-scale combat game "Warmaster" (2000).
Rick left Games Workshop in November 2010. He is now co-owner of Warlord Games, and also does consulting work on a freelance basis. He is an associate at River Horse Games.
At the end of 2011 he was elected to the committee of the Society of Ancients.
In December 2012 he announced plans to launch a new science fiction game "The Gates of Antares" with funding raised through Kickstarter.
Works.
Priestley worked extensively for Games Workshop. He is credited with authoring or co-authoring the following games:
Since joining Warlord Games, he has authored or co-authored the following games:

</doc>
<doc id="9666384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666384" title="Jervis Johnson">
Jervis Johnson

Jervis Johnson is a game designer for Games Workshop.
He is currently one of Game Workshop's long-term strategy managers, having previously been employed as head of its Specialist Games division.
Jervis is credited with creating the following games:
He has also been instrumental in crafting 4th Edition, and the Living Rule Book (LRB).
Jervis has been a key contributor in the following games:
He has also written or been heavily involved in the following books:
Jervis currently contributes a regular series of articles that focus on the hobby aspects of Games Workshop products, entitled Standard Bearer, to "White Dwarf".

</doc>
<doc id="9666413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666413" title="Swetha river">
Swetha river

Sweata Nadi carries the drainages of Pachaimalai and Kolli Hills. It joins with Vasishta Nadi to form Vellar river and flows into the Bay of Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="9666430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666430" title="Moritasgus">
Moritasgus

Moritasgus is a Celtic epithet for a healing god found in four inscriptions at Alesia. In two inscriptions, he is identified with the Greco-Roman god Apollo. His consort was the goddess Damona.
Alesia was an oppidum of the Celtic Mandubii in present-day Burgundy. A dedication to the gods alludes to the presence of a shrine at the curative spring, where sick pilgrims could bathe in a sacred pool. The sanctuary itself, located near the eastern gate of the town just outside the city wall, was impressive, with baths and a temple. In addition, there were porticoes, where the sick possibly slept, hoping for divine visions and cures.
Numerous votive objects were dedicated to Moritasgus. These were models of the pilgrims and the afflicted parts of their bodies: these included limbs, internal organs, genitals, breasts, and eyes. Surgeons' tools have also been found, suggesting that the priests also acted as surgeons.
The name "Moritasgus", shared by a 1st-century BC ruler of the Senones, has been analyzed variously. It probably means "Great Badger" or "Sea Badger." The European badger produced a secretion used in Gaulish medicaments, hence a possible connection with a healing god.

</doc>
<doc id="9666468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666468" title="Agaya Gangai">
Agaya Gangai

Agaya Gangai () waterfalls are located in Kolli Hills of the Eastern Ghats. Panchanathi, a jungle stream, cascades down as the "Agaya Gangai" (En:Ganges of Sky), near the Arapaleeswarar temple atop the Kolli Hills in Namakkal district, Tamil Nadu. It is 300 ft waterfall of the river Aiyaru situated close to Arapaleeswarar temple. It is located in a valley that is surrounded by mountains on all sides. 

</doc>
<doc id="9666482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666482" title="Electoral district of Wollombi">
Electoral district of Wollombi

Wollombi was a former electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1859 to 1894. 

</doc>
<doc id="9666487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666487" title="Gazpacho (band)">
Gazpacho (band)

Gazpacho are an art rock band from Oslo, Norway.
The original core band of Jan-Henrik Ohme (vocals), Jon-Arne Vilbo (guitars) and Thomas Andersen (keyboards, programming, producer) started making music together in 1996 and the band has since expanded with Mikael Krømer (violin, co-producer), Lars Erik Asp (drums) and Kristian Torp (bass).
Gazpacho's music has been described by one critic as being "classical post ambient nocturnal atmospheric neo-progressive folk world rock". The music has been compared to A-ha, Radiohead, Marillion and Porcupine Tree.
Without the backing of a major label, Gazpacho is one of many bands now using the Internet to promote their music, specifically their own website and its forum, online shopping and MySpace. This allows the band to hold down full-time jobs, yet still manage to release an album a year with total artistic control over their compositions and distribution.
History.
The Early Years (1996–2001).
Childhood friends Jon-Arne Vilbo and Thomas Andersen had played together in a band called Delerium before, which in their own words "whittled away." 
After several years of separation, the two friends met again and started making music together again. Andersen had met Jan-Henrik Ohme through his work as radio commercial producer and brought him into the jam sessions, which laid the foundation for Gazpacho as it exists today.
The band name comes from an attempt to describe their music. 
Andersen: ""We are a very unlikely mixture of people really, not the average types you'd expect to see in the same band… so we thought Gazpacho, which really is the bastard of soups (meshed up vegetables served cold), was the perfect name for our group(...)With Gazpacho you get a surprise, something unexpected, something out of the norm, a 'positive' contradiction. We feel this describes our band very well."".
Roy Funner played bass on the finished recordings of the band, though he wasn't part of the writing process. For the drum tracks a computer was used. 
For two years the band worked on a concept album "Random Access Memory"; a piece of work which they discarded altogether when they felt they had not yet reached the level of musical maturity for such an ambitious project.
Make-a-star and Bravo (2002–2003).
All three members of Gazpacho were involved with the Scandinavian branch of Marillion's The Web fanclub. This led to Ohme being invited to sing the Marillion track "Afraid Of Sunlight" at the Swap The Band show of the first Marillion Convention Weekend. At this convention the band handed out free four-track promos called "Get It While It's Cold" to anyone interested. These promos also found their way to several internet magazines which gave the band almost unanimous acclaim with one reviewer calling the music "expertly-crafted and truly inventive".
In May 2002 the band entered a song contest on Make-A-Star with the song "Sea Of Tranquility" and won. Their second entry, "Ghost" made it to second position, but was enough to gain them the opportunity to release an album through MP3.com. "Get It While It's Cold (37°C)" contained three tracks of the promo EP and three new tracks. One of these new tracks, "Nemo" saw the band winning the Make-A-Star contest for a second time.
The release of the EP continued to garner the band international acclaim
In 2003 the band released their first proper album Bravo, which contained five of the six tracks off the MP3.com album, and six new compositions. Utilizing the possibilities of the Internet the band had teamed up with the American singer/songwriter fellow Make-A-Star contestee Esther Valentine and New Zealand producer Peter Kearns. Valentine sang a duet with Ohme on the song "Novgorod" (which she also co-wrote) and Kearns produced two of the tracks off "Bravo". 
"Bravo" gained the band more international acclaim, with Dutch leading music magazine Oor stating ""their debut album is a rare beauty""
The band was invited to perform at the second Marillion Convention Weekend. For their live band the band was further expanded with drummer Geir Digernes (who had also played drums on some of the tracks on "Bravo") and for the performance of the title track they were joined by Mikael Krømer (violin) and Kristian Skedsmo (flute)
Supporting Marillion (2004–2005).
The performance at the Convention Weekend led to a support slot on Marillion's 31-date European "Marbles" tour around 11 countries, further raising the profile of the band. For this tour Robert Johansen joined the band as the new drummer, and Mikael Krømer and Kristian Skedsmo also joined the live line-up.
Prior to the tour the band released their second full-length album, When Earth Lets Go, giving them enough material for their live repertoire. On "When Earth Lets Go" the band collaborated with producer Steve Lyon (Paul McCartney, Depeche Mode, The Cure) who had agreed to produce one track "Substitute For Murder" to see if he could potentially interest any labels. Despite Lyon's involvement, the increased awareness after the Marillion, and more rave reviews on their album the band was not able to secure a record deal.
In the end their friends of Marillion came to the rescue offering Gazpacho the chance to release their next album on the band's own Racket Records label. Racket released the band's third album Firebird and re-released " Bravo" and "When Earth Lets Go". The support of Marillion also led to the collaboration with guitarist Steve Rothery who plays a solo on the track "Do You Know What You Are Saying". Other guest appearances on the album came in the form of fans who had been encouraged to send in sound samples which the band would use. Among the unusual instruments featured on the album are maracas, a comb and a Leopard II battle tank.
Roy Funner had left the band after the 2004 tour to focus more on his family and he was replaced by Kristian Torp. With the new line-up the band supported Marillion once more on 4 gigs during the Not Quite Christmas Tour. After this tour Kristian Skedsmo announced he no longer wanted to go on prolonged tours away from home and the live line-up was reduced to a six-piece band.
Night; Dream with Us (2006–2008).
After a year of silence [http://www.gazpachoworld.com/media/discography/Night] was released in February 2007. For this occasion the band was once more invited to appear at the Marillion's Convention Weekend, this time in The Netherlands The band also played their first international headlining gig at the Boerderij in Zoetermeer, The Netherlands on February 1, 2007.
"Night" shows a departure of the short song format of the previous albums, but instead consists of one long 50-minute conceptual piece, divided into five parts. In the words of the band it is a 
" musical description of a dream or a stream of consciousness. It explores the question of where dreams end and reality begins and the mind as the tool that has to decide what to believe. The character goes through various memories real and imagined and sees the world from the angles of different people. He travels through time and visits places across the world including old New Orleans and Ancient woods with Pagan rituals being performed. Night is about life and the various ways of interpreting existence. Pretentious? Oh yes but delicious as well... very delicious".
Mikael Krømer, who had played violin on all previous albums and live shows, was welcomed as a full-time band-member on "Night", also earning a co-producer credit. "Night" also saw the return of Kristian "The Duke" Skedsmo, playing six different instruments on the album. Skedsmo rejoined the band for a one-off live appearance in Oslo on January 19, 2008.
The album was almost instantly well received in prog-circles, topping the Just For Kicks Music sales chart for two weeks after its release. The (prog related) international press was almost unanimously positive, calling the album ""very, very grand art"", ""nothing short of a masterpiece"" and ""an incredible album"". The album charted in the reader's top 20 at Progwereld for more than a year.
"Night" also did very well in several readers' polls at the end of 2007. The album was voted 9th best album of 2007 by listeners of Polish radio station MLWZ and 8th best album in the Dutch Progressive Rock Page Poll. The album is also in the top 10 of 2007 at Progarchives.
During one of the live performances of ""Night"" on July 18, 2008 the audience at the Boerderij in Zoetermeer, The Netherlands get a first taste of a new work in progress song called '"Tick Tock"" which was played for the first time in his entirety clocking 22 min and 24 seconds.
Later it appears to involve the title track for the successor of ""Night"".
As of October 1, 2008 the band teamed up with new management and booking agency: WiV Entertainment. The goal is to be able to be more on the road with their new release.
Tick Tock Touring (2009–2010).
On March 15, 2009 the 5th studio album Tock""'" was released on HTW Records a division of Sony BMG.
The album is based on the story of French writer and naviator Antoine de Saint-Exupery who took off in an attempt at a long distance flight from Paris to Saigon (1935). He crashed in the Desert many hours later stranded with his co pilot Prevot. Later he recounted his experience in a book called Wind, Sand and Stars and this story forms the basis of the ""Tick Tock"" album.
"The metaphor of a desert walk represented by a ticking clock may not be sublime but by golly the music is in moments. The apathetic underscore of a sweltering almost synthy loop which really is a b4 organ played through a guitar amp and a sequencer brings at first hesitation then desperation then more hesitation and then something happens and you get sucked into a glassy mood."
"Almost as if you were walking a long and lonely walk in the desert where there is only you, the stars, wind and sand, the sound of your footsteps softened by the burning sand and heard only through the bones of the body."
In connection with ""Tick Tock"", the band conducted their first official headlining tour (Tick Tock Tour), visiting six different countries between 26th March and 8th April 2009.
In the meantime, the album and corresponding shows received rave reviews.
""If you are a fan of music that transports you to another place, you will find nothing better. !" 10/10" and
""...Gazpacho achieved the impossible. They delivered an album as good as "Night". Which band can deliver two masterpieces after each other these days? !"" to quote only two, more can be found here reviews
10 July 2009 Gazpacho head off to Germany to perform as headliners for the 4th night of the prog festival at Loreley Germany. The concert was caught on tape to be released in January 2010 as ""A Night At Loreley"".
The first official live album and limited edition DVD is a fact. At the end of 2009,during the process of editing, mixing and producing that first DVD , comes the news that Robert R Johansen (drums) has decided (due to personal circumstances) to leave the band.
At the end of 2009 ""Tick Tock"" reached top 5 ranks in various polls: among them are rank 5 at DPRP, 2nd at MLWZ in Poland and Rock Area, 1st rank at Dutch Progwereld, etc. pp.
In the early day's of 2010 replacement for Robert is found in Lars Erik Asp, just in time to get known to the music before the second part of the ""Tick Tock"" tour (The T.B.A. tour) kicks in. Again the March/April period is planned to visit 6 countries again, planned because due to a plane tragedy in Poland with the corresponding 1 week of mourning, the polish promoter had decided to cancel the concerts in Poland from 16–18 April. The dates where postponed until September 2010.
On 1 May 2010 the first concert in the U.S.A. is a fact, as part of a prog festival the band plays at the Majestic Theater in Gettysburg Pennsylvania, later for the German/Italian festival + Polish gigs in September, they hired a stand-in guitarist by the name of Micheal Krumins (Green Carnation, Sirenia). This because of the arrival of Jon-Arne's first born and his priority to the newborn family.
Missa Atropos (2011).
During the "Tick Tock Tour" on September gigs, pre printed copies of the new album "Missa Atropos" are available to the present audience.
And even before the official release of the new album (November 26) it's already number 1 charted at a Dutch prog site in October and November. The new album is intended to be another album in the series of films without pictures that they started back in 2007 with ""Night"". In other words a concept album intended to give the listener a chance to take some time off from the world.
""Missa Atropos"" is a concept taking the idea of Atropos, a Greek Goddess, updating it to the modern world where a man isolated himself from the world in a lighthouse to write a mass for Atropos, tasting true solitude as he does so. The story tells of what happens inside his head, his three attempts to write a mass, with the culmination of Missa Atropos being the final outcome.
<br>December 2010 brought the news that they have licensed ""Missa Atropos"" to K-Scope in the UK. They will have the rights to the album worldwide.
The new album was accompanied by a 12 gig tour in 5 different countries in January / February 2011.
One of those countries was the UK where the London gig at Dingwalls 30 January was recorded and released on 24 October as the double live CD called London.
March of Ghosts (2012-2013).
The end of 2011 brings us the news that "March Of Ghosts" will be the band's 7th studio album and the follow-up to "Missa Atropos". While as mentioned "Missa Atropos" was a long story about one person leaving everything behind, "March of Ghosts" is a collection of short stories.
The idea behind the album was to have the lead character spend a night where all these ghosts (dead and alive) would march past him to tell their stories. Characters include Haitian war criminals, the crew of the Marie Celeste, a returning American WWI soldier who finds himself in 2012 and the ghost of an English comedy writer who was wrongly accused of treason.
They are short stories. They are a march of ghosts. They are tales that need to be told. The new album 'March Of Ghosts' was released on Kscope March 12, 2012 and was accompanied by a tour March / April 2012 tour
As a support to the album and the upcoming tour, on March 10 the bands first official video/clip is released. The song "Black Lilly" features footage from an idea by Antonio Seijas, who's also the artist responsible for all the album artwork from 2005's "Firebird" and onward. Two months later the 2nd official video is a fact, a clip directed and edited by James Jones Morris supporting the song 'What Did I Do?'. A song that's based around the story of the English writer P. G. Wodehouse, who was accused of treason after a series of broadcasts he did on German radio during WWII. He was interned as a foreign national by the Germans and spent some time in prison camp before finally being released at 60.
After he was released he stayed for some time at a country estate where he was informed of what crimes the Nazis were guilty of and how impossibly stupid it was to agree to broadcast on their radio.
It is his ghost we hear sitting on the porch listening to the gramophone recordings of the broadcasts trying to understand why these simple funny narratives had caused such an uproar.
In September the marching of the ghosts continued with a festival and a club gig in Poland.
Demon (2014-...).
In late 2013, the band announced via their Facebook page that they had finished recording their 8th studio album, Demon, due to be released in 2014.
Lineup.
Current Lineup:
Guest Members:
Former Members:
Collaborations:

</doc>
<doc id="9666526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666526" title="Paul Simon 1964/1993">
Paul Simon 1964/1993

Paul Simon 1964/1993 is a compilation album released in 1993 by Paul Simon. It contains a collection of recordings ranging from his earliest collaboration with Art Garfunkel (the 1957 release "Hey, Schoolgirl") and further Simon & Garfunkel hits to songs from his subsequent solo career. Despite carrying the title "Paul Simon 1964/1993", the music on this compilation was recorded between 1957 and 1991, and no tracks were recorded in 1964 or 1993.
The three-disc box-set was designed and edited by Simon himself and includes only three previously unreleased tracks: "Thelma" (which was left off "The Rhythm of the Saints"); the original demo version of "Bridge Over Troubled Water"; and a live rendition of "Still Crazy After All These Years." Noteworthy omissions from the compilation are "Homeward Bound" and "I Am a Rock".
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3

</doc>
<doc id="9666546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666546" title="Honda Activa">
Honda Activa

The Honda Activa is a motor scooter made by Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India. It was launched in India in 2000. Production in Mexico began in 2004. It is a 102 cc, scooter. The vehicle has the option of kick- and self-start, includes the puncture-resistant "tuff-up" tyre and tube combination.
Honda launched a new version of the Activa in 2009 with a new 109 cc engine. Power output was bumped up to and new features like combi-brake and key shutter were introduced. Fuel economy was claimed to be improved by 15%.
In June 2013, Honda introduced Activa-i, a sleek and stylish variant of Activa. The new model shared most of the features with Activa, the primary difference being only in the body style.
In April 2014, Honda launched an upgraded model of Activa with a 125cc engine and rebranded the model as Activa 125. Currently, both Activa-i and Activa 125 are sold in India.
In April, 2014, "The Economic Times" reported the Honda Activa became the best selling two wheeler in India (if not the world) out running the Hero Splendor. During the month of September 2013, 141,996 Honda Activa scooters were sold; nearly equal to Honda's entire annual sales in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="9666547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666547" title="Northcote Shopping Plaza">
Northcote Shopping Plaza

Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre is a sub regional shopping centre located in Northcote, in the inner northern suburbs of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.
The centre is one storey high, and has over 60 specialist shops, as well as some major shops such as Coles, BI-LO (recently converted to Coles), Kmart, Baker's Delight and Donut King.
It was built on the site of the former kilns of the Northcote Brickworks Ltd(1882-1977) and opened in 1981.
Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre is located adjacent to the All Nations Park.
Transport.
Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre is served by the Bundoora RMIT (Number 86) tram, 508 and 552 bus (goes into the centre) and the South Morang railway line's Northcote station. Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre is a ten minute walk from the St Georges (Number 112) tram.

</doc>
<doc id="9666587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666587" title="Dengeki Novel Prize">
Dengeki Novel Prize

The is a literary award handed out annually (since 1994) by the Japanese publisher ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) for their Dengeki Bunko light novel imprint. The contest has discovered many popular and successful light novelists, like Kouhei Kadono and Yashichiro Takahashi. Originally called the Dengeki Game Novel Prize, the name was changed in 2003. The main Dengeki Novel Prize awards consist of the Grand Prize (¥3 million), Gold Prize (¥1 million) and Silver Prize (¥500,000). In addition to the money received, the winning novelists get their work published under Dengeki Bunko with the addition of an artist for the illustrated aspects of the light novels. However, if an entry is awarded the Media Works Bunko Prize, the winning novel will be published under ASCII Media Works' Media Works Bunko imprint, along with the author winning ¥1 million. Often, the name of the novel series is changed from what it was originally titled when it won the prize. There are over 6,500 submissions annually since 2013, and it is considered the largest prize for light novels.

</doc>
<doc id="9666592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666592" title="Federico Seismit-Doda">
Federico Seismit-Doda

Federico Seismit-Doda, born in Ragusa (Dubrovnik), in the Kingdom of Dalmatia (today's Croatia), 1825 and died in Rome 1893. He was an Italian politician. He graduated from the University of Padua and collaborated at Caffè Pedrocchi; in 1849 fought with the volunteers in Veneto and in 1849 participated in the defence of Roman Republic. After exile to Greece and to Piedmont in 1850, he collaborated in various newspapers and magazines, and published a volume of his memories "Venetian Volunteers".

</doc>
<doc id="9666596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666596" title="Consumer Watchdog (Botswana)">
Consumer Watchdog (Botswana)

Consumer Watchdog is a division of Business & Enterprise Solutions Botswana (Pty) Ltd, a privately owned company registered in Botswana and based in Gaborone.
With newspaper columns in both the national daily newspaper "Mmegi" and the country's best-selling newspaper "The Voice" every Friday, as well as a blog, Consumer Watchdog has a wide reach regarding consumer issues in Botswana.
Originally set up in 2004, Watchdog has the following stated aims:
Services delivered by BES, the parent company of Consumer Watchdog, include customer service training, organisational review and mystery shopping.
On 31 May 2007, Consumer Watchdog celebrated its second birthday party, with the President of Botswana Festus Mogae as guest of honour. 180 customer service champions were celebrated in front of the president, the press and the people. 
Consumer Watchdog representatives have worked widely with companies in Botswana and southern Africa, including major banks in Botswana. 
They also work with the government, insurance companies, retail outlets and restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="9666598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666598" title="Iremonger">
Iremonger

Iremonger is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9666599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666599" title="Tanaka's formula">
Tanaka's formula

In the stochastic calculus, Tanaka's formula states that
where "B""t" is the standard Brownian motion, sgn denotes the sign function
and "L""t" is its local time at 0 (the local time spent by "B" at 0 before time "t") given by the "L"2-limit
Tanaka's formula is the explicit Doob–Meyer decomposition of the submartingale |"B""t"| into the martingale part (the integral on the right-hand side), and a continuous increasing process (local time). It can also be seen as the analogue of Itō's lemma for the (nonsmooth) absolute value function formula_4, with formula_5 and formula_6; see local time for a formal explanation of the Itō term.
Outline of proof.
The function |"x"| is not "C"2 in "x" at "x" = 0, so we cannot apply Itō's formula directly. But if we approximate it near zero (i.e. in [−"ε", "ε"]) by parabolas 
And using Itō's formula we can then take the limit as "ε" → 0, leading to Tanaka's formula.

</doc>
<doc id="9666630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666630" title="Virotutis">
Virotutis

Virotutis is a Celtic epithet of the god Apollo. The epithet has been interpreted as meaning "Benefactor of humanity". Apollo Virotutis was worshipped at, among other places, Fins d'Annecy (Haute-Savoie) and at Jublains (Maine-et-Loire).

</doc>
<doc id="9666634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666634" title="Antonio Vojak">
Antonio Vojak

Antonio Vojak (19 November 1904 – 9 may 1975) was a famous Italian football player whose career was played out during the 1920s and 1930s. 
He is most noted for his time with Juventus and Napoli, the latter of which he holds the second place all-time club record for goals scored in the Italian leagues.
His younger brother Oliviero Vojak played professionally as well, for Juventus and Napoli. To distinguish them, Antonio was known as Vojak I and Oliviero as Vojak II.
Biography.
Vojak was born in Pula, at that time in Austria-Hungary until 1918 given to Italy and 1947 to Yugoslavia.
Vojak's football career started with Lazio during the 1924–25 season, his stay there was very short; playing only 10 games but scoring 7 goals. This caught the attention of Juventus, who signed up Vojak within that year.
During his three year stay with Turin giants, Vojak was part of a squad which won the Italian Football Championship amassing 46 goals in 102 games, as well as 2 European Cup appearances in 1929 against Slavia Prague.
He moved on next to Napoli where he became an early legend at the club, playing in a squad that featured Attila Sallustro. He stayed with the club until 1935, scoring over 100 goals for them. Vojak also appeared for the Italian national football team once in 1932 where he played midfield. Due to fascist anti-slav laws, he was forced to use the name "Vogliani". 
After leaving Napoli, Vojak played only two more seasons; first with Genoa and then with Lucchese-Libertas in 1936-37 where he played only 1 game. He died in 1977.
Honours.
Italian Football Championship

</doc>
<doc id="9666690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666690" title="X-Rated Fusion">
X-Rated Fusion

X-Rated Fusion Liqueur is a French vodka and fruit based liqueur, made by the Campari Group. It has a declared alcohol content of 17% alcohol by volume.
First introduced into the U.S. in 2005, X-Rated Fusion Liqueur has subsequently been launched in Japan by Suntory, Canada, and several other countries in Europe and Asia. 
In September 2006, X-Rated Fusion Liqueur was named Best New Spirit of the Year by over 250 US retailers for Market Watch Leaders.
Manufacture.
X-Rated Fusion Liqueur is a blend of French vodka, Provence blood orange, mango, and passion fruit.
Drinking.
X-Rated Fusion Liqueur can be drunk over ice or as part of a cocktail.
Range Development.
In 2006, the then brand-owners, Daucourt, introduced a so-called "sister product," X-Rated Vodka, which is based on similar technology to the same company's premium product Jean-Marc XO Vodka.

</doc>
<doc id="9666752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666752" title="Marlin Stuart">
Marlin Stuart

Marlin Henry Stuart (August 8, 1918 – June 16, 1994) was an American Major League Baseball relief pitcher. He was born in Paragould, Arkansas.
Before beginning his major league baseball career, he played for Paragould High School and local American Legion teams, while working as a farmer and picking cotton. He began playing in the minors in Mayfield, Kentucky, in 1939.
Stuart, a right-handed pitcher, originally signed as a free agent with the St. Louis Browns in 1940. He first appeared in the major leagues with the Detroit Tigers in 1949. He pitched 30 games for Detroit (with some return visits to the minor leagues) until 1952 when he was traded to the Browns. He pitched for the Browns for the remainder of 1952 and in 1953, when he was second in the American League with 60 appearances and led the Browns with 8 wins. His last season was 1954, when he pitched in 22 games for the Baltimore Orioles and 10 games for the New York Yankees.
On June 27, 1950, Stuart pitched a perfect game for the Toledo Mud Hens of the American Association.
He was married to Freda Stuart, who died in 2004. They had one son, Marlin Richard Stuart.

</doc>
<doc id="9666766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666766" title="Niddesa">
Niddesa

The Niddesa (abbrev., "Nidd") is a Buddhist scripture, part of the Pali Canon of Theravada Buddhism. It is included there in the Sutta Pitaka's Khuddaka Nikaya. It is in the form of a commentary on parts of the Suttanipata. The tradition ascribes it to the Buddha's disciple Sariputta. It is divided into two parts:
This text is believed to have been most likely composed no later than the 1st century BC.

</doc>
<doc id="9666774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666774" title="Arausio (god)">
Arausio (god)

Arausio was a local Celtic water god who gave his name to the town of Arausio (Orange) in southern Gaul. Inscriptions attest to the existence of this presiding deity who gave the town its name.
The modern name of the city and family that emerged from it, House of Orange-Nassau, is a corrupted version of Celtic word Arausio. In the Middle Ages the name of the city was conflated in French and Late Latin with another word, orange.
References.
Miranda Green. (1997). "Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend". London: Thames and Hudson Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="9666783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666783" title="Piotr Włodarczyk">
Piotr Włodarczyk

Piotr Włodarczyk (born May 4, 1977 in Wałbrzych) is a Polish footballer (striker) currently playing for OFI Crete. Włodarczyk is known for his skill in getting into good shooting positions.
He is a lethal finsher, scoring more than 40 goals in the last 4 years.
Włodarczyk returned to Legia's first team on March 8, 2006 and put in some strong performances to close the season. In June, 2008 he was transferred to Aris FC having the opportunity to participate in the forthcoming UEFA Cup
Włodarzyk is a former member of the Poland national football team. He has played a total of four games, scoring twice.
He is also the brother of Polish heptathlete Urszula Włodarczyk.

</doc>
<doc id="9666789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666789" title="Alastair Lansley">
Alastair Lansley

Alastair Lansley CBE (born 1 December 1947) is a British architect.
Alastair Lansley was the lead architect for the reconstruction and rebuilding of London's St Pancras Station as terminus of the High Speed 1 line from the Channel Tunnel to London. His work at St Pancras includes the construction of a new 13 platform extension deck in a modern manner; reconstruction of the west side of the station (made necessary by the construction of the new Thameslink station box below) in a historically based Neo-gothic manner in the style of Sir George Gilbert Scott; as well as the refurbishment of the original station building by Scott and William Barlow. 
Lansley was also Lead Architect for Stratford and Ebbsfleet International Stations, which were designed by project architect Mark Fisher. These stations extends the language of Mies van der Rohe in a contemporary context, and form a close stylistic bond with the new station extension at St Pancras.
In November 2007 a series of six BBC television programmes were aired. In this series the project that was to become St. Pancras International station was shown during the different phases of construction. The attention to detail that Lansley so wished to put into the building of the project and the care and attention he gave to his work is demonstrably shown.
Lansley is a former member of British Rail's architects’ department. He worked with lead architect Nick Derbyshire, on the £110 million reshaping of London's Liverpool Street Station in the late 1980s and early 1990s. 
It has been reported that a project to rebuild the Euston Arch as part of the redevelopment of Euston Station could be led by Lansley. Rebuilding the Arch has been linked to Euston's potential role of London terminus for the future High Speed 2 link to Birmingham and beyond.
Lansley was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="9666800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666800" title="Regionals">
Regionals

Regionals may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9666807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666807" title="Anti-ballistic weapon">
Anti-ballistic weapon

An anti ballistic weapon is any weapon (be it a missile, a laser or another type of object) designed to counter threats which are ballistic objects.
"Ballistic objects" include:

</doc>
<doc id="9666819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666819" title="Cougar Fight Song">
Cougar Fight Song

Cougar Fight Song may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9666821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666821" title="Kannanurpalayam">
Kannanurpalayam

Kannanur , also known as Kannanur or simply K.Palayam, is a small village in Thuraiyur, Tiruchirapalli District, Tamil Nadu, India. It has a population of nearly 5,000 people.
Location.
Kannanurpalayam is situated on the banks of the Ayyaru or Alyaru River. The Alyaru starts in the Kolli hills. Kannanurpalayam is surrounded by Kannanur, Velayadhum Palayam, Thevarappam Patti, and Ponnusangam Patti.
Economy.
The main industry of Kannanur is agriculture. The Alyar or Ayyaru river aids in irrigation. There are also drivers, engineers, doctors, teachers, and privately owned businesses.
Education.
Kannanur Palayam has an education ratio of 70%. The Government School in Kannanurpalayam offers education up to 8th standard.
Colleges.
Imayam College of Arts & Science, Kannanur.
Jayaram College of Engineering,Thuraiyur.
Culture.
The Kannanurpalayam Cricket Team is one of the strongest team among the other villages in Thuraiur taluk.
Festivals are celebrated frequently throughout the year. In January they celebrate Pongal, in March they celebrate Kaman Festival, and in April or May, they celebrate Mariyamman Thiruvila.

</doc>
<doc id="9666837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666837" title="Donald Windham">
Donald Windham

Donald Windham (July 2, 1920 – May 31, 2010) was an American novelist and memoirist. He is perhaps best known for his close friendships with Truman Capote and Tennessee Williams. Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Windham moved with his then-boyfriend Fred Melton, an artist, to New York City in 1939. Windham collaborated with Williams on his own play, "You Touched Me"!, based on a D.H. Lawrence story, in 1942. He received a Guggenheim fellowship in 1960.
Windham became estranged from Williams in the Seventies after Williams published his "Memoirs" (1975). Windham later published a volume of their correspondence, which Williams claimed was done without his permission. Windham remained a friend of Capote until Capote's death. Windham also met and befriended such diverse figures as Lincoln Kirstein, Pavel Tchelitchew and Paul Cadmus.
In 1943, Windham met Sandy Campbell, an undergraduate student at Princeton University. In 1943 they began a relationship that would last until Campbell's death in 1988. Campbell frequently helped Windham publish books through the Stamperia Valdonega in Verona, Italy. Partially because Windham was influenced by his own life, homosexuality is one of many themes treated in his work.
Windham's novels include "The Dog Star" (1950), praised by André Gide and Thomas Mann, "The Hero Continues" (1960), which was likely based on Williams, "Two People" (1965) about a love affair between a New York stockbroker whose wife has left him and a 17-year-old Italian boy in Rome, and "Tanaquil" (1972), based on the life of George Platt Lynes. "Lost Friendships", a memoir of his friendship with Capote and Williams, was published in 1987. It has been regarded by some as his best book.
In June 2011 it was announced that Yale University will administer the Donald Windham-Sandy M. Campbell Literature Prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="9666858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666858" title="SOARA">
SOARA

The SOARA (Situation, Objective, Action, Results, Aftermath) is a Job interview technique. The SOARA technique is similar to the Situation, Task, Action, Result technique.

</doc>
<doc id="9666869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666869" title="1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene">
1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene

1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene is an organochlorine compound, one of three isomers of trichlorobenzene. It is a derivative of benzene with three chloride substituents. This a colorless liquid is used as a solvent for a variety of compounds and materials.
Production and uses.
Depending on the conditions and additives (e.g., sulfur), it can be the main product from the chlorination of benzene. It is virtually the exclusive product from the chlorination of 1,4-dichlorobenzene. It is also the main product from the dehydrochlorination of hexachlorocyclohexane.
Aside from its use as a solvent, this compound is useful precursor to dye and the pesticides.
Safety.
The LD50 (oral, rats) is 756 mg/kg. Animal studies have shown that 1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene affects the liver and kidney, and is possbly a teratogen. There is no regulated occupational exposure limit for chemical exposure, but the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health recommends no greater exposure than 5 ppm, over an 8-hour workday.

</doc>
<doc id="9666883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666883" title="IAS Cargo Airlines">
IAS Cargo Airlines

International Aviation Services Limited, trading as IAS Cargo Airlines from 1975, is a defunct wholly privately owned, independent British airline that was based at London Gatwick Airport in the United Kingdom. It commenced operations in 1967 and went bankrupt in 1980, following a merger with London Stansted based Trans Meridian Air Cargo (TMAC) to form the short-lived British Cargo Airlines.
History.
Beginning.
International Aviation Services Ltd was an air transport consultancy formed in 1966. It commenced worldwide cargo charters from London Gatwick in 1967 with leased, second-hand Bristol Britannia 300F turboprop equipment. It began replacing leased equipment with its own aircraft in 1971, acquired its own air operator's certificate in June 1972 in the name of International Aviation Services (UK) Ltd and adopted the IAS Cargo Airlines trading name four years later.
Commercial development.
IAS Cargo Airlines acquired additional, second-hand Britannia turboprop freighters as well as a Canadair CL-44 "swing tail" freighter during the early 1970s to expand its fleet in response to growing worldwide demand for its pure freight services.
Becoming a jet operator.
When the world's major scheduled airlines began re-equipping their fleets with new generation widebodied jet aircraft from the early 1970s, a growing number of older generation, narrowbodied jet planes, such as the Boeing 707 and the Douglas DC-8, became available on the second-hand market at prices smaller airlines that were lacking the resources to invest in new equipment could afford.
IAS Cargo Airlines became one of these smaller airlines that took advantage of this situation by purchasing its first DC-8-50F jet freighter in 1974. Jet operations commenced the following year. As business continued to expand, it introduced further DC-8-50Fs into its fleet during the second half of the 1970s.
By the end of the 1970s the company's fleet mainly consisted of DC-8-50Fs. By that time it was receiving a growing number of air freight consignments that were shipped to its Gatwick base from the "other side" of the Channel. In October 1978 the firm introduced its first larger capacity, "stretched" DC-8 "Super Sixty" series freighter, a -62CF wet-leased from Finnair."Airliner market", Air Transport, Flight International, 28 October 1978, p. 1546</ref>
Merging with a rival.
Stansted-based Trans Meridian Air Cargo (TMAC), another small independent UK all-cargo operator wholly owned by Trafalgar House subsidiary Cunard Steamship Co, had come into being in 1962. TMAC also operated a similar aircraft fleet consisting of the same aircraft types, including a pair of DC-8Fs. Therefore, combining both companies' businesses to achieve greater operational synergies as well as to attain greater economies of scale seemed to be the next "logical" step to ensure survival in a competitive market place dominated by bigger, more powerful rivals.
IAS Cargo Airlines merged with TMAC on 15 August 1979 to create British Cargo Airlines, which began trading under its new name five days later. The merged entity's fleet comprised 15 aircraft, including eight DC-8 jet freighters, six CL-44-D and one CL-44-0 turboprop freighters. The jets were based at Gatwick while the turboprops were stationed at Stansted.
Closing chapter.
The newly created British Cargo Airlines only had a brief life. It folded in March 1980.
Causes of collapse.
The main reasons for the combined entity's collapse included:
Incidents and accidents.
In 1977 IAS Cargo Airlines became indirectly involved in a fatal accident causing the loss of an aircraft bearing its name as part of a hybrid colour scheme. This hybrid colour scheme combined parts of IAS Cargo Airlines' livery with that of Dan-Air Services Ltd, one of the leading wholly privately owned, independent British airlines at the time that was the owner and operator of the crashed aircraft.[http://aviation-safety.net/photos/displayphoto.php?id=19770514-0&vnr=1&kind=PC] 
The accident itself involved one of Dan-Air's Boeing 707-321C freighters (registration G-BEBP), which IAS Cargo Airlines had operated under a so-called "wet lease" arrangement with Dan-Air, whereby the latter was providing the aircraft as well as flight deck crews and maintenance support under contract to the former. The aforesaid aircraft crashed on 14 May 1977 during the final approach to Lusaka Airport at the end of a non-scheduled all-cargo flight from London Heathrow via Athens and Nairobi when its right-hand horizontal stabiliser separated as a result of metal fatigue, causing a loss of pitch control and killing all six occupants.
Some air accident databases wrongly cite IAS Cargo Airlines as the operator of the aircraft involved in this accident despite Dan-Air being that aircraft's actual operator.[http://aviation-safety.net/database/record.php?id=19770514-0&lang=en]
A major industry debate on the maintenance requirements as well as service life limitations of high-time "geriatric" jets ensued as a result of this accident. 

</doc>
<doc id="9666884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666884" title="Patisambhidamagga">
Patisambhidamagga

The Patisambhidamagga (; Pali for "path of discrimination"; sometimes called just Patisambhida for short; abbrevs.: ) is a Buddhist scripture, part of the Pali Canon of Theravada Buddhism. It is included there as the twelfth book of the Sutta Pitaka's Khuddaka Nikaya. Tradition ascribes it to the Buddha's disciple Sariputta. It comprises 30 chapters on different topics, of which the first, on knowledge, makes up about a third of the book. 
History.
Tradition ascribes the Patisambhidamagga to the Buddha's great disciple, Sariputta. The text was dated by A.K. Warder to approximately 3rd century BCE. According to German tradition of Indology this text was likely composed around the 2nd century CE. L.S. Cousins in his review of Hinuber's overview of Pali literature notes that such a late dating must be a mistake based on unawareness of A.K. Warder's results, according to which the Patisambhidamagga represent an earlier stage of development of thought than Theravada canonical Abhidhamma treatises.
The Patisambhidamagga has been described as an "attempt to systematize the Abhidhamma" and thus as a possible precursor to the Visuddhimagga.
Overview.
The Patisambhidamagga has three divisions ("vagga") composed of ten "chapters" ("kathā") each for a total of thirty chapters. The three divisions are:
Translations.
Translation: "The Path of Discrimination", tr Nanamoli, 1982, Pali Text Society[http://www.palitext.com], Bristol
In addition, "Mindfulness of Breathing", tr Nanamoli, 1998 (6th ed.), Buddhist Publication Society, Kandy, Sri Lanka, includes a translation of the Anapanakatha in the Patisambhidamagga, along with the Anapanasati Sutta and other material from Pali literature on the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="9666902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666902" title="Bernard Friery">
Bernard Friery

Bernard "Barney" Friery (February 1843 or 1844 – August 17, 1866) was a New York City criminal and independent gang leader during the 1850s and 1860s. Along with five or six others, he entered the East Houston Street saloon of Henry Lazarus on the morning of January 3, 1865. One of the men, California Jack, offered a wager of $100 challenging anyone in the bar to a fight with one of the gang members. When no one responded to their offer, California Jack offered $10 to any man who could take the owner Henry Lazarus's pistol away from him. Having no pistol on him, Lazarus declined their offer. 
Friery then walked toward Lazarus offering to shake his hand and, when he refused, stabbed the saloon owner in the throat with a dirk, killing him instantly. Arrested soon after, he appeared before Judge Abraham D. Russell at the Court of General Sessions and convicted of first degree murder on February 17, 1865. Sentenced to death, he was executed by hanging on August 17, 1866 at the age of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="9666931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666931" title="South Asia Theological Research Institute">
South Asia Theological Research Institute

South Asia Theological Research Institute (SATHRI) was established by the Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College (BTESSC) in the year 1989. It is located at Mack House Complex in Serampore.
It offers doctoral programmes in theology.
Background.
In the eighties, the BTESSC and the Senate of Serampore College (University) saw the urgency to establish initially one advanced research centre in the country to:
research at doctoral and non-degree levels emphasizing its indigenous and contextual character. Intense planning and negotiation led to the establishment of SATHRI in 1989 in Bangalore as the research wing of the BTESSC to deal with the promotion of contextualized research, both at the degree and the non-degree levels.
It was meant to strengthen centres for research and to promote basic tools for theological education, to involve in publication of research work and to arrange for programmes that would strengthen the relationship between the theological institutions for the purpose of research.
Courses offered.
Doctor of Theology in the fields of:
Administration.
A Dean oversees the programmes of SATHRI under the supervision of a Committee on Research of the Senate of Serampore College (University).
The present Dean is Rev Dr H Vanlalauva.
Journal.
The SATHRI journal is an occasional bulletin published by SATHRI.

</doc>
<doc id="9666956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666956" title="Les Femmes Savantes">
Les Femmes Savantes

Les Femmes savantes ("The Learned Ladies") is a comedy by Molière in five acts, written in verse. A satire on academic pretention, female education, and préciosité (French for preciousness), it was one of his most popular comedies. It premiered at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal on 11 March 1672.
Short synopsis.
Two young people, Henriette and Clitandre, are in love, but in order to marry, they must overcome an obstacle: the attitude of Henriette's family. Her sensible father and uncle are in favour of the marriage; but unfortunately her father is under the thumb of his wife, Philaminte. And Philaminte, supported by Henriette's aunt and sister, wishes her to marry Trissotin, a "scholar" and mediocre poet with lofty aspirations, who has these three women completely in his thrall. For these three ladies are "learned"; their obsession in life is learning and culture of the most pretentious kind, and Trissotin is their special protégé and the fixture of their literary salon.
Detailed synopsis.
Act I.
In Scene 1, Henriette tells her sister Armande of her intention to marry Clitandre. Armande, after scolding Henriette for rejecting the pursuit of learning for domesticity, says that she believes that Clitandre, once her own suitor, is still in love with her, despite the fact she refused him because of her devotion to scholarship. In Scene 2, Clitandre arrives and makes it clear that Armande is deluding herself; her coldness killed his love for her, and he is now truly in love with Henriette. In Scene 3, the embittered Armande leaves and Henriette advises Clitandre to gain the consent of her mother (Philaminte), for it is she who dominates the family. Clitandre knows he must flatter Philaminte to gain her consent, but finds her "studies" foolish and cannot hide this. He meets Henriette's aunt Belise in Scene 4 and attempts to speak with her about his wish to marry Henriette, but Belise imagines that this is merely a subtle way of declaring that he loves her (Belise) and ignores what he is actually trying to say.
Act II.
Henriette's uncle Ariste addresses Clitandre in Scene 1 and assures him of his support. In Scene 2 Ariste begins to talk with Chrysale, her father; in Scene 3 he comes to the point and presents Clitandre's request for Chrysale's consent to marry Henriette. But Belise here interrupts, saying that he is wrong and in fact Clitandre loves her; Ariste responds by mocking her and pointing out she is always inventing suitors for herself. Belise leaves; in Scene 4, Chrysale consents to the marriage; when Ariste advises that he talk to his wife about it, Chrysale replies there is nothing to discuss and that he makes the decisions in this household. 
But the hollowness of this claim is revealed in Scene 5: Martine, the family servant, runs in, announcing she is being sent away by Philaminte. Philaminte and Belise enter in Scene 6 and reveal the motive for their anger at Martine: she has committed a terrible crime - bad grammar, which is worse, they say, than theft. In Scene 7, Chrysale reproaches his wife for neglecting common sense and ordinary household duties in her obsession with her studies and her patronage of Trissotin. But when Chrysale gingerly brings up the topic of Henriette's marriage in Scene 8, Philaminte interrupts before he can tell her the full story, and announces that she thinks it good that Henriette should marry, and that she has found the perfect husband for her: Trissotin. The weak Chrysale does not know how to reply; the ladies leave. When Ariste returns in Scene 9, Chrysale confesses his weakness to him, but resolves that he will no longer be ruled by his wife.
Act III.
Scene 1 opens at the ladies' literary salon, where Trissotin is amusing and instructing them. Henriette wanders in during Scene 2, and Philaminte forces her to stay and listen to Trissotin's reading of his own poems. Scene 3 sees the arrival of another scholar, Vadius; the ladies swoon over him when they learn he knows classical Greek, and line up to kiss him, ""pour l'amour du grec"" ("for the love of Greek"). Trissotin and Vadius then pay each other extravagant compliments; however, they then quarrel violently when Vadius criticises an anonymous sonnet which was in fact by Trissotin. Philaminte explains in Scene 4 why she has forced Henriette to stay; she announces her intention that Henriette marry Trissotin. Armande congratulates Henriette in Scene 5, and reminds her of her duty to obey their mother. Then Chrysale arrives and orders that Henriette marry Clitandre. Henriette is delighted; the learned ladies, especially Armande, are not.
Act IV.
In Scene 1, Armande is conducting a tirade against Clitandre. Clitandre appears in Scene 2 and asks why she hates him so. She replies that he betrayed her by falling in love with Henriette instead of continuing to love her (Armande) platonically. Philaminte concludes the conversation by repeating her intention that Henriette marry Trissotin. Trissotin appears in Scene 3 and has a verbal stoush with Clitandre concerning the value of scholarship. 
A letter arrives in Scene 4 from the bitter Vadius which informs Philaminte that Trissotin is only after her money. But she dismisses this and summons a notary to conduct the wedding immediately. Chrysale, informed of this in Scene 5, decides to thwart her plans and goes to look for his own notary.
Act V.
Henriette meets Trissotin in private in Scene 1 and begs him not to marry her, but he claims he is deeply in love with her. In Scene 2, Chrysale arrives accompanied by Martine, reaffirms that he is master of the household and demands to be obeyed. Philaminte and the learned ladies then arrive with a notary in Scene 3; when the notary asks who the bridegroom is, Philaminte and Chrysale each nominate a different man, and Martine defends Chrysale's choice. 
Ariste runs in Scene 4 with a shocking announcement; a decision has just been handed down in a long-running lawsuit that means the family is now ruined financially. Upon learning this, Trissotin tries to get out of the marriage, then confesses he was only interested in Henriette for her money, to Philaminte's fury. Ariste reveals that his story was untrue, a ruse to reveal Trissotin's true colours, and the play ends with the marriage of Clitandre and Henriette.

</doc>
<doc id="9666979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666979" title="Exbivirumab">
Exbivirumab

Exbivirumab is a human monoclonal antibody developed for the treatment of hepatitis B infections.

</doc>
<doc id="9666984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666984" title="Libivirumab">
Libivirumab

Libivirumab is a human monoclonal antibody directed against the hepatitis B virus.

</doc>
<doc id="9666989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9666989" title="Karl Johans Torg">
Karl Johans Torg

Karl Johans Torg (Swedish: "Square of Charles John") is a public square between the old town Gamla stan and Slussen in central Stockholm, Sweden.
Setting.
North of the square and behind the statue is the street Slussplan; the bridges and ramps of the southbound street Katarinavägen and the northbound quay Skeppsbron delimits the square to the west and to the east respectively; while the canal Karl Johanslussen forms the southern edge of the square. Under the bridge in the south-eastern corner of the square is the rock club Debaser, boasting some 1,500 artists since its opening in 2002. In summer, the lock and the occasionally dramatic passage of numerous pleasure boats and the accompanying families makes the square a popular spot to tourists and Stockholmers alike, while the club and its open-air restaurant, makes the space a natural hangout for a slightly younger audience. On the opposite side of the canal is an elevated space called Slussterrasen.
The statue.
The square is named after the presence of the equestrian statue of King Charles XIV John (1763–1844) today placed just north of the square but originally located south of the canal, and inaugurated November 4, 1854, on the 40th anniversary of the union between Sweden and Norway and four years after the inauguration of the lock of Nils Ericson. Designed by Bengt Erland Fogelberg (1786−1854), at the time located in Italy, the sculpture was cut in Rome and cast in Munich in 1852, while the tall base was cut in Carrara to the design of the artist. The original intentions of the sculptor was to have the statue facing east, the king's command baton pointing out the obvious enemy on the opposite side of the Baltic. When inaugurated, however, the statue was instead turned north towards the city, thus symbolizing the French general and the Bernadotte Dynasty which came with him, arriving to Stockholm to occupy the Swedish throne. 
When the Slussen area was adapted to modern traffic loads in 1935, the statue was turned south, pointing strait at the new and lively discussed roundabout. While the reason for this U-turn remains unelucidated, save for the fact the statue would otherwise be standing face to face with the façades north of the square, Sweden remains a monarchy and the Bernadotte Dynasty is still occupying the Royal Palace in the old town.
The lock.
The present lock was inaugurated in 1935 and the fourth to be built, preceded by a first horse-driven lock, called "Drottining Kristinas Sluss" ("Lock of Queen Christina"), constructed by two Dutch engineers and inaugurated in 1642; a second, "Polhems sluss" ("Lock of Polhem"), designed by and named after Christopher Polhem (1662–1751), and inaugurated in 1755; and a third, ("Nils Ericsons sluss") inaugurated in 1850 and designed by Nils Ericson (1802–1870) and located and still present under the statue.

</doc>
