<doc id="9824772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824772" title="Dim Mak Records">
Dim Mak Records

Dim Mak Records is an independent, Los Angeles, CA-based record label, events company, and lifestyle brand founded by Grammy-nominated producer/DJ Steve Aoki in 1996. The label is renowned for releasing cutting-edge music in punk, indie rock, hardcore, and electronic dance music amongst other genres. The label is driven by Aoki’s “Do It Yourself” ethos and the company’s “By Any Means Necessary” mantra. Dim Mak has broken various artists including The Bloody Beetroots, Bloc Party, The Kills, and Battles, The Gossip, Klaxons, MSTRKRFT, Felix Cartal, Datsik, and others. In 2014, the label celebrated its 500th official release with the King Babies EP from experimental art punk band The Death Set. Dim Mak’s current roster includes releases from Clockwork, Angger Dimas, Azari & III, Keys N Krates, Dirtyphonics, and many more.
Records.
Early Years (1996-2001).
Steve Aoki started Dim Mak Records at the age of 19 out of his college dorm at the University of California, Santa Barbara. In 2001, Dim Mak released one of the label’s first major projects with the self-titled debut EP from Pretty Girls Make Graves. Releases from The Kills and The Black Rooster followed the year after. Aoki relocated Dim Mak to Los Angeles in 2002 on the success of these projects.
Early 2000s.
In 2003, U.K. indie rock band Bloc Party personally mailed Aoki a 7-inch of the track “She’s Hearing Voices” and signed to Dim Mak shortly thereafter. Dim Mak teamed up with VICE, a subsidiary of Atlantic Records, and entered a major label deal for the first time. Dim Mak and Atlantic later released Bloc Party’s critically acclaimed and commercially successful Silent Alarm in 2005. Subsequently, Dim Mak continued to release indie/dance bands Neon Blonde, Be Your Own Pet, Klaxons, Scanners, and more.
In 2009, Dim Mak Records broke into the electronic dance music scene with the release of “Warp” from The Bloody Beetroots featuring Steve Aoki. The song became a worldwide club anthem and established Dim Mak as a player in the dance world.
Dim Mak continued to release commercially successful projects from MSTRKRFT (Fist of God), Battles (B EP), Fischerspooner, The Blood Brothers (Crimes), The Von Bondies (Raw and Rare), Dada Life]] (White Noise/Red Meat), and Atari Teenage Riot (Is this Hyperreal?).
2008-Present.
Key releases with various electronic music producers and DJs helped Dim Mak Records become a leading influencer in the dance music world recognized by media and industry reps alike. Off the success of “Warp” and Steve Aoki’s solo DJ career, Dim Mak continued to sign and break numerous electronic dance music producers like Azari & III, Datsik, Felix Cartal, and several others. By 2014 the roster had grown to boast artists such as Autoerotique, Angger Dimas, Botnek, Borgore, Coone, Clockwork, Deorro, Felix Cartal, Garmiani, Sound of Stereo, Yolanda Be Cool, and many more.
Events.
Dim Mak Tuesdays.
Dim Mak operates a full-service events department in addition to the label. From 2003-2014, Dim Mak held the weekly Dim Mak Tuesdays event at Dim Mak Studios (previously known as Cinespace) in Hollywood, CA. Dim Mak Tuesdays created a platform for many cutting-edge artists like Afrojack, Zedd, A-Trak, Lady Gaga, Borgore, Travis Barker, Kid Cudi, Justice, and Zeds Dead amongst many others to break out into the wider world of music. Dim Mak Tuesdays became synonymous with the burgeoning global electronic music scene and simultaneously helped define the Los Angeles electronic music landscape of the early 2000s by pioneering the integration between indie rock and dance music via guest DJ performances and curated remixes. In 2014, Dim Mak Tuesdays left Dim Mak Studios (Cinespace) and switched from a weekly event to a monthly event.
Banana Split Sundaes/Dim Mak Sundays.
In 2006, Steve Aoki and Dim Mak teamed up with the late producer DJ AM to launch the weekly Sunday party Banana Split Sundaes at Los Angeles nightclub LAX with featured performances from Z-Trip, Cut Chemist, So-Me, A-Trak, Busy P, and several more. The event ran until 2009 upon DJ AM’s death.
From 2010-2013, Dim Mak hosted the weekly Dim Mak Sundays party at Hollywood club Drai’s. Dim Mak Sundays featured performances from The Twelves, RAC, Foster the People, Jamie xx, Baauer, Flosstradamus, Bag Raiders, RL Grime, Fred Falke, Azari & III, Brenmar, and Chromeo among many others.
Touring/Festivals.
Dim Mak operates a touring department and also hosts specially Dim Mak-branded stages across numerous music festivals around the world. In the United States, Dim Mak has partnered with Hard Events (Los Angeles), Electric Daisy Carnival (Los Angeles and Las Vegas), Electric Forest (Michigan), Identity Festival (national tour), Beyond Wonderland (Los Angeles), and Electric Zoo (New York), hosting signature stages featuring performances by Dim Mak artists and friends. Dim Mak also launched the Deadmeat North American Tour in 2012 headlined by Steve Aoki, which took in over 40 tour dates throughout North America. In 2013, Dim Mak and Steve Aoki launched the North American Aokify America Tour headlined by Steve Aoki featuring Borgore and Waka Flocka Flame as direct support with Pharrell Williams on select dates and a rotating cast of Dim Mak artists as support acts. In 2013, Dim Mak hosted the Dim Mak Up All Night Stage at the inaugural TomorrowWorld in Chattahoochee Hills, GA.
In Europe, Dim Mak has presence at several festivals like Beatpatrol (Vienna), Get Loaded (London), Optimus Alive! (Lisbon), and Tomorrowland (Belgium). Dim Mak has produced the main stage at the Playground Festival (Jakarta), We Love Sounds/Winterland Soundsystem Festival (Australia), and Future Music Festival (Australia).
Lifestyle.
Dim Mak operates a lifestyle and clothing brand, which includes the official Dim Mak and Steve Aoki apparel line. Previous collaborations include Adidas, Diesel, Fig & Viper, Factory 413 (Krew), RVCA, Levi’s, 55DSL, and Han Cholo. National retail stores Forever 21 and Spencer’s have also carried Dim Mak and Steve Aoki branded apparel in their stores. In 2013, Steve Aoki collaborated with apparel line Neff, which became the #1-selling design at national retailer Zumies at launch.
Discography.
Notes.
Some Steve Aoki releases are co-released alongside Ultra Records as well as Dim Mak Records, however they are officially categorized under the Ultra Records discography, it is also the same for other artists such as The Bloody Beetroots.
A release by the artist Tai entitled "Indian Kill EP" was removed from digital download in early 2013 as its title was seen as offensive.
The artist SonicC was recently deceased due to a traffic accident. His unnamed forthcoming EP is not due to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="9824816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824816" title="Thirteener">
Thirteener

In mountaineering in the United States, a thirteener is a mountain that exceeds above mean sea level, similar to the more familiar "fourteeners," which exceed . In most instances, "thirteeners" refers only to those peaks between 13,000 and 13,999 feet in elevation.
The importance of thirteeners is greatest in Colorado, which has the majority of such peaks in North America with over 600 of them. Despite the daunting number of peaks, a few dedicated peak baggers have successfully managed to climb all of Colorado's thirteeners. Thirteeners are also significant in states whose highpoints fall between 13,000 and 13,999 feet. Regarding whether or not peaks in excess of 13,999 feet should be considered as "thirteeners", this article will count them as such for statistical purposes, but concentrate its focus on those peaks less than 14,000 feet since the higher peaks are already covered in the fourteeners list.
Not all summits over 13,000 feet qualify as thirteeners, but only those summits that mountaineers consider to be independent. Objective standards for independence include topographic prominence and isolation (distance from a higher summit), or a combination. However thirteener lists do not always consistently use such objective rules. A rule commonly used by mountaineers in the contiguous United States is that a peak must have at least of prominence to qualify. According to the Mountaineering Club of Alaska, it is standard in Alaska to use a prominence rule rather than a 300 foot rule. These are the standards applied for the lists below.
List of United States thirteeners by state.
Thirteeners are found in nine U.S. states. This table summarizes their numbers based on each state's prominence criteria:
Colorado.
By the most detailed count, Colorado has 637 peaks that exceed and meet the prominence criteria, of which 53 are fourteeners. The highest of them less than 14,000 feet are as follows (the rank includes higher peaks):
Surprisingly, Grizzly Peak is not only the name of Colorado's highest thirteener, but the state has four other Grizzly Peaks plus one Grizzly Mountain on the list:
Other notable Colorado thirteeners not named "Grizzly" include:
California.
California has the second greatest number of thirteeners with 147 of them, of which 11 are fourteeners (these counts exclude Mount Muir, which may not have 300 ft prominence). The highest under 14,000 feet are as follows (the rank includes higher peaks):
Other notable California thirteeners include:
Alaska.
Alaska has at least 41 thirteeners that meet its more stringent prominence criteria of 500 ft, of which 20 are also fourteeners. Different sources list varying numbers of 13,000+ ft peaks in the state, mainly because many of the peaks (especially those that are sub-peaks of a higher mountain) are unnamed and have no spot elevations given on the USGS topographical maps. The following list may miss a few peaks that should be included:
Wyoming.
Wyoming has 34 thirteeners with at least 300 ft of prominence, but no fourteeners. 30 of the 34 are located in the rugged and remote Wind River Range. The highest of them are:
Other notable Wyoming thirteeners include: 
Utah.
Utah has 17 thirteeners with at least 300 ft of prominence, but no fourteeners. All of them are located in the remote Uinta Mountains near the Wyoming border, with none in the more famous Wasatch Range. Only nine of these thirteeners even have official names, the others (including those ranked 5–9) are merely unnamed sub-peaks with sufficient prominence to qualify. The highest of the thirteeners are:
New Mexico.
New Mexico has 3 thirteeners, all located within about of each other in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains.
Hawaii.
Hawaii has two thirteeners, the great shield volcanoes which comprise the bulk of the Big Island of Hawaii.
Nevada.
Nevada has only a single thirteener that meets the threshold for inclusion, Wheeler Peak in Great Basin National Park with an impressive of prominence. However, the highest point in the state is Boundary Peak, which is a sub-peak of California's Montgomery Peak with only of prominence.
Washington.
Mount Rainier is the only mountain in Washington state that exceeds , and it has two summits that meet the prominence criteria, both of which are included on the list of fourteeners.

</doc>
<doc id="9824852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824852" title="Edusat">
Edusat

Edusat or EDUSAT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9824896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824896" title="Harriet von Rathlef">
Harriet von Rathlef

Harriet Ellen Siderowna von Rathlef-Keilmann, (3 January 1887 – 1 May 1933), was a German sculptor and writer of children's books.
Keilmann was born to a prominent Jewish family in Riga, Livonia, a province of the Russian Empire. In 1908 she married in Riga Harald von Rathlef, a lieutenant in the Czarist Regiment of the Alexander Hussars. The couple had four children. The family escaped revolutionary Russia from Riga to Berlin on Dec. 28, 1918. She divorced her husband in 1922 and supported her children with the income from her sculptures, graphics and illustrations. 
In 1925 Rathlef became a major proponent of Anna Anderson's claim to be Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. She befriended the claimant and wrote a series of articles about her. In the same year she converted to Roman Catholicism.
Rathlef, who was involved in artistic circles and social causes in Berlin, was forced to resign from the Society of Berlin Women Artists when Adolf Hitler rose to power. Alarmed by the political developments in Nazi Germany, Rathlef hoped to leave the country. Before she could make definite plans, Rathlef died in Berlin on 1 May 1933 of a burst appendix. 
In Falk Harnack's 1956 film, "The Story of Anastasia", Rathlef-Keilmann was portrayed by German actress Käthe Braun.

</doc>
<doc id="9824899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824899" title="Bazley, KwaZulu-Natal">
Bazley, KwaZulu-Natal

Bazley is a residential beach town along the South Coast of Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. 
It was named after John Bazley — an engineer and Byrne Immigrant whose son William successfully opened the Mzimkulu River mouth for shipping in the 1880s, at the place now known as Port Shepstone. Bazley / Bazley Beach can be found on the Umdoni Coast of KwaZulu Natal in South Africa. John Bazley first arrived in the area in 1859 and set up camp on the banks of the Ifafa River. After a fairly good start, his farming activities grew and he was granted of land for sugar farming. He worked hard and prospered. Within two years, he had established a sugar mill. Today, Bazley is a quiet and tranquil cove for lazy days on the beach and destressing.
It is only accessible from the Sezela motorway turn off.
References.
2. Denzil Bazley. Nil Desperandum, the Bazley Story. Published in 2000 by the Royle Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9824912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824912" title="Maragua">
Maragua

Maragua is a town in the Central Province of Kenya. It is the capital of the Maragua District. The town is located along Thika–Sagana road just 10 km south of Murang'a. Maragua town has an urban population of 4,286 and a total population of 27,384 (1999 census [http://treasury.go.ke/cbs.go.ke/pdf/authority.pdf]). Norwegian-Kenyan singer Stella Mwangi was born in Maragua.

</doc>
<doc id="9824921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824921" title="Ashford Caves">
Ashford Caves

The Ashford Caves Karst Conservation Reserve contains an outcrop of coralline limestone. It is about 8 km west of the former Ashford coal mine, north of Ashford and not far from the Queensland border town of Texas, Queensland. Originally on a private property, the Ashford Limestone caves are now part of the Kwiambal National Park. A basic camping ground called 'Lemon Tree Flat' is nearby (within a 10 km Radius) as are the Macintyre Falls.
The large arch-shaped opening was made to access the phosphate (guano) resources for use as fertilizer, which has been quite profitable. Prospects of mining limestone at this location have been explored, but dismissed as unviable.
A colony of Eastern Bentwing Bats a subspecies of the Common Bent-wing Bat inhabits the cave system and breeds from November through March.

</doc>
<doc id="9824925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824925" title="Tomasz Kołodziejczak">
Tomasz Kołodziejczak

Tomasz Kołodziejczak (born October 13, 1967 in Warsaw) is a Polish science fiction and fantasy writer, screenwriter, publisher and editor of books, comics and role-playing games.
He made his debut in 1985 with the short story "Kukiełki" ("Rag Dolls") in Przegląd Techniczny. He has published several novels: "Wybierz swoją śmierć" ("Choose Your Own Death"), "Krew i Kamień" ("Blood and the Stone"), "Kolory sztandarów" ("Colors of the Flags"), and "Schwytany w światła" ("Caught in the Lights"), as well as the short-story collections "Wrócę do ciebie, kacie" ("I’ll Come Back to You, Hangman"), "Przygody rycerza Darlana" ("The Adventures of Darlan the Knight"); and a game, "Rzeźbiarze Pierścieni" ("Sculptors of the Rings"). He has been nominated seven times for the Janusz A. Zajdel Award and received it in 1996 for the novel "Kolory sztandarów". Recently, readers have nominated his short story "Czerwona Mgła" ("The Red Fog") for the Zajdel Award in 2012. Currently, he is working on a novel based on the world introduced in this story. In 2008 he published a graphic novel for children, "Darlan i Horwazy – Złoty Kur" ("Darlan and Horwazy: The Golden Hen"), with art by Krzysztof Kopeć. He is a three-time winner of the Śląkfa Award (for both publishing and fan activity) and winner of the Papcio Chmiel Award for his services to Polish comics. His novels and short stories have been translated into Czech, English, Lithuanian and Russian. He is the author of reviews and literary features, editor of two magazines, Voyager and Magia i Miecz, compiler of anthologies, and presenter of programs about popular culture on television and radio. He is a member of the literary group Klub Tfurcuf. Currently, he is a publisher of comics and board games at the publishing house Egmont Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9824932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824932" title="Steeplejack (Marvel Comics)">
Steeplejack (Marvel Comics)

Steeplejack is the name of two fictional characters in Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
The first Steeplejack appeared in "Luke Cage, Power Man" #18 (April 1974), and was created by Len Wein and George Tuska.
Maxwell Plumm first appeared in "Luke Cage, Power Man" #18 (April 1974), and was created by Len Wein and George Tuska. He first appeared as the second Steeplejack in "Ms. Marvel" #14 (February 1978), by Chris Claremont and Carmine Infantino. The character subsequently appears in "Captain America" #319 (July 1986), in which he was killed by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Fictional character biography.
Jake Mallard.
Jack Mallard was the first criminal to go by the name Steeplejack. He was a construction worker, and he and his two brothers were employed by contractor Maxwell Plumm. As Plumm unethically cut corners and safety and materials, Mallard's two brothers fell to their deaths when a girder slipped its cable in a sudden wind. He blamed Plumm and vowed vengeance, becoming the first Steeplejack. He attacked Plumm and was about to hurl him to his death from a construction site, when Power Man intervened. Steeplejack fought Cage, and then hurled Plumm from the building, and fled. Cage saved Plumm, who swiftly agreed to hire Cage for protection.
That night, Steeplejack returned to the construction site to sabotage it, and Power Man emerged from hiding to battle Steeplejack. During the fight, Steeplejack fell on one of the girders he had weakened, and it gave with the impact. Mallard plunged several stories towards the street, and the impact caused his fuel tanks to explode, apparently killing him.
Maxwell Plumm.
Maxwell Plumm took the designs and outfit of the first Steeplejack. He fought Ms. Marvel and lost. He attended the final bash at the “Bar With No Name,” and was shot to death by the Scourge of the Underworld.
<br clear ="all">
Steeplejack III.
Roderick Kingsley later sold the Steeplejack gear to an unknown criminal. Steeplejack, Ringer III, and Tumbler IV are shown to be in the services of Roderick Kinglsley. They were later ambushed by the Goblin King's servants Menace and Monster (the "Goblin" form of Carlie Cooper). Steeplejack is killed by Goblin Knight.
Equipment.
Steeplejack's body suit offers protection from physical attacks. His multipurpose acetylene gun could fire force blasts, energy blasts, a wire slipknot, and heat and light.

</doc>
<doc id="9824971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824971" title="Hijacker (comics)">
Hijacker (comics)

Hijacker is a fictional American comic book character owned by Marvel Comics who exists in that company's Marvel Universe.
Hijacker was a gimmick-laden villain who specialized in stealing technology for later resale in criminal auctions.
Publication history.
Hijacker first appeared in "Tales to Astonish" #40 (February 1963), and was created by Stan Lee, Larry Lieber and Jack Kirby.
The character subsequently appears in "Marvel Two-In-One" #24 (February 1977), #96 (February 1983), and "Captain America" #319 (July 1986), in which he was killed by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Fictional character biography.
Hijacker was first defeated by Ant-Man, and later by Black Goliath and the Thing. He was good at last-moment “rabbit out of the hat” tricks that no one expected. He returned for vengeance on the Thing after the hero was hospitalized. He used a tank similar in appearance to his last one, but it was not as durable and Iron Man made quick work of it. 
Hijacker attended the “Bar With No Name” massacre. Without his gimmicks and protection, he proved easy prey for the Scourge of the Underworld.
Hijacker was later among the eighteen criminals, all murdered by the Scourge, to be resurrected by Hood using the power of Dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the Punisher. He carries over a dozen different kinds of gases in his backpack, and has his giant impenetrable tank. Hijacker chases the Punisher in his tank, but the Punisher escapes by using Pym particles to shrink down and get into the tank; after taking control of the tank, Punisher crashes it into the building where Basilisk was holding G. W. Bridge and uses the gases on Basilisk.
In the cleanup following Spider-Island, he attempted an opportunistic bank heist, but was noticed and pursued by Venom. During the chase, he accidentally ran over a mother and her child, causing Flash to lose his temper and bite Hijacker's head off.
Equipment.
Hijacker gained his abilities from his heavy body-suit, which provided the power for his weapons. His heavy, brown, reinforced fabric suit provided protection against physical, energy, heat, fire, and cold attacks. When sealed with his odd-looking helmet, Hijacker had his own 4-hour oxygen supply and was immune to gases.
Hijacker’s main weapon was a multifunction gun called a “Vario-Blaster,” attached to the belt of his outfit by a cable. With his weapon, Hijacker could fire: “nuclear flame,” knock-out nerve gas, damaging projectiles, “ionic blasts,”, and an “activator beam” which activated any nearby machinery.
Hijacker’s “Crime-Tank” was a heavily armored fort on spiked treads. This mobile base was an off-road vehicle, and had electromagnets as weapons. This tank was destroyed by the Thing and Black Goliath.

</doc>
<doc id="9824983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824983" title="Aud Egede-Nissen">
Aud Egede-Nissen

Aud Egede-Nissen (30 May 1893 – 15 November 1974) was a Norwegian actress, appearing in many early 20th-century German films.
Biography.
Born in Bergen, Norway in 1893, Egede-Nissen was one of six daughters of Norwegian politician Adam Egede-Nissen; she also had five brothers.
Aud made her acting debut in Norwegian director Bjørn Bjørnson's 1913 film "Scenens børn". She worked on her first German film one year later. In 1916, she appeared in Otto Rippert's six-part sci-fi serial "Homunculus". Also that year, she starred as the character "Christine Daaé" in the now lost film Ernst Matray-directed German adaptation of Gaston Leroux's novel "The Phantom of the Opera" opposite Swedish actor Nils Olaf Chrisander.
She worked with many noted directors of early German cinema, including Ernst Lubitsch, Fritz Lang, Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau, Karl Grune, and Gerhard Lamprecht. Egede-Nissen's German film career came to an end with the advent of sound films, though she did return to Norway to make two films there in the 1940s.
Egede-Nissen was twice married to actors. In 1917 she married the German actor Georg Alexander (1888-1945), by whom she had had her son Georg (1915-1972) two years earlier; from 1924 to 1931 she was married to the Austrian actor Paul Richter (1895–1961). Richter adopted her then nine-year-old son, who later, under the name Georg Richter, became known as an actor and film producer.
Four younger sisters and two younger brothers all became actors as well: Gerd Grieg (1895–1988), Ada Kramm (1899–1981), Oscar Egede-Nissen (1903–1976), Stig Egede-Nissen (1907–1988), Lill Egede-Nissen (1909–1962) and Gøril Havrevold (1914–1992).
Aud Egede-Nissen died in Oslo on 15 November 1974 at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="9824984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824984" title="CMT Most Wanted Live">
CMT Most Wanted Live

CMT Most Wanted Live, or MWL, is a country music video countdown show which aired on CMT from 2001 to 2004.
History.
"Most Wanted Live" was a country music spin-off of sister network MTV's "Total Request Live", which features mostly pop, rap, and R&B videos. The original format of "MWL" was nearly identical to "TRL", but it was altered several times and encountered two host changes throughout its three-year run. Much like "TRL", viewers cast their votes online at CMT's website or via a toll-free telephone number. A total of ten videos were counted down daily, but not all ten would be aired in their entirety due to time constraints.
"MWL" debuted May 28, 2001, broadcasting live with a small studio audience from the lobby of the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in downtown Nashville, Tennessee. The show initially aired in afternoons Tuesday through Friday. Co-hosting the show were Lance Smith and Amber Mogg, both in their early twenties at the time. During this era, the show was targeted at the youth demographic, featuring many baby blue and pink colors on-screen and a graphics scheme modeled after the periodic table of elements. Insets of studio audience members commenting on the current video as well as internet messages from across the country were included into the show, much like "TRL". Often, country music stars would appear for live, acoustic performances. Smith and Mogg would together present the videos and interact with the audience, and Mogg alone would periodically deliver country music news and artist updates.
On January 5, 2002, after a holiday hiatus, the show's broadcast location was moved across town to the Gibson Bluegrass Showcase at Opry Mills mall. Though the format remained mostly the same, the show was retooled, aiming for a more mature audience. The periodic table scheme remained, but the show was given a darker, more rustic color scheme. The number of videos shown was reduced from ten to eight. The audience insets were also eliminated, but the internet messages remained. It was at this time, also, that "MWL" experienced its first host change. Amber Mogg left CMT and Lance Smith was moved to the network's "Top Twenty Countdown" show. Katie Cook and Greg Martin replaced Smith and Mogg. As part of the move to Opry Mills, the show added a Saturday airing, to act as a lead-in to "Opry Backstage", which itself was a lead-in to CMT's live coverage of the "Grand Ole Opry". Another host change occurred with less fanfare in October 2002, when Greg Martin was released. He was quickly replaced by Cledus T. Judd, a face with which many country music fans were already familiar.
"Most Wanted Live" was reduced to a once-weekly Saturday airing in 2003 and again moved its broadcast location, this time to the Wildhorse Saloon in downtown Nashville. The periodic table scheme was lost in the move, as was the basic format of the show. The move to Saturday would often result in the show being taped in advance (against its own name), and the show would sometimes feature an on-stage performance from the Wildhorse.
CMT's final airing of "MWL" was April 3, 2004.
MWL Hall of Fame.
Songs which appeared on the "Great Eight" for 65 days, or spent 50 days at #1, were retired from the countdown and inducted into the "MWL Hall of Fame". In summer 2002, when the show began airing special episodes such as "MWL Summer Request" or "MWL Mystery", the number of days necessary for retirement was reduced to 50. The following videos were inducted into the "MWL Hall of Fame":
Spin-offs.
"Most Wanted Live", itself a spin-off, spawned two of its own. 
On January 13, 2003, CMT launched "MWL Star", an interview series focusing on one artist per episode. The series was hosted by Katie Cook. "MWL Star" ended its run on June 3, 2003 and its replacement, "MWL Stacked", debuted the same day. "Stacked" is a thirty-minute show featuring wall-to-wall videos from a single artist or group. When "MWL" was canceled, "MWL Stacked" became known as "CMT Stacked", and it remains on the air sporadically .
Tour.
Two concert tours also carried the show's name. The "CMT Most Wanted Live Tour" traversed North America in 2002 and 2003, headlined by Brad Paisley and Rascal Flatts respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="9825000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825000" title="Thomas Turner à Beckett">
Thomas Turner à Beckett

Thomas Turner à Beckett (13 September 1808 – 1 July 1892) was a lawyer and politician in colonial Victoria (Australia), member of the Victorian Legislative Council.
à Beckett was born in London, England, son of William à Beckett (senior), brother of Sir William à Beckett and Gilbert Abbott à Beckett. Thomas was educated at Westminster School. In 1829 he joined his father in practice as a solicitor. Before leaving London, Thomas a'Beckett published ""Remarks on the Present State of the Law of Debtor and Creditor"", 1844; ""Railway Litigation, and How to Check It"", 1846; ""Law-reforming Difficulties: a Letter to Lord Brougham"", 1849.
à Beckett migrated to Victoria, Australia, in 1850 and was called to the Victorian Bar a year later. From 1852 to 1856 he was a nominee member of the unicameral Victorian Legislative Council. In October 1858 à Beckett was elected to the Central Province of the new Council (since 1856 the upper house of the Victorian parliament). This was a seat he held until August 1878.
à Beckett was in office twice when he was a Minister without portfolio from 1860 to 1861 and the Commissioner for Trade and Customs 1870 until 1871. In 1870 he was chairman of the Royal Commission on the civil service. Between 1854 and 1887 Beckett was the Registrar of the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne as well as for a part of this time becoming a member of the University Council and he became the trustee of the Public Library.
à Beckett published ""A Comparative View of Court Fees and Attorneys' Charges"", 1854; ""A Defence of State Aid to Religion"", 1856; ""State Aid Question—Strictures on Pamphlets of Dr. Cairns"", 1856. Mr. a'Beckett from time to time delivered lectures at the Industrial and Technological Museum, Melbourne. Several of these, including "Painting and Painters," have been published.
à Beckett retired from the Legislative Council during 1878 and from all public duties in 1887, at the age of 79 years. he died in Brighton, Victoria, on 1 July 1892. His eldest son, Thomas à Beckett, was also a solicitor; later a judge.

</doc>
<doc id="9825003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825003" title="Bloody Run (Iowa)">
Bloody Run (Iowa)

Bloody Run is a creek tributary to the Mississippi River. It mainly flows through Clayton County, Iowa. It enters the Mississippi below Marquette, Iowa and just above Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin on the opposite shore. Bloody Run contains a single railroad track which have variously belonged to the Milwaukee Road and Soo Line Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9825029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825029" title="Tatjana Blacher">
Tatjana Blacher

Tatjana Blacher (born 18 May 1956 in Berlin) is a German actress. She is the daughter of composer Boris Blacher and pianist Gerty Blacher-Herzog. Blacher studied at the Max Reinhardt seminar and at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute. She is mostly known for her role as Edith Frank in "". She has been on many TV shows and has a son named Josh. She is multi-talented. She has had professional training in singing and dancing. She comes from Berlin, Germany and speaks fluent German as well as English. She had started her career in 1997 in her debut movie called "Resie in die Dunkelheit".

</doc>
<doc id="9825034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825034" title="Fischia il vento">
Fischia il vento

Fischia il vento is an Italian popular song whose text was written in September 1943, at the inception of the resistenza. The lyricist was Felice Cascione (2 May 1918 - 27 January 1944) and the intention was to spur on the partisan movement. The music is that of the Russian popular song "Katyusha." Along with "Bella ciao" it is one of the most famous songs celebrating the resistance.

</doc>
<doc id="9825059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825059" title="Cytokine receptor">
Cytokine receptor

Cytokine receptors are receptors that bind cytokines.
In recent years, the cytokine receptors have come to demand the attention of more investigators than cytokines themselves, partly because of their remarkable characteristics, and partly because a deficiency of cytokine receptors has now been directly linked to certain debilitating immunodeficiency states. In this regard, and also because the redundancy and pleiotropy of cytokines are, in fact, a consequence of their homologous receptors, many authorities are now of the opinion that a classification of cytokine receptors would be more clinically and experimentally useful.
Classification.
A classification of cytokine receptors based on their three-dimensional structure has been attempted. (Such a classification, though seemingly cumbersome, provides several unique perspectives for attractive pharmacotherapeutic targets.)
Solubility.
Cytokine receptors may be both membrane-bound and soluble. "Soluble cytokine receptors" are extremely common regulators of cytokine function.

</doc>
<doc id="9825068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825068" title="Cherax quinquecarinatus">
Cherax quinquecarinatus

Cherax quinquecarinatus is a small freshwater crayfish endemic to the south-west corner of Australia. It is one of two species known as gilgie, or jilgi, which is a seasonal food source for people of the region. Gilgies are found throughout a biogeographically isolated region of the coastal south of Western Australia and significant in the ecology of aquatic systems of that bioregion.
Description.
Reaching a maximum of 130 mm, "C. quinquecarinatus" is one of the smallest in the genus "Cherax". They vary in colour from light to black-brown. 
Their heads have 5 keels, two pairs of spines at rostrum and none on their telson. Their chelipeds are rounded and narrow and are often speckled. While restricted to southwestern Western Australia, it has the widest distribution in the biogeographic region. It is found in all habitats containing freshwater crayfish, congenors such as "Cherax tenuimanus" (marron), or the genus "Engaewa".
The species has been traditionally hunted by tribes in the region. This involved an elaborate seasonal rituals relating to taboos of eating. It has been claimed that this was linked to an early form of environmentalism and sustainability. Family groups (moieties) would establish temporary claim to territory and lay fishtraps and use scoops to gather marron and jilgi. Some tribes travelled great distances to join the hunt and each indigenous group carried unique and particular oral traditions regarding this practice. Indigenous artwork has been shown to actually convey important information about different species and selective harvesting. The Nyungah people are also known to have caught and eaten the animal.
In Western Australia, recreational fishing (marroning) will include gilgies in the catch, but it is not considered to be a commercial species.
Ecology.
The gilgie lives in permanent and temporary water courses in the South of Western Australia. 
It can survive periods of drought through a process called aestivation - burrowing down and entering a state of dormancy.
They are widely found within the region, having a greater range of environments. These can include permanent lakes and areas receiving water for 5–7 months of the year. 
It lives in complex and narrow environments, such as silty river beds between fallen trees, feeding on decaying organic matter and receiving protection from predation. 
The animal undergoes many moults and these decrease with age. Sexual maturity can occur from two years and at half their fully mature size. Spawning occurs from late winter to early summer.
Their conservation is that of all the freshwater crayfish species of the South West, recognised as having a high degree of importance due to the long term isolation of the bioregion. However, protection of the two endemic genera is usually focused on the commercial species. Few studies have been made to the specific threat. The region has undergone extensive logging and intensive cultivation which are known to have impacted upon the water tables and courses. The species is sensitive to pollutants such as petroleum products and organochlorines and is known to accumulate heavy metals.
The species is assumed to have an integral role, through the consumption of decaying organic matter, in the ecology of its region and contributing to the biodiversity. High sensitivity to toxins and pollutants has been seen as an indicator of the presence of these within a habitat.
Some populations have been exposed to porcelain disease ("Thelohania") and the introduction of crayfish diseases threaten entire populations.
The gilgie is used in permaculture gardens in Western Australia. They enable ponds and pools to be self-sustaining.

</doc>
<doc id="9825073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825073" title="Henry Rousso">
Henry Rousso

Henry Rousso (born in 1954 in Cairo) is a contemporary French historian specializing in World War II France.
He studied at the École normale supérieure de Saint-Cloud, the Sorbonne, and the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris.
Rousso's notable work includes a seminal book on Vichy France entitled "The Vichy Syndrome" (1987) where he coined a phrase commonly used to describe the era, "passé qui ne passe pas" ("past that doesn't pass" - the expression was possibly inspired by Ernst Nolte's June 6, 1986 article entitled "Die Vergangenheit, die nicht vergehen will" — "The past that does not want to pass away").
Rousso currently serves as Director of Research at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) with which he has been involved since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9825087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825087" title="Roundscale spearfish">
Roundscale spearfish

Tetrapturus georgii, the Roundscale spearfish, is a species of marlin native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Portugal to Madeira, the Canary Islands to northern Africa and the western Mediterranean Sea to Sicily. It is suspected that it may be more widespread. It is believed to inhabit open waters. This species can reach a length of FL and the heaviest recorded fish weighed in at .

</doc>
<doc id="9825111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825111" title="Columbus Chill">
Columbus Chill

The Columbus Chill was a professional ice hockey team that played in the East Coast Hockey League from October 1991 through the 1998-99 season. They played at the Ohio Expo Center Coliseum in Columbus, Ohio. The Chill left Columbus in 1999 and relocated to Reading, Pennsylvania. The Columbus Chill are now known as the Reading Royals.
History.
The Chill.
The Columbus Chill burst onto the sports scene - first locally, then nationally - as an expansion team in the East Coast Hockey League (now ECHL). The Chill followed three previous minor-league hockey franchises in the International Hockey League that failed in Ohio's capital city: Checkers, 1966-1970; Seals, 1971–73 and Owls, 1973-77.
Chicago businessman and sports entrepreneur Horn Chen, purchased the rights to the franchise in the spring of 1991, with the intent of placing it in Cleveland, but new team President/General Manager David Paitson convinced him that Columbus was the right market.
Paitson hired former NHL player Terry Ruskowski a.k.a. "Rosco" as head coach. The team started with the simple goal of introducing new audiences to the sport of ice hockey and building a strong fan base.
Instead, the Chill became a cultural phenomenon inspiring a city-wide passion and excitement. With their counter-culture attitude, risky in-your-face marketing and creative promotional strategy, the Chill quickly built an impressive and loyal fan following and garnered the attention of the media in the United States and Canada.
The team's aggressive marketing campaign received unprecedented coverage for a minor-league hockey team through "The Wall Street Journal" (which described the Chill as "hockey for the hip"), "Sports Illustrated", "The Hockey News" and "ABC World News Sunday". "Columbus Monthly" said, "Going to a Chill game is like walking into the world's largest dorm party," and named it the city's "Best Sporting Event" in 1992 and 1993. The "American Marketing Association" would recognize the Chill as "best marketing project" in 1994 and the "Canadian Broadcasting Company" proclaimed- "(the) Chill is the most successful minor league franchise in history."
Although initially not successful on the ice, the Chill was a huge marketing success through their outlandish promotions, edgy and sometimes "borderline-offensive print ads and biting radio and TV commercials."
Beginning in January 1992, the Chill sold out 83 straight games - more than tripling the previous minor-league hockey mark. It was a standard that would last for nearly a decade. The Chill would sell out more than 80 percent of their games during their eight-year history in the 5,600-seat Ohio State Fairgrounds Expo Coliseum, which opened in 1918 and was the oldest building to house a pro team.
While the Chill regularly filled the building, it would take Ruskowski three seasons to reach the playoffs, doing so in 1994. The Chill would go on to win division championships in 1997 and 1999 and make the playoffs five of eight seasons.
Ruskowski would become the ECHL's first coach to be promoted to the Triple-A level when he became the coach of the expansion Houston Aeros of the International Hockey League in June 1994. All four Chill coaches (Ruskowski, Moe Mantha, Brian McCutcheon and Don Granato) would advance through the ranks with two (McCutcheon, Buffalo Sabres and Granato, St. Louis Blues) becoming NHL assistant coaches. McCutcheon would be named the 1997 ECHL Coach-of-the-Year. Paitson was named 1997 ECHL Executive-of-the-Year.
A near disastrous scheduling snafu by Fairgrounds officials in the fall of 1992 that, unbeknownst to the Chill, would have eliminated many of the home games in the second half of the season nearly cost the city its franchise. The problem was quickly resolved after enormous public pressure.
The united show of force helped trigger formation of a downtown arena study and talk of NHL expansion. The Chill was deeply involved in the process from the onset with Paitson appointed as the sole hockey/sports representative to the 10-person Sports Facilities Work Group that included members from the city, chamber of commerce, county and convention authority.
The Chill actively promoted the city's efforts to build a downtown arena and in 1994 publicly committed to be the major tenant. In June 1996, Paitson was part of a delegation that went to New York to inform National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman that Columbus was interested in an NHL franchise.
In February 1997, the Franklin County Commissioners approved putting a 0.5 percent, three-year sales tax on the May ballot to help finance the construction of a $277 million complex that included a 21,000-seat arena and a 30,000-seat soccer stadium for the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer.
Issue One was defeated at the ballot on May 6, 1997, just days before the NHL was to announce its decision on expansion. Three days later, the NHL granted Columbus and other expansion city hopefuls more time to resolve their arena problems.
On June 2, 1997, the arena portion of the project was rescued as Nationwide Realty, Inc. announced it would build the arena privately. John H. McConnell, founder of Worthington Industries, stepped forward to become the principal owner of the NHL expansion franchise, later to be named the Columbus Blue Jackets.
The NHL board of governors on June 25, 1997, approved Columbus, Atlanta, Minnesota and Nashville as expansion cities.
With the impending arrival of the Blue Jackets' first game in October 2000, the 1998-99 ECHL season would be the Chill's final one as the team was voluntarily suspended. As part of an agreement with McConnell, Chen would receive a small ownership stake in the Blue Jackets.
Suspension and Relocation.
After the 1998-1999 season, the Chill suspended operations for both the 1999-2000 and the 2000-2001 ECHL season's after the arrival of the Columbus Blue Jackets. The Columbus Chill were sold and relocated to Reading, Pennsylvania during their two-year inactive status to become the Reading Royals for the 2001-2002 ECHL season.
Success and Community impact.
The Chill would send five players to the NHL and promote countless others to the American Hockey League and International Hockey League. Numerous Chill front office employees advanced their careers to NHL, NFL, NBA, MLB, NCAA, NASCAR, Indy Racing League, etc., including several front office employees of the Blue Jackets.
In addition to the Chill being the catalyst for the NHL coming to Columbus, the franchise provided much-needed services to the skating community. 
The Chill has the distinction of becoming the first minor-league team to build, own and operate its own facility (Chiller Dublin, 1993) and at the time they opened their second dual ice rink (Chiller Easton, 1997) they joined the Anaheim Mighty Ducks as one of only two franchises at any level to own and operate two facilities.
Considered to be among the finest ice rink facilities in the United States, the Chillers provided the platform for an explosion of hockey from learn-to-skate classes to adult leagues: Nine high-school hockey programs and youth hockey participation grew from 150 to over 1,300 kids during the 1990s while the Chill was in existence. The Columbus Chill Youth Hockey Association (CCHYA)continues to thrive.
A partnership formed in 1997 between the Chill and Blue Jackets has today resulted in the Chillers and the NHL club owning and managing eight sheets of ice in Central Ohio - Chiller North was added in 2003 and the Chiller Ice Works in 2005 - as well as serving as an integral marketing extension of the Blue Jackets' brand.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

</doc>
<doc id="9825116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825116" title="Diffraction formalism">
Diffraction formalism

Quantitative description and analysis.
Because diffraction is the result of addition of all waves (of given wavelength) along all unobstructed paths, the usual procedure is to consider the contribution of an infinitesimally small neighborhood around a certain path (this contribution is usually called a wavelet) and then integrate over all paths (=add all wavelets) from the source to the detector (or given point on a screen). 
Thus in order to determine the pattern produced by diffraction, the phase and the amplitude of each of the wavelets is calculated. That is, at each point in space we must determine the distance to each of the simple sources on the incoming wavefront. If the distance to each of the simple sources differs by an integer number of wavelengths, all the wavelets will be in phase, resulting in constructive interference. If the distance to each source is an integer plus one half of a wavelength, there will be complete destructive interference. Usually, it is sufficient to determine these minima and maxima to explain the observed diffraction effects. 
The simplest descriptions of diffraction are those in which the situation can be reduced to a two-dimensional problem. For water waves, this is already the case, as water waves propagate only on the surface of the water. For light, we can often neglect one dimension if the diffracting object extends in that direction over a distance far greater than the wavelength. In the case of light shining through small circular holes we will have to take into account the full three-dimensional nature of the problem.
General diffraction.
Several qualitative observations can be made of diffraction in general:
Approximations.
The problem of calculating what a diffracted wave looks like, is the problem of determining the phase of each of the simple sources on the incoming wave front. It is mathematically easier to consider the case of far-field or Fraunhofer diffraction, where the point of observation is far from that of the diffracting obstruction, and as a result, involves less complex mathematics than the more general case of near-field or Fresnel diffraction. To make this statement more quantitative, let's consider a diffracting object at the origin that has a size formula_1. For definiteness let's say we are diffracting light and we are interested in what the intensity looks like on a screen a distance formula_2 away from the object. At some point on the screen the path length to one side of the object is given by the Pythagorean theorem
If we now consider the situation where formula_4, the path length becomes
This is the Fresnel approximation. To further simplify things: If the diffracting object is much smaller than the distance formula_2, the last term will contribute much less than a wavelength to the path length, and will then not change the phase appreciably. That is formula_7. The result is the Fraunhofer approximation, which is only valid very far away from the object 
Depending on the size of the diffraction object, the distance to the object and the wavelength of the wave, the Fresnel approximation, the Fraunhofer approximation or neither approximation may be valid. As the distance between the measured point of diffraction and the obstruction point increases, the diffraction patterns or results predicted converge towards those of Fraunhofer diffraction, which is more often observed in nature due to the extremely small wavelength of visible light.
Diffraction from an array of narrow slits.
A simple quantitative description.
Multiple-slit arrangements can be mathematically considered as multiple simple wave sources, if the slits are narrow enough. For light, a slit is an opening that is infinitely extended in one dimension, and this has the effect of reducing a wave problem in 3D-space to a simpler problem in 2D-space. 
The simplest case is that of two narrow slits, spaced a distance formula_1 apart. To determine the maxima and minima in the amplitude we must determine the path difference to the first slit and to the second one. In the Fraunhofer approximation, with the observer far away from the slits, the difference in path length to the two slits can be seen from the image to be
Maxima in the intensity occur if this path length difference is an integer number of wavelengths.
The corresponding minima are at path differences of an integer number plus one half of the wavelength:
For an array of slits, positions of the minima and maxima are not changed, the "fringes" visible on a screen however do become sharper, as can be seen in the image. 
Mathematical description.
To calculate this intensity pattern, one needs to introduce some more sophisticated methods. The mathematical representation of a radial wave is given by
where formula_13, formula_14 is the wavelength, formula_15 is frequency of the wave and formula_16 is the phase of the wave at the slits at time t=0. The wave at a screen some distance away from the plane of the slits is given by the sum of the waves emanating from each of the slits. 
To make this problem a little easier, we introduce the complex wave formula_17, the real part of which is equal to formula_18
The absolute value of this function gives the wave amplitude, and the complex phase of the function corresponds to the phase of the wave. formula_17 is referred to as the complex amplitude.
With formula_22 slits, the total wave at point formula_23 on the screen is
Since we are for the moment only interested in the amplitude and relative phase, we can ignore any overall phase factors that are not dependent on formula_23 or formula_26. We approximate formula_27. In the Fraunhofer limit we can neglect terms of order :formula_28 in the exponential, and any terms involving formula_29 or formula_30 in the denominator. The sum becomes
The sum has the form of a geometric sum and the can be evaluated to give
The intensity is given by the absolute value of the complex amplitude squared 
where formula_34 denotes the complex conjugate of formula_35.
Quantitative analysis of single-slit diffraction.
As an example, an exact equation can now be derived for the intensity of the diffraction pattern as a function of angle in the case of single-slit diffraction. 
A mathematical representation of Huygens' principle can be used to start an equation.
Consider a monochromatic complex plane wave formula_36 of wavelength λ incident on a slit of width "a". 
If the slit lies in the x′-y′ plane, with its center at the origin, then it can be assumed that diffraction generates a complex wave ψ, traveling radially in the r direction away from the slit, and this is given by:
Let (x′,y′,0) be a point inside the slit over which it is being integrated. If (x,0,z) is the location at which the intensity of the diffraction pattern is being computed, the slit extends from formula_38 to formula_39, and from formula_40 to formula_41.
The distance "r" from the slot is: 
Assuming Fraunhofer diffraction will result in the conclusion formula_44. In other words, the distance to the target is much larger than the diffraction width on the target.
By the binomial expansion rule, ignoring terms quadratic and higher, the quantity on the right can be estimated to be:
It can be seen that 1/"r" in front of the equation is non-oscillatory, i.e. its contribution to the magnitude of the intensity is small compared to our exponential factors. Therefore, we will lose little accuracy by approximating it as "1/z".
To make things cleaner, a placeholder 'C' is used to denote constants in the equation. It is important to keep in mind that C can contain imaginary numbers, thus the wave function will be complex. However, at the end, the ψ will be bracketed, which will eliminate any imaginary components.
Now, in Fraunhofer diffraction, formula_47 is small, so formula_48 (note that formula_49 participates in this exponential and it is being integrated).
In contrast the term formula_50 can be eliminated from the equation, since when bracketed it gives 1.
Taking formula_53 results in:
It can be noted through Euler's formula and its derivatives that formula_54 and formula_55. 
formula_56
where the (unnormalized) sinc function is defined by formula_57.
Now, substituting in formula_58, the intensity (squared amplitude) formula_59 of the diffracted waves at an angle θ is given by:
Quantitative analysis of "N"-slit diffraction.
Let us again start with the mathematical representation of Huygens' principle.
Consider "N" slits in the prime plane of equal size "a" and spacing "d" spread along the x′ axis. As above, the distance "r" from slit 1 is:
To generalize this to "N" slits, we make the observation that while "z" and "y" remain constant, x′ shifts by 
Thus 
and the sum of all "N" contributions to the wave function is:
Again noting that formula_65 is small, so formula_66, we have:
Now, we can use the following identity
formula_67
Substituting into our equation, we find:
We now make our "k" substitution as before and represent all non-oscillating constants by the formula_68 variable as in the 1-slit diffraction and bracket the result. Remember that 
This allows us to discard the tailing exponent and we have our answer:
General case for far field.
In the far field, where r is essentially constant, then the equation:
is equivalent to doing a fourier transform on the gaps in the barrier.

</doc>
<doc id="9825134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825134" title="Propenyl">
Propenyl

Propenyl is a chemical radical of propene. 
Propenyl groups bind water molecules inside rocks. The amount of water trapped in a rock varies by composition.
See also.
Propene
Radical (chemistry)
References.
http://www.biology-online.org/dictionary/Propenyl
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/Propenyl

</doc>
<doc id="9825141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825141" title="Suppressor of cytokine signalling">
Suppressor of cytokine signalling

SOCS (suppressor of cytokine signaling proteins) refers to a family of genes involved in inhibiting the JAK-STAT signaling pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="9825172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825172" title="2006–07 Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball season">
2006–07 Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball season

The 2007 ACC Men's Basketball Season began on November 7, 2006 in College Park, Maryland, USA. It started when Maryland played in a non-conference game. The conference schedule began on December 3, 2006 in Charlottesville, Virginia where Virginia defeated 67–62. Following the season the 2007 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament took place in Tampa, Florida with North Carolina claiming the crown.
Players of the week.
Throughout the conference season, the ACC offices name a player and rookie of the week. The MVP of the ACC Tournament is the automatic winner of the final ACC player of the week of each season.
ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
November 27
November 28
November 29
Conference honors.
ACC Conference awards were handed out at the conclusion of the regular season.
Player of the Year.
Jared Dudley, Boston College
Rookie of the Year.
Brandan Wright, North Carolina
Coach of the Year.
Dave Leitao, Virginia
Defensive Player of the Year.
Jamon Gordon, Virginia Tech
All-Atlantic Coast Conference.
First Team
Second Team
Third Team
Honorable Mention:
Ben McCauley, So., NCSU; James Mays, Jr., Clem.; DeMarcus Nelson, Jr., Duke; James Gist, Jr., MD; Ekene Ibekwe, Sr., MD
ACC tournament.
See 2007 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament
Postseason.
NCAA tournament.
ACC Record: 7–7
1 North Carolina (3–1) – "Elite Eight"
4 Virginia (1–1)
4 Maryland (1–1)
5 Virginia Tech (1–1)
6 Duke (0–1)
7 Boston College (1–1)
10 Georgia Tech (0–1)
NIT.
ACC Record: 8–3
1 Clemson (4–1) – "Runner-Up"
2 Florida State (2–1)
6 North Carolina State (2–1)

</doc>
<doc id="9825184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825184" title="Ermengol IV, Count of Urgell">
Ermengol IV, Count of Urgell

Ermengol (or Armengol) IV (1056–1092), called "el de Gerb" or "Gerp", was the Count of Urgell from 1066 to his death. He was the son of Ermengol III and Clemencia, daughter of Bernard II of Bigorre.
Ermengol inherited Urgell when he was only ten years old and ruled under the tutelage of the countess dowager, Sancha, third wife of his father, until he was twelve. During this brief minority, the nobility took the opportunity to plunder and occupy the comital demesne. It was not until 1075 that Ermengol was in control of his county and his nobles.
Ermengol was an active count. During his reign, Urgell profited economically by receiving exiles from Lleida and Fraga. In 1076, having brought the nobles to submission, he began a Reconquista of his own, taking the basin of the river Sió with the villages of Agramunt and Almenar that year and Linyola and Belcaire in 1091. He conquered Calassanç and built a castle at Gerb, Spain, where he died, in an effort to pave the way to the recapture of Balaguer, which occurred during the reign of his son, Ermengol V, in 1102.
Armengol was a firm supporter of the contemporary Gregorian reform of the Church, which he introduced to Urgel.
In 1077, Ermengol married Lucy, daughter of Bernard I of La Marche. With her, he had his son and heir, the aforementioned Ermengol. In 1079, he remarried to Adelaide Bertrand, daughter of William Bertrand of Provence. She bore him one son, William, who inherited Forcalquier, and a daughter who died young.

</doc>
<doc id="9825188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825188" title="Mirusia Louwerse">
Mirusia Louwerse

Mirusia Louwerse (born 29 March 1985) is an Australian soprano. She performs as Mirusia and is seen by one online source as "The Unconventional Pop Star".
Career.
Louwerse was born in Brisbane, Australia, and attended Ormiston College. She graduated in December 2006 from the Queensland Conservatorium in Brisbane obtaining a Bachelor of Music in Performance in Classical Voice. In 2006, Louwerse became the youngest ever winner of the Dame Joan Sutherland Opera Award and went on to record a debut album entitled "She Walks in Beauty".
Louwerse is a lyric soprano and has performed in such operas as Mozart's "The Magic Flute", Ravel's "L'enfant et les sortilèges" and Britten's "Albert Herring".
Her aunt, who lives in the Netherlands, contacted André Rieu to tell him about her niece's talent. He listened to her voice on her website and phoned her straight away and two days later she was standing before him in his studio ready to sing.
She has been touring with Dutch violinist and conductor André Rieu since 2007 as soprano soloist. She is of Dutch descent and can speak Dutch fluently. In May 2008, André Rieu and Louwerse released an album entitled "Waltzing Matilda" in Australia which made it to the number one position on the Australian music charts and went platinum within ten days. On Rieu's DVD "I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg" (2009) she sings the title song "", as well as "Zwei kleine Italiener", "", and (with Carla Maffioletti and the Berlin Comedian Harmonists) "".
Her album "Always & Forever" was released in Australia on 8 October 2010, and went straight to #1 on the ARIA classical charts and #17 on the ARIA pop charts. It was released in The Netherlands in December 2010 and reached #26 on the Dutch pop charts. Her DVD "Always & Forever" was released in March 2011 and stayed at the #1 position on the ARIA DVD charts for 4 weeks. In 2012 Louwerse won the ARIA #1 Chart Award for "Always & Forever" and was the only classical artist to receive such an award.
Louwerse is an ambassador for the Australian Children's Music Foundation and believes strongly that if children are exposed to music or are involved in music, they will grow up to be better human beings. In 2010 and 2012, Louwerse participated in two concerts to raise funds for the ACMF, which raised more than $100,000 for music in schools in Australia. She is the Star Ambassador for the Dutch Social Network Foundation, who help raise funds for sick children and their parents and source important medical equipment and treatments through social networking.
In 2013, to celebrate Benjamin Britten's 100th birthday, she performed under the baton of John Curro with the Queensland Youth Symphony Britten's "War Requiem" in the Queensland Performing Arts Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9825201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825201" title="Japanese Association of Zoos and Aquariums">
Japanese Association of Zoos and Aquariums

The Japanese Association of Zoos and Aquariums (JAZA) is an organisation for the Japanese zoo and aquarium community. Currently, JAZA has about 90 member zoos and 70 member aquariums in Japan. JAZA seeks to protect nature and animals through educational and conservation outreach.
History.
JAZA was established in 1939 as a voluntary organization. At the time, it had 16 zoo members and 3 aquarium members. After World War II, JAZA promoted efforts to help restore damage zoos and aquariums.
By 1965, membership had reached 55 zoos and 33 aquariums, and JAZA was made a corporation under the Social Education Bureau (now the Lifelong Learning Bureau) of the Japanese Government Ministry of Education. A board of directors consisting of 6 representative zoo directors from around the country was created in the same year.
Education.
JAZA started conferences for veterinarians and zookeepers in 1953, and for aqarists in 1956. It also established an award system to encourage successful breeding of rare animals and achievements in animal research. JAZA started publishing the "Journal of Japanese Association of Zoological Gardens and Aquariums" in 1959, and began giving qualifying exams for zookeepers and aquarists in 1971.
Conservation.
Jaza established the Species Survival Committee JAZA (SSCJ) in 1988. This committee aims to help manage breeding groups of animals in need of conservation and propagation efforts while maintaining the species' genetic diversity. As a result, Japanese zoos currently participate in the breeding efforts for 141 rare animals. Studbooks for the Japanese Serow, Red-crowned Crane, Hooded Crane, White-naped Crane, and Oriental White Stork are now kept in Japan, and the SSCJ cooperates with the International Union for Conservation of Nature （IUCN） Survival Service Commission (SSC) and the International Studbook Keepers under the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA).

</doc>
<doc id="9825221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825221" title="Muqatil ibn sulayman">
Muqatil ibn sulayman

Muqatil ibn Sulayman al-Balkhi (died 767 ) was an 8th-century Sunni mufassir of the Quran. 
Ibn Sa'd's complete biography of Muqatil is "The one who had a tafsir, He related from al-Dahhak ibn Muzahim and Ata ibn Abi Rabah, students of Ibn Abbas. Some of the people of hadith were wary of his hadith and objected to them," Ibn Sa'd describes him as one of the Fuqaha' and Hadith scholars in Khurasan and does not give him a date of death. 
Imam al-Shafi'i declared that "People are all the children of Abu Hanifa in fiqh, of Ibn Ishaq in history, of Imam Malik in hadith, and of Muqatil in tafsîr".
Muqatil is the alleged author of a tafsir (commentary) on the Quran that John Wansbrough considers the oldest surviving complete tafsir and discusses in some detail. This work was still in manuscript when Wansbrough wrote but has since been published.
He also played some part in the civil war during the caliphate of Marwan ibn Muhammad. 
His views on divine anthropomorphism were notorious to later generations, but in spite of his “extreme” corporealism, he employed ta'wil in his tafsir even on verses on the attributes of Allah believed by many to show the contradiction in his thought.

</doc>
<doc id="9825228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825228" title="Protein inhibitor of activated STAT">
Protein inhibitor of activated STAT

Protein inhibitor of activated STAT (PIAS), also known as E3 SUMO-protein ligase PIAS, is a protein that regulates transcription in mammals. PIAS proteins act as transcriptional co-regulators with at least 60 different proteins in order to either activate or repress transcription. The transcription factors STAT, NF-κB, p73, and p53 are among the many proteins that PIAS interacts with.
The seven proteins that belong to the mammalian PIAS family are encoded by four genes: "PIAS1", "PIAS2" ("PIASx"), "PIAS3", and "PIAS4" ("PIASy"). Apart from PIAS1, each gene encodes two protein isoforms. Homologues of PIAS proteins have been found in other eukaryotes, including Zimp/dPIAS in "Drosophila melanogaster" and zfPIAS4a in zebrafish. SIZ1 and SIZ2 were two homologues identified in yeast.
PIAS proteins contain each conserved domain and motif of the PIAS protein family, with a few exceptions. The known functions of these domains and motifs are similar among all PIAS protein family members. These functions include acting as E3 SUMO-protein ligases during SUMOylation, which is an important process in transcriptional regulation. Presently, less is known about the higher order structure of PIAS proteins. The three-dimensional protein structures of PIAS2, PIAS3, and SIZ1 have only recently been solved.
PIAS proteins have potential applications in cancer treatment and prevention. They may also play an important role in regulating immune system responses.
Discovery.
The discovery of PIAS3 was first published in 1997. The discovery was made while the JAK-STAT pathway was being studied. The discovery of other PIAS proteins, including PIAS1, PIASxα, PIASxβ, and PIASy, was published the following year. The interaction between STATs and PIASs was characterized by the yeast two-hybrid assay. PIAS proteins were named based on their ability to inhibit STAT. For example, PIAS1 inhibited STAT1, and PIAS3 inhbited STAT3.
When it was discovered that PIAS proteins did far more than simply inhibit STATs, it was proposed that the PIAS acronym should stand for Pleiotropic Interactors Associated with SUMO based on their association with SUMO proteins. Additionally, E3 SUMO-protein ligase PIAS is an alternative name for PIAS proteins.
The discovery of PIAS3L, an isoform of PIAS3, was published in 2003. In addition, the discovery of PIASyE6- was published in 2004. It is an isoform of PIASy that doesn't contain exon 6.
Types of PIAS proteins.
The table below lists the seven known proteins that belong to the mammalian PIAS protein family. Due to alternative splicing, some PIAS protein-encoding genes encode multiple protein products called isoforms. "PIAS1" is the only gene of this family that does not encode any isoforms.
Homologues.
Homologues of PIAS proteins have been found in other eukaryotes, and several are listed below:
Functions.
PIAS proteins contribute to the control of gene expression, and may be considered transcriptional co-regulators. While PIAS proteins interact with at least 60 different proteins involved in transcription, they are known to act as E3 SUMO-protein ligases. In essence, the RING-finger-like zinc-binding domain of the PIAS protein assists in the attachment of a SUMO protein to the target transcription factor. Attachment of a SUMO protein to the target allows for protein-protein interaction between PIAS and the transcription factor. This interaction can either upregulate or downregulate transcription. For example, the activity of transcription factor p53 was stimulated after it was SUMOylated by PIASy. In contrast, the activity of transcription factor p73 was repressed after it was SUMOylated by PIAS1. One function of PIAS proteins is to relocate transcriptional regulators to different compartments within the nucleus of the cell.
PIAS proteins also play a key role in double-stranded break DNA repair. Exposure to UV light, chemicals, and ionizing radiation can cause DNA damage, and the most detrimental type of DNA damage is a double-stranded break. PIAS1, PIAS3, and PIAS4 have been shown to recruit proteins to the site of the damage and promote repair.
Additionally, PIAS proteins are important transcriptional co-regulators of the JAK/STAT signaling pathway. PIAS protein's interaction with STAT signaling requires tyrosine phosphorylation of STAT proteins. Additionally, PIAS1 binds preferentially to un-methylated STAT1. Although the exact mechanism isn't clear, PIAS1 and PIASy both inhibit STAT1 signaling. PIAS3 was found to specifically inhibit STAT3 signaling after stimulation by the cytokine IL-6. Also, it is known that PIAS1 can inhibit NF-κB activity upon stimulation by the cytokine TNF and the LPS endotoxin.
Structure.
The three-dimensional protein structures of PIAS2, PIAS3, and PIAS-like protein SIZ1 were recently solved using X-ray crystallography. The structures of PIAS2 and PIAS3 were listed in the Structural Genomics Consortium in 2012 and 2013, respectively, by A. Dong et al. Details of the SIZ1 structure were published by Ali A. Yunus and Christopher D. Lima in 2009.
Four PIAS domains and two PIAS motifs have been identified. They include the N-terminal scaffold attachment factor-A/B, acinus and PIAS (SAP) domain, the Pro-Ile-Asn-Ile-Thr (PINIT) motif, the RING-finger-like zinc-binding domain (RLD), the highly acidic domain (AD), the SUMO-interacting motif (SIM), and the serine/threonine-rich C-terminal region (S/T).
SAP.
The N-terminal scaffold attachment factor-A/B, acinus and PIAS (SAP) domain is found in all PIAS proteins. It is composed of four alpha helices. It binds to areas of chromatin that are rich in adenine (A) and thymine (T). These A/T rich regions are known as matrix-attachment regions. Once bound, the matrix-attachment regions anchor loops of chromatin to the nuclear matrix. The nuclear matrix is a structure within the nucleus where it is thought that transcription regulation takes place. SAP also binds to p53.
Each SAP domain contains an LXXLL amino acid motif. L = leucine, and X = any amino acid. This motif is used to bind to nuclear receptors. Nuclear receptors are transcription factors that regulate transcription upon ligand binding.
PINIT.
The Pro-Ile-Asn-Ile-Thr (PINIT) motif was discovered in PIAS3L, an isoform of PIAS3. PIAS proteins tend to go back and forth between the nucleus and cytosol as they carry out their activities. PINIT is needed to localize PIAS3 and PIAS3L to the nucleus.
PIASy has a slight difference in its PINIT motif: leucine is in place of the second isoleucine (PINLT). Furthermore, the PINIT motif is not found in PIASy isoform PIASyE6-. This isoform, lacking exon 6, is still retained in the nucleus despite lacking the PINIT motif. The reason for this is unknown.
RLD.
The RING-finger-like zinc-binding domain is present in all PIAS proteins. RLD is essential for PIAS proteins to function as E3 SUMO-protein ligases. It is also needed for successful interaction with other proteins. Its three dimensional structure is thought to be similar to typical RING finger domains. It contains one histidine residue and five cysteine residues 
AD and SIM.
The highly acidic domain (AD), present in all PIAS proteins, contains a SUMO-interacting motif (SIM). The SIM motif may be needed for PIAS proteins to accurately recognize and interact with other SUMO proteins. However, it is not needed for E3 SUMO-protein ligase activity to occur. The function of the highly acidic domain is unknown.
S/T.
The Serine/threonine-rich C-terminal (S/T) region is not found in all PIAS proteins. PIASy and PIASyE6- are the only members of the PIAS protein family that lack this region. Furthermore, the length of this region varies among PIAS protein isoforms. The function of the S/T region is unknown.
Potential applications.
Defects in the DNA repair system lead to a predisposition for developing cancer. At least some of the PIAS proteins are implicated in DNA repair, and specifically in enhancing repair of double-stranded breaks. In cell culture, overexpression of PIAS3 demonstrated an increased resistance of HeLa cells to ionizing radiation. This indicates a significant role for PIAS3 in DNA repair. Additionally, overexpression of PIAS3 inhibited human lung cancer cell growth in vitro and rendered cancer cells up to twelve times more sensitive to chemotherapeutic drugs. While inhibition of PIAS by siRNAs led cancer cells to accelerate cell proliferation and demonstrate higher levels of resistance to chemotherapy drugs. In a study of human brain tissue samples from glioblastoma multiforme patients, PIAS3 expression was found to be reduced compared to the control brain tissue. Inhibition of PIAS3 resulted in increased glioblastoma propagation, while PIAS3 overexpression inhibited STAT-3 signaling and cell proliferation . Furthermore, patients with higher levels of BRCA1, PIAS1, and PIAS4 survived for a longer period of time in a retrospective study of advanced gastric cancer patients. 
Continuous activation of the JAK-STAT pathway can cause cancer in humans as well as less complex organisms such as Drosophila. Given the preliminary evidence and their effects on important signaling pathways involved in cancer, PIAS proteins may be interesting targets for the development of treatments for cancers or as sensitizers for chemotherapeutic drugs and radiation in BRCA-deficient cancers.
In addition to its importance in various cancers, the JAK-STAT signaling pathway plays an important part in the human immune response and in particular with regards to adaptive immunity. Clinical proof of concept for the use of JAK inhibitors for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disease has been demonstrated by Pfizer's tofacitinib, a JAK inhibitor recently approved in the US for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Additionally, tofacitinib is currently being studied for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, and inflammatory bowel disease.
Furthermore, STAT1 and STAT2 are essential factors in the cellular antiviral and adapative immune defenses. PIAS proteins and other regulators are necessary for homeostasis and for fine tuning the immune response. PIAS proteins regulate STAT transcription through several mechanisms, and genetic studies in rodents have shown that PIAS1 plays an important physiological role in STAT1 regulation. Many of the 60 proteins that PIAS protein family is believed to interact with are immune regulatory factors.

</doc>
<doc id="9825242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825242" title="1991 Arena Football League season">
1991 Arena Football League season

The 1991 Arena Football League season was the fifth season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Tampa Bay Storm, who defeated the Detroit Drive in ArenaBowl V.
Standings.
y – clinched regular-season title
x – clinched playoff spot

</doc>
<doc id="9825262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825262" title="Belbury Poly">
Belbury Poly

Belbury Poly is an alias of electronic musician Jim Jupp (along with Eric Zann). Jupp's releases are on the Ghost Box Music label (which he co-founded).
Belbury Poly's sound.
Belbury Poly's sound is a blend of influences, ranging from old library music, 1960s-inspired psychedelic rock to soundtrack, folk and public information films. Jupp has spoken at length about trying to incorporate the mundanity of life in the 1970s and eldritch elements simultaneously in his music, as well as acknowledging a debt to the author Arthur Machen. The name references a fictional institution, created by the author C.S. Lewis in his novel "That Hideous Strength".

</doc>
<doc id="9825298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825298" title="Tennessee Department of Revenue">
Tennessee Department of Revenue

The Tennessee Department of Revenue is an agency within the Tennessee state government that is responsible "for administering the state’s tax laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws." More than 900 people work for the Department of Revenue [http://tn.gov/revenue/misc/factsheet.pdf].
The Department collects about 87 percent of total state revenue. During the 2013 fiscal year, it collected $11.7 billion in state taxes and fees and more than $2.2 billion in taxes and fees for local governments [http://news.tn.gov/node/12360].
The Department is led by Commissioner Richard Roberts.

</doc>
<doc id="9825320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825320" title="Korey Cooper">
Korey Cooper

Korey Cooper (born Korene Marie Pingitore; July 21, 1972) is the keyboardist, guitarist, and backing vocalist for the Christian Rock band Skillet. Her husband, John Cooper, is the lead singer and bassist of the band, as well as one of the founding members. She has made contributions as a backing vocalist in addition to guitars and keyboards.
Before joining Skillet, Cooper was a member of the band Alkeme along with now-former Skillet band-mate Lori Peters, her sister, and others from her church.
Cooper joined Skillet in 1999, between the albums "Hey You, I Love Your Soul" and "Invincible". Their album "Comatose" was certified as Gold on November 18, 2009.
Personal life.
Cooper and her husband John have tattooed wedding rings on their fingers, instead of the traditional jewelry bands. They have two children; Alexandria (born 2002) and Xavier (born 2005). Korey started playing guitar on stage with Skillet in 2003. She learned how to play about 4 months prior to that date. Other guitarists substituted for her when the children were born. Cooper and her husband have co-written many of Skillet's songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9825339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825339" title="1990 Arena Football League season">
1990 Arena Football League season

The 1990 Arena Football League season was the fourth season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Detroit Drive, who defeated the Dallas Texans in ArenaBowl IV.
Standings.
y – clinched regular-season title
x – clinched playoff spot

</doc>
<doc id="9825378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825378" title="Live Live Live Extra">
Live Live Live Extra

Live Live Live Extra is a live album released by X Japan on November 5, 1997. Supplemental to the previously published "Live Live Live Tokyo Dome 1993-1996", it contains more recordings from the band's annual New Year's Eve concerts at the Tokyo Dome. All tracks on this album were recorded on December 31, 1996, with the exception of "Piano Solo", which was taken from the 1995 performance. The album reached number 13 on the Oricon chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9825424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825424" title="Katarína Hasprová">
Katarína Hasprová

Katarína Hasprová (born 10 September 1972 in Bratislava) is a singer from Slovakia, best-known outside her home country for singing "Modlitba" at the Eurovision Song Contest 1998.
Hasprová was born in Bratislava into a musical family. Her mother is a well-known Slovak actress and singer, her father a leading director of theatre and television. A graduate in music from the Janáček Music Academy, Katarína devotes all her time to singing and dancing and has performed in a number of classic musicals, including West Side Story and Hair.

</doc>
<doc id="9825430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825430" title="1989 Arena Football League season">
1989 Arena Football League season

The 1989 Arena Football League season was the third season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Detroit Drive, who defeated the Pittsburgh Gladiators in ArenaBowl III.
Standings.
y – clinched regular-season title
x – clinched playoff spot
Milestones.
On July 21, the Denver Dynamite defeated the Detroit Drive, 15–14, for what was the lowest scoring game in league history.

</doc>
<doc id="9825480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825480" title="Korean Australian">
Korean Australian

Korean Australians are Australians of Korean descent, and identifies him or herself as such. 
History.
At the 2006 census, 150,873 persons resident in Australia identified themselves as being of Korean ancestry, either alone or with another ancestry. 52,760 persons resident in Australia had been born in South Korea and 59 born in North Korea. 
Only 38% declared holding Australian citizenship, 68% had arrived in Australia in 1990 or later, and 63% reside in New South Wales. Few ethnic groups are as concentrated in one state as Koreans are in New South Wales, where 33% of Australia's population live.
At the 2006 Census, 37,426 (71%) Korean-born Australian residents declared they were Christian, 3,500 (6.6%) Buddhist and 9,562 (18%) had no religious affiliation. Disgruntled former members of Korean Christian churches sometimes join the handful of Korean Buddhist temples in the Sydney area.

</doc>
<doc id="9825500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825500" title="Fifty Pills">
Fifty Pills

Fifty Pills (also known as 50 Pills) is the debut feature film of director Theo Avgerinos, which premiered at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival.
Plot.
After being blamed for a party which he didn't throw or have any knowledge of, that resulted in many damages, young Darren (Lou Taylor Pucci) loses his scholarship. Being from a lower-middle-class family he will not have enough money to pay for college next semester without his scholarship. His roommate, Coleman (John Hensley), who actually threw the party, sympathizes with Darren and gives him a stash of fifty ecstasy pills. If he sells the pills he could make $1000 and would have enough money to stay in school.
Darren sells to many weirdos, including a dominatrix who wants the pills so her "pets" can be numb when she has sex with them. When visiting his girlfriend, her roommate sets Darren up with a connection. The brother of this roommate is a seemingly retarded and overly-zealous white-collar employee named Ralphie (Eddie Kaye Thomas) is obsessed with "Diff'rent Strokes". He makes Darren watch four hours of the show, but Darren leaves. Upon leaving he is harassed by a drug dealer known as The Seoul Man (Ron Yuan), who almost kills him. Once again his luck turns sour when his girlfriend finds out that he is selling drugs and breaks it off with him.
Coleman owes money to a drug dealer, so a group of three armed thugs are sent to extract the money for him at his dorm. Not having the money, he says he will call Darren and they can take whatever pills he has left as collateral. Darren comes back to the dorm, and gives the pills to the thugs, who leave. The next day, Darren feels defeated, but discovers that Coleman paid his tuition in full and is leaving the college. Reinvigorated, Darren begins dating Gracie and the movie ends with the two sitting on a bench with Darren taking a picture on his phone, saying that Gracie is about to make his parents very happy.
Release and reception.
"Fifty Pills" premiered at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival on April 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9825527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825527" title="KKSU">
KKSU

KKSU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9825531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825531" title="Mars (comics)">
Mars (comics)

Mars is a 1984 American comic book series published by First Comics that ran for 12 issues. Inspired by the pulp science fiction stories of the 1930s and 1940s, creators Mark Wheatley and Marc Hempel collaborated on the story featuring a group of explorers and engineers sent to Mars with the goal of terraforming the red planet. When all communication with earth is lost, the team of terraformers must make a decision that will not only forever change their lives but perhaps the future of the human race. 
The complete series was collected and released by IDW Publishing in 2005 as both a 288 page trade paperback and limited edition hardcover; this release featured a new cover by Wheatley and Hempel, digitally recolored interior art, and 32 pages of supplemental material detailing the history of the project.

</doc>
<doc id="9825536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825536" title="Edward Winter (English administrator)">
Edward Winter (English administrator)

Sir Edward Winter (1622–1686) was the eighth administrator of Madras and was Agent from 1661 to August 1665 and from September 1665 to 22 May 1668. During his tenure, he got a permanent agreement regarding the English rights over Madras. However, soon he aroused the ire of the Factors by allegedly adopting a threatening attitude against the Sultan of Golconda in response to the extravagant duties imposed by the former. He complained about the irregularity of the duties to a Naik of the Sultan of Golconda who responded by saying that "when the English horns and teeth grew, then he would free them from their duties". Soon afterwards, Winter was accused of private trade by the Factors of the Company who referred the matter to the Directors of the East India Company. Winter offered to vacate his seat, supremely confident that the Directors would not accept his resignation. However, unfortunately for him, his resignation was accepted and George Foxcraft was appointed as the Agent in his place.
Foxcraft was the opposite of Winter in character and personality. While Winter was a man of good integrity, Foxcraft was not. Ultimately, disputes broke out between the two, and three months later, Winter attacked Foxcraft, his son and one Mr. Sambroke. Focxcraft and Sambroke were arrested and kept in confinement for sedition. Winter assumed command of the garrison at Fort St George and wrote to the king of England and the Archbishop of Canterbury explaining his action as a measure against the Puritanical and anti-Royalist activities of Foxcraft. Foxcraft, meanwhile, appealed to the Agent of Masulipatnam and the President of Surat, as well as the Sultan of Golconda for help. The authorities at Masulipatnam and Surat as well as the Directors of the Company remonstrated with Winter but nothing came out of it. The Directors came to the conclusion that Winter had sided with the Dutch and when peace was concluded with the Dutch as per the Treaty of Breda on 10 May 1668, threats were issued for a British invasion of Fort St.George and the adjoining Portuguese town of St.Thome. However, Edward Winter was adamant under the assumption that the King of England supported him. On 21 May 1668 two ships belonging to the Company arrived at Madras and arrested two members of the Council of Fort St George whom Winter had sent to negotiate with the Company troops. Winter was issued an ultimatum in the name of the King of England and he surrendered and George Foxcraft was reinstated. However, within a year of the reinstatement, Foxcraft as well as Winter were asked to leave for England. George Foxcraft, who was the first to be given the title 'Governor of Fort St.George'.

</doc>
<doc id="9825565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825565" title="1988 Arena Football League season">
1988 Arena Football League season

The 1988 Arena Football League season was the second season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Detroit Drive, who defeated the Chicago Bruisers in ArenaBowl II.
Standings.
y – clinched regular-season title
x – clinched playoff spot

</doc>
<doc id="9825591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825591" title="On the Verge of Destruction 1992.1.7 Tokyo Dome Live (album)">
On the Verge of Destruction 1992.1.7 Tokyo Dome Live (album)

On the Verge of Destruction 1992.1.7 Tokyo Dome Live is a live album released by X Japan on January 1, 1995. It contains the band's performance at the Tokyo Dome on January 7, 1992, which was the last with Taiji Sawada on bass. The album reached number 3 on the Oricon chart. There is also a VHS version (later re-released on DVD) with the same name.
Track listing.
Disc one
Disc two

</doc>
<doc id="9825613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825613" title="Horses in the Middle Ages">
Horses in the Middle Ages

Horses in the Middle Ages differed in size, build and breed from the modern horse, and were, on average, smaller. They were also more central to society than their modern counterparts, being essential for war, agriculture, and transport.
Consequently, specific types of horse developed, many of which have no modern equivalent. While an understanding of modern horse breeds and equestrianism is vital for any analysis of the medieval horse, researchers also need to consider documentary (both written and pictorial) and archaeological evidence.
Horses in the Middle Ages were rarely differentiated by breed, but rather by use. This led them to be described, for example, as "chargers" (war horses), "palfreys" (riding horses), cart horses or packhorses. Reference is also given to their place of origin, such as "Spanish horses," but whether this referred to one breed or several is unknown. Another difficulty arising during any study of medieval documents or literature is the flexibility of the medieval languages, where several words can be used for one thing (or, conversely, several objects are referred to by one word). Words such as 'courser' and 'charger' are used interchangeably (even within one document), and where one epic may speak disparagingly of a rouncey, another praises its skill and swiftness.
Significant technological advances in equestrian equipment, often introduced from other cultures, allowed for significant changes in both warfare and agriculture. In particular, improved designs for the solid-treed saddle as well as the arrival of the stirrup, horseshoe and horse collar were significant advances in medieval society.
Consequently, the assumptions and theories developed by historians are not definitive, and debate still rages on many issues, such as the breeding or size of the horse, and a number of sources must be consulted in order to understand the breadth of the subject.
Breeding.
During the decline of the Roman Empire and the Early Middle Ages, much of the quality breeding stock developed during the classical period was lost due to uncontrolled breeding and had to be built up again over the following centuries. In the west, this may have been due in part to the reliance of the British and Scandinavians on infantry-based warfare, where horses were only used for riding and pursuit.
However, there were exceptions; in the 7th century a Merovingian kingdom still retained at least one active Roman horse breeding centre. The Spanish also retained many quality horses, in part due to the historic reputation of the region as a horse-breeding land, and partially due to the cultural influences related to the Islamic conquest of the Iberian peninsula between the 8th and 15th centuries.
The origins of the medieval war horse are obscure, although it is believed they had some Barb and Arabian blood through the Spanish Jennet, a forerunner to the modern Friesian and Andalusian horse. It is also possible that other sources of oriental bloodstock came from what was called the "Nisaean breed" (possibly akin to the Turkoman horse) from Iran and Anatolia, another type of oriental horse brought back from the Crusades. "Spanish" horses, whatever their breeding, were the most expensive. In fact, in Germany the word "spanjol" became the term for quality war horses. However, German literary sources also refer to fine horses from Scandinavia. France also produced good war horses. Some scholars attribute this to the strong Feudal society there, but an equally probable explanation is the historic influence of the Roman horse breeding traditions preserved by the Merovingians, combined with the addition of valuable Spanish and oriental bloodstock captured in the wake of the victory of Charles Martel over the Islamic Umayyad invaders at the Battle of Tours in 732. Following this battle, the Carolingians began to increase their heavy cavalry, which resulted in the seizure of land (for fodder production), and a change in tribute payment from cattle to horses.
As the importance of horse breeding to successful warfare was realized, planned breeding programs increased. Many changes were due to the influence of Islamic culture through both the Crusades and the Moorish invasions of Spain; the Arabs kept extensive pedigrees of their Barb and Arabian horses via an oral tradition. Some of the earliest written pedigrees in recorded European history were kept by Carthusian monks, who were among those who bred the Spanish Jennet. Because they could read and write, thus kept careful records, monastics were given the responsibility for horse breeding by certain members of the nobility, particularly in Spain. In England, a common source of warhorses were the wild moorland ponies, which were rounded up annually by horse-breeders, including the Cistercians, for use as campaign riding horses, or light cavalry; one such breed was the Fell pony, which had similar ancestry to the Friesian horse.
It is also hard to trace what happened to the bloodlines of destriers when this type seems to disappear from record during the 17th century. Many modern draft breeds claim some link to the medieval "great horse," with some historians considering breeds such as the Percheron, Belgian and Suffolk Punch likely descendants of the destrier. However, other historians discount this theory, since the historical record suggests the medieval warhorse was quite a different 'type' to the modern draught horse Such a theory would suggest the war horses were crossed once again with "cold blooded" work horses, since war horses, and the destrier in particular, were renowned for their hot-blooded nature.
Types of horse.
Throughout the period, horses were rarely considered breeds, but instead were defined by "type": by describing their purpose or their physical attributes. Many of the definitions were not precise, or were interchangeable. Prior to approximately the 13th century, few pedigrees were written down. Thus, many terms for horses in the Middle Ages did not refer to breeds as we know them today, but rather described appearance or purpose.
One of the best-known of the medieval horses was the destrier, renowned and admired for its capabilities in war. It was well trained, and was required to be strong, fast and agile. A 14th-century writer described them as "tall and majestic and with great strength". In contemporary sources, the destrier was frequently referred to as the "great horse" because of its size and reputation. Being a subjective term, it gives no firm information about its actual height or weight, but since the average horse of the time was 12 to 14 hands (), thus a "great horse" by medieval standards might appear small to our modern eyes. The destrier was highly prized by knights and men-at-arms, but was actually not very common, and appears to have been most suited to the joust.
Coursers were generally preferred for hard battle as they were light, fast and strong. They were valuable, but not as costly as the destrier. They were also used frequently for hunting.
A more general-purpose horse was the rouncey (also "rounsey"), which could be kept as a riding horse or trained for war. It was commonly used by squires, men-at-arms or poorer knights. A wealthy knight would keep rounceys for his retinue. Sometimes the expected nature of warfare dictated the choice of horse; when a summons to war was sent out in England, in 1327, it expressly requested rounceys, for swift pursuit, rather than destriers. Rounceys were sometimes used as pack horses (but never as cart horses).
The well-bred palfrey, which could equal a destrier in price, was popular with nobles and highly ranked knights for riding, hunting and ceremonial use. Ambling was a desirable trait in a palfrey, as the smooth gait allowed the rider to cover long distances quickly in relative comfort.
Other horse types included the jennet, a small horse first bred in Spain from Barb and Arabian bloodstock. Their quiet and dependable nature, as well as size, made them popular as riding horses for ladies; however, they were also used as cavalry horses by the Spanish.
The hobby was a lightweight horse, about 13 to 14 hands (), developed in Ireland from Spanish or Libyan (Barb) bloodstock. This type of quick and agile horse was popular for skirmishing, and was often ridden by light cavalry known as "Hobelars". Hobbies were used successfully by both sides during the Wars of Scottish Independence, with Edward I of England trying to gain advantage by preventing Irish exports of the horses to Scotland. Robert Bruce employed the hobby for his guerilla warfare and mounted raids, covering a day.
Horses in warfare.
While light cavalry had been used in warfare for many centuries, the medieval era saw the rise of heavy cavalry, particularly the European knight. Historians are uncertain when the use of heavy cavalry in the form of mounted shock troops first occurred, but the technique had become widespread by the mid-12th century. The heavy cavalry charge itself was not a common occurrence in warfare. Pitched battles were avoided if at all possible, with most offensive warfare in the early Middle Ages taking the form of sieges, or swift mounted raids called "chevauchées", with the warriors lightly armed on swift horses and their heavy war horses safely in the stable. Pitched battles were sometimes unavoidable, but were rarely fought on land suitable for heavy cavalry. While mounted riders remained effective for initial attacks, by the 14th century, it was common for knights to dismount to fight. Horses were sent to the rear, and kept ready for pursuit.
By the Late Middle Ages (approx 1300-1550), large battles became more common, probably because of the success of infantry tactics and changes in weaponry. However, because such tactics left the knight unmounted, the role of the war horse also changed. By the 17th century, the medieval charger had become a thing of the past, replaced by lighter, unarmoured horses.
Throughout the period, light horse, or "prickers", were used for scouting and reconnaissance; they also provided a defensive screen for marching armies. Large teams of draught horses, or oxen, were used for pulling the heavy early cannon. Other horses pulled wagons and carried supplies for the armies.
Tournaments.
Tournaments and hastiludes began in the 11th century as both a sport and to provide training for battle. Usually taking the form of a melee, the participants used the horses, armour and weapons of war. The sport of jousting grew out of the tournament and, by the 15th century, the art of tilting became quite sophisticated. In the process, the pageantry and specialization became less war-like, perhaps because of the knight's changing role in war.
Horses were specially bred for the joust, and heavier armour developed. However, this did not necessarily lead to significantly larger horses. Interpreters at the Royal Armouries, Leeds, re-created the joust, using specially bred horses and replica armour. Their horses accurately represented the medieval mount, being compactly built and not particularly tall.
Types of war horses.
The most well-known horse of the medieval era of Europe is the destrier, known for carrying knights into war. However, most knights and mounted men-at-arms rode smaller horses known as coursers and rounceys. (A common generic name for medieval war horses was "charger," which was interchangeable with the other terms). In Spain, the jennet was used as a light cavalry horse.
Stallions were often used as war horses in Europe due to their natural aggression and hot-blooded tendencies. A 13th-century work describes destriers "biting and kicking" on the battlefield, and, in the heat of battle, war horses were often seen fighting each other. However, the use of mares by European warriors cannot be discounted from literary references. Mares were the preferred war horse of the Moors, the Islamic invaders who attacked various European nations from AD 700 through the 15th century.
War horses were more expensive than normal riding horses, and destriers the most prized, but figures vary greatly from source to source. Destriers are given a values ranging from seven times the price of an ordinary horse to 700 times. The Bohemian king Wenzel II rode a horse "valued at one thousand marks" in 1298. At the other extreme, a 1265 French ordinance ruled that a squire could not spend more than twenty marks on a rouncey. Knights were expected to have at least one war horse (as well as riding horses and packhorses), with some records from the later Middle Ages showing knights bringing twenty-four horses on campaign. Five horses was perhaps the standard.
Size of war horses.
There is dispute in medievalist circles over the size of the war horse, with some notable historians claiming a size of 17 to 18 hands (), as large as a modern Shire horse. However, there are practical reasons for dispute over size. Analysis of existing horse armour located in the Royal Armouries indicates the equipment was originally worn by horses of 15 to 16 hands (), or about the size and build of a modern field hunter or ordinary riding horse. Research undertaken at the Museum of London, using literary, pictorial and archaeological sources, supports military horses of 14-15 hands (), distinguished from a riding horse by its strength and skill, rather than its size. This average does not seem to vary greatly across the medieval period. Horses appear to have been selectively bred for increased size from the 9th and 10th centuries, and by the 11th century the average warhorse was probably 14.2 to 15 hh (), a size verified by studies of Norman horseshoes as well as the depictions of horses on the Bayeux Tapestry. Analysis of horse transports suggests 13th-century destriers were a stocky build, and no more than 15-15.2 hands (). Three centuries later, warhorses were not significantly bigger; the Royal Armouries used a 15.2 hand () Lithuanian Heavy Draught mare as a model for the statues displaying various 15th- and 16th-century horse armours, as her body shape was an excellent fit.
Perhaps one reason for the pervasive belief that the medieval war horse had to be of draught horse type is the assumption, still held by many, that medieval armour was heavy. In fact, even the heaviest tournament armour (for knights) weighed little more than , and field (war) armour ; barding, or horse armour, more common in tournaments than war, rarely weighed more than . For horses, "Cuir bouilli" (a type of hardened leather), and padded caparisons were more common, and probably as effective. Allowing for the weight of the rider and other equipment, horses can carry approximately 30% of their weight; thus such loads could certainly be carried by a heavy riding horse in the range, and a draught horse was not needed.
Although a large horse is not required to carry an armoured knight, it is held by some historians that a large horse was desirable to increase the power of a lance strike. However, practical experiments by re-enactors have suggested that the rider's weight and strength is of more relevance than the size of the mount, and that little of the horse's weight is translated to the lance.
Further evidence for a 14-16 hand () war horse is that it was a matter of pride to a knight to be able to vault onto his horse in full armour, without touching the stirrup. This arose not from vanity, but necessity: if unhorsed during battle, a knight would remain vulnerable if unable to mount by himself. In reality, of course, a wounded or weary knight might find it difficult, and rely on a vigilant squire to assist him. Incidentally, a knight's armour served in his favour in any fall. With his long hair twisted on his head to form a springy padding under his padded-linen hood, and his helm placed on top, he had head protection not dissimilar to a modern bicycle or equestrian helmet.
Transportation.
Throughout the Middle Ages it was customary for people of all classes and background to travel, often widely. The households of the upper classes and royal courts moved between manors and estates; the demands of diplomacy, war and crusades took men to distant countries; priests travelled between churches, monasteries and formed emissaries to Rome; people of all classes went on pilgrimage, or travelled to find work; others travelled as a pastime. Most people undertook small journeys on foot and hired horses for longer journeys. For the upper classes, travel was accompanied by a great deal of pomp and display, with fine horses, large retinues and magnificent cavalcades in order to display their wealth as well as to ensure personal comfort. For example, in 1445, the English royal household contained 60 horses in the king's stable and 186 kept for "chariots" (carriages) and carts.
During much of the Middle Ages, there was no system of interconnected roads and bridges. Though parts of Europe still had remnants of Roman roads built before the collapse of the Roman Empire, most had long fallen into disrepair. Because of the necessity to ride long distances over uncertain roads, smooth-gaited horses were preferred, and most ordinary riding horses were of greater value if they could do one of the smooth but ground-covering four-beat gaits collectively known as an "amble" rather than the more jarring trot.
Mule trains, for land travel, and barges, for river and canal travel, were the most common form of long-distance haulage, although wheeled horse-drawn vehicles were used for shorter journeys. In areas with good roads, regular carrier services were established between major towns. However, because medieval roads were generally so poor, carriages for human passengers were rare. When roads permitted, early carriages were developed from freight wagons. Carriage travel was made more comfortable in the late 14th century with the introduction of the "chariot branlant", which had strap suspension.
The speed of travel varied greatly. Large retinues could be slowed by the presence of slow-paced carts and litters, or by servants and attendants on foot, and could rarely cover more than fifteen to twenty miles a day. Small mounted companies might travel 30 miles a day. However, there were exceptions: stopping only for a change of horses midway, Richard II of England once managed the 70 miles between Daventry and Westminster in a night.
For breeding, war and travel purposes, it was also necessary to be able to transport horses themselves. For this purpose, boats were adapted and built to be used as horse transports. William of Normandy's 1066 invasion of England required the transfer of over 2000 horses from Normandy. Similarly, when travelling to France in 1285–6, Edward I of England ferried over 1000 horses across the English Channel to provide the royal party with transport.
Riding horses.
Riding horses were used by a variety of people during the Middle Ages, and so varied greatly in quality, size and breeding. Knights and nobles kept riding horses in their war-trains, saving their warhorses for the battle. The names of horses referred to a "type" of horse, rather than a breed. Many horses were named by the region where they or their immediate ancestors were foaled. For example, in Germany, Hungarian horses were commonly used for riding. Individual horses were often described by their gait ('trotters' or 'amblers'), by their colouring, or by the name of their breeder.
The best riding horses were known as palfreys; other riding horses were often called "hackneys", from which the modern term "hack" is derived. Women sometimes rode palfreys or small, quiet horses known as jennets.
Harness and pack horses.
A variety of work horses were used throughout the Middle Ages. The pack horse (or "sumpter horse") carried equipment and belongings. Common riding horses, often called "hackneys", could be used as pack horses. Cart horses pulled wagons for trading and freight haulage, on farms, or as part of a military campaign. These draught horses were smaller than their modern counterparts; pictorial and archaeological evidence suggests that they were stout but short, approximately 13-14 hands (), and capable of drawing a load of per horse. Four-wheeled wagons and two-wheeled carts were more common in towns, such as London and, depending on type of vehicle and weight of the load, were usually pulled by teams of two, three, or four horses harnessed in tandem. Starting in the 12th century, in England the use of oxen to pull carts was gradually superseded by the use of horses, a process that extended through the 13th century. This change came because horse-drawn transport moved goods quicker and over greater distances than ox-drawn methods of transport.
Agriculture.
The Romans had used a two-field crop rotation agricultural system, but from the 8th century on, a three-field system became more common. One field would be sown with a winter crop, the second with a spring crop, and the third left fallow. This allowed a greater amount of spring crop of oats to be grown, which provided fodder for horses. Another advance during the Middle Ages was the development of the heavy mouldboard plough, which allowed dense and heavy soils to be tilled easily; this technology required the use of larger teams of draught animals including oxen and horses, as well as the adoption of larger fields. Particularly after the 12th century, the increased use of both the horse collar and use of iron horse shoes allowed horsepower to be directed more efficiently. Horse teams usually were four horses, or perhaps six, as compared to eight oxen, and the lesser numbers compensated for the fact that the horses needed to be fed grain on top of pasture, unlike oxen. The increased speed of horses also allowed more land to be ploughed in a day, with an eight ox plough team averaging a half an acre a day, but a horse team averaged an acre a day.
For farm work, such as ploughing and harrowing, the draught horse used was called an "affrus" (or "stott"), which was usually smaller and cheaper than the cart horse. While oxen were traditionally used as work animals on farms, horses began to be used in greater numbers after the development of the horse collar. Oxen and horses were sometimes harnessed together. The transition from oxen to horses for farm work was documented in pictorial sources (for example, the 11th-century Bayeux tapestry depicts working horses), and also clear from the change from the Roman two-field crop-rotation system to a new three-field system, which increased the cultivation of fodder crops (predominantly oats, barley and beans). Horses were also used to process crops; they were used to turn the wheels in mills (such as corn mills), and transport crops to market. The change to horse-drawn teams also meant a change in ploughs, as horses were more suited to a wheeled plough, unlike oxen.
Equestrian equipment and technological innovations.
The development of equestrian technology proceeded at a similar pace as the development of horse breeding and utilisation. The changes in warfare during the Early Middle Ages to heavy cavalry both precipitated and relied on the arrival of the stirrup, solid-treed saddle, and horseshoe from other cultures.
The development of the nailed horseshoe enabled longer, faster journeys on horseback, particularly in the wetter lands in northern Europe, and were useful for campaigns on varied terrains. By providing protection and support, nailed horse shoes also improved the efficiency of draught horse teams. Though the Romans had developed an iron "hipposandal" that resembled a hoof boot, there is much debate over the actual origins of the nailed horseshoe, though it does appear to be of European origin. There is little evidence of nailed-on shoes prior to AD 500 or 600, though there is speculation that the Celtic Gauls were the first to nail on metal horseshoes. The earliest clear written record of iron horseshoes is a reference to "crescent figured irons and their nails" in a list of cavalry equipment from AD 910. Additional archaeological evidence suggests they were used in Siberia during the 9th and 10th centuries, and had spread to Byzantium soon afterward; by the 11th century, horseshoes were commonly used in Europe. By the time the Crusades began in 1096, horseshoes were widespread and frequently mentioned in various written sources.
Riding technology.
The saddle with a solid tree provided a bearing surface to protect the horse from the weight of the rider. The Romans are credited with the invention of the solid-treed saddle, possibly as early as the 1st century BC, and it was widespread by the 2nd century AD. Early medieval saddles resembled the Roman "four-horn" saddle, and were used without stirrups. The development of the solid saddle tree was significant; it raised the rider above the horse's back, and distributed the rider's weight, reducing the pounds per square inch carried on any one part of the horse's back, thus greatly increasing the comfort of the horse and prolonging its useful life. Horses could carry more weight when distributed across a solid saddle tree. It also allowed a more built up seat to give the rider greater security in the saddle. From the 12th century on, the high war-saddle became more common, providing protection as well as added security. The built up cantle of a solid-treed saddle enabled horsemen to use lance more effectively.
Beneath the saddle, caparisons or saddle cloths were sometimes worn; these could be decorated or embroidered with heraldic colours and arms. War horses could be equipped with additional covers, blankets and armour collectively referred to as barding; this could be for decorative or protective purposes. Early forms of horse armour, usually restricted to tournaments, comprised padded leather pieces, covered by a trapper (a decorated cloth), which was not particularly heavy. Mail and plate armour was also occasionally used; there are literary references to horse armour (an "iron blanket") starting in the late 12th century.
The solid tree allowed for effective use of the stirrup. The stirrup was developed in China and in widespread use there by 477 AD. By the 7th century, primarily due to invaders from Central Asia, such as the Avars, stirrups arrived in Europe, and European riders had adopted them by the 8th century. Among other advantages, stirrups provided greater balance and support to the rider, which allowed the knight to use a sword more efficiently without falling, especially against infantry.
The increased use of the stirrup from the 8th century on aided the warrior's stability and security in the saddle when fighting. This may have led to greater use of shock tactics, although a couched lance could be used effectively without stirrups. In particular, Charles Martel recognized the military potential of the stirrup, and distributed seized lands to his retainers on condition that they serve him by fighting in the new manner.
A theory known as The Great Stirrup Controversy argues that the advantages in warfare that stemmed from use of the stirrup led to the birth of feudalism itself. Other scholars, however, dispute this assertion, suggesting that stirrups provided little advantage in shock warfare, being useful primarily for allowing a rider to lean farther to the left and right on the saddle while fighting, and simply reduce the risk of falling off. Therefore, it is argued, they are not the reason for the switch from infantry to cavalry in Medieval militaries, nor the reason for the emergence of Feudalism.
There was a variety of headgear used to control horses, predominantly bridles with assorted designs of bits. Many of the bits used during the Middle Ages resemble the bradoon, snaffle bit and curb bit that are still in common use today. However, they often were decorated to a greater degree: the bit rings or shanks were frequently covered with large, ornamental "bosses." Some designs were also more extreme and severe than those used today.The curb bit was known during the classical period, but was not generally used during the Middle Ages until the mid-14th century. Some styles of snaffle bit used during the Middle Ages had the lower cheek extended, in the manner of the modern half-cheek or full cheek snaffle. Until the late 13th century, bridles generally had a single pair of reins; after this period it became more common for knights to use two sets of reins, similar to that of the modern double bridle, and often at least one set was decorated.
Spurs were commonly used throughout the period, especially by knights, with whom they were regularly associated. A young man was said to have "won his spurs" when he achieved knighthood. Wealthy knights and riders frequently wore decorated and filigreed spurs. Attached to the rider's heel by straps, spurs could be used both to encourage horses to quickly move forward or to direct lateral movement. Early spurs had a short shanks or "neck", placing the rowel relatively close to the rider's heel; further developments in the spur shape lengthened the neck, making it easier to touch the horse with less leg movement on the part of the rider.
Harness technology.
A significant development which increased the importance and use of horses in harness, particularly for ploughing and other farm work, was the horse collar. The horse collar was invented in China during the 5th century, arrived in Europe during the 9th century, and became widespread throughout Europe by the 12th century. It allowed horses to pull greater weight than they could when hitched to a vehicle by means of yokes or breastcollars used in earlier times. The yoke was designed for oxen and not suited to the anatomy of horses, it required horses to pull with their shoulders rather than using the power of their hindquarters. Harnessed in such a manner, horse teams could pull no more than 500 kg. The breastplate-style harness that had flat straps across the neck and chest of the animal, while useful for pulling light vehicles, was of little use for heavy work. These straps pressed against the horse's sterno-cephalicus muscle and trachea, which restricted breathing and reduced the pulling power of the horse. Two horses harnessed with a breastcollar harness were limited to pulling a combined total of about . In contrast, the horse collar rested on horses' shoulders and did not impede breathing. It allowed a horse to use its full strength, by pushing forward with its hindquarters into the collar rather than to pull with its shoulders. With the horse collar, a horse could provide a work effort of 50% more foot-pounds per second than an ox, because it could move at a greater speed, as well as having generally greater endurance and the ability to work more hours in a day. A single horse with a more efficient collar harness could draw a weight of about . 
A further improvement was managed by altering the arrangement of the teams; by hitching horses one behind the other, rather than side by side, weight could be distributed more evenly, and pulling power increased. This increase in horse power is demonstrated in the building accounts of Troyes, which show carters hauling stone from quarries distant; the carts weighed, on average, , on which of stone was regularly loaded, sometimes increasing to – a significant increase from Roman-era loads.
Horse trades and professions.
The elite horseman of the Middle Ages was the knight. Generally raised from the middle and upper classes, the knight was trained from childhood in the arts of war and management of the horse. In most languages, the term for knight reflects his status as a horseman: the French "chevalier", Spanish "caballero" and German "Ritter". The French word for horse-mastery – "chevalerie" – gave its name to the highest concept of knighthood: chivalry.
A large number of trades and positions arose to ensure the appropriate management and care of horses. In great households, the marshal was responsible for all aspects relating to horses: the care and management of all horses from the chargers to the pack horses, as well as all travel logistics. The position of marshal (literally "horse servant") was a high one in court circles and the king's marshal (such as the Earl Marshal in England) was also responsible for managing many military matters. Also present within the great households was the constable (or "count of the stable"), who was responsible for protection and the maintenance of order within the household and commanding the military component and, with marshals, might organise hastiludes and other chivalrous events. Within lower social groupings, the 'marshal' acted as a farrier. The highly skilled marshal made and fitted horseshoes, cared for the hoof, and provided general veterinary care for horses; throughout the Middle Ages, a distinction was drawn between the marshal and the blacksmith, whose work was more limited.
A number of tradesmen dealt with the provision of horses. Horse dealers (frequently called "horse coursers" in England) bought and sold horses, and frequently had the reputation as dishonest figures, responsible for the brisk trade in stolen horses. Others, such as the "hackneymen" offered horses for hire, and many formed large establishments on busy roads, often branding their horses to deter theft.
Women and horses.
It was not uncommon for a girl to learn her father's trade, and for a woman to share her husband's trade; many guilds also accepted the membership of widows, so they might continue their husband's business. Under this system, some women trained in horse-related trades, and there are records of women working as farriers and saddle-makers. On farms, where every hand was needed, excessive emphasis on division of labour was impracticable, and women often worked alongside men (on their own farms or as hired help), leading the farmhorses and oxen, and managing their care.
Despite the difficulties of travel, it was customary for many people, including women, to travel long distances. Upper-class wives frequently accompanied their husbands on crusade or to tournaments, and many women travelled for social or family engagements; both nuns and laywomen would perform pilgrimages. When not on foot, women would usually travel on horseback or, if weakened or infirm, be carried in a wagon or a litter. If roads permitted, women sometimes rode in early carriages developed from freight wagons, pulled by three or four horses. After the invention of better suspension systems, travel in carriages became more comfortable. Women of the nobility also rode horses for sport, accompanying men in activities that included hunting and hawking.
Most medieval women rode astride. While an early chair-like sidesaddle with handles and a footrest was available by the 13th century and allowed women of the nobility to ride while wearing elaborate gowns, they were not universally adopted during the Middle Ages. This was largely due to the insecure seat they offered, which necessitated a smooth-gaited horse being led by another handler. The sidesaddle did not become practical for everyday riding until the 16th-century development of the pommel horn that allowed a woman to hook her leg around the saddle and hence use the reins to control her own horse. Even then, sidesaddle riding remained a precarious activity until the invention of the second, "leaping horn" in the 19th century.
It was not unknown for women to ride war horses, and take their part in warfare. Joan of Arc is probably the most famous female warrior of the medieval period, but there were many others, including the Empress Matilda who, armoured and mounted, led an army against her cousin Stephen of Blois, and Stephen's wife Matilda of Boulogne in the 12th century. The 15th-century writer Christine de Pizan advised aristocratic ladies that they must "know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it."
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="9825621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825621" title="John Curdo">
John Curdo

John A. Curdo (born November 14, 1931) is an American chess player from Auburn, Massachusetts, best known for winning the Massachusetts state championship 17 times between 1948 and 1985, as well as the US Senior Championship. Though Curdo never attained the rank of Grandmaster or International Master, he has been known for over 50 years as one of the strongest players in New England, with victories over Grandmasters Pal Benko, Robert Byrne, and Arthur Bisguier, among many others.
As of August 2009, Curdo had won 830 tournaments over the course of his career, a number believed to be a world record by a wide margin. By December 2011, he had extended this to 865 tournament wins. His opening repertoire has remained relatively consistent throughout his career, and he is well known as an expert on the Dutch Defense and the Belgrade Gambit of the Four Knights Game. Curdo has published four game collections, including the annotated game collection "Forty Years at the Top" and the "Chess Caviar" series ("Chess Caviar", "More Chess Caviar" and "Still More Chess Caviar").

</doc>
<doc id="9825623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825623" title="Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds">
Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds

Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds () is a popular science book by French author Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle, published in 1686. It offered an explanation of the heliocentric model of the Universe, suggested by Nicolaus Copernicus in his 1543 work "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium". The book is Fontenelle's most famous work and is considered to be one of the first major works of the Age of Enlightenment.
Background.
Unlike many scientific works of its time, "Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds" was written not in Latin, but in French and is notable as one of the first books to attempt an explanation of scientific theories in popular language. In the preface, Fontenelle addresses female readers and suggests that the offered explanation should be easily understood even by those without scientific knowledge. This move has been praised by some modern feminist critics as admitting women's intelligence in scientific matters.
Plot summary.
The book itself is presented as a series of conversations between a gallant philosopher and a marquise, who walk in the latter's garden at night and gaze at stars. The philosopher explains the heliocentric model and also muses on the possibility of extraterrestrial life. Fontenelle's work was not cast polemically against the world views of either the Catholic Church or the Protestant churches, nor did it attract the attention, positive or negative, of theologians or prelates.
Translations.
The first English translation was compounded by John Glanvill in 1687, followed by another translation by Aphra Behn in 1688, under the title "A Discovery of New Worlds". Antiokh Kantemir translated it into Russian in 1730, although the translation was only published in a censored edition in 1740, due to objections from Russian Orthodox Church.
Reception.
The book was very well received both in France and elsewhere, and was regularly published. In 1691, Fontenelle was elected to Académie française. 

</doc>
<doc id="9825649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825649" title="Emerging Pictures">
Emerging Pictures

Emerging Pictures is a theatrical exhibition company, founded in 2002 by Giovanni Cozzi, Ira Deutchman and Barry Rebo. The stated mission of the company is to create a national alternative theatrical network out of independent venues such as art house theaters, museums and performing arts centers, connected through the use of digital technology. Emerging Pictures specializes in independent film, documentaries, foreign language films and broadcasts of cultural programming, such as opera, ballet, and Shakespeare plays.
Technology.
Emerging installs its proprietary server technology into the projection booths of these theaters and delivers the films to the theaters through a dedicated data line. The company calls its technology “i-Cinema,” named for independent and international films, and to differentiate it from Hollywood’s d-Cinema standard. Emerging’s network is currently 130 venues, and is spread out all over the U.S. It has also begun to expand into other countries and has servers in use in Latvia and Australia. Emerging’s platform provides a cost-effective way to distribute films nationally by removing the cost of making or shipping 35mm prints. Emerging’s digital network allows for more flexibility of programming by removing the physical element and thus allowing theaters to program more like a television network with different types of programming in different day parts.
Films.
First-run films are provided by all the independent distributors in the U.S. including IFC Films, Sony Pictures Classics, Magnolia Pictures, Kino/Lorber Films, Zeitgeist Films and others. Older repertory titles are provided by Universal Pictures and Janus Films.
Cultural Programming.
Among the most successful content in its network are cultural programs that are shown live and near-live. Its “Opera in Cinema” program features operas from La Scala (Milan), the Gran Teatre del Liceu (Barcelona), the Salzburg Festival and the Royal Opera House (London). “Ballet in Cinema” includes ballets from the Bolshoi (Moscow), the Mariinsky Ballet (Saint Petersburg) and the Royal Opera House. “Shakespeare in Cinema” features plays from Shakespeare's Globe (London). The “Opera in Cinema” series is considered to be the only major competition for the Met in HD broadcasts from the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. Emerging Pictures receives its content from a number of content holders: RAI Trade, Opus Arte, Bel Air Media, C Major, and directly from the Gran Teatre del Liceu.
Distribution.
In its early years, the company also used to provide marketing, distribution and exhibition services for filmmakers in the theatrical, television and home video markets. The company closed its distribution operation in 2009 to focus on building the theatrical network. The only content for which Emerging currently acts as distributor is the cultural content. Much of that content is distributed by Emerging on a worldwide basis.

</doc>
<doc id="9825659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825659" title="1987 Arena Football League season">
1987 Arena Football League season

The 1987 Arena Football League season was the first season, also known as the "demonstration season", of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Denver Dynamite, who defeated the Pittsburgh Gladiators in ArenaBowl I.
Events.
The Arena Football League played its inaugural season in 1987 with four teams to introduce the sport to the American public. The Chicago Bruisers, Denver Dynamite, Pittsburgh Gladiators and Washington Commandos comprised the 4-team league that ran a schedule from mid-June to August 1. The AFL drew an impressive average of 11,000 fans per game and TV coverage on ESPN. The four teams Pittsburgh (12,856), Denver (12,098/game), Washington (11,525) and Chicago (8,638) drew fairly well in their respective facilities. Denver played out of the old McNichols Arena, Pittsburgh in the Civic Arena, Washington at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland and Chicago at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois.
The AFL kicked off on Friday, June 19, 1987 when the host Pittsburgh Gladiators hosted the Washington Commandos at the Civic Arena in Pittsburgh before 12,177 fans.
AFL football officially began at 7:37 pm EDT that night when Washington's Dale Castro kicked the ball into the slack net (the mesh between the field goal posts) resulting in a touchback. The Gladiators took over on their own five-yard line. The very first play from scrimmage saw Pittsburgh quarterback Mike Hohensee hit WR/DB Russell Hairston on a 45-yard touchdown pass; the play would set the tone for the league's wide-open, high-scoring mandate that the game's inventor, James Foster, envisioned. The Gladiators, featuring future Arena Football League Hall of Famer Craig Walls playing against his brother Kendall, went on to win the game 48–46.
The head coaches of the four AFL teams in 1987 were former CFL great Ray Jauch (Chicago), future longtime AFL coach Tim Marcum (Denver), Joe Haering (Pittsburgh) and Bob Harrison (Washington).
Some of the notable performers for Chicago in 1987 included QB Mike Hold, Jr., FB/LB Billy Stone, WR Reggie Smith, DB Durwood Roquemore and future NFL head coach QB Sean Payton, before he was traded to Pittsburgh and later signed with Ottawa of the CFL. Former USFL player Rich Salzer was also with Chicago .
The Denver Dynamite would also featured a backup QB that would go onto an NFL head coaching career: Marty Mornhinweg, who backed up Whit Taylor. Also on the Dynamite roster that year was FB/LB Rob DeVita, WR Durrell Taylor and future AFL Hall of Fame WR Gary Mullen.
Continuing the theme of quarterbacks who would go onto future coaching opportunities was Gladiators QB Mike Hohensee, who yielded the starting role with Pittsburgh early in the season to Brendan Folmar. Hohensee would return to the ArenaBowl nineteen years later in July 2006 by capturing ArenaBowl XX as head coach of the Chicago Rush.
Gladiators WR Russell Hairston had a 67 catches in 1987, good for 1,126 yards and 18 touchdowns (in just 6 games) and would go onto win AFL MVP honors. Also notable on the Pittsburgh roster was DB Mike Stoops who went onto to coach the University of Arizona in 2005.
The Washington Commandos featured a high-scoring unit that had WR Dwayne Dixon (68 catches, 11 TDs) and QB Rich Ingold, who led the AFL with 29 TD passes and 1,726 yards.
ArenaBowl I that year featured the Gladiators hosting the Dynamite at Civic Arena; the Pittsburgh fans, however, went home disappointed as the Dynamite walked away with a 45–16 victory, a win that was the first of seven ArenaBowl titles for Denver coach Tim Marcum.
Standings.
y – clinched regular-season title
x – clinched playoff spot

</doc>
<doc id="9825683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825683" title="Songs of Eirren">
Songs of Eirren

The Songs of Eirren series by fantasy novelist Edith Pattou is made up of two books: Hero's Song and Fire Arrow. 
Hero's Song takes the reader on an epic journey through dark-aged Eirren, a parallel to Ireland. Collun is a young man and simple gardener living at peace with his family in their small humble home, but when his beloved sister disappears, Collun must go in search of her. Along the road he finds himself in the company of an aspiring bard,Talisen, a wizard,Crann who dies, a prince of magical beings, Silian an Ellyl which is kind of an elf, and a fiery archer with a mission of her own,Brie whose father was ordered to be killed by Collun's father and dresses up like a boy. The journey is perilous and filled with dangerous encounters. Collun learns the worst is yet to come when he finds the only way to reach his sister is by killing a horrific beast,that is called a Firewurme, which few have seen and lived to tell the tale,because it secrets a fluid that eats your flesh. And Collun travels to his father's home, who he didn't know, with Brie and builds a garden there.
Fire Arrow, the second edition and sequel to Hero's Song, is the tale of Breo-Saight, better known as Brie, Collun's fiery archer companion from the first novel. After witnessing her father's murder she vowed revenge on his killers. When she finally finds peace with Collun, she is told where she will find her father's killers by a wyll, a magical being with the power to see beyond. Brie continues her quest and comes across her birthright: an arrow that seems to have a mind of its own. She travels to Dungal where she meets an evil one-eyed sorcerer with a diabolical plan that happens to be her cousin. In her darkest hour of need after she is captured by the evil sorcerer, Collun comes to the rescue. Together he and Brie must stop the sorcerer from carrying out his plan and destroy him, and Brie must learn to keep her thirst for revenge from destroying herself, Both are sent to a Crystal Castle, to end a long-lasting war and making peace.

</doc>
<doc id="9825717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825717" title="Chinese Culture Center">
Chinese Culture Center

The Chinese Culture Center () of San Francisco, California, USA, is a major community-based, non-profit organization established in 1965 to foster the understanding and appreciation of Chinese and Chinese American art, history, and culture in the United States. 
The facilities of the Center, totaling , include a 299-seat auditorium, a gallery, book shop, classroom, and offices. Centrally located between Chinatown and the Financial District, the Center attracts a broad spectrum of audiences from the Chinese community, the city at large, and the greater Bay Area, as well as visitors from all over the country.
History.
The Center was built as a compromise between developmental forces, such as the San Francisco Chinese Chamber of Commerce, and ethnic associations such as the Asian People's Coalition, who wanted a community center or affordable housing in Chinatown. It was the first Chinese cultural center in the San Francisco Chinatown, located on one floor of a Holiday Inn. The Chinese Culture Foundation, established to run the Center the same year in 1965, was pressured by older Chinese Americans who wanted to use the center to preserve a link to the culture in China, and younger Chinese Americans who wanted to create a culture with both Chinese and American influences. 
In the 1970s, the Center began hosting celebrations of the Spring Festival, including family-oriented activities such as martial arts demonstrations, batik and pottery making, and food demonstrations. The celebration included screenings of films and slideshows about post-1950s China. Then in the 1980s, the Center organized trips to sponsor American-born Chinese to visit their ancestral homes in China with its highly successful "In Search of Roots" program. Because it refused sponsorship by the Republic of China government, it was accused of supporting communism, and shunned by the Chinese establishment in San Francisco. However, after the Chinese economic reform and democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan, the Two Chinas became less hostile, and so the San Francisco Chinese Chamber of Commerce and other older Chinatown organizations began to cooperate with the Chinese Culture Center in the 1990s.
Additionally, the Center hosts "the Roots Village Database" site for Chinese people to search for their ancestral villages in Taishan, Xinhui, Kaiping, and Zhongshan (Siyi), the Pearl River Delta counties of China.

</doc>
<doc id="9825722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825722" title="Giles McCrary">
Giles McCrary

Giles Connell McCrary, Sr. (November 5, 1919 – October 30, 2011), was a self-employed oil operator, investor, art collector, rancher, and the owner of the OS Museum in Post, the seat of Garza County, southeast of Lubbock on the Texas South Plains.
McCrary was the mayor of Post from 1969 to 1991; in Texas, all mayors are elected on a nonpartisan ballot. McCrary, however, was a Republican, having contributed in recent years to many GOP candidates as well as the Republican National Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
Background.
McCrary was born to I. N. McCrary and the former Nell Connell in Fort Worth, the seat of Tarrant County, in north Texas. In 1940, while still twenty, he married his wife, the former Helen Louise Luton (born 1920). Their children are daughter, Mary L. McCrary of Lubbock, and a son, Giles C. McCrary, Jr. (born 1952), of Fort Worth, and four grandchildren. A second daughter, Pamela McCrary, died in 1979 at the age of thirty-four.
In 1942, McCrary graduated from Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia, an institution headed by General Robert E. Lee from 1865 until Lee's death in 1870. McCrary then entered the United States Army's 63rd Infantry Division. He was in the first unit to cross the Rhine River and to penetrate Germany prior to the surrender to the Allied forces. McCrary assisted in the liberation of one concentration camp. It was during his military service, when he often went to concerts and museums, that he acquired his interest in art.
Museum collection.
The OS Ranch Museum is one of three museums in Post, a small town known for its hospitality and its encouragement of tourism. McCrary features works by many Southwestern artists that depict Texas in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. His museum includes works which he has collected over many years from trips throughout the world, including Vatican City in Rome. In addition to its western works, the museum hosts cases of Faberge eggs, textiles, and ivory carvings from the Far East. Although it is now illegal to bring ivory into the United States, McCrary acquired his samples when importation was permitted. In 2002, McCrary helped to bring the Vatican Museums Collection to Texas Tech University in Lubbock. The collection of medieval frescoes and paintings attracted some 133,000 visitors.
In addition to being treasurer for the Vatican Museums Collection, McCrary financed the education of more than two hundred Texas Tech students in recent years. According to Wanda Mitchell, Post's Commerce and Tourism Bureau president, McCrary paid the tuition of about twenty students each year but preferred not to speak of his philanthropic endeavors.
Civic leadership.
In 2005, McCrary was one of five individuals, including Jim Humphreys, former manager of the Pitchfork Ranch east of Lubbock, who received the Founders Award from the National Ranching Heritage Center at Texas Tech, which offers a highly acclaimed free outdoor museum on the Tech campus. The award is given to people who have made the ranching center, along with its inside museum, a priority in their lives. The McCrarys also support Texas Tech through the Ershel A. Franklin Charitable Trust, named for McCrary's partner in the oil business. Franklin died in 1980, and McCrary became sole trustee for the trust.
McCrary's grandfather sold part of his ranch to the legendary cereal maker Charles William Post in the early 20th century. McCrary still owns part of the original ranch that his grandfather purchased from Clarence Scharbauer of Midland. McCrary returned to Post in the late 1940s to run the family ranching operation. He left the community only for vacations and business and art-collecting trips. He has visited more than one hundred countries on all continents, including Antarctica, which he has toured three times with "National Geographic" magazine. Despite such extensive travels, McCrary said that he would not live in a large city because he preferred the camaraderie of life in a small west Texas town.
McCrary once said that he believed his town of Post would have become the size of Lubbock had C. W. Post lived to fulfill his dream of creating a self-sustaining community. Post, who was in poor health for much of his life, died just before his sixtieth birthday and was in Texas for only seven years of his life.
In addition to the OS Museum, Post promoted tourism through its restored Garza Theater, Garza County Historical Museum, and its Hotel Garza, an 11-room downtown bed and breakfast. There is also the 400-seat Ragtime Gospel Theater, designed to resemble a street in old Jerusalem and known for its southern gospel music.
The revitalized downtown Post was once featured on a segment of Bob Phillips' "Texas Country Reporter" syndicated television series.
McCrary was a member of Rotary International and the Masonic lodge. He was Presbyterian. McCrary died in Lubbock a week before his ninety-second birthday. He was a recipient of the Doctorate of Humane Letters honorary degree from the Texas Tech University Health Science Center.

</doc>
<doc id="9825733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825733" title="Doctor*Ology">
Doctor*Ology

Doctor*Ology is a documentary television series which premiered its first five episodes on March 2, 2007 on the Discovery Channel. It is a comedic documentary, starring Leslie Nielsen, which describes the type of work done in various medical specialties.

</doc>
<doc id="9825808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825808" title="Phyllis Granoff">
Phyllis Granoff

Phyllis Emily Granoff (born 1947) is a specialist in Indic religions. In July 2004 she joined Yale University as a Professor of World Religions. She also serves as the editor of the Journal of Indian Philosophy.
Academic credentials.
After receiving a Bachelor of Arts (summa cum laude) in Far Eastern Languages from Radcliffe College, she earned her Ph.D. in Sanskrit, Indian Studies and Fine Arts from the Harvard University. She is fluent in numerous Indian languages, including Sanskrit, Prākrit, Pāli, Ardha Magadhi, Bengali, Hindi, Assamese, Gujarati and Oriya. In addition, she has some degree of skill in Japanese, Chinese, French and German.
Professional history.
Professor Granoff has taught at numerous institutions, including the Austrian-American Institute, McMaster University, University of California at Berkeley, Harvard University, Sorbonne, École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, and Yale University. Professor Granoff's work has focused on Indian mythology, cults, image worship, art, literature, poetry, and medieval Indian law codes. With her husband, Professor Koichi Shinohara, she has written, translated and edited several books, and has published more than 70 journal articles on various topics.
Over the years, Phyllis Granoff has inspired and worked closely with scholars who have revolutionized the study of Indic religions. One such colleague has been Gregory Schopen, Professor of Asian Languages and Cultures at UCLA, who has been credited with "prompting significant revision to" and "overturning" many "cherished convictions that had long constituted the of Buddhist studies." While acknowledging Phyllis Granoff in one of his works, Professor Schopen writes that he is grateful to Professor Granoff, "who over the years has published my work and given me the consolation of good conversation and shared with me her observations and her always nimble wit." [2
Anthologies.
"Pilgrims, Patrons and Place: Localizing Sanctity in Asian Religions" (2003) is a book which brings together essays by anthropologists, scholars of religion, and art historians on the subject of sacred place and sacred biography in Asia. The chapters span a broad geographical area that includes India, Nepal, Thailand, Indonesia, and China, and explore issues from the classical and medieval period to the present. They show how sacred places have a plurality of meanings for all religious communities and how in their construction, secular politics, private religious experience, and sectarian rivalry can all intersect. The contributors explore some of the most fundamental challenges that religious groups face as they expand from their homeland or confront the demands of modernity. In every case the biography of a saint or founding figure proves to be central to the formation of religious identity. Sacred place becomes a means of concretizing the ever-expanding sphere of the saint’s influence. 
"Images in Asian Religions" (2004) is a work which work offers a challenge to any simple understanding of the role of images by looking at aspects of the reception of image worship that have only begun to be studied, including the many hesitations that Asian religious traditions expressed about image worship. Written by eminent scholars of anthropology, art history, and religion with interests in different regions (India, China, Japan, and Southeast Asia), this volume takes a fresh look at the many ways in which images were defined and received in Asian religions. Areas addressed include the complex, fluid, and contested nature of the religious image; the reception of images within the intellectual culture of Hinduism and Buddhism; and the importance of historical and cultural context in the study of religious images. 
Translations.
"The Forest of Thieves and the Magic Garden: An Anthology of Medieval Jain Stories" (Penguin, 1998) is a translation of numerous medieval Jain stories drawn from texts dating from the seventh to the fifteenth centuries CE, focusing on the Indic concept of renunciation. The stories translated in this book have been very carefully selected to explore numerous themes central to Jainism and medieval Indian culture. The original language for these stories is sometimes Sanskrit and on other occasions Prakrit. 
"The Journey: Stories by Kishor Charan Das" (University of Michigan Press, 2000) is a collection of urban stories whose characters are mainly middle class. Kishor Charan Das is one of the more distinguished writers of the Oriyā language. His stories are often about differences between realities and imagination. These are stories about human weaknesses, the fallibility of human relationships, and the strategies we adopt to cope with our failures. They are about coming to terms with unpleasant, sometimes shocking truths about ourselves and others. 
Academic recognition.
Phyllis Granoff first received academic recognition for her 1978 book titled "Philosophy and Argument in Late Vedānta: Śrī Harshā's Khaṇḍanakhaṇḍakhādya." This book deals with the work of Śrī Harshā, a twelfth-century Indian philosopher, who is regarded as "one of the most important intellectual figures to rise within the mature Sanskrit tradition." The Journal of the American Oriental Society reviewer of this work declared it to be "the first conceptually and textually responsible work dealing with Śrī Harshā." [7 In this work, Granoff is praised for providing a different perspective from that of "the Western and neo-Hindu readings of Vedānta," by showing it to be an "existentially earnest, logically sophisticated philosophical position." 
Professors Granoff and Shinohara also received praise for their 1992 work titled "Speaking of Monks: Religious Biography in India and China." The reviewer of this book described Granoff and Shinohara to be "experienced masters of the textual sources of the hagiographical traditions with which they deal" and credited them for their "ability to show the relevance of seemingly insignificant details" and their "obvious linguistic familiarity with a variety of literary genres." 
A reviewer described Granoff's 2005 translation of Bengali literary giant Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay to be "one of the most satisfying works of vernacular Indian fiction to appear in English translation in years" and commended Granoff on her "masterful translation." 

</doc>
<doc id="9825860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825860" title="Live in Hokkaido 1995.12.4 Bootleg">
Live in Hokkaido 1995.12.4 Bootleg

Live in Hokkaido 1995.12.4 Bootleg is an X Japan live album released on January 21, 1998. It contains a shortened recording of the band's performances at the Tsukisamu Green Dome on December 4, 1995. The concert was used to raise funds for victims of the Great Hanshin earthquake in early 1995. The "bootleg" moniker applies as the album's sound quality is not on par with X Japan's other live recordings. The album reached number 20 on the Oricon chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9825895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825895" title="Masoud">
Masoud

Masoud (also spelled Massood, Massoud, Masood, Mas'ud, Masud, Messaoud, Mesud or Mesut, , , ) is an Arabic name which is a popular given name and surname in Muslim countries, meaning "Fortunate", "Prosperous", or "Happy". 

</doc>
<doc id="9825916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825916" title="Stanislav Zhuk">
Stanislav Zhuk

Stanislav Alekseevich Zhuk (, ) (January 25, 1935, Ulyanovsk - November 1, 1998, Moscow) was a pair skater who represented the Soviet Union. With partner and wife Nina, he won three silver medals at the European Figure Skating Championships and finished sixth at the 1960 Winter Olympics.
He later went on to a long career as a coach. Among the pairs he coached were Olympic gold medalists Irina Rodnina & Alexander Zaitsev and Ekaterina Gordeeva & Sergei Grinkov.
Biography.
Stanslav Zhuk is a native Siberian. Having finished Marine military service his father, Alexey Zhuk, returned to Ulyanovsk together with his friend Pavel Dementyev. As they were neighbors Alexey met his sister Maria. They immediately fell in love and soon got married. Stanislav Zhuk was born on 25 January 1935 into a family of the naval officer in Ulyanovsk. As a result the family had to move a lot.
In the late 1940-s there was a revival of figure skating in the after-war Leningrad. Here Stanislav started skating. Many of the most promising students of Pioneers Palace section were in the department of Dinamo physical culture and sports club. There was formed the most powerful Soviet Union figure skaters team at the head of the coach Peter Orlov, the Master of Sports. The coach Orlov met Stanislav when he was studying in the physical training college. He offered him to skate in pair with Nina Bakusheva, a ladies single skater from Leningrad.
In the late 1950-s they started to skate together. Stanislav was a very ambitious person. He always followed his motto: “If it's necessary, it’s a must!”. If he didn’t do what he had planned during the trainings, he would have never left the ice-rink. The coach trusted him with the preparation of performance programs and trainings.
In 10 years the pair won three silver medals at the European Championships and they were four-time Champions of the Soviet Union Championships . This was the start of an era of soviet figure skaters great victories worldwide.
While taking part in the European Championships the pair performed the elements which were accepted illegal by judges as they considered them to be too dangerous.
"I was told that it was acrobatics. Remembering this makes me laugh. Time has passed, but the medals will never be gold." (Stanislav Zhuk)
Nobody had ever performed the move with one-handed hold before Stanislav Zhuk. The element was performed with the direct hands in comparison with the other pairs who performed it with the bent hands. Mass media made a fuss about new elements performed by the Zhuk. However a year later these dangerous elements considered to be highly professional.
They were the first soviet skating pair who took part in Winter Olympics at Squaw Valley, Calif., in 1960.
Nina and Stanislav Zhuk finished as high as second in later European and World championships.
1961 they claimed to be the world best skating pair as they had a unique program. But due to unforeseen circumstances the 1961 World Championship didn’t take place. US Figure Skating Team died in a plane crash as they were headed for the World Championship in Prague. Nina and Stanislav decided to finish their professional career and join the Moscow State Ballet on Ice.
1962 Stanislav Zhuk attended the World Championship in Prague as the coach of Ludmila Belousova and Oleg Protopopov. Due to his highly professional program they won a silver medal. Working in the Moscow State Ballet on Ice Zhuk sacrificed his rehearsals and performances for preparing his sister, Tatyana Zhuk, for the competitions. She skated first with Alexander Gavrilov, than with Alexander Gorelick.
Zhuk became a coach for the Central Army Sports Club. He took Alexander Gorelick in his team and 9 months later the skating pair Tatyana and Alexander was accepted into the Soviet Union national team. They were the 1965 World and European bronze medalists and than the 1966 World and European silver medalists. 1968 they won a silver medal at the Winter Olympics.
It was the start of Stanislav Zhuk great victories. He raised many world famous figure skaters in all kinds of figure skating.
He was a discoverer of stars. For example, Irina Rodnina, who is one of the most successful figure skaters ever. His student, Elena Vodorezova, was the first Soviet woman to win a silver medal at the European Championships. Alexander Fadeyev is the first figure skater in the world who landed a quadruple toe-loop (though it was not ratified by the International Skating Union and thus is not credited as the first quad).
In 20 years of coaching Stanislav Zhuk trainees won 67 gold, 36 silver and 35 bronze medals at the Olympic Games and World and European Championships.
Another successive pairs trained by Zhuk were Marina Cherkasova and Sergei Shakhrai, Marina Pestova and Stanislav Leonovich, Ekaterina Gordeeva and Sergei Grinkov. Unfortunately they were the last Zhuk pupils who made the Moscow pair skating famous worldwide.
November 1, 1998 Stanislav Zhuk died of a heart attack at the Moscow subway station “Aeroport”, not far from CSKA. Since then every year his trainees and admirers visit his grave at Vagankovskoe cemetery.
19 November 2008 there was the opening of the monument to Stanislav Zhuk, the outstanding professional figure-skating coach, on the CSKA.

</doc>
<doc id="9825956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825956" title="Harrison High School (Colorado Springs)">
Harrison High School (Colorado Springs)

Harrison High School is a high school near the junction of Interstate 25 and Circle Drive on the southwest side of Colorado Springs. It is the 2nd oldest school district in Colorado Springs, Co. Harrison School District 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9825976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825976" title="Steve Ralbovsky">
Steve Ralbovsky

Steve Ralbovsky is a retired Yugoslav-American soccer player. He was the 1975 Hermann Trophy winner as the outstanding collegiate soccer player of the year. He then had an extensive professional career including time in the North American Soccer League and the American Soccer League II and III.
High school and college.
Born in Yugoslavia, Ralbovsky moved to the United States in 1970. He played soccer at DeWitt Clinton High School in New York City. His excellent play led to his receiving the Public School Athletic League Iron Horse Pegasus Award in 1971-1972 for soccer. After graduating from high school, he attended Brown University where he starred on the school’s men's soccer team. He played both defender and defensive midfielder. During his four seasons with the Bears (1972–1975), Brown dominated the Ivy League. Harvard had been the team to beat in years past, but beginning in 1972, Brown reeled off five straight Ivy League championships. In 1973 and 1975, the team made it to the NCAA Final Four, losing both times in the semi-finals. In 1973, they lost to St. Louis University and in 1975 to the University of San Francisco. Ralbovsky garned numerous individual awards during his time as at Brown. He was selected as All Ivy League in 1974 and 1975. In 1975, he was named as a first team All American, ironically enough as a forward; the NCAA Tournament Defensive MVP and the Hermann Trophy recipient as the year's outstanding collegiate soccer player. He was inducted into the Brown University Athletic Hall of Fame.
Professional.
When Ralbovsky finished his four years at Brown, both the North American Soccer League and the de facto second division American Soccer League (ASL) vied for his services. The Los Angeles Skyhawks of the ASL managed to lure him to the lower league with a higher compensation package then the NASL’s Los Angeles Aztecs offered him. Both the Skyhawks of the ASL and the Aztecs of the NASL had selected Ralbovsky with the number one pick in the leagues’ respective college drafts. Ralbovsky had an immediate impact on the Skyhawks as they ran away with the 1976 ALS championship, defeating the New York Apollo 2-1 in the title game. It was in that game when, with the score tied at 1, Ralbovsky was tripped from behind in the penalty area while on a breakaway - the resulting penalty kick was converted to give the Skyhawks the title. Ralbovsky was named joint Rookie of the Year with John Roeslein of the New Jersey Americans. While Ralbovsky’s play with the Skyhawks brought him to the attention of the national team, he didn’t stick around to play a second season in Los Angeles. Instead, he jumped leagues to NASL where he joind the Chicago Sting for the 1977 season. Once again he played only a single season with his team before moving again, this time to the Colorado Caribous, also of the NASL, for the 1978 season. He moved yet again after only a single season, this time his last move, to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers, where he rejoined his former Skyhawk manager, Ron Newman. He played with the Strikers for three years, 1979–1981, as a left back. In 1979, he played only 11 games. However in 1980 and 1981, he became an integral part of the Strikers back line, playing 28 and 22 games per season. In 1980, the Strikers made it to the NASL championship game before losing to the New York Cosmos by a score of 3-0. In 1981, the Strikers again went deep in the playoffs before losing again to the Cosmos, this time in the semifinal game. After the 1981 season, Ralbovsky returned to the American Soccer League, this time for good. In 1983, he played for the league champion Jacksonville Tea Men which had jumped leagues from the NASL after the 1982 season. However, this was the last year for the American Soccer League as it folded at the end of the season and the Tea Men played in the United Soccer League in 1984. Ralbovsky then spent several years as a construction foreman and played for and coached Sloga of the amateur Gold Coast League. In 1988, Ralbovsky played one season Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the third American Soccer League.
National team.
That year, Ralbvosky also made his debut with the U.S. national team. He earned his first cap when he came on as a substitute in an October 3, 1976 scoreless tie with Mexico. He went on to play fifteen times with the national team, taking part in most of the team’s games in 1977 and 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="9825990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9825990" title="Theo Avgerinos">
Theo Avgerinos

Theo Avgerinos (born September 22, 1978 in New York City) is a feature film director who directed, "Fifty Pills", an independent, features Lou Taylor Pucci, Kristen Bell, John Hensley, Nora Zehetner, Michael Peña, Jane Lynch, Monica Keena, and Eddie Kaye Thomas. Theo's current next feature to date is "Zoe", starring Eliza Dushku, Freddie Prinze, Jr., and Thom Bishops. 

</doc>
<doc id="9826070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826070" title="Prilidiano Pueyrredón">
Prilidiano Pueyrredón

Prilidiano Pueyrredón (January 24, 1823 – November 3, 1870) was an Argentine painter, architect, and engineer. As one of the country's first prominent painters, he was known for his costumbrist sensibility and preference for everyday themes.
Early life.
Pueyrredón was the only son of Juan Martín de Pueyrredón, then the Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, and María Calixta Tellechea y Caviedes, an aristocrat. He completed his primary education at the upper-class Colegio de la Independencia. In 1835 his family relocated to Europe, where he completed his education. He spent the school year in Paris and summers in Cádiz, where his father owned a business importing Argentine leather.
Six years later, as relations between France and Argentina suffered due to the refusal of Juan Manuel de Rosas to grant commercial privileges to ships of French origin — a matter which would not be resolved until the Battle of Vuelta de Obligado a few years later —, the Pueyrredóns left Europe for Río de Janeiro. The city's liberal atmosphere encouraged Pueyrredón's artistic vocation. On his return to Paris three years later he received his parents' permission to study engineering.
Return to Buenos Aires.
In 1849, as the elder Pueyrredón was seriously ill, the entire family returned to Buenos Aires. The general died the following year at the family estate in San Isidro. Although the young Prilidiano, already an engineer, was a peculiar figure by the standards of the Porteño aristocracy, and although rumours abounded about his immorality — he was the first painter in Buenos Aires to paint nudes, of which two, "La siesta" and "El baño", survive to this day and are housed in the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes — he managed to gain favour with the aristocracy by painting their portraits. His subjects included Manuelita, the daughter of Rosas, whom he painted in 1851, shortly before the caudillo's defeat at Caseros.
In the middle of that year, however, he fell out with his cousin and neighbour Magdalena Costa, whom he had courted, and this drove him to leave the city and return temporarily to Cádiz. Here, an affair with a local girl led to the birth of his only daughter.
Artistic maturity.
Pueyrredón returned to Buenos Aires for the last time in 1854, and applied his engineering and architectural skills to the extensive public works that the city's port, separated from the Argentine Confederation, had embarked upon. He worked on the restoration and enlargement of various monuments, among them the chapel of Recoleta, the Pyramid of the Plaza de Mayo, and the Casa Rosada. As an urban planner, he designed the Plaza de la Victoria, a park on what was then the Julio Avenue, and the bridge in the neighborhood of Barracas. He designed the mansion built by Miguel de Azcuénaga in Olivos which later became the official residence of the President of Argentina.
The 1850s and 1860s were Pueyrredón's most prolific period as a painter. 233 works survive from this period, more than half of them commissioned portraits. Around the same time, he became one of the first painters to explore the figure of the gaucho, whom he depicted in the Romantic style he had discovered while living in Europe. Many of his most famous works depict life in the wilds of the Pampas and on the banks of the Río de la Plata: "Un alto en el campo" (1861), "Capataz y peón de campo" (1864), "Lavanderas del Bajo Belgrano" (1865), and "Recorriendo la estancia" (1865).
Pueyrredón died on November 3, 1870, aged 47, at his family's estate in San Isidro. He was largely forgotten until the 1930s, when Argentine critics recognized his contributions to the country's artistic heritage. Particularly admired is his portrait of his father.

</doc>
<doc id="9826077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826077" title="Bora (Australian)">
Bora (Australian)

A Bora is the name both to an initiation ceremony of Indigenous Australians, and to the site on which the initiation is performed. At such a site, boys achieve the status of men. The initiation ceremony differs from culture to culture, but often involves scarification and may also involve the removal of a tooth or part of a finger. The ceremony, and the process leading up to it, involves the learning of sacred songs, stories, dances, and traditional lore. Many different clans will assemble to participate in an initiation ceremony.
The word "Bora" was originally from south-east Australia, but is also now used throughout Eastern Australia to describe an initiation site or ceremony. It is called a "Burbung" in the language of the Darkinjung, to the North of Sydney. The name is said to come from the belt worn by initiated men. The appearance of the site varies from one culture to another, but it is often associated with stone arrangements, rock engravings, or other art works. Women are generally prohibited from entering a bora. 
In south-east Australia, the Bora is often associated with the creator-spirit Baiame. In the Sydney region, large earth mounds were made, shaped as long bands or simple circles. Sometimes the boys would have to pass along a path marked on the ground representing the transition from childhood to manhood, and this path might be marked by a stone arrangement or by footsteps, or mundoes, cut into the rock. In other areas of south-east Australia, a Bora site might consist of two circles of stones, and the boys would start the ceremony in the larger, public, one, and end it in the other, smaller, one, to which only initiated men are admitted. Matthews (1897) gives an excellent eye-witness account of a Bora ceremony, and explains the common use of the two circles.
Bora rings, are mandala-like formations found in south-east Australia. They comprise circles of foot-hardened earth surrounded by raised embankments. They were generally constructed in pairs (although some sites have three), with a bigger circle about 22 metres in diameter and a smaller one of about 14 metres. The rings are joined by a sacred walkway. While most are confined to south-east Queensland and eastern New South Wales, five earth rings have been recorded near the Victorian town of Sunbury, although Aboriginal use has not been documented.
Bora rings in the form of circles of individually placed stones are evident in Werrikimbe National Park in northern New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9826092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826092" title="List of United States Senators in the 90th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 90th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 90th Congress, from January 3, 1967 to January 3, 1969.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1968 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="9826093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826093" title="2002 Atlantic Championship season">
2002 Atlantic Championship season

The 2002 Toyota Atlantic Championship season was contested over 12 rounds. The CART Toyota Atlantic Championship Drivers' Champion was Jon Fogarty driving for Dorricott Racing. In this one-make formula all drivers had to utilize Swift chassis and Toyota engines. 20 different teams and 38 different drivers competed.
Calendar.
bold indicate pole position
Final points standings.
Driver.
For every race the points were awarded: 20 points to the winner, 16 for runner up, 14 for third place, 12 for fourth place, 10 for fifth place, 8 for sixth place, 6 seventh place, winding down to 1 point for 12th place. Lower placed drivers did not award points. Additional points were awarded to the fastest qualifier on Friday (1 point), the fastest qualifier on Saturday (1 point) and to the driver leading the most laps (1 point). Oval races only saw one qualifying.
Note:
Race 7 Michael Valiante had 5 points deduction, because he had shortcutted the course.
Race 7 Rocky Moran, Jr. was originally disqualified, but after Race 8 the decision was reverted to a 5 points deduction.
Race 3 and 6 only one additional point - oval races.
Complete Overview.
R22=retired, but classified NS=did not start NQ=did not qualify NT=no time set in qualifying (15)=place after practice, but grid position not held free

</doc>
<doc id="9826110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826110" title="Gary Blair">
Gary Blair

Gary Claude Blair (born August 9, 1945) is the head coach of the Texas A&M Aggies women's basketball team. In his 26 years as a collegiate head coach, Blair has only suffered one losing season, and has reached postseason play 24 times, including 19 NCAA Tournament appearances, including 2 Final Four appearances in 1998 and 2011. He led the Aggies to the NCAA national championship in 2011. He is listed in the top 35 of the all-time winningest active NCAA Division 1 women's basketball coaches, and is one of the few coaches to guide three different schools to national rankings and NCAA Tournament berths.
Early life.
Gary Blair is the son of Lee, a plaster foreman, and Jean, a housewife. He was raised in the Forest Hills neighborhood of Dallas. He grew up playing baseball, and as a 128-pound center fielder at Bryan Adams High School, he received all-city honors in 1963. Following his high school graduation in 1963, he enrolled at Texas Tech University, where he failed out of architecture, and moved to California to become a restaurant manager. He got a U.S. Army draft notice in 1969, and decided to enlist in the U.S. Marine Corps, completing a four-year tour of duty. He was stationed in Okinawa during his duty. After his tour, he lived in the Los Angeles area, running a restaurant in Costa Mesa and Culver City. At age 27, he used his G.I. Bill to earn a bachelor's degree in health and physical education with a minor in journalism from Texas Tech. He also played a year of baseball for the Red Raiders—he was a defensive center fielder with self-described poor hitting skills. He earned his master's degree in education from the school in 1974.
When head women's basketball coach Marsha Sharp retired from Texas Tech in 2006, Blair got calls from his friends to take over the position. Blair stated, "It wasn’t the right fit or the right time. Timing is everything in coaching."
Early coaching career.
After his graduation from Texas Tech, Blair hoped to find a high school baseball coaching job in Lubbock, but he was offered the physical education coach gig at South Oak Cliff High School in Dallas, a predominantly African American school. South Oak Cliff had just started its women's basketball program, and Blair became the team's first coach in 1973. He was initially the boy's P.E. teacher, while waiting for an offer to coach the baseball team, but when asked to coach the girls' team, he accepted. He also started the boys and girls golf team, and served as its first coach as well. He made $7,000 annually coaching all of these sports.
In his seven seasons at South Oak Cliff, he set a state record with five consecutive state tournament appearances and a 239-18 record. His teams won three state Class 4A championships, in 1977, 1978, and 1980, and finished as the runner-up in 1979 by only two points. For his efforts, Blair was inducted into the Texas High School Basketball Hall of Fame. At South Oak Cliff, Blair coached Debra and Kim Rodman, Dennis Rodman's sisters. Blair used to play ping pong with Dennis. After winning the first state championship, he was offered the head baseball job he had been waiting for, but he turned it down to remain coaching the women's teams.
In October 1980, Blair was offered an assistant coaching job at Louisiana Tech by then-head coach Sonja Hogg. At the time of the offer, Blair was making an annual salary of $22,000. The Louisiana Tech position paid $22,500 and also provided a six-year old brown station wagon. Blair initially rejected the offer, but upon his wife's encouragement, he accepted it. He would coach under Leon Barmore, who replaced Hogg. During his five seasons there, Louisiana Tech reached the Final Four in the NCAA Tournament four times, winning two national championships.
Head coaching career.
Stephen F. Austin (1985–1993).
Blair's first head coaching experience at the collegiate level came at Stephen F. Austin University in Nacogdoches, Texas. In his eight years with the school, he compiled a 210-43 record, including 25 wins in just his second season as a head coach. His teams won seven straight conference championships, and appeared in the NCAA Tournament six times. During his last six seasons, his teams were consistently ranked in the final AP Top 25 polls. The team's success was noticed by their fans, who increased home attendance enough to allow the school to rank in the top 12 of NCAA Division 1 attendance leaders.
It was during his time at SFA that Blair met his future assistant coach Vic Schaefer, who was coaching the Sam Houston State Bearkats at the time.
Blair was inducted into the Ladyjack Hall of Fame during halftime of the Ladyjacks game against the Aggies on December 2, 2008.
Arkansas (1993–2003).
As the head coach of the women's basketball team at Arkansas, Blair compiled a 198-120 record. During his first season, the Lady Razorbacks won 15 of their 29 games, their first winning season in several years. The following year his team, which consisted of 9 freshmen and sophomores, won 23 games and reached the second round of the NCAA tournament.
In the summer of 1996, while his Arkansas team was in their offseason, Blair spent several months in Taiwan as the assistant coach of the U.S. Jones Cup team, which won the gold medal and became the first U.S. team to be undefeated at the Jones Cup tournament. Every one of the players he helped coach during that tournament later went on to play in the WNBA.
Blair made history with his 1997-1998 team. The team, unranked in the national polls, received a number 9 seed for the NCAA Tournament and reached the NCAA Final Four, an unprecedented occurrence. His teams reached the semifinals in the SEC tournament in both 2001 and 2002.
In his final season with the Lady Razorbacks, the team finished the season ranked 24th nationally and reached the second round of the NCAA Tournament.
Texas A&M (2003–present).
Blair arrived at Texas A&M in 2003, taking over the Big 12 Conference's worst team, which had not had a winning season in seven years. In his first season with Texas A&M, Blair worked very hard to attract fans to the women's basketball games, and by the end of the season attendance had increased 71 percent over the previous year, the best increase in the Big 12 Conference. For the first time in his career, however, one of Blair's team suffered a losing season.
The following year the Aggies improved, earning a postseason invitation for the first time since 1996.
In his third season with the Aggies, Blair guided his team to their first Associated Press Top 25 ranking in ten years. The team won 23 games (losing 9), the third-most victories in school history and a tie for the most victories in conference play ever (11 wins, 5 losses in conference). The team finished third in the Big 12, and reached the semifinals in the Big 12 Women's Championship Tournament. With a Number 6 seed to the NCAA Tournament (A&M's first such invitation since 1996), Blair became only the fourth coach in NCAA history to take three different schools to the NCAA Tournament, although this became his only appearance where his team lost in the first round.
Following their successful season, Blair was named the Women's Basketball News Service National Coach of the Year.
Overall, in his first three years as the head coach of the Aggies, A&M home attendance increased 156%, with a school-record 11,088 fans watching the team play Baylor University.
In the 2006-2007 season, Blair's Aggies again scored over 20 wins and reached the NCAA Tournament, this time as the fourth seed, and advanced to the second round of the tournament. This marked the first time in Aggie history that the women's basketball team had earned consecutive NCAA tournament berths.
On February 20, 2008, Blair posted his 500th career win as a head coach at Reed Arena against the Iowa State Cyclones.
In the 2007–08 season, Blair led his squad to a school-first NCAA Elite Eight appearance and a 29–8 overall record. The team also won the 2008 Big 12 conference tournament title. In the NCAA tournament, the team lost to eventual national champion Tennessee. After the season, the Texas A&M Board of Regents approved a one-year contract extension through 2012, and a $150,000 salary raise to $800,000 annually.
On March 29, 2011, Gary Blair led the program to its first ever Final Four appearance by defeating top-seeded Baylor 58-46.
On April 3, 2011, the Aggies defeated top-seeded Stanford 63–62 to advance to the national title game. Two days later, the Aggies defeated Notre Dame 76-70 in the championship game to win the tournament for the first time in school history. Blair, 65, also became the oldest women's coach to win a national championship.
Gary Blair was also selected as a 2012 namesake for Texas A&M's extended orientation camp, "Fish Camp".
USA Basketball.
Gary Blair was named the assistant coach of the 1996 R. William Jones Cup Team. The competition was held in Taipei,Taiwan. The USA team was dominant, winning their games by an average off 33 points per game. The USA team won their opening seven games, behind the scoring leadership of Sheri Sam, who averaged 13 points per game. In the eighth game, they played undefeated Slovakia, in a game that would determine the gold medal. The USA fell behind; Slovakia had a 22–15 lead. The USA came back, but was still behind at halftime. The game was tied at 45 all, when the USA hit several free throws to take a lead they would not give up. The USA team won the game and the championship 72–62. In the final game, the USA beat South Korea to finish the competition with a perfect 9–3 record.
Coaching honors.
Blair has received the following honors over his coaching career:
Hall of Fame.
Blair was inducted in the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame in June 2013. Joe McKeown, the head women's basketball coach at Northwestern delivered the introduction speech by videotape. His credentials include 28 years of head coaching experience at Stephen F. Austin, Arkansas and Texas A&M with a 71% lifetime winning percentage, along with the 2011 Division I National Championship.
Coaching style.
He stresses offensive rebounding and defense to his teams, and his 2007 Texas A&M team ranked among the nation's best in scoring defense, blocked shots, and steals.
Much of his recruiting is done in-state, and Blair says that he recruits students for their offensive showing and then teaches them to play defense later.
Family and personal.
Blair is married to Dr. Nan Smith-Blair, an associate professor and the director of the University of Arkansas' Eleanor Mann School of Nursing. As the couple live in two different cities, they take turns visiting each other. The two met when Blair was coaching at South Oak Cliff High School. The couple has two children named Paige and Matt, as well as a grandson named Logan.
Blair is also actively involved with the community. He has been a member of Rotary International for more than 20 years. He has also held his "Celebrity Golf Classic" to benefit Special Olympics for over 15 years; recently, the program has raised over $100,000 annually.

</doc>
<doc id="9826118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826118" title="Jenny Whiteley">
Jenny Whiteley

Jenny Whiteley is a two-time Juno Award winning Canadian country and folk singer-songwriter.
The sister of Dan Whiteley, daughter of blues musician Chris Whiteley and niece of folk musician Ken Whiteley, she began her musical career recording with Canadian children's musician Raffi along with her brother Dan. She came back in the 1990s with the bluegrass band Heartbreak Hill. Just prior to that band's breakup, she released her self-titled debut album in 2001, and followed up with "Hopetown" in 2004. Both albums won the Juno Award for Best Roots & Traditional Album of the Year. She has released two more albums since: Dear, and Forgive or Forget, both to very good reviews, and much acclaim. Her last three records have been produced by Steve Dawson, and released through Black Hen Music. She has also collaborated with Sarah Harmer, Amy Millan, Carolyn Mark, and Riley Baugus. Jenny moved from Toronto to a country home near Elphin, Ontario in eastern Ontario with her musician husband, Joey Wright, in 2002. She and Joey have two daughters named Lila (b. April 16, 2003) and Audrey (born c. 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9826119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826119" title="2006 QH181">
2006 QH181

, also written as 2006 QH181, is a trans-Neptunian object. It is very likely a dwarf planet, and is part of the scattered disc. It may be a detached object since a perihelion of 37.6 AU may place it outside of the direct influence of Neptune, or it could have a 3:10 resonance with Neptune. It currently has a too poorly determined orbit (U=6) to know if there is a resonance with Neptune.
Distance.
It came to perihelion around 1858. It is currently 82.9 AU from the Sun. The only dwarf planets and likely dwarf planets currently farther from the Sun are Eris (96.4 AU), (87.0 AU), Sedna (86.3 AU), and (83.1 AU). Because it is so far from the Sun, it only has an apparent magnitude of 23.6.
Orbit.
It has been observed 15 times over only three oppositions and thus currently has a somewhat poorly known orbit. JPL ranks "orbital quality" from 0 to 9 (0 being best), and is currently listed with an orbit quality of 6.

</doc>
<doc id="9826132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826132" title="Dubai Pharmacy College">
Dubai Pharmacy College

The Dubai Pharmacy College is the first pharmacy institution in the United Arab Emirates, established in 1992 by Dubai philanthropist Haji Saeed Bin Ahmed Al Lootah. In 2005, it won the Dubai Quality Appreciation Programme award for education presented by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="9826141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826141" title="Monty Hoyt">
Monty Hoyt

Monty Hoyt (September 13, 1944 in Baltimore, Maryland – October 9, 1997 in Phoenix, Arizona) was an American figure skater. He was the 1962 U.S. national champion, the 1961 Junior national champion, and the 1959 Novice national champion. He represented the United States at the 1964 Winter Olympics, where he placed 10th.
After winning the U.S. junior title in 1961, Hoyt had tickets to be on Sabena Flight 548 to attend the World Figure Skating Championships. He cancelled at the last moment, and so was not on the flight when the plane crashed, killing everyone aboard. 
Hoyt graduated from the University of Denver and was a Marshall scholar at Oxford. Later in life, Hoyt was a member of the Presidential Commission on Olympic Sports. He died of melanoma at age 53.

</doc>
<doc id="9826144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826144" title="Auditorial">
Auditorial

An auditorial is an audio editorial used by journalists to satirize a phrase, speech or statement through an audio recording of the phrase, speech of statement.
A common practice is to take a short phrase from a speech and loop it repeatedly over background music, usually generic electronic music. Humor and satire are the main devices of an auditorial, often encouraging the general public to laugh at and criticize the figure in question.
History.
The term auditorial was coined in 2007 by Nate Miller, 2006-2007 editor in chief of The State Hornet, the student newspaper of Sacramento State.
The State Hornet was the first news organization to use an auditorial as an official journalistic opinion piece. The auditorial criticized Athletics Director Terry Wanless after he downplayed a possible incident of hazing, speculating that pictures of freshmen soccer players depicting chiefing might be showing "a masquerade party." [http://media.www.statehornet.com/media/storage/paper1146/news/2007/02/19/Opinion/Prepare.Your.Magic.Markers.For.The.Masquerade.Party-2729414.shtml] Cheifing, also sometimes known as marking, is a common form of hazing in which "Victims are made to wear visible symbols, drawings or text (obscenities, instructions for abuse) on (under)clothing or on bare skin." Hazing The auditorial received mixed responses, with some commenting that it detracted from the legitimacy of The State Hornet.
The article upon which the auditorial was based has since been recognized by a variety of media organizations, including second place Breaking News Story by the California College Media Association in 2008.The Feb. 14 issue of The State Hornet, which printed the first story covering the controversy, won Best of Show honorable mention at the 2007 ACP National College Newspaper Convention.[http://www.studentpress.org/acp/winners/m07bs.html The Feb. 14, Feb. 21 and Feb. 28 issues of The State Hornet were recognized in 2007 as one of the top six newspapers in the General Excellence 4-Year University Division by the CNPA.
Importance.
Auditorials represent a new medium for news organizations to express their opinions. Previously limited to what could be printed on the editorial page of a newspaper (such as editorials, columns, letters to the editor and editorial cartoons) Editorial or what could be said over the radio or television, journalists now have an entirely new medium—one which uses short clips from audio recordings of prominent public figures—to express their opinion.
Similar Works.
The concept of auditorials, some might argue, was made popular by spoofs on Howard Dean's infamous "I have a scream" speech [http://www.usatoday.com/news/politicselections/nation/2004-01-22-dean-usat_x.htm] during the 2004 United States Presidential campaign. These remixes, however, cannot be considered true auditorials, as they were not created as an official piece of work by a credible newspaper or other journalistic outlet. They did, however, help popularize the general concept and idea of satirical repetition of an outlandish phrase or speech.
Numerous "remixes" of George W. Bush exist, including a highly-popular YouTube video compiling hundreds of Bush's speeches into a rendition of U2's "Sunday, Bloody Sunday." [http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6805063692754011230] although no official journalistic auditorials have been produced by newspapers or journalists.
References.
<!-- Improper citation; removed: * 4. 

</doc>
<doc id="9826192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826192" title="KRNA">
KRNA

KRNA is a radio station licensed to Iowa City, Iowa, with studios in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. The transmitter for the station is located west of Oxford, Iowa. The station currently has an active rock format. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
History.
In 1971, a group of University of Iowa students formed a company known as Communicators Inc. of Iowa that aimed "to put together a radio station with a major market sound in what was basically a small-to-medium market." At the time, FM radio stations in Iowa were primarily used for beautiful music formats or repeater signals for co-owned AM stations while popular music was played on AM stations. By 1974, Communicators Inc. of Iowa had been renamed KRNA, Inc., and the company was granted FCC approval to begin broadcasting. KRNA began broadcasting at 93.5 FM on October 4, 1974. (KRNA later moved to 93.9 FM in 1979 before moving to its present 94.1 FM in 1991.) By January 1975, Arbitron telephone surveys showed that nearly half of local radio listeners were turned into KRNA. As part of its "major market sound", KRNA pre-recorded its commercial announcements during a time when most commercials were read live on the air, and it also broadcast 24 hours a day while other radio stations signed off during the overnight hours for equipment maintenance.
In 1994, KRNA purchased the former KQCR radio (102.9 FM) in Cedar Rapids to create the area's first radio duopoly. After reformatting KQCR as country music station KXMX, owners Rob Norton and Eliot Keller agreed to sell KRNA and KXMX to Capstar Broadcasting in 1998. While the KRNA sale was successful, Capstar terminated the agreement to buy KXMX. (Norton and Keller kept KXMX, renaming it KZIA and changing the station's format to contemporary hits.) AMFM, Inc., acquired Capstar in 1999, and Clear Channel Communications acquired AMFM in 2000; however, KRNA was sold to Cumulus Media that year since Clear Channel already owned a group of stations in eastern Iowa. Today, KRNA broadcasts from the APAC building in downtown Cedar Rapids with Cumulus-owned stations KHAK, KDAT, and KRQN.
In 2004 KRNA's format shifted from classic rock to active rock, adopting the nickname "Real Rock 94.1". That year, former KFMW morning DJ's Lou Waters and Scott Steele became the station's morning-drive disc jockeys. Lou and Scott were replaced by Davenport-based DJ's Greg Dwyer and Bill Michaels in January 2007. Dwyer and Michaels joined KRNA as the result of a non-compete clause that prevented them from working at any station in the Quad Cities market for six months after their contract with Clear Channel Communications expired at the end of 2006. Dwyer and Michaels, who had previously worked with WXLP and KCQQ radio in the Quad Cities, rejoined Cumulus-owned WXLP on July 13, 2007, but continued to simulcast their show on KRNA until late 2008. Clear Channel sued Dwyer and Michaels in February 2007, claiming that KRNA was audible in the Quad Cities area and the duo was actively promoting the show in the Quad Cities. On March 1, 2007, a Scott County judge ruled that Dwyer and Michaels did not violate the clause since Arbitron did not consider the Quad Cities part of KRNA's market area.
For many years, KRNA was known for distributing free posters of the Iowa Hawkeyes men's basketball team at live remote broadcasts. This tradition began in the late 1970s, and while the posters are now sold by the University of Iowa athletic department, they continue to be printed under the sponsorship of KZIA.
On August 30, 2013, a deal was announced in which Townsquare Media would acquire 53 Cumulus stations, including KRNA, for $238 million. The deal is part of Cumulus' acquisition of Dial Global; Townsquare and Dial Global are both controlled by Oaktree Capital Management. The sale to Townsquare was completed on November 14, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9826201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826201" title="G. C. Brewer">
G. C. Brewer

Grover Cleveland Brewer (1884–1956) was among the most famous 20th-century leaders in the Churches of Christ. He was said to be "among the giants of the brotherhood" (Woods 246). "G. C." Brewer was named for U.S. President Grover Cleveland, "G. C." Brewer is generally known by his initials. G. C. Brewer was born in Giles County, Tennessee; he died in Searcy, Arkansas, on June 9, 1956. He was an author, preacher, and teacher, serving on the faculty of Lipscomb University (then known as David Lipscomb University). His persuasive rhetoric and passionate oratory have been noted along with his uncanny ability to define mainstream Church of Christ doctrine in the mid-20th Century. (His brother, Dr. Charles R. Brewer, was also a notable preacher and a teacher at David Lipscomb University, where to this day a bell tower stands in his honor.) G. C. Brewer was no stranger to controversy, challenging Catholicism and Communism directly and debating frequently; yet he also demonstrated a willingness to change his views, especially those regarding the doctrine of grace.
Grace.
According to Leonard Allen (163-64), John Mark Hicks [http://johnmarkhicks.faithsite.com/content.asp?CID=8023], and Richard Hughes (186-87), Brewer's championing of K. C. Moser's book The Way of Salvation (1932) signaled a paradigm shift in the way that people in the Churches of Christ were thinking about grace. Brewer wrote that "Our salvation does not depend upon our perfect adherence to the requirements of law. . . . By making our salvation dependent upon our own perfection, we make void the grace of God" (qtd. in Allen 164). Especially in the 1930s, Foy E. Wallace and Brewer engaged in a longstanding feud over this and other controversial issues, "contending for the faith" at the Abilene Christian College Bible Lectures and in the pages of the Gospel Advocate and other periodicals. Wallace took Moser's book for "denominational error on the gospel plan of salvation" (qtd. in Hicks) whereas Brewer sought to de-emphasize legalism and human works and to promote a theory of God-given "unmerited favor" (Hughes 186).
Non-Institutional Churches.
One facet of their disagreement, more financial than theological, eventually lead to a schism. Wallace and Brewer debated about the propriety of churches funding colleges. Non-institutional Churches of Christ remember Brewer mainly for his unwavering call for congregational support of colleges associated with the Churches of Christ, a position that non-institutional churches reject. (See The churches of Christ (non-institutional) for more about the debate over this issue.) Historian Richard Hughes has characterized Wallace's "fighting style" (176-77, 182-85) in a way that could well describe Brewer's rhetorical aggression.
Politics and Pacifism.
Despite Brewer's clearly stated patriotism, he was also a product of the teachings of James A. Harding and David Lipscomb. At their Nashville Bible School (Lipscomb University), where Brewer enrolled in 1904 after a year at Johnson Bible College, Brewer learned to downplay politics, a lesson he held dear his entire life. Hughes has noted "that shortly before his [Brewer's] death in 1956 he recalled, 'I have never even voted in my life'" (186). Lipscomb had been a lifelong pacifist, even during the Civil War, yet Brewer believed that the threat of Communism was simply too great to ignore. Brewer therefore balanced his disengagement from the ways of the world with his active concerns for the Christian identity of American politics. This balance characterized many of the Churches of Christ in the mid-20th Century. (For the trajectory of Brewer's thoughts, from pacifism during World War I to anti-communism and American nationalism in the 1930s, see the book The churches of Christ by Richard Thomas Hughes, especially pages 123-125.)
Articles and miscellaneous publications.
“Can Churches Scripturally Contribute to Christian Colleges?” Harding University Lectures. Vol. 24. 1947. pg. 109.
"Christ Today: Our Mediator and High Priest." (speech given in February 1938 and reprinted on pages 199-209 of the volume Abilene Christian College Lectures printed by Abilene Christian College Bookstore later in 1938)
“Communism and Its Four Horsemen.” Voice of Freedom. Vol. 22, pg. 10. (See also “Communism and Its Four Horsemen: Atheism, Immorality, Class Hatred, Pacifism." Nashville: Gospel Advocate. n.d.)
“Grace and Law: Legalism and Liberalism” (a series of articles that originally ran in the Gospel Advocate in 1955.) Firm Foundation reprinted some of these articles ([http://www.bible-infonet.org/ff/articles/index.htm]) in 1992-93.
"Read this Book," Gospel Advocate 75 (11 May 1933): 434. (Brewer's book review of K. C. Moser's The Way of Salvation [http://www.mun.ca/rels/restmov/texts/moser/review.html].)
“Relationship of Christian Education to the Church.” Harding University Lectures. Vol. 24. 1947. pg. 95.

</doc>
<doc id="9826205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826205" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Granada">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Granada

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Granada (erected 2 December 1913) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua.

</doc>
<doc id="9826229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826229" title="The Kurrent">
The Kurrent

The Kurrent is a neighborhood electric vehicle.
Electric motor.
Its power comes from 4.1 kW electrical motor and powered by four 12 volt lead–gel sealed batteries (total 48 volts). It also has a battery to power optional equipment.
Sadly, this company went out of business.
Concept and range.
The Kurrent was designed in Italy and is built in Michigan, USA. According to the manufacturer, a fully charged Kurrent can travel up to 40 miles before needing a recharge. A Kurrent is not a hybrid vehicle, so it needs to be plugged into a 120 volt outlet; when its batteries are fully drained, a complete recharge takes 8 hours.
This company ceased operating in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9826236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826236" title="Phi Eta Kappa">
Phi Eta Kappa

Phi Eta Kappa (ΦΗΚ) is a fraternity at the University of Maine. Founded in 1906, Phi Eta Kappa has remained unaffiliated with any national organizations, choosing instead to preserve their local tradition. Since 1910 the "Green Wave," as it is known, have been located in a fraternity house on College Avenue in Orono, Maine. There are currently over 1,000 living alumni of Phi Eta Kappa.
History.
Phi Eta Kappa was founded as a for-profit organization owned by its members who bought stock in the fraternity. Sale of shares ceased circa 1942, and by 2001 the organization no longer knew who its shareholders were. Since the 1940s, funds for operations have come from rent charged to members, a mortgage on the fraternity house, and alumni donations. In the 1980s, the fraternity encountered financial difficulties that were attributed to members who had not paid their bills. 
The fraternity house was closed temporarily in 1988 due to its deteriorating physical condition and concerns about poor behavior by its members. Later that year it was rented to house the Pi Beta Phi sorority. Subsequently, however, it was reopened for Phi Eta Kappa. 
In 2001 the fraternity asked the Maine State Legislature to enact legislation to convert the fraternity to nonprofit status so it would no longer be required to pay the same taxes as a commercial business.
Athletics.
Phi Eta Kappa emphasizes athletics. The fraternity has won the BC Kent Award multiple times. The BC Kent Award is given annually to the fraternity which has the highest combined point total for all intramural events. Phi Eta Kappa won the award nine consecutive years, from 1994-2002. Phi Eta Kappa alumni in professional sports include Mike Buck, who played four seasons as a quarterback in the NFL and holds most passing records at Maine, and Greg Panora, professional powerlifter, who holds the world record for combined bench, squat and deadlift (2481 lbs) for the 242 lb. weight class.
Notable alumni.
Notable Alumni include former Maine governor John H. Reed, the late Univ. of Maine president Winthrop Libby, successful businessmen and philanthropists Larry and Keith Mahaney, businessman Eldon Morrison, Maine Superior Court Justice E. Allen Hunter, Air Force test pilot Robert A. Rushworth, UMaine head football coach Jack Cosgrove, Clemson University head baseball coach Jack Leggett, and Dartmouth College head baseball coach Bob Whalen.

</doc>
<doc id="9826271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826271" title="John Lettengarver">
John Lettengarver

John Lettengarver (April 29, 1929 – January 14, 1997 in Edmonds, Washington) was an American figure skater who competed in men's singles. He won the silver medal at the 1947 United States Figure Skating Championships and finished fourth at the 1948 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9826283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826283" title="Paraburdoo Airport">
Paraburdoo Airport

Paraburdoo Airport is an airport serving Paraburdoo, a town in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The airport is located northeast of Paraburdoo. It also serves the town of Tom Price, with bus services completing the extra to Tom Price.
The airport is owned by Rio Tinto Group and operated by Pilbara Iron. Paraburdoo's primary air traffic is made up by a mixture of Qantas and Virgin Australia flights, as well as general aviation light aircraft. Qantas operates 32 direct flights weekly to and from Perth. Virgin Australia operate two Perth direct flights per week, with two closed charter flights weekly to Carnarvon and Geraldton.
Incidents.
On 17 June 2007 a twin-engine charter aircraft had a fault with its landing gear and was forced to circle for over two hours before making an emergency landing on Paraburdoo's runway. The incident required a cleanup of the runway as well as cranes to remove the aircraft. A QantasLink Boeing 717 from Perth to Paraburdoo was forced to divert to Newman Airport.
Statistics.
Paraburdoo Airport was ranked 34th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9826296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826296" title="Taranaki Open">
Taranaki Open

The Taranaki Open is an annual 72 hole golf tournament staged on the New Plymouth Golf Club's Ngamotu Links in New Zealand. Since 2004 it has been sponsored by Olex and been the flagship event of the Golf Tour of New Zealand (GTNZ) founded by former touring professional Greg Turner.
The field brings together amateur golfers (both men & elite women) along with professional golfers competing together for overall honours though amongst each group for prizes.
Prior to 2004 the tournament was run over two days, with 36 holes on each day.
Winners of the Olex Taranaki Open.
(A) denotes amateur

</doc>
<doc id="9826306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826306" title="KTGV">
KTGV

KTGV (106.3 FM, "106.3 The Groove") is a commercial radio station located in Oracle, Arizona, broadcasting to the Tucson, Arizona, area. KTGV airs a rhythmic oldies music format which it launched in 1999 and uses the slogan "Tucson's Old School and R&B". The slogan was added to the station's imaging in July 2007.
History.
KTGV goes back to the mid-1980s when KTTZ went on the air at 103.1, displacing K276AL which was a translator for KUAT-FM, that moved to 89.5 before the station went on the air. Once on the air it took an eclectic view of rock music, which lasted until August 31, 1987. The next day KHYT moved from 1330 to 103.1 and switched to a classic rock format. That didn't last and in May 1988 they adopted the calls KAWV and the imaging for Los Angeles' KTWV including the slogan 'The Wave'.
Soon that was gone and it went through several other formats and calls. Eventually a frequency swap involving moving the 103.1 frequency to Florence Arizona placed them on the current 106.3 frequency and they got a power increase as well.
As to the 101.7 translator, that was either eliminated or displaced when KCMT first went on the air at 101.9. KGMG got the 104.9 translator sometime around or after that time.
The current format is an outgrowth of the previous format, urban AC, and they took a more classic soul/AC approach following the change of format from rhythmic oldies to 'La Preciosa' at what is now 97.1 KTZR.
On March 17, 2011 translator K285DL 104.9 FM stopped simulcasting KGMG and began simulcasting sports-formatted KFFN 1490 AM Tucson, AZ.
On October 5, 2011, KGMG's PD and airstaff were terminated from their jobs. It is expected that the station will flip to a Rhythmic AC format
On October 16, 2011 KGMG changed their call letters to KTGV. On October 24, 2011 KTGV rebranded as "106.3 The Groove".

</doc>
<doc id="9826357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826357" title="Scott v. Bradford">
Scott v. Bradford

Scott v. Bradford, 606 P.2d 554 (1979) is a Supreme Court of Oklahoma case.
Facts.
Mrs. Scott, the plaintiff, sought treatment from Dr. Bradford. She was diagnosed with several fibroid tumors on her uterus. She signed a routine consent to surgery form prior to the hysterectomy. Afterward she was experiencing problems with incontinence, and she visited another doctor. She was found to have a fistula between her bladder and vagina which allowed urine to leak from her bladder into her vagina. She underwent three additional surgeries to correct her problem. She claimed the fistula was caused by the doctor's negligence during surgery. The doctor responded that this was a known complication of the surgery. Mrs. Scott said she was never informed of this risk.
Reasoning.
The duty to disclose is the first element. Then proof that patient would have chosen no treatment or a different course of treatment had the alternatives and risks been made known, thus establishing a causation. If the patient would have elected to proceed the element of causation is missing, and so too negligence. A causal connection between the patient’s injury and the doctor’s breach of a duty to disclose exists only when the disclosure of material risks would have resulted in a decision against it. The final element is that of an injury. The risk must have actually materialized, AND pl must have been injured as a result of submitting to the treatment.
Notes.
Exception to the Duty to disclose: There is no need to disclose risks that either ought to be known by everyone or are already known to the patient; or if the disclosure would alarm an emotionally upset patient; or where there is an emergency and the patient is in no condition to determine for himself whether the treatment should be administered.

</doc>
<doc id="9826383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826383" title="Parkes Airport">
Parkes Airport

Parkes Airport is an airport located northeast of Parkes, New South Wales, Australia. Approximately 32,000 passengers used scheduled service at the airport in 2011. The Parkes Shire Council currently maintains the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9826447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826447" title="Journal of Media Economics">
Journal of Media Economics

The Journal of Media Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of media economics published by Routledge. Since September 2011 its editors-in-chief have been Nodir Adilov (Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis) and Hugh Martin (Ohio University). The journal was established in 1988 with Robert G. Picard as founding editor. Alan B. Albarran became its second editor. He was succeeded by Stephen Lacy, Steven S. Wildman (Michigan State University), Ben Compaine (Fordham University), and Brendan Cunningham (U.S. Naval Academy). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.240.
The biannual "Journal of Media Economics" Award of Honor recognizes scholars whose work has played important roles in developing the field of media economics studies and its literature.

</doc>
<doc id="9826544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826544" title="Fälensee">
Fälensee

Fälensee (or Fählensee) is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden, Switzerland. At an elevation of 1446 m, the surface area is 0.12 km². It is located in a narrow valley between Hundsteingrat and Roslen-Saxer First.

</doc>
<doc id="9826547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826547" title="The Speeches at Prince Henry's Barriers">
The Speeches at Prince Henry's Barriers

"The Speeches at Prince Henry's Barriers, sometimes called The Lady of the Lake," is a masque or entertainment written by Ben Jonson in honour of Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales, the son and heir of King James I of England. The speeches were performed on 6 January 1610 in conjunction with the ceremony known as Prince Henry's Barriers.
Barriers.
"Barriers" was a stylized martial combat, conducted on foot with swords and pikes; it was something like a joust without horses. Though ceremonial in nature, the practice had some inherent risk (as jousting did), and the sixteen-year-old Prince Henry had to persuade his reluctant father to allow his participation. The ceremonial challenge that initiated the barriers occurred on 31 December 1609; Prince Henry then kept an "open table" at St. James's Palace, which cost £100 per day. The Prince was supported by a team of six nobles and gentlemen: Ludovic Stewart, 2nd Duke of Lennox; Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel; Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton; James Hay, 1st Earl of Carlisle; Sir Robert Gordon, and Sir Thomas Somerset. The seven met fifty-eight challengers during the Barriers; "each bout consisted of two pushes with the pike and twelve sword-strokes, and the young prince gave or received that night thirty-two pushes and about 360 strokes."
Show.
Barriers ceremonies were often lushly decorated and costumed. As with Jonson's other masques for the Court, the sets and costumes for Prince Henry's Barriers were designed by Inigo Jones. Jonson's text for the speeches that preceded the combat involve figures of Arthurian legend. The Lady of the Lake inaugurates the work, at the site of the tomb of Merlin the Magician. Arthur participates in the form of a star above the scene. (Arthur represented James, who never took part directly in masques and entertainments.) Merlin rises from his tomb; he and the Lady condemn the contemporary decay of chivalry, but predict its restoration under the new reign of the House of Stuart. (Jones's two sets supported this theme; one was a ruined House of Chivalry, and the other, St. George's Portico.) The Lady and Merlin call forth "Meliadus, lord of the isles," (Henry). Merlin summarizes British history; then a personified spirit of Chivalry emerges, after which the barriers combat took place.
Jonson had to tread lightly between the King's well-known pacifism and the Prince's more martial frame of mind. He had the Lady of the Lake present the Prince with a shield, rather than the more usual and typical sword, like the shield given by Thetis to Achilles in the "Iliad". Merlin warns the young Prince to beware of militaristic urges. The name "Meliadus," or "Moeliades," applied to Henry in Jonson's text, is an anagram for "Miles a Deo," "soldier of God." The Arthurian theme was the Prince's idea rather than Jonson's, who in fact disparaged Arthurian romance, and preferred James's suspicion of militarism to Henry's enthusiasm.
Jonson's text was first published in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616, and was thereafter included in editions of his works.

</doc>
<doc id="9826601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826601" title="Italo Campanini">
Italo Campanini

Italo Campanini (June 30, 1845 – November 14, 1896) was a leading Italian operatic tenor, whose career reached its height in London in the 1870s and in New York in the 1880s and 1890s. He had a repertoire of 80 operas and was the brother of the orchestral conductor Cleofonte Campanini.
Early days.
Born in Parma, Campanini studied at the Parma Conservatory before making his operatic debut as Manrico in "Il trovatore", in 1869, in Odessa. Further study with Francesco Lamperti in Milan followed, and in 1871 he returned to the stage in Bologna, scoring his first major success in the Italian premiere of "Lohengrin".
London beginnings.
Early in his 1872 Drury Lane season J. H. Mapleson, the London opera impresario, recruited Campanini from Rome, where he was in competition with the agents of Frederick Gye, the Covent Garden theatre impresario. On May 4, 1872 the tenor made his London debut as Gennaro in "Lucrezia Borgia", with Thérèse Tietjens in the title role, Zelia Trebelli as Orsini and Agnesi as Duke Alfonso, under the baton of Michael Costa. He was an immediate success, being hailed by some as the tenor successor to Mario or Antonio Giuglini on what the critic Herman Klein (who attended) called a night of triumphs. It was at Drury Lane that he first sang with lyric soprano Christine Nilsson, to whom he became a celebrated stage partner. An agent from London attempted to lure him away at a rate of a thousand pounds sterling a month. He remained with Mapleson (at one-fifth of that sum) but became difficult to manage. However, he was to remain a stalwart and mainstay of Mapleson's company for the next ten years. In autumn 1872, he visited Dublin with the company (which included Maria Marimon, Ilma de Murska, Sofia Scalchi and Signor Foli Foley), and toured the main cities of England and Scotland. During the spring of 1873, they undertook a back-up tour of British provincial towns.
First American tour.
Campanini made his first American appearances at the Academy of Music, New York, in 1873. Here, in addition to Christine Nilsson and Giuseppe Del Puente (baritone) (regular Mapleson company singers), he was with Annie Louise Cary (with whom he often afterwards sang) in performances of "Les Huguenots". On 26 November 1873 he was Rhadames in Max Strakosch's production of "Aida", with Mlle Torriani (Aida), Cary (Amneris) and Victor Maurel (Amonasro), according to Gustav Kobbé (who saw it) a performance of unsurpassed brilliancy. He was still in New York on 23 March 1874 when he, Nilsson, Cary and Del Puente participated in the Italian-language production of "Lohengrin" at the Academy.
London again.
During his London career, Campanini became especially well known in the roles of Manrico ("Il trovatore"), Fernando ("I puritani"), and Edgardo ("Lucia di Lammermoor"). At his return for the 1874 season in London, in June he joined a Drury Lane cast in Michael Balfe's posthumous opera "Il Talismano" (Italian production) with Tietjens and Nilsson, and with the young Giovanni De Reschi in a baritone role (who later became the famous tenor Jean de Reszke). "Les Huguenots" and "La favorita" were among other productions of the season. In the 1875 season came the first London "Lohengrin" (with Emma Albani and Ernesto Nicolini at Covent Garden), soon followed by Mapleson's production at Her Majesty's Theatre in which Campanini, Tietjens, Nilsson and Antonio Galassi (baritone) led a starry cast under the direction of Michael Costa.
The 1878 season was distinguished by the first London production of Bizet's opera "Carmen", on June 22. Mapleson had seen it the previous winter at the Brussels Monnaie and decided to transfer it to Her Majesty's. He obtained the American soprano Minnie Hauk for Carmen, who had become famous in the role in Paris; Alwina Valleria portrayed Micaëla, and Del Puente Escamillo, to Campanini's Don José— under Michael Costa's baton. Despite the misgivings of the artists in rehearsal, it was an extremely effective cast among which Campanini himself was conspicuous for his singing and acting, reputedly with superb dramatic power, and it was greeted with a triumphant reception. Klein and the famous singing teacher Manuel Garcia were in the audience.
English summers, American winters.
In the winter of 1878-79 Mapleson undertook a major opera tour of the United States, in which Campanini was his principal tenor. The company also included such well known singers as Etelka Gerster, Minnie Hauk, Trebelli, Valleria, Galassi and Del Puente. Luigi Arditi was the conductor. It visited Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, St Louis, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cincinnati and New York. Campanini sang opposite Gerster in "Il talismano" and "La traviata", and with Marie Roze in "La favorita", and a very wide range of operas was presented including "Faust", "Il flauto magico", "Le nozze di Figaro", "Don Giovanni", "Il barbiere di Siviglia", "Ruy Blas", "Robert le Diable" and "Der Freischütz", in addition to much of the repertoire already mentioned. The series culminated with a benefit concert in New York for flood victims at Szegedin in Hungary (Gerster's birthplace).
Some surprises were, however, held in store for New York in the following year. The London 1879 season had added Minnie Hauk, and Clara Louise Kellogg to the female company (still led by Nilsson, Trebelli and Gerster), and Campanini was supported by the tenors Giuseppe Fancelli, Frapolli and Brignoli. Fancelli was infuriated by Campanini assuming the title 'Primo Tenore Assoluto'. The October 1879 tour season, in which Maria Marimon was among the party, visited New York, and went on to Philadelphia, Chicago, St Louis, Detroit, Cleveland and elsewhere. Campanini conquered New York. On 23 October at the Academy they gave the American premiere of Carmen, with Minnie Hauk, Clarice Sinico (Micaela), Ernesto del Puente, and Campanini in his now famous role of Don José. On December 3 he appeared as Elvino in "La sonnambula", with Marimon, del Puente and Mme Lablache, and on December 12 was Corentino in Meyerbeer's "Dinorah", again with Marimon. Later in the season, when Mdlle Marimon was unable to complete a performance of "Dinorah" at Philadelphia, Campanini (in the audience) and Annie Louise Cary stepped in to sing the last acts of "Il trovatore" instead, and Campanini's rendition of "Di quella pira" brought the house down and saved the box-office.
The London Her Majesty's season of 1880, with Nilsson and Gerster, saw presentations of "Faust", "La sonnambula", "Carmen" and "Aida" under Michael Costa, and also a "Lohengrin" conducted for Mapleson by Hans Richter. But the major new event of the season, in July, was Boito's "Mefistofele", with Nilsson, Trebelli and Nannetti, and with Campanini as Faust. Costa conducted it 'in his old, resolute and vigilant manner', and the production 'lent a special distinction to the season.' This then went on tour to New York (under Arditi, as usual), where Campanini led the cast for the American premiere at the Academy of Music with Annie Louise Cary, Alwina Valleria and Franco Novara. The same venue saw Mapleson's production of a revised form of "Les vêpres siciliennes" headed by Campanini and Cary with del Puente and Galassi in support. Campanini performed, too, in "La favorita". 
Mapleson had by now recruited Luigi Ravelli to relieve the burden on Campanini, who had become his only principal tenor. During the tour, which this time also took in Pittsburgh and Indianapolis, Mapleson inaugurated 'Sunday evening concerts', the first half of which was usually a performance of Rossini's "Stabat Mater" given by Valleria, Cary, Campanini, Galassi and Novara. 
The London season of 1881 resumed the run of "Mefistofele", and the October tour in New York saw Camapanini perform in "Lohengrin" (with Minnie Hauk, Anna de Belocci, Galessi and Novara) and in "Carmen" (Hauk, Valleria and del Puente, the original line-up.) In February 1882, the company was at the second great Cincinnati Opera Festival, where Campanini appeared again as Don José (opposite Hauk, del Puente and Louise Dotti). The company also staged "Les Huguenots", "Faust", "Fidelio", "Magic Flute", "William Tell" and "Lohengrin". Meanwhile, the company also rehearsed, and then presented, Meyerbeer's "L'Africaine", in which Campanini played Vasco da Gama opposite Hauk and Galassi; and in the spring 1882 "Ernani", "Don Giovanni" and "Les Huguenots" were produced at the New York Academy of Music.
Collapse of Mapleson's company.
On his return to England, Campanini found that the 1882 season was being disrupted by negotiations over the "Royal Italian Opera Company, Covent Garden, Ltd"—formed to seek the lease of the new Metropolitan Opera House, New York, which was then being built. Campanini was among the large team taken to New York that October by Mapleson, with Commander Herbert Gye as his treasurer, on its behalf. If the plan worked, the Academy (to which Mapleson was still tied by contract) would be closed and a monopoly achieved, in which he would have a share. Despite immense difficulties a successful tour was achieved, but in the process all Mapleson's resources were carved up between the American impresario, Henry Eugene Abbey, who actually obtained the lease, and the Royal Opera Company, which repudiated all its agreements with Mapleson, leaving him with a heavy liability. The best singers of his company, including Nilsson, Marcella Sembrich, Scalchi, Trebelli and Campanini, and all his orchestral and choral resources, were recruited by Abbey.
Campanini took the occasion to spend a season in Italy, where his younger brother Cleofonte Campanini was launching a significant career as an operatic conductor. In 1883, at Parma, Campanini sang in a series of performances conducted by his brother, so helping to establish him as conductor of the first rank. When he returned to America in the autumn it was to the completion of the Metropolitan Opera House, and there he sang in the performance of Faust on the opening night, 22 October 1883, with Christine Nilsson as Marguerite, Sofia Scalchi, Mme Lablache, Franco Novara and Ernesto del Puente. On December 5, 1883 he sang the other Faust (Boïto's) in "Mefistofele", with Christine Nilsson, Zelia Trebelli and Mdlle Mirabella filling out the cast.
American career, vocal characteristics and tenor rivals.
After 1883, Campanini lived primarily in New York City, serving as the Metropolitan's leading tenor. He developed increasingly a second career as a manager of opera (as, in later times, did the tenors Giovanni Zenatello and Edward Johnson). On April 16, 1888, a company under Campanini's management presented the American premiere of Verdi's "Otello" at the New York Academy of Music, with Francesco Marconi, Eva Tetrazzini, Antonio Galassi and Sofia Scalchi: later in the run, Campanini himself took over from Francesco Marconi in the role of Otello. Campanini's brother Cleofonte was brought in to conduct, and he married the Eva Tetrazzini, the famed Luisa's older sister. Campanini remained a member of the Metropolitan company from 1891 to 1894.
Campanini died at the Villa Vigatto, near Parma, in 1896.
He was among the most popular, hardworking and versatile Italian tenors active in the United States before the advent of the great Enrico Caruso in the early 1900s. 
Apparently, while in the USA, he recorded his voice on a Bettini cylinder which now appears to be lost. During the peak of his career, Campanini's main tenor rivals among his Italian and Italianate contemporaries were Roberto Stagno, Julián Gayarre, Angelo Masini, Francesco Tamagno, Fernando Valero and Francesco Marconi. Of these only Tamagno, Valero and Marconi have left gramophone records of their art. 
We do know, however, from contemporary descriptions that Campanini's voice was robust in tone. It extended up to a strong high C from the chest prior to an irreversible deterioration which began when Campanini was aged only in his forties. It also developed a wide vibrato which reduced its appeal to English-speaking critics. He shared this latter trait (or, in the opinion of British and American opera-goers, technical and stylistic flaw) with a number of other leading Mediterranean tenors of his era, including Gayarre, Stagno, Valero and, from a slightly younger generation, Fernando De Lucia.
External links.
New York Times Biographical Report [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=9F07EFDA1738E23ABC4951DFB4678382669FDE]

</doc>
<doc id="9826612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826612" title="Suzanne Davis (figure skater)">
Suzanne Davis (figure skater)

Suzanne Davis (married name: King; February 7, 1912 – July 28, 1991) was an American figure skater who competed in ladies singles. She was the 1934 U.S. national champion.
She was born in Waban, Massachusetts and died in Richmond, Virginia.
Davis competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics and finished twelfth in the ladies singles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9826669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826669" title="Journal of Media Business Studies">
Journal of Media Business Studies

The Journal of Media Business Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers business aspects of media enterprises. Aspects including media economics, strategic management, marketing, entrepreneurship , and finance . The journal was established in 2004 by founding editor-in-chief Robert G. Picard, and is published at Jönköping International Business School. The editors-in-chief are Mart Ots Jönköping University and Patrik Wikström Queensland University of Technology.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in EBSCO Business Source Complete, CIOS, and Communications Abstracts.

</doc>
<doc id="9826766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826766" title="Acicular ferrite">
Acicular ferrite

Acicular ferrite is a microstructure of ferrite in steel that is characterised by needle-shaped crystallites or grains when viewed in two dimensions. The grains, actually three-dimensional in shape, have a thin lenticular shape. This microstructure is advantageous over other microstructures because of its chaotic ordering, which increases toughness.
Acicular ferrite is formed in the interior of the original austenitic grains by direct nucleation on the inclusions, resulting in randomly oriented short ferrite needles with a 'basket weave' appearance. Acicular ferrite is also characterised by high angle boundaries between the ferrite grains. This further reduces the chance of cleavage, because these boundaries impede crack propagation.
In C-Mn steel weld metals, it is reported that nucleation of various ferrite morphologies is aided by non-metallic inclusion; in particular oxygen-rich inclusions of a certain type and size are associated with the intragranular nucleation of acicular ferrite, as observed, for example, by. Acicular ferrite is a fine Widmanstätten constituent, which is nucleated by an optimum intragranular dispersion of oxide/sulfide/silicate particles. The interlocking nature of acicular ferrite, together with its fine grain size (0.5 to 5 um with aspect ratio from 3:1 to 10:1), provides maximum resistance to crack propagation by cleavage.
Composition control of weld metal is often performed to maximise the volume fraction of acicular ferrite due to the toughness it imparts. During continuous cooling, higher alloy contents or faster cooling generally delay transformation, which will then take place at lower temperatures, below the bainite start temperature, and lead to higher hardness. The efficacy of inclusions as nucleation sites in modern low alloy steel weld metals is such that fine-scale intragranular bainite can nucleate on them, both by continuous cooling and by isothermal transformation below the bainite start temperature. Some confusion has arisen in the literature, as this fine-scale intragranular bainite, which can resemble acicular ferrite in appearance in the optical microscope, has been called acicular ferrite by some researchers. See, for example.

</doc>
<doc id="9826782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826782" title="Landon Trusty">
Landon Trusty

Landon Trusty (born October 9, 1981, in Hot Springs, Arkansas) is an American football tight end, currently a free agent. 
Trusty was most recently on the Injured reserve for 2006 season with the Denver Broncos of the NFL after tearing his anterior cruciate ligament in spring minicamp. The Broncos released him in May 2007.
Landon Trusty attended Lakeside High School in Hot Springs Arkansas. Currently, he still holds the record for most passing yards in a season. Trusty also led Lakeside to their only basketball state championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="9826843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826843" title="Iwa Moto">
Iwa Moto

, popularly known by her screen name , is a Filipino-Japanese actress, model and teen star. She was one of the Final Four in the 3rd season of "StarStruck", a reality-based talent search show of GMA Network in the Philippines and finished as first runner up. She is well known for playing "Rita Acuesta" on "Kung Mahawi Man Ang Ulap" and "Valentina" in "Darna".
Personal life.
Aileen Iwamoto is the eldest of the three siblings. Her father, the late Hiroaki Iwamoto (岩本宏明), was Japanese while her mother is Filipina. Her father was diagnosed with liver cancer and died on March 8, 2009.
Showbiz career.
Moto auditioned for second season of StarStruck but failed to qualify until she has succeeded in audition for the third season in which she ended up as the First Princess along with Gian Carlos as the First Prince. After "StarStruck", Moto appeared on "SOP Gigsters", "Love to Love: Young At Heart" and "Nuts Entertainment".
Moto was suspended for 6 weeks along with Jackie Rice. After the suspension, Moto came back to Nuts Entertainment, joined the cast of "Bakekang", her first primetime show where she played Jenny, the best friend of "Kristal" (played by Lovi Poe) and also on the last season of "Love to Love" which is "Jazz Got Lucky". Moto also portrayed her life story on "Magpakailanman".
In 2007, Moto appeared in "Super Twins", wherein she portrayed the character Moshi Moshi Manika, her first antagonist role. After that, Moto portrayed Rita on "Sine Novelas third installment "Kung Mahawi Man Ang Ulap", wherein she got a favorable response from the viewers of the show. Due to her performance in "Kung Mahawi Man ang Ulap", she was in included in ' as a black amazona, her third antagonist role.
In 2008, Moto became the image model of the FHM Philippine standee, making her the third Filipina to hold that title after Asia Agcaoili and Katrina Halili. In September of the same year, Iwa graced the cover of FHM Philippines for the second time. She was a previous covergirl of FHM Singapore.
Straight after Zaido: Pulis Pangkalawakan, Moto was given a supporting role in Robin Padilla's "Joaquin Bordado", as Diane, but her character was killed off for Moto to focus on "Sine Novela"'s eighth installment "Magdusa Ka" with Katrina Halili and Dennis Trillo. After that, Moto was included on the cast of "Luna Mystika" as Donita Sagrado, the main antagonist of Heart Evangelista's character.
In 2009, Moto appeared in the primetime series "Adik Sa'Yo" as Andrea, but left for "Darna" to play "Valentina", the main antagonist of Darna and her biggest role in a drama so far.
In 2010, Moto began reappearing currently reappearing in "Darna" and also on "Sine Novela: Ina, Kasusuklaman Ba Kita?", in which she portrays the role of Rossan. Here, the dismissal of Iwa Moto in Darna and her character Valentina died in an attack by superheroine Darna. Recently, she appeared in "Love Bug: "Last Romance"" and also as a guest in "Pilyang Kerubin" and in the TV series "Beauty Queen".
In 2011, she participated in "Dwarfina", starring Heart Evangelista and Dennis Trillo. Her last TV project was "Andres de Saya", starring Cesar Montano and Iza Calzado.
In 2012, she appeared on Wil Time Bigtime but left shortly due to her existing contract with GMA Network. Until now, it is unknown whether she'll move to TV5 or stay with GMA-7.
May 12 incident.
On May 12, Moto was involved in a fight with her non-showbiz ex-boyfriend Mickey Ablan. She was in Studio 6 of GMA-7 to shoot her scene on her upcoming show "Andres de Saya". Ablan arrived just before lunch and they had a conversation. Later on, everyone on the set was shocked when Moto shouted that Ablan grabbed her cellphone. Moto tried to catch Ablan but he soon left the area. Moto then saw the car of Ablan and broke its glasses on the back. This caused Moto injuries and she was brought by reporter Nelson Canlas in Delgado Memorial Hospital in Kamuning, Quezon City. Until now, Moto hasn't been interviewed yet by the media. On May 15, she was rushed into a hospital after she was found unconsciously lying on her bed. According to her friend Justin Ferrer, she is now safe.

</doc>
<doc id="9826844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826844" title="J. Lester Madden">
J. Lester Madden

James Lester Madden (December 13, 1909 – September 15, 1984) was an American figure skater who competed in men's singles and pair skating. His pairs partner was his sister, Grace. He and Grace Madden were the 1934 U.S. national pairs champions.
He was born and died in Boston, Massachusetts.
In singles, he placed seventh at the 1932 Winter Olympics. In pairs, he and Grace Madden placed 11th at the 1936 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9826863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826863" title="The Dance of 17 Lives">
The Dance of 17 Lives

The Dance of 17 Lives is a 2004 book by UK journalist and author Mick Brown. It is the story of an exiled Tibetan teenager, the Karmapa, who has been hailed as one of the greatest spiritual leaders of modern times.
Karmapa controversy.
Considerable controversy surrounded the enthronement of the 17th Karmapa, as there was not just one contender for the vacated throne, but two. Both contenders were represented by rival factions who wanted to get their candidate recognised as the true incarnation of the 16th Karmapa. The alternative to Urgyen Trinley Dorje was Thaye Dorje, who enjoyed the authoritative backing of Shamar Rinpoche.
While this book may not appeal to scholars of Tibetan culture, it does demystify this culture for a general readership. Brown shows how spiritual and secular power are closely related in the world of Tibetan Buddhism, with many monks and lamas vying for the power that comes from spiritual authority.

</doc>
<doc id="9826905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826905" title="The 1/2 Hour News Hour">
The 1/2 Hour News Hour

The 1/2 Hour News Hour was an American television news satire show that aired on the Fox News Channel. The program presented news stories from a conservative perspective, using a satirical format pioneered by "Saturday Night Live"'s "Weekend Update", "This Hour Has 22 Minutes", and "The Daily Show".
The first pilot aired on February 18, 2007, and the second on March 4, 2007. Fox News Channel later purchased 13 more episodes of the show, which started airing on May 13, 2007. The show was cancelled and the final episode aired on September 23, 2007.
Cast and crew of the show included Kurt Long (playing co-anchor Kurt McNally), Jennifer Robertson (playing co-anchor Jennifer Lange), Manny Coto, and Ned Rice. Longtime "Weekend Update" anchor Dennis Miller was a regular contributor to the program with his "The Buck Starts Here" segment.
Background.
Originally pitched as "This Just In", the show was turned down by the Fox Broadcasting Company's late-night division before being picked up by Fox News Channel's chief Roger Ailes for a trial run.
This was the first comedy show created by Joel Surnow, a producer best known for his success with the serialized action show "24". His description of the show initially was, ""The Daily Show" for conservatives", later expanding upon that description by stating, "You can turn on any show and see Bush being bashed. There really is nothing out there for those who want satire that tilts right."
Reception.
The broadcast of the pilot episode, which aired on Sunday, February 18, 2007 at 10 p.m., was watched by 1,478,000 viewers. The rebroadcast of the same episode one week later was watched by 971,000 people. The second episode on Sunday, March 4 received similar ratings with 1,384,000 viewers.
Publications gave the show's initial two episodes historically poor reviews. 
The "Chicago Tribune" said, "The humor is so predictable and so stale that it fails to produce any laughs." while "The Philadelphia Inquirer" commented that "The 1/2 Hour News Hour is slow torture all by itself." MetaCritic's television division, which produces composite scores based on prominent reviewers' opinions of television pilots, other episodes, and/or DVD releases, gave "The Half Hour News Hour" pilots a score of 12 out of 100, making it the lowest-rated television production ever reviewed on the site. Despite the pilots' poor reviews, the show continued to lead its time slot in the ratings among cable news networks. The show's lead over its competition shrank considerably, however, with its August 5, 2007 airing.
Cancellation.
The show's cancellation was announced on August 14, 2007 and its last episode aired on September 23, 2007. At the time Bill Shine, the Senior Vice President of programming at Fox News, stated that "we are considering ways to retool the show for future scheduling needs."

</doc>
<doc id="9826918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826918" title="Port Augusta Airport">
Port Augusta Airport

Port Augusta Airport is an airport located west of Port Augusta, South Australia.
Overview.
The airport serves as a gateway to the city of Port Augusta, as well as isolated mineral projects in the north of the state. Other operations include a base for the Royal Flying Doctor Service which maintains administrative, engineering and hangar facilities for the Pilatus PC-12 fleet at the airport. The majority of traffic at the airport are general aviation related movements, and the Port Augusta Aero Club is also located here. The airfield has previously supported charter operations using larger jets such as the Fokker 100 and British Aerospace 146 under a concession by the Civil Aviation Safety Authority, however these operations are no longer permitted due to apron constraints and jet blast clearances.
Airlines and destinations.
Charter flights between Port Augusta and Prominent Hill Mine using Fokker 50s and the Beverley mineral projects using Cessna Citation Bravo jets also operate regularly to the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9826920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826920" title="Ermengol X, Count of Urgell">
Ermengol X, Count of Urgell

Ermengol X (1254–1314) was the Count of Urgel and Viscount of Àger from 1268, though his succession was disputed. He was the son of Álvaro of Urgell and his second wife, Cecilia, daughter of Roger-Bernard II of Foix.
As he inherited Urgel at the age of fourteen, he was originally under the regency of Roger-Bernard III of Foix. However, the relatives, of the house of Montcada of Béarn, of his father's first wife, Constance, opposed his succession. At the instigation of the house of Foix, Ermengol participated in the coalition of rebels against Peter III of Aragon in 1276, but in the succeeding two years he recovered all the territory of his county which had unto then been in the hands of his rivals: the Montcada, the king of Aragon, or the viscount of Cardona. In 1278, he met the king at Agramunt and received Urgel as a fief.
Ermengol attached himself thereafter to Peter's entourage, travelling with the king to Sicily in 1282 and Bordeaux in 1283. When Peter died in 1295, Ermengol became a close companion and adviser of his sons Alfonso III, whom he aided in conquering the Kingdom of Majorca in 1287, and James II.
Before dying at La Llitera without descendants, he named the second son of James II, Alfonso, as his heir on the condition that he should marry his niece, Teresa de Entença, his legal heir. With his death, the House of Cabrera came to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="9826927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826927" title="Alessandro Bonci">
Alessandro Bonci

Alessandro Bonci (February 10, 1870 – August 10, 1940) was an Italian lyric tenor known internationally for his association with the "bel canto" repertoire. He sang at many famous theatres, including New York's Metropolitan Opera, Milan's La Scala and London's Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.
Career.
A native of Cesena, Romagna, Bonci started out as an apprentice shoemaker. He secured a music scholarship to the Rossini Conservatory in Pesaro, working for five years with Carlo Pedrotti (the teacher of the heroic tenor Francesco Tamagno) and then Felice Coen. He also had private singing lessons in Paris with the retired baritone Enrico Delle Sedie. 
Alessandro Bonci made his debut in Parma in 1896, singing the role of Fenton in Giuseppe Verdi's "Falstaff" at the Teatro Regio. Before the end of his first season he was engaged to sing at La Scala, Milan, where he debuted in Vincenzo Bellini's "I Puritani". Appearances elsewhere in Europe followed, including at London's Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. He first sang at Covent Garden in 1900 and he would return there in 1903 and 1907-08. 
On December 3, 1906, Bonci made his American debut with the Manhattan Opera Company in New York City; again the opera was "I Puritani". He stayed two seasons with the company, becoming a popular competitor to Enrico Caruso, who was the rival Metropolitan Opera's major drawcard. Bonci himself joined the Metropolitan Opera in 1908 and, in 1914, the Chicago Opera. He also made a transcontinental tour of America in 1910-11, giving song recitals.
Bonci served in the Italian army during World War I, returning to America to tour for three seasons after the end of the conflict. He appeared again at the Metropolitan Opera, and sang in Chicago during the 1920-21 season. In 1922 and 1923 he served as the principal tenor of the Teatro Costanzi in Rome and conducted master classes across the United States the following year. After 1925, Bonci entered into partial retirement, devoting himself primarily to teaching in Milan. He still sang occasionally in public as late as 1935. He died in Viserba, Rimini, in 1940, at the age of 70.
Recordings.
Bonci's artistry was captured on disc by the Fonotipia, Edison and Columbia companies. His first recordings were made in 1905 and his last in 1926, with a handful produced between these dates (in 1913). On them, he is heard to best advantage in operatic arias by Bellini, Rossini, Donizetti and Gluck, but he was also renowned in Europe and the United States for his Rodolfo in Puccini's "La boheme", his Riccardo in Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera" and his Duke of Mantua in Verdi's "Rigoletto".
Voice.
Bonci was a demure man and his voice was not overly large. It was sweet-toned, stylish and supple, with excellent high notes and an easy high C. He sang with what at the time would have been considered a standard vibrato, though later generations (until our own) preferred a slower one.

</doc>
<doc id="9826955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9826955" title="Accordion Tribe">
Accordion Tribe

Accordion Tribe were an international accordion group featuring Bratko Bibič (Slovenia), Lars Hollmer (Sweden), Maria Kalaniemi (Finland), Guy Klucevsek (USA/Slovenia) and Otto Lechner (Austria). They have recorded three albums, have toured Europe several times and played in Victoriaville (QC) Canada in 1998.
In 2006 the third Accordion Tribe album, "Lunghorn Twist", recorded in Uppsala at Lars Hollmer's Chickenhouse studios was picked in Songlines Magazine "Top of the World" chart.
Biography.
In Ghent, Belgium in May 1996, five internationally respected accordionists convened to form an ensemble that would explore the use of the instrument in different cultures and musical contexts. They rehearsed for three days and performed in Vooruit, following it with a three-week European tour. Their performances were recorded, and a self-titled album was culled from the results. 
In 1998, Klucevsek put together Accordion Tribe II, with Alan Bern, Amy Denio, and Pauline Oliveros, again touring Europe and prompting a reunion of the original ensemble.
On December 25, 2008, member Lars Hollmer died after a brief illness. The group thus performed as a quartet during their already scheduled April 2009 tour, "in memory of their friend and colleague".
In 2010 Klucevsek announced that he had decided to let the group come to an end as an ongoing project but did not rule out the possibility of a reunion concert in the future.
Film.
Accordion Tribe - Music Travels is a German-language documentary film about the band, produced by Maximage of Switzerland and written and directed by Stefan Schwietert. It premiered in January 2004. In 2005 it won the Swiss Film Prize for the Best Documentary, as well as the documentary film prize at the Würzburg International Filmweekend. The film features the life of the band on the road and in concert, as well as exploring each individual member in their homelands.

</doc>
<doc id="9827033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827033" title="Huge (magazine)">
Huge (magazine)

HuGE is a high-end style magazine published by Kodansha in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9827038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827038" title="Mir Hamzah">
Mir Hamzah

Mir Hamzah or Shaykh Mir Hamzah is a Pakistani Islamic jihadist who was one of the five signatories of a 1998 fatwa from the World Islamic Front.

</doc>
<doc id="9827066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827066" title="Gorokan High School">
Gorokan High School

Gorokan High School, is a secondary school located in Lake Haven, New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1976, the school was housed in temporary buildings in Dudley Street on the site of what was to later become Gorokan Public School. It moved to its current location in Goobarabah Avenue in 1977.
Its first principal was Gwen Foley, who was the first female high school principal on the NSW Central Coast. She retired in December 1982. Miss Foley chose the inaugural school motto "And Joy in the Making", referring to the making of a young adult as well as the establishment of the school itself.
Current student enrollment is over 1,100.
Notable alumni.
Matthew McConaughey The 2013 Academy Award winner spent 12 months attending Gorokan high as a rotary exchange student.
Jai Opetaia is a Gorokan High School student in year twelve. The (then) sixteen-year old boxer was accepted into the London 2012 Olympics.
Musical Achievements.
Gorokan High School has been referred to as a lighthouse school in music. It was one of 25 schools referenced in the National Review of Music Education in 2005 where it was noted as having an enduring music programme on account of its notable success over a period of 25 years. The classroom programme was developed in partnership with the University of Newcastle music education staff - in particular Dr Carol Richards - in the period 1986 to 2005.
Many graduates of the Gorokan High School music programme continue to perform, compose and teach music.
International Musical Tours.
A highly awarded and widely recognised instrumental music programme was in place from 1990 until 2006, with roots as far back as 1980. The school's wind orchestra was recognised internationally for its performances. 
In 1994 the Gorokan High School musicians were selected to represent Wyong Shire at the World Resort Expo, Wakayama|Wakayama, Japan. The visit was facilitated by the sister cities relationship of Wyong and Tanabe, which is in Wakayama Prefecture. World Resort Expo was held in conjunction with the opening of the new Kansai International Airport. 
The 57-member wind orchestra was invited to perform at the 1999 Banff International Festival of School Orchestras and Bands, where the orchestra was chosen to make the final performance, for which they received the festival's only standing ovation. 
The wind orchestra was going to take a 2003 tour of China however the SARS outbreak prevented the trip.
Online mentoring.
Gorokan has successfully trialled The Smith Family's OnTrack online mentoring programme which has produced a marked increase in engagement by students and school attendance.
Plan-it Youth Mentoring.
Gorokan High School has run a successful Youth Mentoring Programme called 'Plan-it Youth', strongly supported by the Department of Education and Training, plus teen Spirit Foundation and community volunteers. The coordinator of this regional programme in a number of Central Coast and Lake Macquarie schools, was Jill Rushton. 
The Mentoring Programme was developed to create one-on-one relationships between a mentor and a student. Plan-it Youth offered young people the opportunity to plan for their next step into education, training or employment. Mentors were community volunteers who collectively offered over 700 years of experience, trained by Wyong TAFE in 'Mentoring in the Community' and 'Protecting and Supporting Children and Young People'. 
Allan Arkins, principal at the time, said "the strength of Plan-It Youth Mentoring programmes is based on many factors, and many people need to be thanked for their input. Ms Jill Rush, the district coordinator, and Mr Denis O'Neill, the school coordinator have ensured the smooth running of the mentoring groups."
Water Conservation Initiative.
The school successfully bid to the Australian Government Water Fund for over A$45,000 for a water conservation initiative that will save 442,000 litres of water each year.
Skill Centre.
Gary Hardgrave, Minister for Vocational and Technical Education, on 17 January 2005 announced A$350,000 funding for the construction of a skill centre at Gorokan.
Operation Facelift.
Operation Facelift was a $350,000 Gorokan High School community project, undertaken from 2002-2005. 
Operation Facelift provided an opportunity for the community to create a greater sense of community, respect and admiration, and to promote a feeling of community ownership and belonging. The project manager Ms Larene O'Neill commenced work which included strategic plans, master action plan and timing plan. At the conclusion of the project there was an evaluation, then a celebration.
The local community were invited to participate in helping the Operation Facelift team fulfill the wish list. Sponsorships were called for. An application was submitted for security fencing. Support was given by the local Central Coast Express/Advocate newspaper and extensive promotion brought about donations, both financial and in-kind.
Major sponsors included the Telstra Kids Foundation, Delta Electricity, Wyong Shire Council, Wyong councillors and the Department of Education. 
The Operation Facelift Committee, made up of Gorokan High School students, raised $50,000 in donations, held raffles and arranged an auction at the Mingara Recreation Club. The auction received donations from more than a hundred community businesses and individuals. Raffle prizes were donated by many local businesses.
Landscaping materials for the gardens, building materials for the fencing and resource assistance were donated by many local businesses, including the NSW State Forestry Commission (now Corporation), the State Rail Authority, and Wyong Shire Council. The landscaping was designed by Ms O'Neill and created by the Operation Facelift Committee of Students under mentoring of local tradespeople.
An official completion ceremony was held to bring closure to the project and to allow students, the school community and special guests to share in the celebration of an important event to the students, teachers and other staff of the School. Guided tours were available.
Notable in achieving Operation Facelift were Mr Allan Arkins (principal) and the past president of Gorokan High School P&C Association, Mr Peter Ryall, for without their approval and confidence in 2002, Operation Facelift would never have commenced.
The students of Gorokan High School's Operation Facelift Committee included: Vanessa O'Neill, Lisa Provest, Grant Gardiner, Grady O'Neill, Luke Sandford and Tiffany Spee. Other students who donated their time and efforts were Ben Davis, Ryo Endo, Matt Fulton, Darren Harrison, Marc Meech, Jason Mirah, James Ralph, Corey Thompson, James Waterhouse, and many others.
Operation Facelift received mention in State Parliament and was nominated for an Australia Day Award 2004. Mrs Liz Rushton, District Superintendent for the Department of Education and Training presented a Certificate of Appreciation to Ms O'Neill in Education Week 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9827072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827072" title="Port Hedland International Airport">
Port Hedland International Airport

Port Hedland International Airport is an airport serving Port Hedland, Western Australia. The airport is southeast of Port Hedland and from South Hedland and is owned by the Town of Port Hedland Council. It is an important airport for passengers who work in the growing mining industry.
It is undergoing upgrades. Stage one of works include the extension of an existing taxiway and installation of new lighting, the construction of a new taxiway, widening of taxiway intersections and the extension of the domestic and international arrivals and departures area. This was to be completed by the end of July 2011.
Statistics.
Port Hedland International Airport was ranked 21st in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9827124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827124" title="Dhoom Machaao Dhoom">
Dhoom Machaao Dhoom

Dhoom Machaao Dhoom was an Indian musical comedy-drama television series that used to air on Disney Channel India. It premiered on January 8, 2007, with a one-hour special introductory episode, which had songs by the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs winner, Sanchita Bhattacharya. She performed the song "Aisa jadoo" in the same episode. The story revolves around Priyanka Sethi and a band which she formed with her friends, the Pink Band. The show is one of the first series produced exclusively by Disney Channel India and used to air from Monday to Thursday at 9.30 p.m.(IST). The series concluded after one year and 100 episodes run in January 2008.
Synopsis.
The story begins with Priyanka Sethi's return to India from the United States with her mother. She has problems adjusting in an alien environment as she feels she is not in sync with life. The story shows how Priyanka finds friends and how the four of them create a band of their own, called "Pink Band". Fights are sparked off owing to the different mindsets of the band members. To make life worse for them, Koel, the queen bee of the school, is jealous of them and leaves no stone unturned to prove her superiority.
Main characters.
Priyanka Sethi
She is played by Toral Rasputra. Priyanka ends up creating chaos everywhere. Over the course of the show, she becomes stronger, more hot tempered and coordinated after dealing with all the problems caused by Koel and her gang. She is an idealistic student who wants to break the stereotypes at school and is looked upon as an idol by other girls. She is always brimming with new ideas, some of which land her into trouble. Her parents are divorced and she lives with her mother. Priyanka has a habit of humming to herself even in the middle of her classes as she loves to compose songs. She is the band leader, lead singer and guitarist in the Pink Band. She is also the president of the Music Society formed by Nihaal.
Kajal "KJ" Jain
She is played by Aanchal Bharti. A rebel without a cause, KJ gets easily angry, but is still a "good girl" at heart and loyal to her friends. She refuses to accept her stepmother and call her 'mom'. kJ is the drummer of the Pink Band. She likes to think of herself as a tomboy, but her attractive looks and rebellious streak finds her many admirers. She dislikes Koel very much, although they were once best friends who had a falling out after a misunderstanding. Addy likes KJ and it seems that KJ likes him too because she seems to get jealous seeing Addy dancing with Koel.
Malini "Malu" Sharma
She is played by Sriti Jha. The simple girl next door, Malini is superstitious. She has a great, crystal clear voice, but sings only bhajans at home. She has feelings for her senior, Aamir. She comes from a conservative family and for a long time was fearful of her father who strongly disapproves of western culture. However, her father has now become quite understanding and allows her to fulfill her dreams. It is evident that he has doubts over her and Aamir's relationship. She plays the keyboard in the Pink Band.
Ambika "Bikki" Gill 
Played by Maanvi Gagroo, Bikki is a typical Punjabi girl who at the same time is a Bollywood freak. She infuses fun and lightheartedness into everything around her. She is a happy girl who lives life for the moment, with a song parody on her lips and her heart on her sleeve. Bikki loves to place bets with her friends. She seems to like Motu. She plays the tambourine in the Pink Band. She failed in eleventh standard.
Sameera
Played by Aanchal munjal, She is a bothersome girl who keeps pestering Priyanka to let her join the Pink band. She claims to be the biggest fan of Priyanka and the band. She unknowingly leaks all the secrets of Priyanka and her friends to Koel and Nihaal. She also wants to be the lyricist of the Pink band instead of Priyanka. The Pink Band refused to admit her as a member. Therefore, Sameera ran away from home. Later, she was found hiding in the canteen. Currently, she is a temporary member of the Pink Band. She has a hole in her heart and is getting treatment. The Pink Band won 'Indian Rockers' after singing a song written by Sameera. Now the Pink Band members have accepted her as she has helped them win Indian Rockers.
Secondary Characters.
Koel Tolani
She is played by Nidhi Tikoo. She is the school captain and the antagonist of the show. Although talented, she is arrogant and uses her money and power to get whatever she wants. She steals the idea of forming a band from the Pink Band by forming a band of her own, whose members are Varun Bhaskar, Tanya Mehra and Sanya Mehra. Koel tries her best to beat the Pink Band. After Bhaskar's rustication and Nihaal's entrance, she is the member of the new band 'Rockstars'. She thinks that nothing is impossible because her father will make everything possible. She is the root of all problems on the show and brainwashes Nihaal against Priyanka. She always fails in her plans and her father's money cannot help her.
Adiraj "Addy" Sherawat
He is played by Kinshuk Mahajan. A friend and supporter of the Pink Band, he calls himself "Addy, the Daddy of the Cool." He saves his friends when they are in tricky situations. He never gives up a chance to flirt with every girl he sees. Addy lied to his friends, telling them that his parents are based in the United States in order to appear cool. In truth, he is from Rohtak, Haryana. He is fondly called Champu by his mom. Currently, he is suffering from the chicken pox and might leave for Rohtak. He will join Bikki in the eleventh standard because he was not able to attend the exams and failed. He seems to like Kajal as is shown during a bonding exercise when she asks him what does he like and he says "tum".
Nihaal Singh Rathod
He is played by Akshay Sethi. Nearly all the girls fall in love with him because of his attitude and looks. He is a perfectionist. His hobbies are arts, music, writing, photography, driving and sports. He and Priyanka do not get along well, since she dislikes his attitude and rudeness. He ignores her and puts down her musical abilities. However, Priyanka's friends, Bikki and Malini, have a bet that she might fall for him after all these fights. Nihaal, along with Koel, created a new band called the 'Rockstars.' With this move, they are set to make life miserable for the Pink Band. He is currently one of the villains of the show, but has a soft corner for Priyanka which he tries to hide.
Aamir Hassan
He is played by Vikrant Massey. Aamir is an orphan who is in love with Malini. He used to work part-time in the cafe "Braganza" to support his education, but quit when he won a scholarship that covers his tuition. Aamir is quiet, intelligent, handsome, reserved and was Varun's rival. He is also a member of the basketball team. Mr. and Mrs. Braganza are like his parents, as they have taken care of him since he was a child. His friends are Addy, Psycho, Motu and the girls in Pink Band. He is like a brother to Nihaal. He was also in the running for sports captain. One of his hobbies includes writing poems, especially for Malini. He has graduated from school.
Varun Bhaskar
Played by Jay Bhanushali, Varun is the school sports captain as well as the most popular boy in school. He joined 'Fire-n-Ice' due to his hatred for Priyanka. Eventually Koel started to fall in love with him. He acts sweet with Priyanka in order to steal her original compositions and succeeds. He was rusticated from Heritage High because he bullied Aamir and read his personal diary. He appears to have an attitude problems.
Sameer "Motu" Motwani
He is played by Jay Soni. Motu is scared of girls and faints whenever a girl talks with him or tries to pinch him on his cheeks. His friends call him Motu (fattie) because he always keeps thinking of food. He is an aspiring fashion designer. His best friend is Psycho, who boosts his confidence and also helps him out when it comes to mingling with girls. As the series progresses, Motu is shown to be gaining confidence. He likes Bikki a lot.
Cyrus "Psycho" Kachwalla
He is played by Danesh Irani. Psycho is always analyzing situations and calculating their repercussions. He is the son of Heritage High's coach. A very enthusiastic and funny guy, his best friend is Motu. He is the only person who thinks in a scientific and logical manner. His father is the P.T. teacher of Heritage High.
Notable guest appearances.
Neil Roy
From St. Martins School, he participated in the Inter-School Music competition along with Pink Band and Fire-n-Ice. When Fire-n-Ice were caught, the trophy went to him. He also seems a little interested in Priyanka and keeps praising her a lot. He has returned with his band 'Tantra' which took part in the reality show 'Indian Rockers' and reached the top three, but did not win the title. He has a sporting spirit which can be seen in the speech he gives when he gets eliminated, saying that he was not sad as he knew that the other two bands were better than his.
Rohit Anand
He is the music director who offers Priyanka and Nihaal a chance to sing in his movie. Priyanka and Nihaal give separate auditions because Priyanka does not want to sing with Nihaal. But later, Priyanka rejects the offer as she does not want to sing without her band.
RJ
Vishal Malhotra made a special appearance in "Dhoom Machaao Dhoom" as an RJ of Anmol Jain's (Kajal's Dad) radio station when they were conducting the marathon to save Cafe Braganza.

</doc>
<doc id="9827125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827125" title="Port Lincoln Airport">
Port Lincoln Airport

Port Lincoln Airport is an airport serving Port Lincoln, a city in the Australian state of South Australia. It is located north of Port Lincoln, near the township of North Shields. The airport is owned and operated by the District Council of Lower Eyre Peninsula. It was the second busiest airport in South Australia during 2009/10, with 168,147 passengers served.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 01/19 which measures and two additional runways with gravel surfaces: 05/23 measuring and 15/33 measuring . On the 6th of August 2013 a brand new airport terminal was officially opened, it cost $13.2 million.
Statistics.
Port Lincoln Airport was ranked 35th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9827131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827131" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jinotega">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jinotega

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jinotega (erected 18 June 1982, as the Territorial Prelature of Jinotega) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua. It was elevated on 30 April 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9827164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827164" title="Abolhassan Sadighi">
Abolhassan Sadighi

Abolhassan Sadighi () (1894 – December 11, 1995) was one of the most prominent Iranian sculptors and painters and was known as the Master Sadighi.
Biography.
He was born in Tehran in 1894. He entered the Alliance school after finishing his primary education. There, he began painting and drawing without any teaching or guidance. 
His love for painting and drawing led him to become the student of Master Kamal-al-Molk Ghaffari. He soon became one of the most remarkable art students of the master. At the end of his educational time in the School of Fine Arts (مدرسه صنایع مستظرفه) Master Kamal-al-Molk appointed him as an instructor of painting and drawing at the school.
Shortly after his employment he began to find himself with a secret attraction towards sculpture. Without adequate means, he ventured to create his first stucco bust of a child and offered it to his great Master, Kamal-al-Molk. Master Abolhassan Khan Sadighi's innovative first sculpture was the beginning of a new movement in the art of sculpture in modern Iran.
After numerous experiences in creating plaster sculptures, he made his first stone sculpture on a stucco model of Venus de Milo. The sculpture received so much credit and praise that Kamal-al-Molk took his apprentice and the Venus sculpture to the Imperial Court, and introduced him to Ahmad Shah of the Qajar dynasty. Then, after that meeting, he was offered a monthly salary from the order of Ahmad Shah and then became the director of the School of Delicate Crafts. Upon this honor, he totally devoted himself to sculpture and made sculptures from both plaster and stone. These sculptures, such as the bust Ferdowsi on the Eagle's Wings, the full statue of Amir Kabir, and the most memorable of all, Haji Moqbel the Black Flute Player. 
In 1928 Kamal-al-Molk was exiled to Hosseinabad of Nishapur, which Master Abolhassan found it hard to endure that, with a tiny amount of money that he had saved throughout the years, he left Iran for Europe. In Europe he visited many countries, and for four years he studied sculpture at École des Beaux-Arts in France. His teacher was Ange Albert, the skillful master of sculpture in Beaux-Arts.
In Beaux-Arts he managed to prove himself more talented in competition with other art students at Ecole. During his stay in Europe, he created, in addition to sculptures, some works in oil and watercolour which showed the influenced he got from the new European art movements of the time.
In 1932, after returning to Iran, he accepted a request, in obedience, from his exiled Master Kamal-al-Molk to re-open the School of Delicate Crafts and be its director. Once again, the school became a center of visual art, which played a major role in the development of sculpture in modern Iran.
The School of Delicate Crafts lasted almost to the death of Master Kamal-al-Molk, and then was closed. Sometime later the school rematerialised in another form of art school, under the new name which is called the Institute of Fine Arts (هنرستان هنرهای زیبا), under the patronage of the Ministry of Art and Culture, in which Master Sadighi taught sculpture in the institute.
A few years after the school was established, it joined as a part of Tehran University. It then became known as the Faculty of Fine Arts and had various art branches, including a department for sculpture under the supervision of Master Sadighi and retired from Tehran University in 1967.
In addition to teaching sculpture to numerous art students and creating many artistically valuable oil and watercolour paintings, Master Sadighi showed his artistic genius by making the huge and monumental stone statue of Justice statue, which was 2.70 meters high and which was commissioned by the Tehran courthouse. This statue is undoubtedly one of the masterpieces of sculpture not only in Iran, but throughout the entire World.
In 1950, Master Sadighi accepted a membership into the National Art Works Society and entered the most creative period of his life. He mad many lasting statues of celebrated men of literature and science of Iran such as Sheikh Sa'di of Shiraz, Ferdowsi of Tus, the great philosopher and physician Abu Ali Sina (Avicenna), and the bronze statue of Nader Shah Accompanied by His Horseman, which was cast in Milan, Italy. The most important of his works during that period was the monumental and magnificent Statue of Ferdowsi, which was set up in Villa Borghese Square of Rome and made the sculptor well known to European art societies.
The career of Master Abolhassan Khan Sadighi as a sculptor ended, in fact, by making busts and statues of the Iranian poet and philosopher Khayyam. He then isolated himself from the art world almost entirely, and spent time raising his family. 
Abolhassan Khan Sadighi died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9827188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827188" title="Álvaro, Count of Urgell">
Álvaro, Count of Urgell

Álvaro (1239 in Burgos – 1268 in Foix), called "Àlvar el Castellà" ("the Castilian") in Catalan, was the Count of Urgell and Viscount of Àger from 1243. He was the son of Ponç I and succeeded his brother Ermengol IX within a year of their father's death.
Upon inheriting the county of Urgell, he exchanged his birth name, Rodrigo, for Álvaro and married Constance of Montcada, a relative of the ruling family of Béarn, at the order of James I of Aragon in 1253. However, he detested this marriage and had it annulled, marrying Cecilia of Foix, daughter of Roger-Bernard II of Foix, in 1256. This was to be the source of great enmity and conflict between the houses of Béarn and Foix. The House of Barcelona supported the Bearnese.
In 1259, Álvaro breached his feudal obligations to the king of Aragon and brought down the royal wrath on his principality: the seneschal Pere de Montcada invaded and occupied Ponts. In 1267, the king of Aragon intervened again, this time in the legal dispute between Álvaro's two wives. Álvaro was forced to flee with his wife Cecilia of Foix, leaving Urgell in the hands of his son Ermengol X.

</doc>
<doc id="9827226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827226" title="Rodulf (archbishop of Bourges)">
Rodulf (archbishop of Bourges)

Rodulf (; died 21 June 866) was the archbishop of Bourges from 840 until his death. He is remembered as a skillful diplomat and a proponent of ecclesiastical reform. As a saint, his feast has been celebrated on June 21.
Aquitainian nobleman and monk.
Rodulf's family was prominent in the region of Angoumois and he himself possessed lands in the Limousin. He was named after his father, the count of Turenne (died 844), and he had four brothers and two sisters as well as an unnamed sibling. He entered the monastery of Solignac as a novice in 823.
Rodulf was a follower ("fidelis") of King Pippin II of Aquitaine, who was in conflict with King Charles of West Francia, since both claimed to rule Aquitaine by right. It is probable that both Rodulf and his father fought in the wars between Pippin and Charles. In 840 Pippin had him elected as archbishop of Bourges, extending his authority as far north as it ever went. One of Pippin's two surviving royal charters is a confirmation to the new archbishop. Yet if the appointment of Rodulf was political on the one hand, the capitulation ("capitula") which he signed upon his election "shows that was in the vanguard of the Carolingian reform movement." Shortly after becoming archbishop, Rodulf bought a large piece of land from a certain Boso for 1,500 "solidi".
West Frankish diplomat.
By early May 844, Rodulf had recognised Charles as king in Aquitaine. In that month he visited Charles while the latter was besieging Toulouse and received a charter from him at Charles's headquarters in the monastery of Saint-Sernin. Rodulf attended the council of Ver in December that year. According to the "Translatio sancti Germani", Rodulf and Bishop Ebroin of Poitiers played the leading rôles in the negotiations to reconcile Charles and Pippin in the winter of 844–45. Rodulf hosted a conference at the monastery of Fleury in June 845, where Pippin swore fealty to Charles and Charles gave Pippin lordship over most of Aquitaine (the regions of Poitou, Saintonge and Aunis excepted). As a reward for his work, Charles granted Rodulf control over Fleury's resources. Later that same month, Rodulf attended the great synod at Meaux with archbishops Wenilo of Sens and Hincmar of Reims.
In August or September 849, after Pippin had rebelled against Charles, Rodulf, "with the greatest enthusiasm", hosted a royal assembly before the king moved south to besiege Toulouse a second time. According to the "Annales Fontanellenses", Charles then spent Christmas in Bourges and stayed into January 850. Rodulf may have served as guardian ("bajulus") to Charles's son, Charles the Child, when the latter was made king of Aquitaine in 855. Late in 860, Hincmar of Reims wrote a letter to Rodulf and Archbishop Frothar of Bordeaux—who may have been a kinsman of Rodulf's—outlining the difficulties of Count Stephen, son of Count Hugh of Tours, who was trying to repudiate his wife, the daughter of Count Raymond I of Toulouse. Rodulf and Frothar were successful in negotiating a settlement. The scale of the disorders may gauged by two charters of Rodulf's from 859 and 860, in which he laments "the presence of evil men" ("infestorum malorum hominum") in his diocese, an indication of violence and civil strife. In 860 Rodulf drew up a will and had it confirmed by Raymond of Toulouse.
Church reformer.
With Bishop Stodilo of Limoges, Rodulf helped found the monastery of Beaulieu. His family provided the land for the foundation, and he himiself consecrated the new community under the Benedictine rule in 860. He granted the monks the right of free election of their abbot, and pronounced excommunication on any governing authority who molested them in the future. He even procured royal protection ("mundeburdium") for them. Rodulf's brother Gottfried, the count of Turenne, along with Raymond of Toulouse and Aldo, abbot of Saint Martial's, were witnesses to this act of consecration. In 859, Stodilo granted a church to Rodulf and Abbot Garnulf of Beaulieu as a "precarium" in return for an annual rent of seven "solidi". Rodulf also helped found the convent at Cahors where his sister Immena was installed as the first abbess.
The earliest reference to the archbishop of Bourges as primate of Aquitaine dates from the episcopate of Rodulf. In 864, when Archbishop Sigebod of Narbonne complained to Pope Nicholas I that Rodulf had called some clergy of Narbonne before him "as if by patriarchal right" ("quasi jure patriarchatus"), the pope confirmed the right of clergy to appeal to Bourges if all avenues in Narbonne had been exhausted and of the suffragans of Narbonne to appeal to Bourges "as if to their patriarch" ("quasi ad patriarchum suum"). In his acts Rodulf sometimes titled himself "primate" ("primas") and "bishop of the primatial see" ("primae sedis episcopus").
Rofuld died at Bourges on 21 June 866 and was buried in the basilica of Saint Ursinus. His relative, Frothar of Bordeaux, was transferred to Bourges to replace him. Into the twelfth century, the community of Beaulieu commemorated Rodulf as "our master of holy memory". A rather standard hagiography of Rodulf, the "Vita sancti Rodulfi", survives.

</doc>
<doc id="9827227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827227" title="Port Macquarie Airport">
Port Macquarie Airport

Port Macquarie Airport is an airport in Port Macquarie, New South Wales, Australia. The airport is west of the city center and is managed by the Port Macquarie-Hastings Council on behalf of its owners - the constituents of the Hastings. The airport had 218,897 revenue passengers, the 29th busiest in Australia, and 5,236 aircraft movements in the 2010-2011 financial year.
Virgin Australia.
On 4 February 2008, Virgin Blue (now Virgin Australia) commenced direct scheduled services between Sydney and Port Macquarie. The flights operate daily in the morning. The service used to be conducted by an Embraer E-170 aircraft, and is the first scheduled jet service for the airport. On 19 October 2011, Virgin Australia's ATR 72 departed on its first flight to Brisbane. Connections are offered to all major Australian cities via Sydney. An increase to twice-daily service commenced 4 August 2008.
Competition by Virgin resulted in a significant drop in fare prices for the Port Macquarie - Sydney route, where Qantas previously operated a monopoly after Hazelton Airlines ceased services in 2001.
On 28 July 2011, Virgin Australia (in partnership with Skywest Airlines) announced its intention to commence a daily Brisbane to Port Macquarie service from October 2011. Subject to regulatory approval, the flight will be operated by the airline's newly delivered ATR 72 aircraft on a once-daily basis. The airline also announced that, as a result of the removal of Embraer 170 aircraft from its fleet, Sydney to Port Macquarie services would also be operated by ATR72 aircraft.
Aircraft Operations.
Connections to Brisbane (via Coffs Harbour) by Brindabella Airlines ceased 31 December 2010, citing poor loads on the route. Despite this, Virgin Australia entered the route on 19 October 2011 as a daily service with their ATR72 aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="9827259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827259" title="Scharfrichter">
Scharfrichter

The term Scharfrichter (German for executioner, literally: "keen judge") refers specifically to a tradition of executioners in the German states. Using a sword of execution, they had the responsibility of actually executing prisoners; his assistant, the "Löwe" (lion), would carry out tasks such as forcibly conveying prisoners to the presence of a judge (while roaring, whence the name), "rubbish clearance", burying unwanted bodies, and carrying out brandings. The Scharfrichter was a well-known figure nicknamed the "Mate of Death" and instantly recognizable in their traditional black frock coat and silk top hat.
The word "Scharfrichter" is composed of the words "scharf" (sharp/edged), and "Richter" (judge), because he had to do justice (richten) with the sword.

</doc>
<doc id="9827262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827262" title="Steam Incorporated">
Steam Incorporated

Steam Incorporated, often abbreviated to Steam Inc., is a railway heritage and preservation society based at the Paekakariki Railway Station, Paekakariki at the southern end of the Kapiti Coast, approximately 50 minutes north of Wellington on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island. Unlike some societies who operate on preserved sections of closed branch lines (e.g. the Kingston Flyer on the Kingston Branch or the Pleasant Point Museum and Railway on the Fairlie Branch), Steam Incorporated own a depot ("The Engine Shed") beside one of the country's most important railway lines, the North Island Main Trunk Railway, and restores heritage locomotives and rolling stock for use on excursions on the regular national rail network.
History of the depot.
Paekakariki's close association with the railway began in 1886 when the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company's line from Wellington to Longburn opened. Paekakariki Railway Station was a large station despite the settlement's small size, as it was ideally located as a locomotive changeover point - powerful engines were required to tackle the difficult grades between Wellington and Paekakariki, while lighter and more nimble ones were better suited to the gentle grades and straight track through the Kapiti Coast and Horowhenua to Manawatu. The New Zealand Railways Department (NZR) took over the Wellington and Manawatu Railway in December 1908, but Paekakariki's status as an important depot remained unchanged. In 1940, the line from Wellington to Paekakariki was electrified and Paekakariki's depot was altered: it became the changeover point from electric to steam motive power, or electric to diesel from the 1950s onwards. Paekakariki also was an important goods transfer point between the Railways and its "Rail Air" service that operated out of Paraparaumu across Cook Strait, before the Rail ferries. A large goods shed was constructed at Paekakariki by U.S. Marines stationed in the area for use with the Rail Air service during World War II. In the late 1960s with steam power coming to an end, the locomotive depot in Paekakariki was closed and the diesel locomotives which replaced steam were based out of Wellington instead. The main engine shed was demolished along with a number of other buildings, but the Rail Air Shed, two signal boxes, amenities building and a turntable remained when Steam Incorporated acquired the site. New sheds were constructed to replace those demolished, and the Rail Air Shed & amenities buildings were acquired when it became available. While initially leasing a portion of the site, Steam Incorporated now owns the whole former depot site including the 70ft turntable however the railways retain a right of access to the turntable.
Steam Incorporated.
As steam started to disappear from the NZR network, a group of enthusiasts united to preserve steam locomotives with the express intention of running them on the NZR main line network. At the time, all locomotives that had been preserved were solely for use on heritage railways or for static display, and as the NZR sold locomotives on the proviso that they would never again run on the NZR network, it was a radical concept. However Steam Incorporated was formed and locomotives were purchased by the society or for the society by members.
List of Locomotives.
In addition:
Rolling stock.
Steam Incorporated owns one of New Zealand's largest fleets of heritage passenger carriages certified for mainline operation on the regular national network. Originally painted in a unique chocolate brown livery with yellow lining to differentiate them from carriages in service on regular trains, the paint was found to fade and look shabby, and when Tranz Rail, NZR's successor, repainted their carriages in a blue livery in the early 1990s, Steam Incorporated reverted to the "Midland Red" paint scheme that had been used for most passenger carriages in New Zealand since the 1920s. 
Steam Incorporated own a variety of carriage types, such as five widebody Aa class 50 ft wooden passenger carriages with balcony ends. In 2008, these carriages were painted in "Pullman Green" for use in the North Island Main Trunk Railway centenary celebrations. In addition, Steam Inc. have a number of 50-foot and 56-foot steel-clad passenger carriages, one of which has been converted for use as a buffet/souvenir car. The active fleet stands at 11 fully restored and main line certified carriages, with a number under restoration (2) and a few more stored (4).
Along with carriages, the society owns a number of guards vans and former goods wagons, some of which are certified for main line operation as locomotive service wagons.
Excursions.
Steam Incorporated has operated or participated in excursions to almost all parts of the national railway network that has been open since the late 1970s. As one of the first organisations to operate a private carriage fleet, excursions have been run since 1978. During the early years of the society's existence, NZR would not permit heritage operators to use their own locomotives on the national network, thus limiting the society's locomotive activities to the area of The Engine Shed. Since 1985 however, this policy has been abandoned and Steam Incorporated have run the majority of their excursions using society owned Steam and Diesel locomotives. Popular excursions have been through the central North Island, annual "Art Deco" expresses to Napier, to the centennial celebrations at Dunedin Railway Station in 2006, and to the centennial celebrations at Feilding in 2008. Some excursions are operated solely by Steam Incorporated crews with the society's own equipment (with the locomotive driver and fireman supplied by Kiwirail), while others have been in conjunction with other New Zealand preservation societies and their locomotives, such as the "double drivers" excursions featuring two KA class locomotives.
Some of the more notable involvements Steam Incorporated have had were in 1993 when KA 945 and Steam Inc carriages toured for 3 weeks around New Zealand on the "Crunchie Train", and in 2008 when Steam Incorporated operated the Parliamentary Special NIMT Centennial train on behalf of Ontrack, using primarily Steam Incorporated carriages and a mix of Steam Inc. and other mainline certified locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="9827339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827339" title="Aging in place">
Aging in place

The Center for Disease Control defines aging in place as "the ability to live in one's own home and community safely, independently, and comfortably, regardless of age, income, or ability level."
In December 2011, AARP Policy Institute and the National Conference of State Legislatures released a report entitled, "Aging in Place: A State Survey of Livability Policies and Practices" to foster aging in place by giving state legislators examples of how laws, policies and programs can support this goal. In addition to such governmental initiatives, livability can be optimized through the incorporation of universal design principles, telecare and other assistive technologies. Assistive technologies include communications, health and wellness monitoring, home safety and security. Semico Research published a report in July 2013 claiming the health and wellness monitoring market for Aging in Place will reach $30 billion by 2017.
Purposeful aging in place has grown in popularity and celebrated by the National Aging in Place Week and the National Aging in Place Council that promotes the positive outcomes of older adults having a choice in their care and living arrangements.
In addition to Certified Aging-In-Place Specialist (CAPS) there are many more professionals trained to fill the growing need in this service model for older adults. Industries that have special programs or certifications include Real Estate, Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy and Relocation specialists. Communities are now fully engaged and committed to exploring ways to better serve older adults by developing action plans that address future needs and ensure that the necessary services are in place when they are needed.
The Beacon Hill Village in Boston began as a community of older adults joining forces to create "programs and services that will enable them to live at home, remaining independent as long as possible." The ‘Village’ model for aging in place is based on the Beacon Hill Village established in Boston in 2001. The ‘Village’ model is a grassroots, consumer driven, and volunteer first model. The ‘Village’ is a self-governed organization of older adults who have identified their desire to age in place. The model relies on informal network of community members. Volunteers are the backbone of the model, while the ‘Village’ staff is responsible for administration including vetting, training, and management of volunteers. Vendors provide home health care and professional home repairs. Volunteers provide transportation, shopping, household chores, gardening, and light home maintenance. The ‘Village’ model relies on the collective abilities of the community to respond to challenges face in the aging process. The ‘Village’ also works to build a shared sense of community through social activities including potluck dinners, book clubs, and educational programs. As of 2010, there were over 50 fully operational ‘Villages’ and nearly 149 in the developmental stage.
Naturally occurring retirement communities, also known as NORCS, are another source of support for older adults wishing to age in place. A NORC, though not built specifically for a certain age demographic, occurs where a congregation of residents 60 and older live cooperatively. Some offer recreational activities, preventative health and social services for the community. This model can be supported by local, state, and federal dollars as well as community businesses, neighborhood associations and private foundations.
Most adults prefer to age in place.
Most adults would prefer to age in place—that is, remain in their home of choice as long as possible. In fact, 90 percent of adults over the age of 65 report that they would prefer to stay in their current residence as they age. One-third of American households are home to one or more residents 60 years of age or older.
Technology can be an enabler for aging in place—there are four categories of technology that acts as an enabler—Communication and Engagement, Health and Wellness, Learning and Contribution, and Safety and Security. Caregiving technologies help those who care for older adults provide that care in the most effective way—and include new technologies for smart phones and tablets, as well as websites—such as Caring.com or AARP.org/Caregiving.
PACE Program.
The Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) model was created in the early 1970s in order to meet the chronic care needs of older people through their community. As an assistance program, one must be at least 55 years of age, certified by their state to need nursing home care, are able to live safely in the community at the time of enrollment, and live in a PACE service area. The goal of the PACE program is to care for the chronic care needs of older individuals while providing them with the ability to live independently, or age in place in their homes, for as long as possible. In order to make independent living possible for this population, the PACE program provides services, such as physical therapy, respite care, prescription drugs, social services, nutritional counseling, and much more. Since 2011, PACE has 82 operational programs in 29 states, and is continuing to expand today.
Home modifications.
There exist many risks for injury to older adults in the common household, therefore impacting upon their capability to successfully age in place. Among the greatest threats to an ability to age in place is falling. According to the CDC, falls are the leading cause of injurious death among older adults. Therefore, engagement in fall prevention is crucial to one’s ability to age in place. Common features in an everyday household, such as a lack of support in the shower or bathroom, inadequate railings on the stairs, loose throw rugs, and obstructed pathways are all possible dangers to an older person. However, simple and low-cost modifications to an older person’s home can greatly decrease the risk of falling, as well as decreasing the risk of other forms of injury. Consequently, this increases the likelihood that one can age in place.
Some examples of home modifications include: increased lighting, accessible switches at both ends of the stairs, additional railings, grab bars, nonskid flooring, a hand-held, flexible shower head, walk-in bathtubs, and the removal of throw rugs and clutter. In most cases, home modifications can be simple and cost-effective, while simultaneously offering substantial benefits to the individual. Other modifications to the home – especially those that require retrofitting – are a little more costly due to increased complexity of installation. These can include: ramps for accessible entry and exit, walk-in shower, sliding shelves, stairlifts, or even home elevators. Many homes are built or retrofitted with the Universal design model in mind, which makes everything in the home accessible to all people with or without functional limitations.
See: The Top 10 Design Trends for Aging in Place
Biological reasons.
Many elders have difficulties with everyday functioning that requires modifications to the houses they are live in. There are several reasons on why these changes happen:
Examples of aging in place.
Aging in place can be further defined by:
Aging in place initiatives worldwide.
In Canada.
In Ontario, Canada, Aging in Place is known as Aging at Home, and has received considerable financial support from the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care.
In United States.
According to the United States Census, there will be a spike in the age 60+ population from 43,043,000 in 2005 to 73,769,000 in 2020, an increase of 71 percent. For more details, see the following Website
Websites and organizations have sprung up all across the nation, in individual communities, states and nationwide to help people to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. Aging in Place is an initiative of Partners for Livable Communities and the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging. It was developed to help America’s communities prepare for the aging of their population and to become places that are good to grow up, live in and grow old. They have been working directly with nine laboratory communities to assist them in advancing policies, programs and services to promote Aging in Place. A similar network is the Elder Villages.
Smart homes are also another development to help promote aging in place by integrating a range of monitoring and supportive devices. These homes have technology for physiological monitoring,functional monitoring for emergency detection and response, safety monitoring and assistance, security monitoring and assistance,social interaction monitoring and assistance and cognitive and sensory assistance.
Georgia Institute of Technology has developed a smart house. This house would help to address issues older adults face when living alone, such as physical and mental decline as well as awareness for family members. The house includes technology such as pendants which understand commands in the form of hand gestures. It could open and lock doors, close blinds, turn on lights, and more. There is also an in-home monitoring system that can inform family members about an older relative’s daily activities, health status, and potential problems. This would allow older adults to remain in their own home while still maintaining their independence without their families having to worry about their well being. This is not the only smart house that has popped up.
The University of Florida has created one as well. The features of this home are very impressive. It has smart refrigerators and pantries which can detect food consumption and expired products. Their smart laundry machines can coordinate with the smart closet to notify the resident when it is time to do laundry as well as aid in sorting the laundry. Every room is specially designed with these and many more smart features to aid their living situation.
Similar technology has been done at the Washington State University,University of Texas, University of Massachusetts, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, University of Missouri, as well as in Osaka, Japan.
Occupational therapy options.
By working with a person's regular physician and other doctors, an Occupational Therapist can suggest changes to be made to a person's home in order to uniquely compensate for that particular patient's capabilities and disabilities. By making an appointment and meeting with an Occupational Therapist, a patient is getting a one-on-one based session where the therapist is focused solely on that patient's limitations and is making strategies in order to modify the patient's home, making it safer and letting them keep their independence. OT's will work with contractors and occasionally local groups and volunteers to make home modifications ranging from small changes like better lighting to more extreme changes such as chair lifts instead of stairs. An OT will typically try to make low-cost adjustments in the initial stages, but once again this is based on each individual.
In Middle Eastern & Asian Countries.
For many countries in the Middle and Far East, it is part of the cultural beliefs for older adults to age in place. Many children believe it to be their duty to care for their parents as they age and therefore will move in with their parents when their assistance is needed. In many Middle Eastern countries, nursing homes are just recently coming into existence due to cultural and generational shifts towards Western values.

</doc>
<doc id="9827341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827341" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Juigalpa">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Juigalpa

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Juigalpa (erected 21 July 1962, as the Territorial Prelature of Juigalpa) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua. It was elevated on 30 April 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9827398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827398" title="Peierls stress">
Peierls stress

Peierls stress is the force (first discovered by Rudolf Peierls and modified by Frank Nabarro) needed to move a dislocation within a plane of atoms in the unit cell. The magnitude varies periodically as the dislocation moves within the plane. Peierls stress depends on the size and width of a dislocation and the distance between planes. Because of this, Peierls stress decreases with increasing distance between atomic planes. Yet since the distance between planes increases with planar atomic density, slip of the dislocation is preferred on closely packed planes.
Peierl's–Nabarro stress proportionality.
Where:
The Peierls stress and yield strength temperature sensitivity.
The Peierls stress also relates to the temperature sensitivity of the yield strength of a material because it too depends on both short range atomic order and atomic bond strength. As temperature increases, the vibration of atoms increases and thus both peierls stress and yield strength decrease as a result of weaker atomic bond strength at high temperatures.

</doc>
<doc id="9827421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827421" title="Quilpie Airport">
Quilpie Airport

Quilpie Airport is an airport serving Quilpie, Queensland, Australia. It is located west of Quilpie and operated by the Quilpie Shire Council. The airport received $242,666 for security upgrades from the Australian Government in 2006.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two runways: 09/27 with a composite surface measuring and 18/36 with a clay surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9827481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827481" title="T. J. Cottrell">
T. J. Cottrell

Theodore John Cottrell "T. J." Cottrell, Jr. (born May 3, 1982 in Buffalo, New York) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Buffalo State.
Cottrell has also been a member of the San Diego Chargers, Rochester Raiders and New York Sentinels. He is the son of former NFL linebacker Ted Cottrell.

</doc>
<doc id="9827696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827696" title="Ramingining Airport">
Ramingining Airport

Ramingining Airport is an airport located southwest of Ramingining, Northern Territory, Australia. The airport received $32,965 in funds for security upgrades in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9827711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827711" title="14 Songs (Paul Westerberg album)">
14 Songs (Paul Westerberg album)

14 Songs is the first official solo album from Paul Westerberg, former leader of The Replacements. In many ways, it's his second solo album, given that the final Replacements album, "All Shook Down", was heavily packed with session musicians and marginalized the other three band members.
The album features contributions from Ian McLagan, former keyboardist for the Faces, a band that Westerberg has often cited as a favorite.
In an interview included with a special edition of the album, he explained that he started the record jamming with drummer Josh Kelly and former Georgia Satellites bassist Rick Price, but found that the combination wasn't working, requiring him to seek other players. (The only song featuring Kelly and Price is the opener, "Knockin' On Mine.") He also revealed that the album title was a reference to "Nine Stories", by J.D. Salinger.
Reception.
By March 1996, "14 Songs" had sold over 161,000 copies in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="9827734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827734" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of León in Nicaragua">
Roman Catholic Diocese of León in Nicaragua

The Roman Catholic Diocese of León in Nicaragua (erected 3 November 1534) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua.
Metropolitans.
Since it was erected, the see has had four metropolitans.

</doc>
<doc id="9827753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827753" title="Tau Kappa Epsilon">
Tau Kappa Epsilon

Tau Kappa Epsilon (ΤΚΕ or Teke, pronounced T-K-E or Tēk) is an international all-male secret and social college fraternity founded on January 10, 1899, at Illinois Wesleyan University. The organization has chapters in the United States, Canada, and an affiliation with a German fraternity system known as the Corps of the Weinheimer Senioren-Convent (WSC). There are currently 291 active TKE chapters and colonies throughout the United States and Canada, making it the largest fraternity in terms of chapters established. In 1928, TKE became one of the first fraternities to abolish "Hell Week", instead replacing it with a secret initiation period. TKE is also historically known for never allowing discriminatory recruitment practices against race, religion, or national origin, despite widespread pre-Civil Rights Act of 1964 discrimination in other fraternities.
History.
On January 10, 1899, Charles Roy Atkinson, Clarence Arthur Mayer, James Carson McNutt, Joseph Lorenzo Settles, and Owen Ison Truitt met at 504 East Locust Street in Bloomington, Illinois to draw up the first constitution for a new fraternity at Illinois Wesleyan University. The purpose of the new organization was to be an "aid to college men in mental, moral and social development." The founders sought to be a different organization than the other fraternities at the time by establishing a fraternity where membership would be based on personal worth and character rather than wealth, rank, or honor. Mental development would be emphasized by the study of classic literature at weekly meetings, and thus the new fraternity became known as the Knights of Classic Lore. The first public announcement of the Knights of Classic Lore appeared in the February 1, 1899 issue of the "Argus", which is the student publication of Illinois Wesleyan University. 
During the time of the formation of the Knights of Classic Lore were trying hard to get the Illinois Epsilon chapter of Phi Delta Theta restored. Prominent PhiDelt alumnus Richard Henry Little became a persistent sponsor for the Knights to petition Phi Delta Theta for charter. The Knights first petitioned Phi Delta Theta at its 1902 convention in New York, but efforts were unsuccessful. After renting rooms at several locations beginning in the spring of 1899, the Knights of Classic Lore finally acquired its first fraternity house, known as The Wilder Mansion, in September 1902. Simultaneously with the acquisition of the new house, the Knights also adopted the name Tau Kappa Epsilon. The change in name was expected to create a better impression in future petitions to Phi Delta Theta. The second petition was presented at the Indianapolis convention of 1904, but it was withdrawn in an effort to gain unanimous support of all chapters in Phi Delta Theta's Zeta Province, which included Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. If this support was achieved, then charter would be granted to the group without any action from the convention. The Knights of Classic Lore gained the support of all Phi Delta Theta groups in the province, except for Wisconsin Alpha, Illinois Beta, and Missouri Alpha. The Knights in turn unsuccessfully presented the petition at the 1906 convention in Washington, D.C.. During the continuing struggle for acceptance from Phi Delta Theta, TKE continued to grow stronger in its own existence. 
In late 1907, TKE was preparing to petition Phi Delta Theta once again at the 1908 convention, when an event took place that would forever change the course of history for the fraternity. At the annual initiation banquet on October 19, 1907, speeches were made that both advocated and questioned the continued petitioning of Phi Delta Theta. At the banquet, Wallace G. McCauley delivered a blistering speech known as "Opportunity Out of Defeat." The powerful address called for an abandonment of the petitioning initiative and a new campaign to make TKE into a national fraternity itself. While there was some opposition at the time, the movement ultimately took hold, and by 1908, TKE was well on its way to becoming a national fraternity in its own right. The speech was published in the first issue of "The Teke", in January 1908, and by November of that year, work was beginning on a new constitution. At the chapter meeting held on Monday, February 15, 1909, the new constitution became official. The first Conclave of the Grand Chapter of the new national fraternity of Tau Kappa Epsilon convened on February 17, 1909.
Expansion.
In 1909, TKE approached the Chi Rho Sigma Fraternity at Millikin University. There were no national fraternities at Millikin at this time, and TKE had just established its intentions to become a national fraternity. Representatives from TKE presented their case, and after thorough consideration, Chi Rho Sigma voted to accept TKE's offer. On April 17, 1909, Chi Rho Sigma was installed as the Beta Chapter of TKE. In November 1911, the Beta Rho Delta Fraternity was founded at the University of Illinois. BPΔ petitioned Tau Kappa Epsilon in January 1912, and they were installed as the Gamma Chapter of TKE on February 3, 1912. Following the installation of Gamma Chapter, "The TEKE" magazine noted that the triangle was completed. The geographic location of TKE's first three chapters form an almost perfect equilateral triangle. The equilateral triangle was at that time, and continues to be, the primary symbol of Tau Kappa Epsilon.
The National Fraternity Sigma Mu Sigma merged with TKE in March 1935. The merger resulted in the new Alpha-Pi Chapter of TKE at George Washington University and additional members for the Gamma Chapter at the University of Illinois and the Alpha-Zeta Chapter at Purdue University.
Prior to 1939, TKE chapters were installed after local fraternities petitioned TKE for approval. In 1939 a colonization process was established to promote expansion and to ensure that potential chapters met all necessary requirements prior to installation. The first two TKE colonies were the Eta Colony at the University of Kansas and the Chi Beta Colony at the University of Missouri.
Tau Kappa Epsilon expanded for the first time into the Deep South region of the United States in 1946. This expansion was made possible when Alpha Lambda Tau, a small predominantly Southern national fraternity, announced its dissolution. Five of Alpha Lambda Tau's eight active chapters affiliated with TKE, resulting in new TKE chapters at the University of Maryland, North Carolina State University, Auburn University, Louisiana Polytechnic Institute, and Tri-State College.
Presidential Recognition.
On January 20, 1981 Tau Kappa Epsilon member Ronald Reagan was sworn in as the 40th President of the United States. Reagan joined TKE at the Iota Chapter at Eureka College in 1929. Through his time as President of the United States, Reagan remained actively involved in Tau Kappa Epsilon.
In 1983, President Reagan created the Ronald Reagan Leadership Award to recognize selected student members of TKE that have demonstrated superior academic and leadership accomplishments.
In March 1984 President Reagan sponsored a TKE alumni luncheon at the White House. Approximately 60 members of TKE were invited to the White House luncheon. At the luncheon, Reagan was awarded TKE's Order of the Golden Eagle as well as the Gold Medal of the North-American Interfraternity Conference (NIC) recognizing his lifelong efforts to support and promote college fraternities. Reagan was the first Teke and first U.S. President to receive the Gold Medal of the NIC.
In October 1984 President Reagan attended lunch at the TKE house at Ohio State University. The Ohio State Chapter hosted President Reagan for lunch following a rally in which he was speaking at Ohio State.
In June 1988 President Reagan hosted a special TKE ceremony in the Oval Office of the White House in which he presented the Ronald Reagan Leadership Award/Scholarship to TKE member Alan Friel. During the ceremony at the White House, President Reagan was also presented with TKE's Order of the Silver Maple Leaf by TKE Grand Prytanis Bruce Melchert.
Symbols and traditions.
Apollo.
The mythological ideal or patron of Tau Kappa Epsilon is Apollo, an important and complex Olympian deity in Greek and Roman mythology. Apollo is the Greek god of music and culture, of light and the ideals toward which the organization strives for in their development of manhood.
Badge.
The official membership badge, made of gold and adorned with three white pearls, is by far the most important item of TKE insignia in general use. This badge may be worn only by initiated members. Jeweled badges, crown set with pearls, diamonds, rubies or emeralds, according to choice, may be worn by alumni members. Frequently the standard membership badge is used as a token of engagement. Miniature badges are also available for mothers, sisters, wives, chapter sweethearts or for engagement purposes. The TKE 'badge of gold,' unique in its design and distinctiveness, has never been changed since its adoption.
Red carnation.
The red carnation is the flower of the fraternity. From this flower the color for the coat-of-arms, flag, and other symbols are derived. Red carnations are also worn at TKE banquets. The Red Carnation Ball is a dance that many chapters celebrate, and is named after the flower.
Coat-of-arms.
The heraldic definition of the TKE Coat-of-Arms is "A shield of a Norman form, upon which has a bend with five equilateral triangles, surmounting a scroll bearing five Greek letters, and surmounted by a skull, or death's head, three-quarters profile. This assemblage is done in the official colors, cherry red and battleship gray, properly mantled." The coat-of-arms may be used only by official members of the Fraternity on stationery, jewelry, and other personal effects. Modified slightly several times during the early years of Tau Kappa Epsilon, the present Coat-of-Arms, adopted in 1926, was designed by Dr. Carlton B. Pierce and Ms. Emily Butterfield.
Flag.
The present design of the TKE flag, as adopted at the 1961 Conclave, features five voided triangles, in cherry red, on a gray bend surmounting a red field. Because it is patterned after the shield of the fraternity Coat-of-Arms, the flag is readily associated with Tau Kappa Epsilon. Individual chapters may also purchase and use pennants and wall banners of various designs. These usually employ the name or Greek letters of the fraternity and chapter, and may incorporate the basic TKE insignia. TKE insignia may be purchased only from the Offices of the Grand Chapter or a merchant licensed by the fraternity headquarters.
The Horse Shoe.
In April 1921, members of the Fraternity at The Ohio State University made their way to the Conclave in Madison, Wisconsin. At the conclusion of the vote granting their charter as Omicron Chapter, one of the members pulled from his pants pocket a rusty horseshoe which the fraters had picked up along the way. Believing that the horseshoe had granted the chapter good luck, the tradition began to pass the horseshoe down to each chapter. The original horseshoe was lost during World War II at the Alpha-Chi Chapter, University of Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky (it was replaced with a new horseshoe to continue the tradition).
In mid-1995, the original horseshoe was discovered by Past Grand Prytanis Rodney Williams among some artifacts belonging to Alpha-Chi Chapter, which had been held for years by a charter member of the chapter. At the 49th Biennial Conclave, the original TKE horseshoe from Omicron Chapter was displayed, and the story behind its loss explained.
The horse shoe, now an adopted symbol, is traditionally displayed on a plaque given to new chapters at their founding.
Membership development.
By the end of the 1980s, hazing, misbehavior, and alcohol abuse was beginning to take a serious toll on most national fraternities. The increasingly litigious environment resulted in very high risk management and legal costs as a result of the "Animal House" like atmosphere of many chapters over the past decade. In 1989, the Grand Chapter of Tau Kappa Epsilon voted to eliminate traditional pledging. Although many chapters and alumni members were strongly opposed to elimination of the pledge program, TKE had to take action to curb hazing and costs associated with it, and a new membership development program was implemented that included an immediate initiation requirement. TKE required the initiation of new members within 14 days of bid acceptance, and required all chapters to maintain comprehensive liability insurance. Under the new membership requirements, TKE membership declined sharply, and the loss of revenue created a burden to the fraternity. Despite the growing loss of initiates under the new program and strong objection, TKE mandated in 1991 that all chapters adopt the new program with its immediate initiation requirement. Membership continued to decline, and TKE was forced to suspend publication of "THE TEKE" and eliminate headquarters staff positions. In 1993, Rear Admiral John R. Fisher was elected to the Grand Prytanis position, and the fraternity CEO announced his retirement. Under new leadership, TKE finances were stabilized and the membership development program was modified in 1995 to allow for a pledge period, known as a candidate education period, of six weeks. Membership levels soon began to stabilize, and by 2002 membership was growing again for the first time in more than a decade.
In 2007 TKE began piloting a new member development program known as "The Blueprint". The new program was finalized and officially rolled out in 2009. "The Blueprint" is a flexible, self-paced, personal development experience that can be tailored to a chapter’s particular circumstances within a structure consistent with the purpose and mission of the Fraternity. "The Blueprint" focuses on personal development throughout a student member's entire college career in TKE rather than just the traditional pledge period. It includes four milestones that are to be achieved during the program: (1) Initiation after six weeks of formal candidate education, (2) Order of the Founders after 1-3 additional semesters, (3) Knights of Classic Lore after 2-3 additional semesters, and finally (4) Fraternity for Life, at the time of graduation. "The Blueprint" allow members to select their own curriculum as they work toward goals personally, professionally, on campus, and in the community in addition to the traditional new member education regarding the history and traditions of TKE. While "The Blueprint" is optional but encouraged for existing chapters, it is required for all new chapters of TKE. "The Blueprint" differs from other similar programs such as Sigma Phi Epsilon's "Balanced Man Program", because "The Blueprint" does still require the traditional period of formal education before a new candidate is initiated and given full rights of membership.
Chapters and colonies.
Tau Kappa Epsilon is also affiliated with the German fraternity system known as the Corps of the Weinheimer Senioren-Convent (WSC). The WSC serves as an umbrella organization for 60 student Corps at 22 cities all over Germany.
Publications.
THE TEKE.
"THE TEKE" is the award winning official quarterly publication for undergraduate and alumni brothers of Tau Kappa Epsilon. The magazine features in depth articles related to topics of interest for TKE members, including chapter news, alumni news, service and foundation annual reports, and articles relating to leadership, professional development, chapter operations, and of general interest to the fraternal world. October 19, 1907, Wallace G. McCauley delivered his Opportunity out of Defeat speech at annual initiation banquet of the fraternity. Not only did this speech mark the decision to become a national fraternity, it also marked the beginning of the official magazine of TKE. In the speech, McCauley stated, "Then let us issue a magazine, quarterly as first, name it The Teke, make it attractive and artistic in form." "THE TEKE" magazine first appeared in January 1908. The first edition was a 20 page booklet of 7 by 10 inches bound with a gray cover and the title "THE TEKE" within a red triangle. Illustrations and photos were first used in Volume II, No. 2 of "THE TEKE". The magazine expanded to the 8.5 by 11.5 inch size in 1935. "THE TEKE" was suspended in the 1990s amid financial difficulties for the fraternity, but it was re-established in 1999. 
The Teke Guide.
The pledge manual of Tau Kappa Epsilon is known as "The Teke Guide". Development on the manual began in 1927, and "The Teke Guide" was first published in 1935. The book was developed to acquaint pledges of TKE with the history, government, organization, idealism, functions, aspirations, and traditions of Tau Kappa Epsilon. "The Teke Guide" was the first fraternity pledge manual to use a two color printing process. The original book was designed, compiled, and edited by Grand Histor Leland F. Leland. Through the 1950s, "The Teke Guide" was a spiral bound book of nearly 150 pages. The book was rich with illustrations, including photos of all TKE chapter houses. In 1966 a new hard cover version of "The Teke Guide" debuted; however the new version contained significantly reduced content and very few photos. By the 1980s, the "The Teke Guide" had been reduced to a soft cover magazine-like format. The hard cover format returned again by the 1990s, and over the next few years an effort was made to restore the in-depth historical content and photographs that had been stripped from previous versions in order to make the book more of a permanent TKE reference manual for the life of each member. In 2007 the first edition to be printed in full color was issued. 

</doc>
<doc id="9827764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827764" title="St. Bernard's College, Melbourne">
St. Bernard's College, Melbourne

St. Bernard's College is a Roman Catholic Independent school for boys located in the Melbourne suburb of Essendon. The College is named after its patron saint, Bernard of Clairvaux, and is a member of the Associated Catholic Colleges.
History.
St. Bernard's College traces its origins to the establishment of 'St Monica's' at Moonee Ponds in 1917, by Brothers C. O'Keefe and T. Quinn. Students at this school were taken from Grade III to Intermediate (Year 10).
In 1940, during the war period, not only were the students sent away to help in project Ireland, the school was also extended to take the Leaving Certificate (Year 11), and this necessitated the building of the first St. Bernard's on the Strand Moonee Ponds, with Brother Cregan as the first Headmaster.".
In the mid 1950s, Brother Brendan Murphy organized the purchase of the West Essendon property. While initially used as sporting grounds, building work began at this site in the mid 1960s. Since then, the site has developed with all classes being located at West Essendon by 1995, at which time the Moonee Ponds site was sold. In 2001, the college set up its Santa Monica campus on the Great Ocean Road near Lorne. St Bernard's is the last known site to Tim's Shape factory.
Activities.
Sport.
St. Bernard's is a member of the Associated Catholic Colleges and competes against twelve other schools in sporting fixtures and carnivals. Students play week-end sport with the Old Collegians.
Performing arts.
The college has a reputation for its musical productions and music programs. It has combined with St Columba's College, to stage shows annually, which have included Pirates of Penzance, Fiddler on the Roof, Anything Goes, West Side Story, Guys and Dolls, Oklahoma, Cabaret, Bye Bye Birdie, Jesus Christ Superstar, 'The Sound of Music', The Wiz, High School Musical, Jekyll and Hyde, and are currently in the making of Once Upon a Mattress. The college has many bands and quartets. Also the college has an annual 'Kick Arts' along with St Columba's College and Ave Maria College which comprises dramatic, musical and dance acts by each school.
Student leadership.
The students are involved in electing their student leaders every year.
A nomination from the student or from their peers are verified by the staff. Then students vote 20 Student Council members, 10 from Year 10 and 10 from Year 11 to become the next years Student Council. 
The College Captain and the three Vice Captains are only elected after the new Year 12 Student Councillors are elected from the Year 11 group.
They undergo a similar process, students from the Year 12 Student Council nominate themselves or are nominated by their peers. The Year 10 and 11 Students vote on the Senior Student Leaders nominations and the top three for each portfolio have interviews with the Executive and Senior Staff to decide who becomes the next: College Captain, Vice Captain - Arts, Vice Captain - Ministry and Vice Captain - Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="9827795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827795" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Matagalpa">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Matagalpa

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Matagalpa (erected 19 December 1924) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua.

</doc>
<doc id="9827862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827862" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Bluefields">
Apostolic Vicariate of Bluefields

The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Bluefields () was erected on 2 December 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="9827917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827917" title="Gulfport–Biloxi metropolitan area">
Gulfport–Biloxi metropolitan area

The Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region that covers three counties - Hancock, Harrison, and Stone. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 246,190. The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 238,772. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady to moderate population growth. It is also part of the larger Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 246,190 people, 93,182 households, and 64,027 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 76.47% White, 18.49% African American, 0.47% Native American, 2.17% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 0.76% from other races, and 1.57% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.38% of the population.
There were 93,182 households out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were married couples living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the MSA the population was spread out with 25.9% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $33,774, and the median income for a family was $39,536. Males had a median income of $29,452 versus $21,775 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $16,822.

</doc>
<doc id="9827940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827940" title="Moon Fate">
Moon Fate

Moon Fate is the sixteenth book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Ryan Cawdor arrives in the remains of the New Mexico MAT-TRANS chamber with his son Dean, having rescued him from a slave camp to the north. Once they exit the facility the pair see smoke coming from the direction of Jak Lauren's ranch, where their friends Krysty Wroth, J.B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, and Mildred Wyeth were waiting for Ryan's return. Ryan and Dean set off for the ranch, fearing the worst. When they arrive they discover the ranch burned to the ground and completely deserted, but curiously find no bodies, not even the remains of the absent livestock. Further adding to the confusion there are only a small number of bullet casings found on the property, and inside the still-standing smokehouse Ryan discovers several pieces of smoked meat infested with maggots. A final, cryptic clue comes when Dean tries to pull water from the well and discovers a note from Krysty affixed to the top of the rope. The note urges Ryan not to drink from the well but offers no other explanation, saying that for some unstated reason there's not enough time for one. Reluctantly Ryan and Dean leave the water and head north, towards their friends. Several miles north the pair come across a deep mining pit, now filled with bodies. Dean examines them up close, discovering each has been shot through the head, apparently at point-blank range. Disturbingly, this includes at least a dozen children. Finally as they head into the foothills, Ryan discovers a long note from Krysty, explaining the situation.
Sometime after Ryan's departure, an oxen train of religious settlers passed by the Lauren farm, asking for permission to camp nearby for the night. Jak and his wife Christina cautiously agreed, but along with Ryan's friends made plans to watch their new guests carefully. This proved wise, as that night a number of the settlers attempted to take the ranch by force. Poorly armed and ill-organized, the attackers were quickly fended off and killed. Somewhat alarming signs of sickness on the corpses of the attackers led Mildred to examine other members of the group. She discovered advanced symptoms of the bubonic plague, but an even more disturbing discovery came when Mildred learned the time between the onset of symptoms and the near-terminal stages seen in her examinations was less than two days. Furthermore the disease appeared to be excessively virulent, among other symptoms causing uncontrollable diarrhea. With the ranch house and immediate area fouled by stricken settlers, including the well, Mildred declared the area needed to be sterilized using the only guaranteed method available: fire. Since the settlers were still a possible combat risk and all just hours away from an agonizing death, it was agreed that they should all be killed. Mildred did so personally, administering a single headshot to each settler. The bodies were then taken by Doc Tanner via oxcart to the mining pit to be interred. The friends then released the Laurens' livestock, intending to round them up later, set fire to the ranch with gasoline, and departed north.
The mystery surrounding the ranch now explained, Ryan and Dean head further into the hills to make camp. During dinner they are surprised by a sec hunter, the fifth of a set of merciless robotic hunters that Ryan mistakenly activated while rescuing his son. The 'droid is programmed to kill Ryan and Ryan alone, at any cost, and has evidently followed him through the MAT-TRANS system. It is heavily damaged, evidently in the course of its pursuit, but is still a potent threat. Attempts to shoot it blind it but do not stop it, and Ryan's one effort at close-quarters combat nearly kills him. Finally Ryan wades into a nearby pond. The sec hunter follows, but stops just shy of the water level reaching its chest. Realizing the damage it has suffered has made some elements of the 'droid no longer waterproof, Ryan pulls the sec hunter fully into the water, escaping with only a heavy blow to the back. The sec hunter shorts out spectacularly, eventually going dark and sinking into the pond. Just a few minutes later, Krysty, Jak, Christina, and Doc Tanner arrive, reuniting with the Cawdors.
The next day Ryan, Krysty, and Jak set off to meet J. B. and Mildred, who have camped in a box canyon to watch over the Lauren's recovered livestock. As they near the edge of the canyon they spot stickies, a particularly vicious breed of mutant so named because of the octopus-like suckers which coat their palms and other parts of their bodies, allowing them to grapple onto surfaces easily, as well as rip the flesh from a human body with trivial ease. The stickies are prone, overlooking the canyon and sighting on something, presumably J. B. and Mildred, through rifles. The three companions quickly dispatch the stickies, only to be held at gunpoint when the rest of the stickies move in behind them. Jak is able to escape, while Ryan and Krysty are tied up and taken to the stickies' camp several miles away.
The leader of the stickies is an unusually intelligent and unusually (for a sticky) blond-haired mutant named Charlie. Almost 20 years prior Ryan, J. B., and a Trader man named Abe cleared out a nest of stickies. The only survivor left was a strangely blond sticky child: Charlie. Resentful over the death of his parents, but equally resentful of their unintelligent, barbaric lifestyle which led to their extermination, Charlie has become well-educated and intelligent, and has organized a large group of fellow stickies into a functioning community, rather than an animalistic nest. He gleefully tells Ryan that his leadership is asserted by periodically and publicly killing "norms", something he says he will enjoy even more when it is Ryan.
Ryan and Krysty are placed in a pit used to hold captives, and discover one of the eight other people there is none other than Abe. This comes as a surprise, since they had assumed Abe was killed while trying to reach the first redoubt. Though shot in the neck with an arrow, Abe was able to remove the shaft and recovered after several months, leaving him with two scars and a ragged voice. The reunion is bittersweet, especially when Charlie tells the captives be intends to have killed all of them within three days. Ryan begins trying to formulate a plan.
The next day the sticky camp is visited by "fladgies", religious worshipers who practice flagellation on themselves and each other. The stickies take them captive, and, in a grim form of irony, decide to whip them to death. In an effort to save himself the leader of the group tells Charlie about a large group of armed lepers he saw heading towards the camp, intent on taking it for their own. Charlie heeds the warning, but allows the fladgies to be whipped to death anyway.
That night, while planning an escape attempt, the captives are interrupted when Ryan is ordered out of the pit. He is tied up and taken by a female sticky who previously made unreturned advances to Ryan while serving him food. Once in her home, the sticky binds Ryan to the bed and then rapes him. After the third time she forces him to perform cunnilingus on her, then attempts to smother him while in this position. Ryan is only saved when the sticky is shot by a leper, one of many now attacking the sticky camp. The leper decides to shoot Ryan as well, only to be shot by an unseen sticky. With both assailants dead Ryan is able to free and arm himself. He makes his way to the holding pit and frees Krysty, Abe, and the other captives; they then recover their confiscated weapons from Charlie's home and make their escape through the mountains. In the process they suffer some losses, and Abe is wounded by a musket shot, making it necessary to carry him. Eventually the group is reunited with J.B., Mildred, Doc Tanner, Dean, and Jak and Christina Lauren, who have come to rescue Ryan and Krysty.
Mildred examines Abe's wound and determines it isn't necessarily fatal, but will need careful observation. When his condition begins to worsen Ryan elects to stay with Abe in a derelict town, in the hopes of allowing him time to regain some health. Jak decides to stay with him, while the rest continue on, hoping to lead Charlie and the band of pursuing stickies away from Abe, Jak, and Ryan. This proves mostly successful, as Charlie investigates the town only briefly before continuing on; however, he leaves behind three scouts who find Ryan and Jak. They are able to kill them all, but not before the third scout stabs Jak in the chest, hitting his lung. Meanwhile, Charlie catches up to the fleeing group, only to be caught in a well-orchestrated trap; he escapes, but all of his companions are killed. Charlie returns to the town, Ryan's friends in pursuit. He draws Ryan out by holding the injured Jak at gunpoint, but before he can kill him he is wounded by a brick thrown by one of the freed captives. A partially recovered Abe then attacks Charlie, wielding a piece of glass as a dagger, and stabs him in the stomach. The sticky is able to overpower Abe and escape.
Two months later the companions are at the Lauren's newly built ranch. Abe has recovered fully, and Jak, while touch and go for a while, is now healed, albeit with minor lung damage. Christina has given birth to Jak's daughter, Jessica; she is also openly resentful towards Ryan for his perceived role in nearly killing her husband. For that reason, Ryan has elected to leave with is friends that day. As he is saying his goodbyes to Jak, Christina calmly calls both of them to the back of the house. There they find Charlie, freshly killed, and Christina holding an axe. Charlie had arrived, begging for food, but made the mistake of threatening Jessica, prompting Christina to kill him with the nearby axe. She then further reiterates her desire for Ryan to leave, to which he agrees.
The companions travel back to the MAT-TRANS chamber under the destroyed redoubt, Abe now with them. When the jump completes Ryan opens his eye and finds something is very wrong...

</doc>
<doc id="9827944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827944" title="Ramingining, Northern Territory">
Ramingining, Northern Territory

Ramingining is an Indigenous community in the Northern Territory, Australia, 560 km east of Darwin. It is on the edge of the Arafura Swamp in Arnhem Land. The population is approximately 800 people, though this fluctuates and there is a significant housing shortage.
The community was established in the early 1970s, and became recognised as Aboriginal land with the passage of the Aboriginal Land Rights Act of 1976. A written permit is required to visit Ramingining. The village has an airstrip at Ramingining Airport, a general store, a school, a police station opened in January 2008, and a health clinic with four nurses and a fly in doctor every Tuesday/Wednesday from Nhulunbuy.
Djambarrpuyngu is the main language in Ramingining, though Gupapuyngu and Ganalbingu are also spoken. The village, along with near-by Murwangi, was also the source for many of the actors in the 2006 cinematic production Ten Canoes.
Alcohol is banned in Ramingining. It cannot be consumed by residents or visitors. Kava used to be legally available, but was banned in the entire Northern Territory in August 2007 as a part of the federal government's intervention on indigenous affairs.
Ramingining school is paired with a sister school in Cockatoo, Victoria, Cockatoo Primary School. Exchange visits are organised where groups of Year 5 pupils and accompanying teachers visit Ramingining for a week. A few weeks or months later, Ramingining students from Year 5 and 6 visit Cockatoo Primary School.
A newer program that started in 2009 saw year nine boys from St Kevins College in Victoria visit Ramingining. The two schools are now fully immersed in an exchange program which will benefit both year 9 boys going into Ramingining and year 7-9 students from Ramingining going to Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="9827947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827947" title="Prodigy (David Alleyne)">
Prodigy (David Alleyne)

Prodigy (David Alleyne) is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, in particular the X-Men family of books. Prodigy is a former mutant, one of the student body of the Xavier Institute, and a member of the New X-Men squad. He was created by writers Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir and artist Keron Grant, and he first appeared in "New Mutants", vol. 2 #4 (October 2003).
He was originally a mutant with the ability to absorb the knowledge and skills of anyone within a limited distance. He could not control this ability and would forget his acquired knowledge once they became out of range. He attends the Xavier Institute and becomes co-leader of the New Mutants training squad. After the events of "House of M" and the ensuing "Decimation" of mutants, David loses his powers, but he remains at the Institute, becoming a member of the New X-Men team and utilizing his natural intellect to assist his teammates. He later regains all the knowledge and skills he had absorbed before becoming depowered, including many of the X-Men's considerable expertise in science and physical combat, making him a stronger addition to the X-Men. Despite being human, he remains with the X-Men as a substitute instructor and trainee for stories over a number of years.
Fictional character biography.
Early life and moving to the Xavier Institute.
David Alleyne is a naturally intelligent boy, who finds upon becoming a teenager that the answers to his exams and assignments begin appearing in his head whenever he is in the same room as his teachers. He realizes that he is a mutant with the ability to know anything that the people nearby know. Wanting to retain this knowledge, David becomes driven to study even harder. He takes college-level courses while finishing high school and drops subtle hints to his family about his powers, but they fail to realize he is a mutant until the campus anti-mutant group outs him. Realizing he can no longer be a mutant in secrecy, David accepts an invitation from Danielle Moonstar to attend the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning. His parents and sister are supportive of his decision.
At the school he befriends Wind Dancer, Wallflower and Wither. They are attacked by the Reavers, and afterwards Dani makes David roommates with one of these Reavers, Josh Foley. The tactic works, and David soon comes to regard Josh as a little brother. Along with his other friends at the school, they bring to Xavier Institute the homeless mutant Surge, who David acquires an immediate interest in.
David, Josh, Surge, Wind Dancer, Wallflower, and Wither are placed on Dani's squad of students, called "the New Mutants," and David is given the codename Prodigy. Not liking the idea that he is being groomed to be an X-Man, David declines to be the team leader, leaving the position to Wind Dancer. However, she quickly loses faith in her ability to lead. They compromise by becoming team co-leaders. Prodigy later learns that his mental blocks can be removed, allowing him to permanently retain the knowledge he absorbs, but he first experiences a telepathic illusion created by Dani and Emma Frost of a possible future based from that decision. In it, David excels by gaining the knowledge of the most important and intellectual individuals in the world, bringing a near-utopia to the globe, through genocide and the killing of his friends and the X-Men. The illusion ends with Surge, his wife, overloading her powers, killing them both in order to stop him. On seeing the illusion, he rejects having his mental blocks removed and begins to avoid Surge. However, she later confronts him, stating that what he saw was only an illusion of his worst fears, and David begins a relationship with her.
Power loss and the New X-Men.
In the "Decimation" storyline following the events of "House of M", David is one of the many mutants who loses his powers because of the Scarlet Witch. Planning to leave the school, David reveals that he built a "Danger Cave" to replace the destroyed Danger Room before he lost his powers. The facility allows his teammates to train by reliving former X-Men missions. David's parents and Cyclops decide that it would be safer for David to remain at the mansion since William Stryker is targeting depowered mutants as well. When Stryker attacks the mansion, David saves the Stepford Cuckoos and is wounded by one of the Purifierers. He joins the New X-Men later when they leave to fight the mutant-hunting future Sentinel, Nimrod. David proves useful to the team when he attacks the robot with the heavy artillery. After returning to the mansion, he is invited to join his girlfriend Surge in running the New X-Men squad, giving them free rein to add more members at their will.
In the "Quest for Magik" storyline, the demon Belasco senses Magik's returned presence due to her temporary revival during "House of M", but cannot locate her and fails to magically revive her (instead creating the dark, soulless form of Illyana called Darkchilde, whom he banishes in disgust). Sensing her presence on the students at the Institute due to their involvement with her in the "House of M" reality, he incapacitated the X-Men and sucks the students into Limbo, including David, whose eyesight was healed to normal vision by Josh using his newly acquired medical expertise. Belasco interrogates David about her whereabouts, but since none of the students remember the "House of M" reality, he is confused and tells her that she is still dead. Enraged, Belasco kills David by ripping out his heart. Some of the students break free and attack Belasco, while Josh manages to immediately regrow David's heart with his powers, bringing him back to life. While the students battle against Belasco, David realizes that his weakness is telepathy, having put special helmets to block the telepathic powers of Stepford Cuckoos and Martha Johansson. David directs X-23 to free the Cuckoos, who launch a telepathic attack on Belasco. Though initially successful, the Cuckoos are forced out of Belasco's mind, but he is ultimately defeated by Pixie and Darkchild. The students are later returned to Earth by Darkchilde, when she seals off all entrances to Limbo.
Regaining knowledge and skills.
Prodigy and Surge's relationship comes to an end soon after. Learning of David's near-death experience in Limbo, Surge fears for his safety and attempts to force him to leave the school by kissing Hellion in front of him. David prepares to leave, but is confronted by the Cuckoos, who offer to remove his mental blocks as thanks for saving them during Stryker's attack, restoring all the past knowledge and skills he absorbed when he had his powers. Though he can no longer absorb other people's knowledge, he now possesses the collective knowledge and skills of every individual he absorbed before the onset of "Decimation", including Beast's vast medical and technological expertise and the elite fighting skills of several of the X-Men. Using Krav Maga martial arts picked up from Wolverine and Shadowcat, he displays his newfound assets by besting Hellion in combat, fully aware that the kiss had just been a ploy. He then breaks up with Surge and is appointed as a substitute instructor by Cyclops.
In the "X-Men" crossover event "", the X-Men, the Marauders, Predator X, as well as the anti-mutant Purifiers all race to recover the first mutant child born since M-Day, who was kidnapped from her hometown. Thinking the Purifiers may have the baby, Surge leads the New X-Men in a mission against to attack the Purifiers' base and recover her. Prodigy declines participation and stays behind at the school, viewing the mission to be largely out of vengeance against the Purifiers for their murdered schoolmates than to truly locate the baby. While the New X-Men are away on their mission, the school is attacked by O*N*E Sentinels controlled by Cassandra Nova's nano-bots. Prodigy assists Beast in the hospital wing stabilizing the severely injured students and faculty. He later repairs Cerebro with the Cuckoos, who state that they find the structure of his brain fascinating.
Manifest Destiny & Utopia.
After the events of "Messiah Complex", the X-Men disband and later reform in San Francisco. Prodigy relocates with the X-Men to assist Beast in setting up Cerebro. He continues to work with the X-Men, though he is no longer on any active teams, instead running the new Danger Room and assisting the X-Men during the Skrull invasion and the take over of San Francisco by Norman Osborn and his Dark X-Men as well as joining the rest of the mutants to the Mutant island Utopia where he assists Cyclops keeping the island maintained. He is later seen in the field helping out Hellion and Surge deal with the resurrected Rusty Collins.
Second Coming.
Cyclops leaves Prodigy in charge of surveillance of the island's resources after a barrage of attacks by Bastion. Beast and Prodigy access a dome placed over Utopia and San Francisco and come to the conclusion that the dome is able to send over hundreds of thousands of Nimrods over to kill the X-Men and remaining mutants, causing him to break down emotionally.
Schism and Regenesis.
When a giant Sentinel attacks Utopia, Prodigy joins in the fight along with the other students to help destroy it. When Wolverine decides to leave Utopia and return to Westchester to reopen the school, Prodigy is among the younger X-Men who choose to stay at Utopia.
Young Avengers.
Bitter and disillusioned at Cyclops' manipulation, David is later seen working at a superhuman call center, where he uses his knowledge to help various people solve superhuman crises. While employed there, he meets and befriends Tommy Shepherd, the former Young Avenger Speed. The two work together on a stakeout to catch a thief dressed as Patriot, but the plan goes awry when the criminal dissipates Tommy's body and then fades away. He joins the Young Avengers to help them find Speed and while stranded in another dimension with Hulkling, he kisses him. In issue #9 he reveals he is bi.
Powers and abilities.
Prodigy initially has the telepathic ability to absorb and mimic the knowledge and skills from the minds of the people in close proximity to him. A side effect of his powers are self-imposed mental blocks, which prevents him from retaining the knowledge he absorbs, forgetting whatever he has learned after a short period of time. The power is completely involuntary, and absorbs only studied knowledge, not thoughts, short-term information, or awareness.
Since losing his powers, he maintains a high intellect, due to his extensive studying prior to coming to Xavier's. He creates a Danger Cave, a training room for the rest of his peers, and shows an extensive knowledge of the past missions of the X-Men. When the mental blocks in his mind are removed by the Stepford Cuckoos, David later regains access to all the skills and knowledge that he absorbed when he was still a mutant. He can recall the fighting abilities and scientific knowledge of many of the X-Men including Beast's medical knowledge, Forge's and Professor Xavier's expertise in various subjects, Wolverine and Kitty Pryde's martial arts, etc.
Along with his intellect, Prodigy has displayed great competency as a leader. Both Cyclops and Danielle Moonstar have acknowledged his leadership skills.
Other versions.
House of M.
In the House of M universe, David was once more a member of the New Mutants. The New Mutants were a group of young mutants trained to be diplomats, and David graduated the valedictorian. Prodigy once more acts as the leader of the new mutants (although in this case it's more unofficial). He leads the New Mutants in an attempt to save Nori's father. While initially conflicting with rival group the Hellions, the two groups would join together after learning of tortures of humans. David, along with the rest of the surviving New Mutants and the Hellions, would later make their last stand against Sunfire and his army.
Too Much Information.
In the "New X-Men" storyline "Too Much Information," David asks Emma Frost and Danielle Moonstar to remove the mental blocks keeping him from retaining the knowledge he absorbs. Unknown to David at the time, it was an illusion created by Dani, which was enhanced by Emma Frost's telepathic abilities to show him what might happen if the blocks were removed.
In the illusion, David quickly surpasses all the teachers at the school, having permanently retained all the knowledge they possessed. David leaves the institute, telling Josh Foley (Elixir) that he would use Josh's healing power to heal every disease known to mankind for free. Three months later, David has gained the knowledge of Stephen Hawking, Tony Stark, Henry Kissinger, and many other prominent geniuses simply by passing near them. He announces at a press conference that he has cures for AIDS, cancer and every other known disease. He plans to distribute this cure across the entire country in a matter of weeks. However, these cures come at a high price, as Josh dies during the medical procedure that harvested the tissue from his body needed for the cures. David mourns his friend, but firmly believes that his unwilling sacrifice was just.
Eighteen years later, David has married former teammate Surge, been elected President of the United States, eliminated poverty, unemployment, and discrimination against mutants and has nearly created a worldwide government. The only major holdout is China, which he plans to bomb via teleportation. Noriko secretly shares this information with the X-Men in hopes that they can prevent a mass genocide. However, before they can act on this information, David sends them on a false mission to investigate a satellite that he causes to explode, killing them. Seeking a convenient scapegoat, he declares that the already outlaw Hellions are terrorist threats and blames them for killing the X-Men. The Hellions and reformed New Mutants join forces when many of the dark secrets of David's rise to power come to light. The combined groups(Hellion, Mercury, Tag, Rockslide, Wither, Wind dancer, Icarus, Surge, and Wallflower) stage an assault on the White House, but David's security forces(XSE agents, Bishop, Storm, and Angel Salvadore) kill most of the heroes. In the end, Noriko confronts David in the Oval Office, then uses her powers to destroy the White House and everyone remaining in it.
Though an illusion, it had a lasting effect on how he viewed his powers.
"X-Men: The End".
Prodigy briefly appears in "", as an agent of the X.S.E. Along with Iceman, he interrogates Sage. Prodigy absorbs all the information she knows, and is deeply troubled with what he finds out. When joined by Val Cooper, he reveals that she is an impostor. She responds by transforming into a Warskrull, killing Prodigy shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="9827979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9827979" title="Thubten Shedrup Ling">
Thubten Shedrup Ling

Thubten Shedrup Ling is the first Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Australia. It is situated near Bendigo, Victoria, and is a member of the International Mahayana Institute of the FPMT. 
In 1994 Lama Zopa Rinpoche asked Australian Buddhist monk Ven. Thubten Gyatso to establish a monastery on land near Bendigo donated by the family of Mr. Ian Green. His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso, the XIVth Dalai Lama of Tibet endorsed the name: "Thubten Shedrup Ling", An Oasis for Study and Practice of the Buddha’s Teachings. With the architectural and financial support of Mr. Salim Lee and the support of many individual donors, construction began in 1996. The first monks moved into Thubten Shedrup Ling in 1997.
Geshe Konchok Tsering of Sera Je Monastery in India accepted a request from Lama Zopa Rinpoche to take up residence at Thubten Shedrup Ling Monastery and be the resident teacher for adjacent Atisha Centre. Geshe Konchok Tsering arrived in May 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9828047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828047" title="Étude Op. 25, No. 1 (Chopin)">
Étude Op. 25, No. 1 (Chopin)

Étude Op. 25, No. 1 in A-flat major is a solo piano work composed by Frédéric Chopin in 1836, and published in 1837. The work consists entirely of rapid arpeggios and harmonic modulations based on A-flat major.
Robert Schumann praised this work in a dissertation on the Études; calling it "a poem rather than a study", he coined for it the alternate name "Aeolian Harp". It is also sometimes known as "The Shepherd Boy," following an unsupported tale by Kleczyński that Chopin advised a pupil to picture a shepherd boy taking refuge in a grotto to avoid a storm playing the melody on his flute.
Structure.
This étude comprises a right-hand melody and supportive bass line, the accompaniment consisting of broken chords, provided by the inner voices of both hands, usually in semiquaver-tuplets. The left hand introduces polyrhythyms from time to time. The principal melody is presented by the right hand on the first note of each group of sextuplets, with occasional counter-melodies provided by the inner voices.
The distinctive theme is presented in A-flat major. Through metamorphic modulations to closely related keys, it eventually arrives at a brief episode in the remote key of A major, but culminates with an intense climax in the home key, and a momentary reference to the original thematic material, which flows easily into the coda.
Technique.
Technically, the piece requires both dexterity and velocity, good balance and weighting of the arms coupled with flexible finger stretches. The inner voice figures consist of repeated figures of arpeggiated chords. Schumann commented on Chopin's subtle emphasis on certain melodies throughout this piece. One difficulty the étude presents is the voicing of the inner counter-melodies. The 3 annotated studies by Leopold Godowsky on this etude exploit this aspect of this piece and also introduce the student to further possibilities in the Chopin original.

</doc>
<doc id="9828052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828052" title="Morton Allport">
Morton Allport

Morton Allport FLS (4 December 1830 – 10 September 1878) was an English-born Australian colonial naturalist.
Allport was born to Joseph Allport, at West Bromwich, Staffordshire. His family moved in 1831 to Tasmania. He trained for law, his father's profession, and was admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Tasmania in 1852.
Allport was an ardent and accomplished naturalist, and by his original work added largely to the knowledge of the zoology and botany of Tasmania. To the study of the fishes of the colony he gave special attention, and he made it his concern to send specimens of every new fish he could procure to the best authorities of England and elsewhere. He was an authority on Tasmanian fish and catalogued, described and drew pictures of his specimens. He was a leader in the introduction of salmon and trout to Tasmanian waters and also introduced the white water-lily and the perch.
Allport was a Fellow of the Linnæan Society of London and of the Zoological Society, corresponding member of the Anthropological Institute, life member of the Entomological and Malacological Societies, and foreign member of several Continental scientific societies. He was a Vice-President of the Royal Society of Tasmania, to the Proceedings of which last-named Society he contributed a number of valuable pacers on the subjects of his favourite studies. He was a member of the Council of Education for many years. He died at Hobart on 10 September 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="9828070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828070" title="Vyacheslav Nevinny">
Vyacheslav Nevinny

Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Nevinny (; November 30, 1934 - May 31, 2009) was a popular Russian actor titled a People's Artist of the USSR in 1986. He worked in the Moscow Art Theatre from 1959 until his death.
Biography.
Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Nevinny was born on November 30, 1934 in Tula. After graduating in 1954 from high school Vyacheslav tried to join the school-studio of Moscow Arts Theater, but failed the examinations. After failure, he did not leave a dream to become an actor. Instead, he got employed in the Tula Theatre for Young Spectators as a supporting actor.
In 1955, Nevinny again takes an examination in the school-studio of Moscow Arts Theater. At this time the attempt was successful. After graduation in 1959 (Viktor Stanitsyn's course), Vyacheslav becomes an actor. He participated in many performances, such as: 
In 1960, Nevinny made his debut in cinema as a policeman in the movie "The Probationary Period". After his first role, Nevinny played in several other movies, "The Chairman" (as young peasant) and "Ruslan and Ludmila" (as Farlaf).
Vyacheslav Nevinny also played in famous comedy "The Garage" and "It Can't Be!" (Ne mozhet byt!) (1975).
In 1984, Nevinny played the role of Sobakevich in "Dead Souls". In the same year, he took part in the popular children sci-fi TV-series, called "Guests from the Future" as Veselchak U (lit. Jolly Man U).
Yevgeni Gerasimov’s comedy ‘’Do Not Marry, Girls’’ (Ne khodite, devki, zamuzh) (1985), in which Nevinny played one of the leads, was very popular with the viewers, as well as his roles in Eldar Ryazanov’s comedy ‘’Beware of the Car’’ (Beregis avtomobilya) (1966) and The Promised Land (Nebesa obetovannye) (1991). One of the last remarkable film roles by Vyacheslav Nevinny was the remake of the famous Italian film ‘’Cops and Robbers’’ (Politseiskiye i vory) (1997) by director Nikolai Dostal.
Lots of popular Russian animation characters speak with the voice of Vyacheslav Nevinny.
For many years Vyacheslav Nevinny suffered from diabetes, which was getting worse and worse. In 2003 he was taken to hospital and had to spend a whole year there.
In 2005, Vyacheslav underwent major surgery. Nevinny's left foot was amputated because of gangrene. In 2006, his second foot was amputated, as the illness progressed.
Vyacheslav Nevinny died at the age of 74 on 31 May 2009. President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev expressed his condolences to relatives and friends of the actor. Vyacheslav was buried on 3 June 2009 in the Troyekurovskoye Cemetery of Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="9828071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828071" title="Fury's Pilgrims">
Fury's Pilgrims

"Fury's Pilgrims" is the seventeenth book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Ryan Cawdor awakes following a MAT-TRANS jump and finds himself in an environment with a decreased amount of oxygen, as well as apparently lower gravity. Dr. Theophilus Tanner awakes as well, and with (for him) remarkable clarity reasons that they must have jumped to a MAT-TRANS facility not on the planet. Along with Krysty Wroth, J. B. Dix, Mildred Wyeth, Ryan's son Dean Cawdor, and former Trader associate Abe, the group cautiously explores the facility. Doc's near-certain hypothesis is confirmed when they discover viewing portholes, showing them an unbroken view of stars, clearly placing them in space somewhere. Though possessing a good knowledge of astronomy, J. B. is unable to recognize any constellations seen through the portholes, making it possible that the facility is not orbiting around the Earth.
The facility is empty, full of corpses who appear to have died of unknown causes, possibly a disease, just weeks prior. Exploration of the facility leads to the space station's bridge; there Ryan finds a folder containing the station's logs for the past several months. However, entering the bridge triggers an automatic self-destruct countdown, and Ryan loses the folder when he drops it while leaving the bridge, seconds before the security doors shut. The companions make it to the MAT-TRANS chamber and jump out just before the malfunctioning, accelerated countdown reaches zero.
The next jump takes the group to a redoubt somewhere under Chicago, revealed by graffiti left on the walls. A map indicates the facility has been mostly cleared by evacuating personnel during the beginning of the Great Dark, but two areas of interest are not marked as cleared: the garage, and the chron-jump section. This last part attracts Doc Tanner's attention: "chron-jump" was the name given to the government department responsible for "trawling" him forward in time from 1896. The companions agree to investigate the section. When they arrive they find it still functional, prepared to execute a trawling of three targets from just scant weeks before the beginning of the Great Dark. The companions decide to make an attempt to bring the targets forward, reasoning that it may save people who would otherwise die in the nuclear holocaust. The first attempt is unsuccessful, producing an unpleasant collection of disconnected body parts and gore. The second target arrives intact and alive, but curiously she is bound in a straitjacket. Careful examination of the information on the computer reveals that she is a clinically insane mass murderer, convicted of torturing, castrating, and murdering dozens of young boys. Disgusted, Ryan kills her with a shot to the head. The third trawling attempt is successful as well, bringing forward a 19-year-old man named Michael, a member of an isolated Christian monastic order who has been trained in the fictional martial art of Tao-Tain-Do. Brother Michael is skeptical of the story the companions tell him, but accepts that his situation is beyond his control. Reluctantly, he follows them.
The redoubt's garage contains a fully operational war wag, and the companions set out in it to explore the ruins of Chicago. The city turns out to be not just destroyed but nearly leveled, possibly from high incendiary warheads, leaving only a flat, charred, black wasteland. The level of destruction is shocking to nearly everyone, including Brother Michael. Unable to deny that the companions' story is true, Michael declares that he can no longer consider himself a member of the order, no longer "Brother" Michael. Since he lacks a last name, Doc Tanner suggests he use "Brother"; Michael accepts, christening himself "Michael Brother".
The group takes shelter in a stripped Victorian mansion; that evening they are attacked by a large group of mutants. Michael, who already has displayed remarkable speed and reflexes, singlehandedly kills a group of at least a dozen mutants while armed only with a pair of knives. This does not escape Ryan's notice, who concludes Michael may be faster than even Jak Lauren. Towards the end of the attack Abe is wounded lightly by a mutant. Enraged, he follows the fleeing mutant into the night, only to fall into a rapid-flowing, rock-strewn river while grappling with the mutie. The companions find no sign of him, and presume him dead. The next day, however, they are startled to find some distance away alongside the road, battered, naked, but alive. Abe explains that he had nearly drowned before someone pulled him free of the river. When he was able to see the person, he recognized him as none other than the Trader. Both Ryan and J.B. are incredulous, believing their former employer is dead, but Abe maintains that it was him. He then says he plans to stay behind in order to track down the Trader and, ideally, join up with him. Abe parts company with the companions on good, if bittersweet, terms.
While the companions stop to attempt repairs on the rapidly worsening war wag, Doc and Michael surreptitiously depart. Doc intends to go back to the chron-jump section and attempt to send himself back in time to be reunited with his family, and has convinced Michael to assist him and be sent back as well. As they travel by foot Doc's mental state becomes increasingly unstable, with him often mistaking Michael for his long-dead wife Emily.
Meanwhile, Krysty is kidnapped by a group of highly organized, female mutants. Calling themselves "Midnight" because of their large, nocturnally adapted eyes, the group believe Krysty is the "fire-haired" leader mentioned in their group mythology who will free them from their subterranean existence. Krysty soon learns other, disturbing things about Midnight, particularly that they are an all female group by virtue of killing any male offspring, and also practice cannibalism, including on their doomed male infants.
In order to find Krysty's whereabouts, Ryan, J. B., Mildred, and Dean capture one member of a Midnight sec patrol. Though initially resistant to interrogation by Ryan, the captured woman reveals the necessary information when Mildred "persuades" her using her extensive medical knowledge and a scalpel. Shaken but resolved, the group heads to the mutants' lair to rescue Krysty. During the initial assault Dean is separated from the group, eventually captured and placed in the same cell as Krysty. With someone there to help her afterward, Krysty calls upon her enhanced strength to break the chains binding both her and Dean. Dean kills the arriving pair of guards, recovering his and Krysty's weapons in the process, and helps the severely weakened woman make her escape. After a brief gunfight most of the Midnight leadership are killed, and the group reunites and flees to the surface.
The companions make their way to the redoubt, and find Michael and Doc in the chron-jump facility, prepared for a jump whose countdown is fast approaching execution. The machinery is obviously malfunctioning, but Doc refuses to leave the jump chamber, protected by Michael and holding the group at gunpoint. Ryan manages to disable Michael by faking a stagger and then kicking him in the groin, and Mildred disarms Doc by shooting a support on the chamber's lid, knocking the weapon from his hand when the lid swings down. They manage to drag Doc from the chamber a few seconds before the jump executes, whereupon the chamber malfunctions spectacularly and bursts into flames. Doc apologizes profusely for his behavior, which the group accepts.
After some time to recover, the companions make their way to the MAT-TRANS chamber; Michael accompanies them. Ryan closes the door and initiates the jump.

</doc>
<doc id="9828107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828107" title="Momir Petković">
Momir Petković

Momir Petković (born 21 July 1953) is an Olympic wrestling champion.
Wrestling career.
Momir Petković was a 1976 Olympic gold medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling in Montreal, competing for the former Yugoslavia at 82 kg. He also claimed three World silver medals (1978, 1979, 1981) and a World bronze medal (1977) during his career. Petkovic placed fourth in the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, Calif. Momir was revered for his majestic mustache which gave him great power. His competitive international Greco-Roman career spanned from 1970–1984
As a coach.
Petković joined USA Wrestling as its Assistant National Greco-Roman Coach in May 2002. He assists in the training and recruitment of athletes for the U.S. Olympic Training Center resident athlete program. He also works on a variety of Greco-Roman National Team projects.
He was a member of the 2000 U.S. Greco-Roman Olympic Team coaching staff, as well as the 2001 U.S. Greco-Roman World Team Coaching staff. The United States placed a strong third at both competitions, among what is considered the best Greco-Roman team performances in U.S. history.
He has on occasion trained mixed martial arts fighters the likes of Matt Lindland and BJ Penn. BJ credited Momir with helping him defeat Matt Hughes at UFC 46 for the UFC Welterweight Championship.
"“Momir is the toughest man I have ever met, what a great coach and role model”" 
-Matt Lindland

</doc>
<doc id="9828109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828109" title="Sutanphaa">
Sutanphaa

Sutanphaa (or Siva Singha) (Assamese: স্বৰ্গদেউ শিৱ সিংহ) (reign 1714–1744) was a King in Assam in the early 18th century.
The Reign.
As per wish of Swargadeo Rudra Singha from his deathbed, he was succeeded by his eldest son Siba Singha (reign 1714–1744).
Siba Singha ascended the throne and assumed the Ahom name Sutanphaa. He gave up Rudra Singha's plan to organise a confederacy of the rajas of Hindustan and to invade Bengal, but obeyed his father's injunction to become a disciple of Krishnaram Bhattacharjya (Nyayavagish) the Shakta priest from near Nabadwip in West Bengal. He gave the management of the Kamakhya Temple to Krishnaram, who came to be known as Parbatiya Gosain, as his residence was on top of the Nilachal hill. Siba Singha accepted him as the royal priest and made large number of land grants to temples and the Brahmin priests.
Dafla expedition.
His long 30 years reign was peaceful, only in January 1717 there was an expedition against the Daflas of the northern hills, who had again taken to raiding the plains people. After they had been reduced to submission, an embankment was constructed along the foot of the hills inhabited by them as protection against future raids.
Bar Rajas.
Siba Singha was a staunch Shakta and was greatly influenced by the Brahmin priests and astrologers. In 1722 he was so alarmed by their prediction that his rule would shortly come to end, that he not only made many and lavish presents to various temples and the Brahmins, in hope of conciliating the gods and averting the calamitry, but also endeavoured to satisfy the alleged decree of fate by a subterfuge which greatly diminished his prestige in the eyes of his people. He declared his chief queen Phuleswari, who assumed the name Pramateswari Devi (one of the names of Durga), and the title "Bar Raja" or chief king. 
Phuleswari minted coins in joint name of her and her husband where she used Persian legend, the first of its kind in Assam. Phuleswari was more under the influence of the Brahmins, particularly the Parvatiya Gosain, than the king had been. It is believed that instigated by this gosain and in her zeal for Sakta Hinduism she attempted to make Saktism the State religion. With this objective, she ordered the Vaishnava gosains to worship the goddess Durga. She then forbade the worship of other deities and personally supervised the act of desecration of the Sonarijan camp. Learning that the Sudra Mahantas were strong monotheists, she held a Durga puja in the capital Rangpur and forced Moamaria and several other gosains to offer oblations to the goddess and smeared sacrificial blood on their forehead. The Moamarias never forgave this insult to their spiritual leader, and half a century later, they broke out in open rebellion, which came to be known as Moamoria rebellion.
Phuleswari died in 1731. The king then married her sister Deopadi, and made her the Bar Raja with the name Ambika. She died about 1738, and was succeeded by another wife named Enadari who took the name Sarbeswari on becoming Bar Raja. Siba Singha erected numerous temples and gave away land for support of Brahmins and temples with all the generosity of a new convert. Siva Singha was a great patron of literature and music. According to one Buranji he was himself the writer of a number of hymns. It was during his reign Sakta Hinduism became the predominant religion of Assam.
Administrative and public works.
Siba Singha is said to have established such an elaborate system of espionage during his reign that he had accurate information of everything that was done or even spoken in all parts of his kingdom. 
During Siba Singha's reign, the chief public works were the construction of Dhai Ali and the tanks and temples at Gaurisagar, Sibsagar and Kalugaon. About south west of Sivasagar town by the side of National Highway-37, Bar Raja Phuleswari Konwari, the first wife of king Siba Sngha built three temples – Shiva dol, Vishnu dol and Devi dol on the bank of a big tank covering an area of including the banks. This big tank was dedicated in the name of 'Gauri' or 'Durga' for which it is known as Gaurisagar tank and the entire place is now known as Gaurisagar. She also had dug the Borpatra tank at Kalugaon beside the historical Jerenga Pathar in memory of her brother who happened to be a Borpatra Gohain during her regime. On the north-eastern side of that tank two temples, namely Bishnu Dol and Jagadhatri Dol were constructed on the bank of the tank named as Lakshmisagar Pukhuri. It was during his second wife Bar Raja Ambika's rule the Sibsagar tank, Bar Pukhuri, situated within the heart of Sivasagar town was dug. On its banks three temples were built in 1734 – the Sivadol, the Vishnudol and the Devidol. 
Many temples were also constructed by Swargadeo Siba Singha in Kamrup including Shripur Dewaloy (a Devi temple), Ballilecha Shri Shri Kali Dewaloy (a Kali temple), Jaypal Than, Basudev Dewaloy all located in present Nalbari district. In Sualkuchi he built the Sidheswar Dewaloy, a Shiva temple. 
At Aswaklanta, North Guwahati on the bank of the river Brahmaputra in 1720 Siba Singha built two big temples dedicated to Lord Janardana and Lord Vishnu. 
Siba Singha had the land surveyed in Kamrup and Bakata. The register, or Pera Kagaz, based on this survey of Kamrup was still used at the time of British occupation. This contained a list of all occupied lands, except homestead with their areas, and particular of all rent free estates. 
It was recorded that in 1739 four Europeans, whose names appear to have been Bill, Godwin, Lister, and Mill, visited King Siba Singha at Rangpur. The king met them at the principal gate of the city where, it is said, they did him homage by falling prostate at his feet.
Death.
Siva Singha died in 1744 and Pramatta Singha, the second son of Rudra Singha ascended the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="9828132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828132" title="Maviddapuram">
Maviddapuram

Maviddapuram () is a holy village in the Sri Lankan district of Jaffna under the Tellipalai divisional secretariat. It is near the Palali airport, Kankesanthurai harbour and Keerimalai coast which is famous for the Naguleswaram Shiva temple. So, it is a centre point and well connected to the Jaffna town by transport services before the late 1980s.
History of the name.
"Ma" means horse; "vidda" means removed; and "puram" is holy city. Maviddapuram is the holy city where the horse face of the Chola Princess Maruthapuraveegavalli changed to a human face when she prayed to Lord Naguleswara of Keerimalai and took bath in the holy theertha (water) of the temple with the advice of the Saint Nagula. This is the place where the famous Maviddapuram Kandaswamy temple is found. The statue of the God Muruga is presented by the above the Chola princess, making it in her own country. The old name of the place is Kovil Kadavai, which was changed into Maviddapuram after the above event.
Agriculture and Industries.
Before 1990, Maviddapuram had a cement factory which was one of the major producers of cement in Sri Lanka. It also had aluminum-container producing factory. The soil is red so it is suited to the cultivation of beetles, mangoes and jack fruits. This place is not a producer of rice.
At present, this is totally an army-controlled area and all the people are displaced. None of the industries functions there and no planting occurs.

</doc>
<doc id="9828160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828160" title="Ravensthorpe Airport">
Ravensthorpe Airport

Ravensthorpe Airport is an airport near Ravensthorpe, Western Australia. The airport is located south of Ravensthorpe and north of Hopetoun. The $5 million airport was opened on 5 December 2004, when the first flight landed. The airport is managed by the Shire of Ravensthorpe, and was built to support the local mine. The airport also received $17,000 in funds for security upgrades in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9828164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828164" title="Myx Music Award">
Myx Music Award

The MYX Music Awards is an accolade presented by the cable channel Myx to honor the biggest hitmakers in the Philippines. The awards ceremony is held annually and occurs most commonly in the month of March, and broadcast delayed on Myx. MYX viewers from all over the Philippines decide the winners in 17 major categories via SMS text messaging by 2010 it is 60% fan votes through internet and 40% artists votes.
Sarah Geronimo has the most wins in the history of the awards ceremony.
Award categories.
Competitive Awards.
Defunct Awards
Most awarded artist.
Sarah Geronimo and Parokya Ni Edgar holds the record for having the most awards in one single award's night with 6. Yeng Constantino comes second with 5 last Myx Music Awards 2011.
MYX Magna Awardee.
The MYX Magna Award is given annually to honor a music icon’s exemplary contribution to the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9828165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828165" title="Shockscape">
Shockscape

Shockscape is the eighteenth book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Ryan Cawdor, his son Dean, Krysty Wroth, J. B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, Mildred Wyeth, and Michael Brother arrive in an icy redoubt via a surprisingly pleasant MAT-TRANS jump. The redoubt is both small and thoroughly stripped, its only occupants a curious breed of concrete-burrowing albino worms in one small section of the facility. A minor situation occurs when a worm latches onto Dean while he is urinating, necessitating its careful removal by his father.
Using a sextant, J. B. places their location somewhere in Colorado. With no supplies in the redoubt the companions venture out into the snowy wilderness, making camp some distance away. That night they are briefly joined by a trio of poachers, who inform them they are on land belonging to Baron Alferd Nelson of the ville of Vista. They also ask the companions' assistance in hunting a large mutant bear in the area; the companions agree, but sneak away once the poachers are asleep, not wanting to potentially run afoul of a Baron. Unfortunately the group is set upon the next day by the bear in question, a monstrous -long Grizzly standing tall at the shoulder. With some difficulty they are able to kill it, the gunfire attracting the poachers. The gunfire also attracts Vista sec boss Rick Coburn and a contingent of his men. Coburn has the poachers executed, then takes Ryan and his friends prisoner and escorts them back to meet with the Baron. During the trip Ryan converses with Coburn, and assesses him as both extremely competent and (reluctantly) likeable.
Baron Nelson proves to be a large, powerfully built man, standing over tall. Initially he orders the group hanged, but quickly changes his mind when Coburn points out that there are women and a child in the group. At the urging of his dowager mother, Nelson confides that he recently lost his wife and son, his wife when he strangled her for adultery with members of a group of roaming "trappers", and his son being brutally tortured and killed by others of the same group. Nelson has since learned that the "trappers" were in the employ of Wizard Sidler, the Baron of nearby Yuma and son of the late former baron of Vista. Later that night Alferd has Ryan brought to him and requests Ryan travel to Yuma and bring back the men responsible for his son's death, along with Sidler. He also states he will be keeping Krysty, Mildred, and Dean in the ville. Should Ryan be successful in his task he says he will let everyone leave freely; should Ryan refuse the request or fail to execute it he will keep the women and child as his new family and have the rest executed. Ryan reluctantly agrees.
Elsewhere, Abe has traveled to see a Native American "seer", hoping she can help him track down the Trader. The woman is able to tell him that the Trader is far to the West, but also warns that three of Abe's friends - whose descriptions match Ryan, Krysty, and J. B. - are in grave danger.
The companions, minus Krysty, Mildred, and Dean, head North for Yuma, encountering a traveling group of actors along the way. When the actors reveal they are heading to Yuma the companions quickly offer to join with them, pretending that they have at least minimal acting experience. The ruse is seen through by the group's female performer, Ellie Morte, but she allows them to join anyway once Ryan assures her their purpose is not nefarious. Attached to the troupe, the companions enter Yuma virtually unchallenged.
Once in the ville J. B. begins to take scrupulous measures to ensure his face is never fully seen by anyone other than the group. Ryan suspects his behavior may have something to do with one of their targets, a man Nelson identified as "Jennison", but when pressed J. B. refuses to discuss the matter; he assures Ryan he will let him know the details once he is certain they are necessary to know, but that the issue is not important right now.
Ryan has little trouble locating his targets; he is almost immediately told to meet with Sidler at the ville's restored movie theater, and seated with the Baron are five of the six targets (the sixth is revealed to have died some months earlier). Following that meeting the companions begin to plan how they are going to capture Sidler and his group. The plan begins to take shape when Ryan learns that the play the troupe intends to perform includes a brief scene requiring audience participation. Because of the risks involved otherwise, the companions inform the troupe of their plans; the actors hesitantly agree to go along with the plot.
Wizard Sidler does not attend the play initially, claiming sickness, which delays the kidnapping and brings Ryan and his friends close to missing Baron Nelson's deadline. Finally word comes that Sidler will be attending, delivered in person by Sidler's associate Jim Jennison. J. B., still taking measures to obscure his face, is able to confirm his suspicions, and once Jennison leaves he shares them with the group: Jennison is his half-brother. He still emphatically supports the plan to kidnap Sidler and his men, particularly since his half-brother's purported misdeeds do not come as a surprise to him. That night the group pulls off the plan successfully, and narrowly makes it out of Yuma before the ville's sec men realize what has happened.
Back in Vista, Baron Nelson has been spending ample time with Dean, clearly using him as a surrogate for his deceased son but otherwise treating him nicely, even indulgently. It is only when the Baron's mother calls the three to a private audience with her that they realize the truth: the Baron does not intend to honor his agreement even if Ryan succeeds, and plans to kill the rest of the group on their return. Dean kills the woman while she tries to hold the three at gunpoint, and Krysty uses the dead woman's pistol to kill Alferd when he arrives and confronts them. Rick Coburn learns of what transpired, but decides not to do anything until the rest of the group's return.
During the trip back to Vista, Sidler manages to break free of his bindings and kills Ellie before he in turn is killed by Doc. The woman's death comes as a particular loss to Tanner, who had recently started a sexual relationship with her. Sometime later the wagon carrying the remaining captives is driven off the edge of the road amid a harsh snowstorm, sending it to the bottom of a craggy ravine. The captives arm themselves and escape, but are quickly killed by J. B. and Ryan. The last captive standing is Jennison, who demands J. B. let him go free; J. B. refuses, and shoots his half-brother dead. The companions then use the ruins of the wagon as a makeshift pyre for the members of the acting troupe, all killed during the escape.
By the time Ryan and his friends return to Vista, Rick Coburn has appointed himself Baron of the ville. Though he cannot simply let the companions go, owing to their direct involvement in the death of the previous Baron, Coburn gives them a two-hour head start after leaving the ville before he and his sec men come after them. The companions are able to make it to the redoubt with Coburn still trailing behind, but nearing. Ryan enters the standard door activation code, but the heavy metal blast door fails to open. After another failed attempt he curses as he realizes the door is not functional, and he and his friends now have nowhere to flee to as Rick Coburn and his armed posse nears.

</doc>
<doc id="9828166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828166" title="The Snax">
The Snax

The Snax, originally known as Tasty Snax, were a Christian ska punk group formed around in 1996 where longtime college friends David "Phoenix" Farrell (bass guitars) (currently residing with American rock band Linkin Park), Mark Fiore (lead vocals, before residing as Linkin Park's videographer/director for the song "Given Up"), Mark Keller (drums), and Eric Pffeifer (guitars). They disbanded in 2002, after a year and a half of touring.
History.
The band first entered Moonsong Studios in Riverside, CA late in 1998 to record their debut album "Run Joseph Run" with local producer Kendall Nadeau and mixer Bob Moon. The album was released via Screaming Giant Records to generally positive reviews early in 1999, and a follow-up album was planned. In early 2000, they entered Golden Track Studios in San Diego, CA to record their self-titled softmore album "SNAX", this time with producer and mixer Matt Wignall. The album was released again via Screaming Giant Records, but failed to pick up where "Run Joseph Run" had left off, and sold poorly.
The band went through a few line-up changes later in their career, with Eric Pffeifer being replaced by Ryan "Cheese" Marony after their first release. As Dave left to re-join Linkin Park in 2000, he was replaced by James "Jim" Roach of The Rosewood Fall. Mark Keller was also replaced by Daniel Patterson of The Rosewood Fall shortly after.
They are most famous for their 1999 track "Run Joseph Run", which became a hit throughout California. The video for which had heavy rotation in Vans outlets across the state, as well as being requested by MTV. Their bass guitarist, Dave Farrell is now famous as the bass guitarist for Alternative rock band Linkin Park. They regularly played live shows and were one of many regular acts at the Christian Music show, the Cornerstone Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9828168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828168" title="Uttaravalli">
Uttaravalli

Uttaravalli or Uttaravilli is a village in Merakamudidam mandal, Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Uttaravalli is the main village in Merakamudidam mandal. It has more prominence than the mandal headquarters. It is well known for Bananas.
There is a post office at Uttaravilli. Uttaravilli sub-post office working under Bobbili head office and Parvathipuram Divisional office.
Uttravilli (535124) has eight branch offices 1. Akulakatta 2. Gangannapadu 3. Kunayavalasa 4. Kusumuru 5. M.Ravivalasa 6. Nandigam 7. Rejeru 8. Vadada
Geography.
Uttaravilli is located at . It has an average elevation of 80 meters (265 feet).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9828169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828169" title="Slovakia's Next Top Model">
Slovakia's Next Top Model

"Slovakia's Next Top Model (retroactively Hľadá sa Supermodelka") is a Slovak reality television show which pits contestants against each other in a variety of competitions to determine who will win a modeling contract with "ELITE Model Management" Prague & Bratislava. Czech Top Model Simona Krainova equals the role of Tyra Banks from the original series.

</doc>
<doc id="9828183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828183" title="It's Only Talk">
It's Only Talk

"It's Only Talk" is a Japanese film, released in 2005 and is based on the prizewinning novel of the same title written by Akiko Itoyama and directed by Ryūichi Hiroki.
Plot summary.
""Kamata Town: not an ounce of chic..." "Perhaps I should move there..."" So begins Yuko's story.
"Yuko", is 35 years old; unemployed, single and is on medication to combat manic depression. There are a number of men in Yuko's life:
"Yuko" seems to create a different persona depending on whom she is talking to at the time. By the end of the movie, "Yuko" knows that she needs more than what Soichi and the other men in her life can give her. We all need a soft life -- the literal meaning of "Yawarakai Seikatsu" -- once in a while, but as Yuko discovers, there's also something to be said for this hard thing called reality.
Cast.
Shinobu Terajima as "Yuko".
As an actress, Ms. Terajima, is the embodiment of "the present" as well as of Japanese cinema. Her humorous and at times serious performance as "Yuko" shows us a glimpse of a new kind of woman: being alone, yet accepting what she may want to deny and soldiering on in life.
Etsushi Toyokawa plays Yuko's cousin, "Shoichi" who has a credible combination of good-heartedness and unreliability.
Shunsuke Matsuoka plays "Homma", Yuko's old time friend. Honma believes that true love can cure his impotence.
Tomorowo Taguchi plays a self-confessed pervert, ""K"". In normal life ""K"" is married and works as an architect.
Satoshi Tsumabuki plays "Noboru", the manic depressive gang member. Yuko meets him through the Internet.
Production.
Producer: Akira Morishige
Cinematographer: Kazuhiro Suzuki
Screenwriter: Haruhiko Arai
Original novel written by: Akiko Itoyama
"It's Only Talk'"s message.
"It's Only Talk "not only highlights the illness of manic depression, it also suggests ways to care for the patient. The film suggests that through tender loving care, and by acknowledging their reality, and seeking help as patients, people
suffering from manic depression could get better.

</doc>
<doc id="9828184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828184" title="Lake Ontario Ordnance Works">
Lake Ontario Ordnance Works

Lake Ontario Ordnance Works (LOOW), a large tract of land (approximately 7,500 acres) near Youngstown, New York, procurred in 1941 by the U. S. Federal Government, initially for use in the production of TNT during World War II. After about 1 year the production of TNT ceased. Later, a portion of this property was used between 1944-1946 as a storage area by the Chemical Warfare Service. Additionally, starting in February 1944, the Manhattan Engineering District (MED) used another section of this parcel for the storage of radioactive sludges. This waste was generated by the Linde Air Products "Ceramics Plant" located in Tonawanda, New York as a byproduct of uranium ore refining.

</doc>
<doc id="9828185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828185" title="Lakeside Speedway">
Lakeside Speedway

Lakeside Speedway is a dirt auto racing track located in Kansas City, Kansas. It features racing in Factory Stock, B-Modified, Grand National, and Modified categories. Racing at the track was the focus of the Discovery Channel series "Heartland Thunder" in 2010.
History.
The track originally opened on April 17, 1955 at 92nd and Leavenworth Road. However, three deaths during the 1956 racing season forced its closure. Lakeside Speedway reopened under new management in 1961 and continued at the Leavenworth Road location through 1988 when developers for The Woodlands dog & horse racing track purchased the property. Lakeside Speedway then moved to its present location at 5615 Wolcott Drive, also in Kansas City, Kansas. The move enabled not only construction of modern grandstands and a pressbox, but also provided room for an adjacent campground for racing fans. From 1989 to 1999 Lakeside operated as a half-mile asphalt track. In 2000, it was again under new management, which converted the speedway to a slightly-banked 3/8th mile dirt track. Flooding is an ongoing concern at the facility due to its close proximity to the Missouri River.
NASCAR connection.
Among the notable NASCAR drivers who have raced at Lakeside Speedway is Clint Bowyer. Bowyer still holds several records at the track.
Fan tragedy.
In August 2010 a racing fan from Arkansas was electrouted while walking through the campground adjacent to Lakeside Speedway.
Most wins(2000-2013).
This list includes point races only, no special races.
Drivers in bold currently race at Lakeside Speedway.
The numbers in parenthesis represent how many wins the driver has this season.
Updated through June 2, 2013
Sources: Lakesidespeedway.net (JRfan), Speednetdirect.com, & racinboys.com
Track championships.
Drivers in bold currently race at Lakeside Speedway.
Last updated September 27, 2013
Track champions year by year.
Last updated September 27, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="9828186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828186" title="Turin City Museum of Ancient Art">
Turin City Museum of Ancient Art

The Turin City Museum of Ancient Art (Italian: "Museo civico d'arte antica") is a museum located in the Palazzo Madama palace, in Turin, northern Italy. 
The museum has a rare collection of artifacts from Gandhara, coming from the Italian excavations of the IsMEO at the Butkara Stupa in Pakistan, as well as paintings from the medieval, Renaissance and Baroque periods. It was reopened in 2006 after several years of restorations.
History.
The museum was founded in 1934, as the heir of the Pinacoteca Regia and the Galleria Reale, which had been established in Palazzo Madama by king Charles Albert of Savoy in 1832. 
A Civic Museum had been founded in 1860 in the wake of the unification of Italy although, three years later, the collections were moved to another location in Turin, in Via Gaudenzio Ferrari. These were increased gradually with acquisitions from private collectors, from closed House of Savoy residences or from donations by the same family.
In 1898 the collections of ancient art were separated from modern ones. The former were moved to the current location in 1934 by will of director Vittorio Viale.
Description.
The museum includes a total of 35 rooms on four floors. The underground floor houses is dedicated to medieval works, the first floor to Gothic and Renaissance painting, the second floor to Baroque works, while the upper floor deals with decorations.
Aside from paintings and sculptures, works exhibited include also illuminated codexes (such as the Turin-Milan Hours), ceramics, porcelains, majolica and ivories (mostly of oriental origin), gold and silver works, as well as a furniture and cloths.
The 15th century Torre dei Tesori ("Tower of the Treasures") is home to several of the museum most known works: Antonello da Messina's "Trivulzio Portrait", the Turin-Milan Hours and several objects from Charles Emmanuel I's cabinet. Other works include a series of sculptures of "Dead Christ", paintings by Macrino d'Alba, Giacomo Jaquerio, Giovanni Martino Spanzotti, Defendente Ferrari, Antonio Vivarini, Giulio Campi, Gaudenzio Ferrari, Gandolfino da Roreto, Gerolamo Giovenone, Francesco Hayez, sculptures and goldsmith works from the 8th-13th centuries, Piedmontese coats of arms.
The "Camera delle Guardie" ("Guards Chambers") houses Baroque paintings by artists such as Orazio Gentileschi ("Assumption" and "St. Jerome"), Giovanni Battista Crespi, Giulio Cesare Procaccini and Francesco Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="9828188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828188" title="Jacob's Well, Bristol">
Jacob's Well, Bristol

Jacob's Well in Cliftonwood, Bristol, England is an early mediaeval structure thought to be a Jewish ritual bath.
The stone structure is built round a natural hot spring and on a lintel there is an inscription thought to be the Hebrew word "zochalim", "flowing". This led to the theory that this was a mikveh or Jewish ritual bath. The interpretation of the inscription has been challenged and the alternative theory proposed that the bath is too deep for a mikvah and may have been used to cleanse bodies before burial in a Jewish cemetery at Brandon Hill – there was a small Jewish community in Bristol from about 1100.
The spring became the property of St Augustine's Abbey in 1142 and the exterior was rebuilt in the 18th or 19th century. Jacob's Well was rediscovered in 1987 and is now a scheduled ancient monument.
In February 2011, the company that now owns the well applied to the Environment Agency to extract and bottle up to 15 million litres (3.3 million imperial gallons) of water a year.
Water from the well was previously bottled and sold in the 1980s. 

</doc>
<doc id="9828224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828224" title="Raoul (founder of Vaucelles Abbey)">
Raoul (founder of Vaucelles Abbey)

Raoul, founder of Vaucelles Abbey or Saint Raoul (a/k/a San Raul, St. Radolph or Dom Rodulphe) (+1152) is a saint of the Catholic Church who founded the famous monastery of Vaucelles in France. Raoul was an English Benedictine monk who became a follower of St. Bernard of Clairvaux (who founded the Cistercian order).
St. Bernard sent Raoul, a "fervent monk", in 1132 to found a monastery at Vaucelles, located in the northwest of France, near Cambrai. By 1145, Raoul had succeeded in building the Abbaye de Vaucelles, which over the years grew to hold several hundred monks and became the most largest Cistercian abbey of Europe. The restored cloister remains today. Raoul served as abbot for twenty years until his death in 1152. With his monks he dedicated himself to prayer, reading of the sacred books and to teaching agriculture. 
As part of his devotions, Saint Raoul said the following prayers daily: (1) Miserere: Have mercy on me, Lord, I am a sinner, (2) the Alleluia and (3) the Te Deum or Thanks be to God. Blessed be God.
Canonized for his rectitude and austerity in 1179, St. Raoul can be celebrated liturgically on December 30.

</doc>
<doc id="9828236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828236" title="Aclerdidae">
Aclerdidae

Aclerdidae are a family of Coccoidea, the scale insects. They are usually found on grasses, sucking sap from the stem, inside the leaf sheaths.

</doc>
<doc id="9828249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828249" title="Augustus Alt">
Augustus Alt

Baron Augustus Theodore Harman Alt von Hesse-Kassel (1731 – 9 January 1815) was a British soldier and Australia's first Surveyor-General.
Early life.
Augustus Theodore Harman Alt was born to father Jost Heinrich (anglicised to Just Henry), a Hessian, and mother Jeannetta Preston, a Scotswoman, probably in London, but possibly overseas, in 1731. Just Henry entered the service of the Landgrave in Sweden as Writer to Major General Ernst Hartmann von Diemar, with whom he moved to London in 1725 as Registrar. Henry successively became Secretary, Private Secretary, Counsellor, Minister, and, 1760, Privy Counsellor, until his death in 1768. In later life he assumed the title "Baron of Hesse-Kassel," though its provenance is unclear as the title "Baron" was never awarded by the German Emperor. Nonetheless, a grant of arms was later awarded to the family by the British monarch.
Augustus was the third eldest of at least seven children, four boys and three girls, and possibly nine if another reported brother and sister are included.
Career.
By 1755 Augustus was Ensign in the 8th (The King's) Regiment of Foot. In 1757 as Lieutenant he accompanied Sir John Mordaunt's expedition to Rochefort, France. From 1760 during the Seven Years' War he served as aide-de-camp to General Henry Seymour Conway, and appears to have liaised with Prince Ferdinand. He ended up at the siege of Kassel in 1762, returning with the regiment in 1763, thereafter assisting it to build roads in Scotland until 1764. During late 1777 he helped raise the 72nd Regiment of Foot (Royal Manchester Volunteers) and served with that regiment at the Great Siege of Gibraltar, being appointed assistant Engineer there by Governor George Eliott in 1779. In 1781, he joined Colonel James Francis Erskine in trying to raise a battalion of Swiss Chasseurs for service with the East India Company. The venture was stopped by the Swiss authorities with Augustus and fellow officers being jailed for several months. In 1785, he was engineer for another thwarted venture with Erskine to assist the Polish adventurer Count Maurice Benyovszky found a settlement in Madagascar.
Surveyor General of New South Wales.
In 1787, Alt was appointed Surveyor of Lands for Britain's proposed penal colony on the newly claimed Australian continent. Later that year he embarked aboard the convict transport "Prince of Wales" with the First Fleet under Commodore Arthur Phillip. They arrived at Botany Bay in mid-January 1788 and shortly after moved to Port Jackson, landing on 26 January 1788. On arrival, Alt supervised the Fleet convicts in clearing the ground for the establishment of the first colonial buildings in Sydney Cove.
Soon after his arrival in New South Wales Augustus laid out the settlements of Albion (later Sydney), Parramatta and Tongabby (later Toongabbie), as well as surveying early land-grants and compiling the records of these. Ill health incapacitated him early on and he had asked to be relieved in 1791, although he did not retire from active duty until 1797. He was officially relieved on half-pay in 1802 and succeeded by his deputy, surveyor Charles Grimes.
At first, in his official capacity as he lived in the town of Sydney, then for many years afterwards on a large land grant, 'Hermitage Farm', at Ashfield about seven miles west (and now an inner western suburb). It is said that he moved to Parramatta c1810, or a little later. He died there on 9 January 1815. He had two children, Lucy and Henry, by convict Ann George but never married her. Ann died in 1814. Lucy died as a teenager in 1806. Henry, aged 17, left the colony at the end of 1815 on the ship "Northampton" bound for China, but nothing further is known of him. Augustus is buried at the Anglican St. John's graveyard, Parramatta, with a table monument giving full, if slightly incorrect, biographical details set down later by his nephew Matthew Bowles Alt, son of Just Alt, long-time rector at Mixbury, Oxon.

</doc>
<doc id="9828254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828254" title="Mysteryfunk">
Mysteryfunk

Mysteryfunk is the first EP by Garage A Trois released in 1999. It is a 45 rpm 12-inch vinyl record. The recordings were taken completely improvised, live and with no overdubs, or samples at Magazine Studios during the February 1998 recording of Stanton Moore's debut solo release "All Kooked Out!".

</doc>
<doc id="9828260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828260" title="David Kelly (cricketer)">
David Kelly (cricketer)

David Patrick Kelly (born 29 March 1979) in Dunedin, Otago. He is a New Zealand cricketer who played for the Central Districts Stags in the 2000-01 when they won the Shell Cup. His highest first-class is the 212 not out when he carrying the bat for the Central Districts Stags against the Canterbury Wizards at Horton Park, Blenheim in the 2000-01.

</doc>
<doc id="9828262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828262" title="Richmond Airport">
Richmond Airport

Richmond Airport is 2 miles northwest of Richmond, Queensland, Australia. It is operated by the Richmond Shire Council.
Facilities.
The airport is above sea level and has one asphalt runway, 09/27, long.

</doc>
<doc id="9828265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828265" title="Doctor–patient relationship">
Doctor–patient relationship

The doctor–patient relationship is central to the practice of healthcare and is essential for the delivery of high-quality health care in the diagnosis and treatment of disease. The doctor–patient relationship forms one of the foundations of contemporary medical ethics. Most universities teach students from the beginning, even before they set foot in hospitals, to maintain a professional rapport with patients, uphold patients’ dignity, and respect their privacy.
Importance.
A patient must have confidence in the competence of their physician and must feel that they can confide in him or her. For most physicians, the establishment of good rapport with a patient is important. Some medical specialties, such as psychiatry and family medicine, emphasize the physician-patient relationship more than others, such as pathology or radiology.
The quality of the patient-physician relationship is important to both parties. The better the relationship in terms of mutual respect, knowledge, trust, shared values and perspectives about disease and life, and time available, the better will be the amount and quality of information about the patient's disease transferred in both directions, enhancing accuracy of diagnosis and increasing the patient's knowledge about the disease. Where such a relationship is poor the physician's ability to make a full assessment is compromised and the patient is more likely to distrust the diagnosis and proposed treatment, causing decreased compliance to actually follow the medical advice. In these circumstances and also in cases where there is genuine divergence of medical opinions, a "second opinion" from another physician may be sought or the patient may choose to go to another physician. 
Michael Balint pioneered the study of the physician patient relationship in the UK with his wife Enid Balint resulting in the publication of the seminal book "The Doctor, His Patient and the Illness." Balint's work is continued by The American Balint Society in the United States, The International Balint Federation and other national Balint societies in other countries.
Aspects of relationship.
The following aspects of the doctor–patient relationship are the subject of commentary and discussion.
Informed consent.
The default medical practice for showing respect to patients is for the doctor to be truthful in informing the patient of their health and to be direct in asking for the patient's consent before giving treatment. Historically in many cultures there has been a shift from paternalism or "doctor knows best" to the idea that patients must have a choice in the provision of their care, and be given the right to make informed consent to medical procedures. There can be issues with how to handle informed consent in a doctor-patient relationship, for instance, with patients who don't want to know the truth about their condition. There are ethical concerns regarding the use of placebo and whether or not giving a placebo leads to an undermining of trust between doctor and patient and whether deceiving a patient for their own good is compatible with a respectful and consent-based doctor-patient relationship.
Shared decision making.
Shared decision making is the idea that as a patient gives informed consent to treatment, that person also is given an opportunity to choose among the treatment options according to their own treatment goals and wishes. A practice which is an alternative to this is for the doctor to make a person's health decisions without considering that person's treatment goals or having that person's input into the decision-making process.
Physician superiority.
The physician may be viewed as superior to the patient, because the physician has the knowledge and credentials, and is most often the one that is on home ground. 
The physician-patient relationship is also complicated by the patient's suffering ("patient" derives from the Latin "patior", "suffer") and limited ability to relieve it on his/her own, potentially resulting in a state of desperation and dependency on the physician.
A physician should at least be aware of these disparities in order to establish rapport and optimize communication with the patient. It may be further beneficial for the doctor-patient relationship to have a form of shared care with patient empowerment to take a major degree of responsibility for her or his care.
Benefiting or pleasing.
A dilemma may arise in situations where determining the most efficient treatment, or encountering avoidance of treatment, creates a disagreement between the physician and the patient, for any number of reasons. In such cases, the physician needs strategies for presenting unfavorable treatment options or unwelcome information in such a way that minimizes strain on the doctor-patient relationship while benefiting the patient's overall physical health and best interests.
Formal or casual.
There may be differences in opinion between the doctor and patient in how formal or casual the doctor-patient relationship should be.
For instance, according to a Scottish study, patients want to be addressed by their first name more often than is currently the case. In this study, most of the patients either liked (223) or did not mind (175) being called by their first names. Only 77 disliked it, most of whom were aged over 65. On the other hand, most patients don't want to call the doctor by his or her first name.
Some familiarity with the doctor generally makes it easier for patients to talk about intimate issues such as sexual subjects, but for some patients, a very high degree of familiarity may make the patient reluctant to reveal such intimate issues.
Transitional care.
Transitions of patients between health care practitioners may decrease the quality of care in the time it takes to reestablish proper doctor-patient relationships. Generally, the doctor-patient relationship is facilitated by continuity of care in regard to attending personnel. Special strategies of integrated care may be required where multiple health care providers are involved, including "horizontal integration" (linking similar levels of care, e.g. multiprofessional teams) and "vertical integration" (linking different levels of care, e.g. primary, secondary and tertiary care).
Other people present.
An example of where other people present in a doctor-patient encounter may influence their communication is one or more parents present at a minor's visit to a doctor. These may provide psychological support for the patient, but in some cases it may compromise the doctor-patient confidentiality and inhibit the patient from disclosing uncomfortable or intimate subjects.
When visiting a health provider about sexual issues, having both partners of a couple present is often necessary, and is typically a good thing, but may also prevent the disclosure of certain subjects, and, according to one report, increases the stress level.
Bedside manner.
A good bedside manner is typically one that reassures and comforts the patient while remaining honest about a diagnosis. Vocal tones, body language, openness, presence, and concealment of attitude may all affect bedside manner. Poor bedside manner leaves the patient feeling unsatisfied, worried, frightened, or alone. Bedside manner becomes difficult when a healthcare professional must explain an unfavorable diagnosis to the patient, while keeping the patient from being alarmed.
An example of how body language affects patient perception of care is that the time spent with the patient in the emergency department is perceived as longer if the doctor sits down during the encounter.

</doc>
<doc id="9828292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828292" title="Api Nodanna Live">
Api Nodanna Live

Api Nodanna Live was a 30-minute Sri Lankan comedy sketch television show that was broadcast by Sirasa TV. It starred (the then relatively unknown) Gaminda Priyaviraj and Suneth Chithrananda as Podi Malli & Chooti Malli.
The sequel of ALA (an abbreviation for Api Nodanna Live) started on 18 February 2008. It was directed by Gaminda Priyaviraj, and was written by both Priyaviraj and Chithrananda. The show became the most popular on Sri Lanka at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="9828364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828364" title="Claudia Lamb">
Claudia Lamb

Claudia Lamb is an actress who is best known for portraying Heather Hartman in the soap opera "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman", and the show's sequel "Forever Fernwood".
Later, Lamb became a talk radio show host, hosting programs in Kansas City, Missouri (at KCMO (AM)) and at KHOW-AM in Denver, Colorado. Her shows were moderate to liberal in nature. Later, she became a radio traffic reporter for radio station KOA in Denver. In 2005, she became a news reporter for KLIV in San Jose, California. Claudia was also a PIO for the Colorado Traffic Management Center in Denver and wrote articles on traffic management for their online webzine, "CoTrip Quarterly", which has since ceased publication. 
Currently, Lamb worked as a producer for the afternoon news at KGO (AM) in San Francisco until November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9828373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828373" title="Deep Empire">
Deep Empire

Deep Empire is the nineteenth book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Picking up directly from the events at the end of "Shockscape", Ryan Cawdor, his son Dean, Krysty Wroth, J.B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, Mildred Wyeth, and Michael Brother find themselves trapped at the exterior entrance of a redoubt somewhere south of Yuma, Colorado. The group is being pursued by a posse headed by Rick Coburn, sec boss of the nearby ville of Vista, intent on killing them for the death of the ville's Baron. Safety lies within the redoubt, but the exterior keypad which operates the redoubt's main doors is not functioning. Ryan makes the decision to scale the mountain the redoubt is built into, with the intent of reaching a section of corridor which has been opened to the elements following an earthquake.
Ryan scales the steep mountain and makes it inside, taking more than a half hour to recover from the subzero climb. He then makes his way into the redoubt, carefully moving past a hive of mutated albino worms, previously shown to be carnivorous and capable of burrowing through solid concrete. At this point he is attacked by Coburn, who has followed Ryan's ascent into the redoubt. The two spar hand-to-hand, finding themselves evenly matched. When Coburn pulls a gun (shortly before Ryan was going to pull a knife) the noise rouses the nearby mutant worms, who swarm Coburn and devour him alive. Ryan opens the entrance door and lets his friends into the redoubt; the companions then make a jump in the redoubt's MAT-TRANS chamber.
The jump takes them to a somewhat damaged redoubt, which all describe as being unnaturally humid. The reason for this is soon discovered: the bulk of the facility appears to have become submerged, leaving only the MAT-TRANS facility above water. The companions exit through a partially submerged, open tunnel, finding themselves on a chain of islands; using his sextant, J.B. places them on the Florida Keys. The group is alarmed to discover that Michael, who earlier revealed that he cannot swim, has not surfaced. They briefly search for him, only to find him when a gigantic sea serpent emerges from the bay, clutching Michael. Inexplicably, Michael is rescued when a large group of dolphins appear and swarm the serpent, causing it to drop him and scaring it off. Michael is shaken, but okay.
The companions venture south, and eventually come across a seemingly intact facility identified as the Mark Tomwun Institute of Peaceful Oceanographic Research. The group soon learn from the facility's eponymous leader that the dolphins which rescued Michael came from the Institute, and furthermore are startled to learn that one of the Institute's members, Miranda, is able to speak with the dolphins directly. Tomwun offers the companions hospitality and a place to stay, which they accept.
Several days pass, and the Institute seems perfect: peaceful, safe, with ample food and comfortable lodging. Some of the companions, particularly Ryan and J.B., are nonetheless suspicious, but initially have no evidence to base their suspicions on. This changes on an evening when Ryan is attacked by a Seminole Indian, mistaking him for a member of the Institute. Later on an Institute trip to observe ocean phenomena, Ryan is tipped overboard by an undersea volcanic eruption, and washes ashore a large distance from the rest of the group. On his trek back to the Institute he comes across a shipwrecked Seminole vessel, its hull breached by explosives and its merchant crew slaughtered. Ryan confronts Tomwun with these pieces of information, at gunpoint, upon his return.
Tomwun confesses that the boat was indeed sunk by the Institute, or rather their trained dolphins carrying explosives. He assures Ryan that the sinking was a mistake, and the intended target was the man who he asserts slaughtered the crew: Red Jack Yoville, leader of a large band of pirates. Yoville has been capturing and pillaging settlements in the area, and Tomwun feared the Institute would be next. Disgusted with Tomwun's tactics and relative apathy over the deaths of the Seminole merchants, Ryan still agrees to spare his life and the lives of the Institute's other occupants; the companions leave for the redoubt the next morning. On the way they come across an encampment of pirates, and when surprised by a pirate returning from urinating have no choice but to open fire on the encampment. The companions survive without injury, but are unable to prevent some of the pirates from escaping, presumably to warn the rest of their group. The companions reason that the pirates will likely set up ambushes further north, and reluctantly head back to the Institute.
Meanwhile, Abe has been following the Trader towards the west coast, hearing repeated tales of a man matching the Trader's description. After spending several days holed up against a snowstorm Abe comes across a wandering hunter, who tells him he has a letter for Abe from the Trader. The note recounts several events in Abe's immediate past, including a fight with a mutated bobcat, and ends telling Abe that the Trader is trying to leave his old life behind, but will still be happy to see Abe if he catches up with him.
Back in Florida, Ryan and Tomwun come to an agreement: Ryan and his friends will stay for five days, during which time they will defend the Institute should the pirates attack. Scouting missions during the first four days reveal nothing, save for a peculiar race of mutants living in a near-immaculate Best Western hotel on a southern island. When Ryan and Krysty return from scouting the island, they learn that a group of eight pirates—a scouting party—attacked the Institute and were repelled. The next day Yoville himself arrives in a wag under a white flag of truce. Yoville tells Ryan that the two have met previously when Ryan was traveling with the Trader, and offers Ryan a deal: Ryan and his friends will leave unharmed while the pirates raid the Institute (and kill its inhabitants). Remembering his previous encounter with Yoville, specifically an ambush attempt by the pirate leader, Ryan refuses the offer, and shoots the two accompanying pirate commanders dead. Yoville retreats.
The next day at dawn the pirates attack en masse, coming over land with war wags and armed men as well as by boat from the north and south. The group is prepared for the wags, and detonates a large gasoline incendiary device as they cross the bridge, disabling the wags and killing a large number of pirates. The companions struggle for a way to deal with the approaching boats, but have the problem taken care of when a sudden earthquake causes waves large enough to tip them over. Unfortunately the earthquake does not stop, evidently not a simple quake but something cataclysmic. Tomwun attempts to stop the group from leaving, only to be shot by Ryan. As the companions leave they watch a mortally wounded Tomwun fall into a newly opened fissure, and further fissures destroy the remains of the Institute.
The companions quickly overtake the fleeing Yoville, and with his approach masked by the continuing earthquake Ryan gets close to the man and kills him. Ryan and his friends then use Yoville's single remaining vehicle to head for the redoubt. Though hampered by shifting, treacherous terrain, they make it to the facility. Before entering the still-submerged entrance the group notes the source of the earthquake: a visible and gigantic volcanic eruption roughly 50 miles from shore. Doc notes that the force has generated a massive tsunami headed their way; the group quickly swims into the redoubt, which is barely functioning. As Ryan closes the doors to the MAT-TRANS chamber the lights begin to dim, and he soon realizes something is wrong with the jump he has just initiated.
Cultural references.
Characters in the novel reference several water-themed films, including Jaws (film) and Creature from the Black Lagoon, the latter being used to describe the mutants found inhabiting the isolated Best Western.

</doc>
<doc id="9828385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828385" title="Roma Airport">
Roma Airport

Roma Airport is an airport located northwest of Roma, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9828399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828399" title="Pascagoula metropolitan area">
Pascagoula metropolitan area

The Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the southeastern corner of Mississippi that covers two counties - Jackson and George. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 150,564. The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 155,603. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady population growth. It is also part of the larger Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 150,564 people, 54,418 households, and 41,014 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 77.13% White, 19.34% African American, 0.32% Native American, 1.39% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.73% from other races, and 1.05% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.07% of the population.
There were 54,418 households out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.16.
In the MSA the population was spread out with 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $36,924, and the median income for a family was $42,239. Males had a median income of $33,286 versus $21,656 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $16,053.

</doc>
<doc id="9828446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828446" title="Cold Asylum">
Cold Asylum

Cold Asylum is the twentieth book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Ryan Cawdor, his son Dean, Krysty Wroth, J.B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, Mildred Wyeth, and Michael Brother begin a MAT-TRANS jump in a decaying redoubt, only for the jump to go awry part-way through. When they awake they each find themselves alone in a distinctly separate redoubt, with the exception of Dean and Krysty who were in close contact when the jump occurred. Individually they explore the outer control rooms of their respective redoubts, only to all decide (for varying reasons) to jump again; all decide to jump within the 30 minute "return window", which under normal circumstances will return them to the last facility they jumped from. Instead they are all sent to a different facility, presumably because their initial jump point has ceased to function.
Though the companions are all sent to the same facility, their arrival is staggered in 20 minute increments. Ryan arrives first and proceeds through the facility, followed (unknowingly) by J.B. who in turn is followed (also unknowingly) by Mildred. Ryan discovers the top floor of the redoubt houses a massive wartime mortuary which has recently been invaded by hostile "cannies". Though of little relative threat, Ryan is nonetheless forced to open fire on an attacking group of cannies. J.B. immediately recognizes the sound of Ryan's blaster and rushes to his aid, with Mildred meeting up with the two soon after the firefight concludes.
Meanwhile, Krysty and Dean have arrived at the redoubt and waited long enough to greet Michael as he jumps in. They proceed to the top floor and reunite with the rest of the group, unaware that Doc Tanner has arrived some time after them. Doc's mental stability has been temporarily impaired owing to the stress of his initial destination combined with back-to-back jumps, and in this state he mistakenly comes face-to-face with a large group of cannies. The ensuing battle draws his nearby friends to him, who help kill the remaining cannies and save Doc from certain death.
Reunited, the companions explore the redoubt, finding several warehouse-sized rooms filled with innumerable refrigerated corpses, slowly being raided and used for food by the cannies. Doc refuses to let the corpses be used for food, locates the environmental control room, and increases the ambient temperature as far as the system will allow. The long-frozen bodies quickly begin to rot, and Ryan and his friends leave the facility as fast as possible.
The area outside proves to be a hilly pine forest, which causes both Mildred and Doc to doubt J.B. when his sextant places them somewhere in Kansas; he asserts that he is correct. The argument is moot and the companions enjoy several hours of relative peace and favorable conditions. Sometime later a horse-mounted hunting party is spotted in the distance, causing the companions to hide. Initially suspecting it to be a deer hunt, the companions soon learn it is a manhunt. The fleeing man is caught a short distance from Ryan and his friends, then brutally executed at the order of a beautiful, raven-haired woman. Before the hunters can leave Dean falls from his hiding place, forcing Ryan and his friends to reveal themselves. The woman is introduced as Mistress Marie Mandeville, the daughter of the local Baron; she orders Ryan and his friends to accompany her back to the ville. Along the way Doc nearly drowns while crossing a raging river and is rescued by Ryan, but loses his LeMat Revolver in the process.
Meanwhile in the ville of Andromeda, somewhere near the Cific Ocean, Abe is continuing his search for Trader. While at a bar he is set upon by three men, scavengers who mistakenly believe he has a map to a cache of pre-dark technology, and intend to interrogate him for the information. Though outnumbered and caught unprepared, he is saved when the three men are shot dead. His savior is none other than the Trader. Reunited, the two begin to travel together, and eventually start offering payment for any traveler willing to carry a message for either J.B. or Ryan, should they come across either. The message simply states that Abe has found the Trader, and the two will be near Seattle for the next three months.
Back in Kansas, the Baron, Nathan Mandeville, greets the companions warmly and shows them great hospitality, offering them fine food and comfortable lodgings. Nonetheless there is a subtle undertone of something sinister in the Baron's attitude, further emphasized by veiled, ambiguous warnings from the ville's sec boss, Harry Guiteau, as well as the extreme security measures in place throughout the ville. The following day the companions are invited to participate in a series of public, competitive challenges, which they accept. The first challenge pits Michael against the ville's jailer, Jericho, in unarmed wrestling. Michael wins the first bout, only to be sucker-punched by Jericho as her readies for the next round. Angered, Michael crushes Jericho's larynx, then finishes him with a bone-breaking kick to the face. The death attracts the immediate attention of Mistress Marie, who appears to orgasm watching Michael kill the larger man. The remainder of the competition is spent with Michael seated by her side, the two touching intimately and at one point with Marie possibly giving Michael a handjob. At the end of the day's events Mistress Marie leaves for her quarters with Michael at her side.
While the other companions eat dinner and, later, return to their rooms, Michael and Marie spend time alone in her room. Both are drunk, and in this state Marie mentions that she will keep Michael "safe"; Michael briefly realizes this implies his friends will "not" be safe. The two then proceed to have sex for several hours, with Mistress Marie variously biting him, performing fellatio, engaging in vaginal intercourse, having Michael perform cunnilingus on her, and ordering him to kiss her boots and suck her boot heels in order to "show you'll do what I tell you." While this happens Marie plays a collection of custom vids, which start with relatively benign subjects such as bondage, group sex, and pegging, but move on to darker subjects such as bestiality, eventually culminating in a vid showing Mistress Marie disemboweling a pre-teen boy, to her both recorded and live sexual pleasure. Michael reacts by simultaneously punching Marie and vomiting in her face, and flees for his friends' rooms.
After Michael tells his friends what he witnessed, the group makes an attempt to leave the ville, only to be stopped by a large contingent of sec men led by Marie. The companions are disarmed and escorted back to their rooms. The following day Ryan concludes they are going to be hunted for sport, which Marie confirms. The companions are given only their bladed weapons and a 15 minute start. Rather than hopelessly trying to reach the redoubt, Ryan and his friends circle around and re-enter the ville from the back just as the hunting party, consisting of most of the ville's sec men, leave from the front. The companions disable the ville's hydroelectric generator, then make their way into the Baron's armory to recover their weapons. In the process Doc discovers and takes a replica LeMat, chambered for more common, modern ammo. With the sec men fast approaching J.B. rigs the armory with a timed explosive and the group flees downstairs; the ensuing explosion kills most of the sec men and starts a massive fire. Baron Nathan is killed by Doc, while Marie seeks cover and Guiteau takes Dean hostage, using him as a human shield. Mildred takes careful aim, shooting off Guiteau's trigger finger and then killing him with a shot between the eyes once Dean is clear. Michael declares he will deal with Marie himself, calmly approaches her while she tries (and fails) to shoot him, and after exchanging some brief, unheard words with the woman, he snaps her neck. The companions then leave for the redoubt.
The thawed bodies in the upper floors of the redoubt have rotted thoroughly, causing most of the cannies to die of starvation. After making their way through the near-unbearable stench the companions arrive at the MAT-TRANS chamber. Everyone links hands, lest they be sent to separate locations, and Ryan closes the door to start the jump.
Cultural references.
Baron Mandeville's private art gallery features works from many famous artists. Named artists include Alan Burgess, Georgia O'Keeffe, Pablo Picasso, Andrew Wyeth, and Andy Warhol.

</doc>
<doc id="9828477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828477" title="Eumorpha typhon">
Eumorpha typhon

The Typhon sphinx ("Eumorpha typhon") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives from Honduras north through Mexico to southern Arizona. 
The wingspan is 57-64 mm. The upperside of the wings is deep red-brown with pale brown bands. Each hindwing has a pink patch along the costal margin and a triangular white spot on the outer part of the inner margin. Adults are on wing from June to August in the northern part of the range. Adults feed on the nectar of various flowers.
The larvae feed on various grape species. Pupation takes place in shallow soil.

</doc>
<doc id="9828502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828502" title="Roger-Bernard III, Count of Foix">
Roger-Bernard III, Count of Foix

Roger-Bernard III (1243 – 3 March 1302) was the Count of Foix from 1265 to his death. He was the son of Roger IV of Foix and Brunissende of Cardona. He entered into conflicts with both Philip III of France and Peter III of Aragon, who held him in captivity for a time. He was nevertheless a distinguished poet and troubadour.
Conflict with Philip III.
His conflict with Philip III was rooted in the longstanding desire of the French monarchy to establish its authority in Languedoc, where, since the 10th century, it had been practically a nonentity. In 1272, Roger-Bernard allied with Gerald VI, Count of Armagnac to attack the lord of Sompuy, who, however, applied for protection to the king. This brought the king and the count into direct opposition. Ignoring the royal command, the two counts went to war. Philip, claiming rights as the heir of his uncle Alfonso of Poitou, invaded Languedoc at the head of a large army. Roger-Bernard fled to his castle at Foix and the Seneschal of Toulouse, Eustache de Beaumarchès, seized his lands.
Roger-Bernard, meanwhile, placed himself under the competing protection of James I of Aragon, who endeavoured to negotiate a peace. Roger-Bernard, however, demanded harsh and unacceptable conditions. On 3 June, King Philip began the siege of Foix and on 5 June, the citadel fell by the work of the sappers in tearing down its defensive walls. Roger-Bernard surrendered and was carted off to prison in Carcassonne.
The dispute between James and Philip, however, did not immediately abate. The former refused to relinquish what he held on behalf of the imprisoned count. On 8 February 1273, the conflict was resolved and the king of Aragon gave up his claims. Before the end of that year, the count of Foix was released and did homage to the king of France, receiving back a portion of his confiscated lands. Roger-Bernard's relationship with Philip III was thereafter solid, with Philip even considering him his "most loyal and faithful vassal" in December 1277.
War of the Navarrese Succession.
On the death of Henry I of Navarre in 1274, a dispute arose over the succession to that small kingdom. Henry's heir was his daughter Joanna, wife of Philip the Fair, then heir-apparent of Philip III. The Aragonese, however, opposed her succession, which would have put the French in control of Navarre. In order to secure Joanna and Philip's rightful inheritance, Roger-Bernard led a French army into Navarre in September 1276. He took the capital city of Pamplona by force and razed it. In gladful compensation for this, Philip III restored all the count's remaining territories south of the Pas de La Barre.
Formation of Andorra.
Perhaps the most lasting of Roger-Bernard's policies was his diplomatic agreement with the bishop of Urgell concerning the possession of Andorra, a small montane territory with a long history of quarrels over its lordship between bishop and count. On 8 September 1278, after long negotiations, the count and the bishop concluded a paréage, a form of condominium, over the disputed country. Though slightly modified a little later (the same year), the paréage remains the governing system of Andorra to this day, though the office of Count of Foix has devolved to the Presidency of France since that time.
Conflict with Aragon.
In Spring 1280, the long-stewing conflict between Roger-Bernard and Peter of Aragon broke out into open rebellion. The count of Foix formed a coalition of other dissatisfied Catalan nobles, including Arnold Roger I of Pallars Sobirà and Ermengol X of Urgell, and revolted against Peter. Besieged in Balaguer, he was forced to surrender on 22 July and was imprisoned. While the other leaders of the revolt were released the next year, Roger-Bernard languished in an Aragonese dungeon until December 1283, at which time it was politically expedient to free him in exchange for the viscounty of Castelbon in an effort to stave off French aggression in the form of the so-called "Aragonese Crusade."
Roger-Bernard, however, was not beholden to the then-excommunicate king of Aragon and readily sided with the invading French. First, on 25 May 1285, Elne and then, on 7 September, Girona surrendered to their French besiegers, Raimond-Roger, brother of the Count of Pallars Sobirà, negotiating the surrenders with the count of Foix.
Relationship with Philip IV.
In 1290, Roger-Bernard tried to stop the seneschals of Toulouse and Carcassonne from interfering in his internal affairs, such as the administration of justice and the collection of taxes. Philip the Fair, now King of France, refused to call off his functionaries and diminish his own authority in the south and was thus forced to confiscate two of the count's castles as punishment for his disobedience and lack of cooperation with the crown. Nonetheless, in 1293, the king finally intervened to order the seneschal of Carcassonne to leave the count of Foix's matters to the count of Foix. In 1295, Philip made the count Governor of Gascony and, on 29 April, ordered the seneschal to return the confiscated castles of 1290.
In 1295, Roger-Bernard alleged that the seneschal was levying taxes without his consent or permission to finance the war with England. As a means of paying the count back for these imposts, Philip granted him castles in July 1295 and 1298.
When Bernard Saisset, bishop of Pamiers, was inciting the people of Toulouse to revolt, it was to Roger-Bernard that he went looking for a leader. He was refused and the count informed the king.
Inheritance of Béarn.
In 1252, Roger-Bernard married Margaret of Montcada, the eldest daughter of Gaston VII of Béarn and Bertha of Bigorre. In his will, Gaston declared Margaret to be his heir, which was generally accepted, though not by his second daughter Mathe and her husband Gerard VI of Armagnac. Later, Gaston declared his third daughter Guillemette the new heir, but when he died in 1290, Roger-Bernard immediately took possession of his counties (May). Roger-Bernard then divided his coat of arms between that of Foix and that of Béarn.
In 1293, after three years of peace, Gerard V finally contested the usurpation of Béarn and began a long war with Roger-Bernard over the rights of their wives. This war lasted until 1377.
When the aforementioned Guillemette donated all her Catalan lands to James II of Aragon in April 1300, Roger-Bernard opposed her and travelled at the head of troops through the pass of the Col de Puymorens. He died at Tarascon-sur-Ariège on 3 March 1302 and was buried in Boulbonne beside his ancestors.
He and Margaret had several children:

</doc>
<doc id="9828552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828552" title="Saibai Island Airport">
Saibai Island Airport

Saibai Island Airport is an airport on Saibai Island, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9828626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828626" title="Yanghwa Bridge">
Yanghwa Bridge

The Yanghwa Bridge (양화대교) is an eight lane bridge spanning the Han River in Seoul. The bridge connects Mapo-gu on the north side of the river to Yeongdeungpo-gu on the south side of the river. The bridge is buttressed by the eastern end of the island of Seonyudo, home to Seonyudo Park (선유도공원).
The bridge is a combination of two bridges: the old bridge, originally called the "Second Han River Bridge" (제2한강교), completed in 1965; and the new bridge, completed in 1982. The old bridge was the first bridge built by Korean technology after independence in 1945 and served as the gateway from Seoul to the west coast. Due to increasing traffic, construction for an expansion started in 1979 and the new eight lane bridge was completed in February 1982.
The old bridge's upper structure has a width of 18.0m, length 1,053m and is composed of steel plate girders and concrete box girders. The new bridge has a width of 16.1m, length 1,053m and is a steel plate girder bridge. The lower structure has an open caisson well foundation.
The bridge went through repairs and renovations in 1996 and reopened in April 2002 with additional ramps. As of February 2010, the bridge is once again going through renovations by widening the space between bridge posts to allow 5000t ships to pass.

</doc>
<doc id="9828676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828676" title="André Landzaat">
André Landzaat

André Landzaat was born and raised in The Hague in The Netherlands. He inherited his desire for adventure from his father's father, who was a sea captain on many far-away destinations. He received his passion for the creative arts from his mother and her father, who were both contemporary painters. 
Before he went to Ireland and England at an early age to improve on his English, he had won a film contest by the Nederlandse Film Maatschappij. After his military service in the Netherlands and Germany, he moved to Paris to study method acting with Yves Furet. During that time, he acquainted Edward Albee, who pointed him to study with the master of the method acting, Lee Strasberg himself in New York City. Andre joined his private classes at Carnegie Hall and became a lifetime member of the Actors Studio. There he found his inspiration and acting development from sharing and experiencing the work by actors like Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.
Even though that theatre was his passion, because of his Dutch accent, his friend Tennessee Williams suggested for him to go to Los Angeles for the TV and film work. He then received a Soap Opera Award for portraying the character of Tony Cassadine on "General Hospital". He developed a close relationship with Betty Garrett when he also became a member of Theatre West. Garrett was a big influence in helping him to sing his very first song when she was the moderator for many many years for their musical comedy workshop. 
Landzaat still resides in Los Angeles and besides continuing with his acting career, he also enjoys teaching the method acting to young and beginning actors at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute.
Andre is represented by Sharon Nixon Kelly of American Artists Group Management

</doc>
<doc id="9828696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828696" title="Eumorpha vitis">
Eumorpha vitis

Eumorpha vitis, known as the Vine sphinx, is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives from Argentina north through Central America, the West Indies, and Mexico to southern Arizona, Texas, Mississippi, and Florida. Strays north to Nebraska.
The wingspan is 85-105 mm. It is similar to "Eumorpha fasciatus fasciatus" but distinguishable by the lack of a pink marginal band on the hindwing upperside and the single straight line on the forewing upperside.
Adults are on wing from April to May and again from July to October in Florida, from July to September in one generation in the northern part of the range and year round in the tropics. They feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Vinca rosea".
The larvae feed on "Vitis" species (including "Vitis vinifera"), "Cissus" species (including "Cissus incisa", "Cissus pseudosicyoides", "Cissus rhombifolia", "Cissus sicycoides" and "Cissus verticillata"), "Ludwigia decurrens", "Ludwigia erecta", "Magnolia virginiana" and "Parthenocissus" species. There are green, yellow and purple colour morphs. Pupation takes place in subterranean burrows.

</doc>
<doc id="9828712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828712" title="2007 Chinese Super League">
2007 Chinese Super League

The 2007 Chinese Super League (CSL 2007) season or the Kingway brewery Chinese Super League as it was known for sponsorship reasons was the fourth edition since its establishment, the 14th season of professional football as well as being the 46th top-tier league season in China. Starting on March 3, 2007 and ending on November 14, 2007 it saw Changchun Yatai clinch the league title for the first time in the last game of the season, while Xiamen Lanshi was relegated with two games to spare. Coincidentally, both of these teams were promoted in the previous season.
The champions as well as the runner-up of the league would qualify for the AFC Champions League 2008 as was the same from the previous season. The Chinese FA Cup was canceled due to the intended expansion of the league to 16 teams, however Shanghai United F.C. and Shanghai Shenhua merged, which saw the Chinese Football Association decide to leave the league with 15 teams for the season.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams promoted from the 2006 China League One season
Teams relegated from the 2006 Chinese Super League
Pre-season change.
As Zhu Jun, the owner of Shanghai United F.C. bought a majority share of their crosstown rival. The 7th placed team of the previous season, Shanghai United was merged into two times CSL runner-up Shanghai Shenhua. The new team play under the name Shanghai Shenhua United but use the stadium of the former Shanghai United - Yuanshen Sports Centre Stadium in Pudong, Shanghai as their home ground.
League table.
"Last updated: 14 November 2007".

</doc>
<doc id="9828725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828725" title="St George Airport (Queensland)">
St George Airport (Queensland)

St George Airport is an airport southeast of St George, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9828772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828772" title="Kazu">
Kazu

Kazu is a Japanese given name for males or females. See Japanese name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="9828795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828795" title="WKCY-FM">
WKCY-FM

WKCY-FM (104.3 FM) is a country music formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Harrisonburg, Virginia, USA, serving the Central Shenandoah Valley. WKCY-FM is owned and operated by Clear Channel Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="9828812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828812" title="WKCY">
WKCY

WKCY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9828878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828878" title="Therese Johaug">
Therese Johaug

Therese Johaug (born 25 June 1988) is a Norwegian cross-country skier who has competed for the clubs Tynset IF and IL Nansen. She is a three-time Olympic medallist.
Athletic career.
After skiing some domestic races in the 2006 season, Johaug took part at the Norwegian Championships in 2007, winning a bronze at the 7.5 km + 7.5 km double pursuit event. She was selected for two World Cup races prior to the World Championships, finishing eighth and 33rd in two interval start races over 10 km, which was enough to be selected for competition in the 30 km distance at the 2007 Sapporo World Championships where she won a surprising bronze medal.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, she won gold in the 4 x 5 km relay, came sixth in the 15 km pursuit and seventh in the 30 km mass start (classic) race.
Johaug won her first individual gold medal in the 30 km mass start race at the 2011 World Championships in Oslo. She also won gold in the 4 x 5 km relay, bronze in the 7.5 km + 7.5 km double pursuit and fourth in the 10 km individual start. At the 2013 World Championships she won her second individual gold medal in the 10 km freestyle race.
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, she won the silver medal in the 30 km mass start (free) and the bronze medal in the 10 km classical, she also finished fourth in the 15 km skiathlon.
Johaug and compatriot Martin Johnsrud Sundby became the first Norwegians to win the Tour de Ski when they won the women's and men's competitions in the 2013-14 edition of the race. Johaug subsequently won the overall and distance competitions in the 2013–14 FIS Cross-Country World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9828886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828886" title="Tamworth Airport">
Tamworth Airport

Tamworth Airport is a regional airport serving Tamworth, a city in the Australian state of New South Wales. It is located from the town centre, on New Winton Road. The airport is owned and operated by the Tamworth Regional Council and is listed as being west of the city. It is also known as Tamworth Regional Airport.
Tamworth Airport is the northern base of the Hunter Region Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter Service and the location for BAE Systems Flight Training College as well as the Australian Defence Force Basic Flying Training School.
History.
No. 6 Elementary Flying Training School of the Royal Australian Air Force was formed in 1940, during the Second World War, at the original airfield (located in what is now the Taminda industrial area) as part of the Empire Air Training Scheme. Training included 50 hours of basic aviation instruction on a simple trainer like the Tiger Moth. Pilots who showed promise went on to advanced training at a Service Flying Training School. Others went on to different specialties, such as Wireless Schools, Air Observer Schools or Bombing and Gunnery Schools. The RAAF airfield went on to become the original home of East West Airlines after WW2.
In 1951 a decision was taken to relocate the aerodrome with the council commencing construction in 1952 and the official opening of the new airport in 1956. The airport received a further upgrade to medium jet standard in 1982. The addition of the parallel runway and associated facility expansion was undertaken between 1990 and 1993 as part of the establishment of the British Aerospace/Ansett pilot training joint venture which has evolved into the current Bae systems college.
The Tamworth Airport terminal expansion was completed in June 2012, to facilitate the commencement of passenger screening.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 12L/30R measuring and 12R/30L measuring . It also has two runways with a grassed brown clay surface: 18/36 measuring and 06/24 measuring .
Statistics.
Tamworth Airport was ranked 39th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9828909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828909" title="Nahum Leonard">
Nahum Leonard

Nahum Leonard (December 11, 1876 - September 11, 1927) was one of the founders of the American college fraternity Kappa Delta Phi. He was born in Bridgewater, Massachusetts. While he attended Bridgewater State College, he was a member of the Normal Club. He was also at one time the president of the athletic association and chairman on the social committee for the Normal Club. As a member of Kappa Delta Phi, he served on the Executive Committee, Advisory Council and as Vice-President. 
After graduating from Bridgewater in 1902, he went on to be principal of Sanderson Academy in Ashfield, Massachusetts. He was Superintendent of Schools in North Andover, Massachusetts when he died on September 11, 1927 from angina pectoris immediate cardio scherosis, and was laid to rest in the Mt. Prospect Cemetery in Bridgewater.

</doc>
<doc id="9828916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9828916" title="Les Lannom">
Les Lannom

Les Lannom (born November 4, 1946) is an American actor and musician. Lannom is best known for playing Lester Hodges on the television series "Harry O" from 1974 to 1976, and his role as Sergeant Casper in "Southern Comfort".
Biography.
Career.
He appeared as a guest on the television series "Judging Amy", "The X Files", "ER", "NYPD Blue", "The Larry Sanders Show", "Columbo", "Scarecrow and Mrs. King", "CHiPs", "Benson", "Knots Landing", "The Waltons" (as Sweet Billy), "The Streets of San Francisco", "Cannon", and "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries". He played Larry Penzoss in the 1985 television miniseries "Space" and played Bufe Coker in the 1978 television miniseries "Centennial". Both miniseries were based on James A. Michener novels. He also appeared in the movie "Silkwood" (1983).
From 2002-2006, Lannom appeared onstage as Det. Brent Randall in "Dark Legends in Blood". In 2007, he lent his considerable talent to the students of the Speech & Acting Team at his hometown high school Johnston City, Illinois, acting as a volunteer assistant coach. In April 2008, he returned to the high school stage as "Vince Fontaine" in "Grease".
An accomplished musician, Lannom plays bagpipes, guitar, trumpet, harmonica, and is a singer. He is currently semi-retired and residing in his hometown of Johnston City, Illinois,
where he performs as a solo piper and in a Celtic duo.

</doc>
<doc id="9829051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829051" title="George Foxcraft">
George Foxcraft

George Foxcraft was the ninth administrator of the colony of Madras in British India for two terms starting from August 1665 to 16 September 1665 and 22 August 1668 to January 1670. During the rule of his predecessor, Sir Edward Winter, he was imprisoned on suspicion of having made utterances against King Charles II. However, when his term came to an end, he took over as the British East India Company's Agent and was the first to be given the title "Governor of Fort St George". The Company's letter constituting the Madras Agent and Council "Our Governor and Agent and Consul in Fort St George" and empowering them to execute judgment in all cases, civil and criminal, was occasioned by the difficulty that arose as to the jurisdiction of the Madras officials over capital cases. This difficulty was solved by the new title and "to modern occupants of the gubernatorial chair it is probably unknown that they owe their designation to a Madras murder."

</doc>
<doc id="9829108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829108" title="Buyback">
Buyback

Buyback may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9829123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829123" title="WKCY (AM)">
WKCY (AM)

WKCY (1300 AM) is a News/Talk/Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Harrisonburg, Virginia, serving Harrisonburg and Rockingham County, Virginia. WKCY is owned and operated by Clear Channel Communications.
Programming.
WKCY currently runs the standard Clear Channel slate of talk shows. Instead of a local morning show, the station airs Bill Bennett; the remainder of the schedule includes "Glenn Beck Program", "The Rush Limbaugh Show", "The Sean Hannity Show", Andy Dean and "Coast to Coast AM".

</doc>
<doc id="9829132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829132" title="TV Derana">
TV Derana

Derana TV is a Sinhalese language free-to-air entertainment television channel broadcasting in Sri Lanka. Launched on 11 October 2005, it is one of the most popular free-to air networks in the country. Its main transmission tower is located in Colombo, and coverage is extended nationwide via substations in Nuwara Eliya, Deniyaya, Gammaduwa, Kandy, and Kalutara.
Programming.
The channel broadcasts a range of entertainment programmes including dramas, reality shows, Kids Programme, music and variety shows. It operates 16 hours a day, between 06:00 and 23:00.
Ada Derana.
"Ada Derana" is a news website operated by Derana. Its content is available in English, Sinhala and Tamil, and it is ranked as one of most popular local news websites by Alexa.
In late 2007, Ada Derana entered into a partnership with Dialog Telekom, the largest mobile phone operator in Sri Lanka, to send breaking news alerts to all Dialog mobile subscribers as text messages. Currently, instant news alerts can be obtained through all the leading mobile phone operators in Sri Lanka. 
Competitions and sponsorship.
Derana has hosted the Miss World Miss Sri Lanka pageant since 2007. Derana and Veet are co-sponsors of the upcoming 2012 edition.
Derana has conducted the "Derana London Star" since May 2008 in London, UK, to find the most talented upcoming singer among the Sri Lankans living in UK. The first edition received around 220 applications, and auditions were broadcast in Sri Lanka by Derana TV. The winners were determined by a panel of judges and public votes via SMS.
Derana Dream Star.
Derana Dream Star is a music reality show produced by Derana TV. It started on 2009 and now it had successfully completed 4 seasons and have introduced many young talented singers to the Srilankan music industry. Many critics suggest that it is the best reality show held for young generation only.
Season I (2009) ===
Season II (2010) ===
Season III (2011)===
Season IV (2012) ===
Season V commenced in Dec 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9829149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829149" title="SIS (file format)">
SIS (file format)

SIS is an acronym that stands for "Software Installation Script". It is an archive for Symbian OS, and not an application file, as sometimes believed; the real Symbian application is the .APP or .EXE file within it. By convention .sisx denotes a signed file.
There are different ways how a SIS file can be created. The basic approach is to create a package definition file (.pkg) that contains information about the package like the vendor, package name and what files to include in the package. Then use the "makesis" and "signsis" utilities that processes the .pkg file and creates the actual SIS file. Other alternatives are to use the Carbide.c++ IDE that automatically builds the SIS file as part of the build process or to graphically define and create the installation package using PackageForge.

</doc>
<doc id="9829159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829159" title="Victoria River Downs Airport">
Victoria River Downs Airport

Victoria River Downs Airport is an airport in Victoria River Downs, Northern Territory, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9829177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829177" title="William Cole, 1st Earl of Enniskillen">
William Cole, 1st Earl of Enniskillen

William Willoughby Cole, 1st Earl of Enniskillen (1 March 1736 – 22 May 1803), styled The Honourable from 1760 to 1767, then known as Lord Mountflorence to 1776 and as Viscount Enniskillen to 1789, was an Irish peer and politician.
Enniskillen was the son of John Cole, 1st Baron Mountflorence. He represented Enniskillen in the Irish House of Commons from 1761 to 1767, when he succeeded his father as second Baron Mountflorence and took his seat in the Irish House of Lords. In 1776 he was created Viscount Enniskillen and in 1789 he was even further honoured when he was made Earl of Enniskillen. Both these titles were in the Peerage of Ireland. Lord Enniskillen died in May 1803, aged 67, and was succeeded in his titles by his son John.

</doc>
<doc id="9829181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829181" title="MBM (file format)">
MBM (file format)

MBM is shortened from MultiBitMap which, as the name suggests, is a container for a set of bitmap images. The contained bitmaps are not stored verbatim. Rather, each one is stored with a modified bitmap header with no data compression or with 8-, 12-, 16-, or 24-bit RLE compression.
MBM files are used by most Symbian GUI applications to store their graphical content.

</doc>
<doc id="9829198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829198" title="Kim Il-soon">
Kim Il-soon

Kim Il-soon (Hangul:김일순; born January 24, 1969) is a retired female tennis player from South Korea, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1988 and 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9829201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829201" title="Wayne Nelson">
Wayne Nelson

Wayne Nelson (born June 1, 1950 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American musician best known for being a member of the famed Australian rock band, Little River Band.
Shortly after his birth in Kansas City, Nelson's family moved to Rome, Illinois, a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. During his teenage years and early twenties, Nelson played in various regional bands around the Chicago area, emulating multiple styles but focusing on rhythm and blues.
In the late 70's, Nelson moved to Los Angeles and worked with artists including Kenny Loggins and Jim Messina. While in Messina's band and opening for Little River Band, LRB's management invited Nelson to join the famed Australian band and he officially became a member in April 1980. In addition to playing bass, Nelson was the lead singer of the band's hit "The Night Owls". He was absent from the band between 1996 and 1999. [http://www.littleriverband.com/discography/disc.htm]
Wayne Nelson continues to tour with Little River Band today as lead singer and bass guitarist. He makes his home in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="9829237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829237" title="Lee Jeong-myung">
Lee Jeong-myung

Lee Jeong-myung (, born September 8, 1967) is a retired female tennis player from South Korea, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9829262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829262" title="John Lawlor (actor)">
John Lawlor (actor)

John Lawlor is an American actor. His best known roles are Supervisor Leonard Marsh on the television series "Phyllis" from 1976–1977, and later of Headmaster Steven Bradley on the television series "The Facts of Life" from 1979 to 1980.
He also guest-starred in "L.A. Law", "Knots Landing", "Mr. Belvedere", "Barney Miller", "The Rockford Files", "Ellery Queen", "Baa Baa Black Sheep", and "Alice".
He appeared in the movies "National Lampoon Goes to the Movies" (1982), "S.O.B." (1981), "Billy Jack Goes to Washington" (1977), and "The Gumball Rally" (1976). He is to star as Grandpa West in the upcoming TV series "Scoundrels".
He is divorced from Tantoo Cardinal.

</doc>
<doc id="9829268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829268" title="St. Joseph Catholic Church (Roxbury, Massachusetts)">
St. Joseph Catholic Church (Roxbury, Massachusetts)

St. Joseph Catholic Church was a parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston, serving the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. The parish was established in 1845, and a church was built in the same year. The entire church complex, including the rectory, convent, and parish school, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The parish was closed by the archdiocese in 2002, after which the property was sold.
Cemetery.
As was common in the 19th century, the parish property included space for a cemetery, which was blessed in 1850. However, due to its small size, the cemetery had filled by 1868. There were about 600 people (mostly Irish immigrants from County Donegal) buried in the cemetery. After 1882, the city mapmakers ceased including it, and the parish gradually forgot that it existed. As early as 1887, when the parish grammar school was built next to it, there seemed to be no recognition of the cemetery. It was nothing more than a field with no visible gravestones.
However, in the 1990s, a construction crew discovered a gravestone while digging a trench. The digging stopped, but no other artifacts were found. Again, in 2006, digging commenced. The parish property had been sold by the archdiocese, and the parish needed confirmation that there were no longer human remains on site. When a bone was found, the Massachusetts Historical Commission investigated the site and discovered the forgotten graves. All of the remains that were found at St. Joseph Cemetery were re-interred at Calvary Cemetery in Waltham.

</doc>
<doc id="9829275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829275" title="Gulfport–Biloxi–Pascagoula combined statistical area">
Gulfport–Biloxi–Pascagoula combined statistical area

The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area is made up of five counties in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region. The statistical area consists of the Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2000 census, the CSA had a population of 396,754. The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 394,375.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 396,754 people, 147,600 households, and 105,041 families residing within the CSA. The racial makeup of the CSA was 76.72% White, 18.82% African American, 0.41% Native American, 1.87% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.75% from other races, and 1.37% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.26% of the population.
There were 147,600 households out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were married couples living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the CSA the population was spread out with 26.7% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.
The median income for a household in the CSA was $35,034, and the median income for a family was $40,617. Males had a median income of $30,985 versus $21,727 for females. The per capita income for the CSA was $16,514.

</doc>
<doc id="9829299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829299" title="Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities">
Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities

The Göttingen Academy of Sciences (in German Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Göttingen) is the second oldest of the seven academies of sciences in Germany. It has the task of promoting research under its own auspices and in collaboration with academics in and outside Germany. It has its seat in the university town of Göttingen.
History.
The " Königliche Gesellschaft der Wissenschaften" ("Royal Society of Sciences") was founded in 1751 by King George II of Great Britain, who was also Prince-Elector of the Holy Roman Empire and Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (Hanover), the German state in which Göttingen was located. The first president was the Swiss natural historian and poet Albrecht von Haller. It was renamed the "Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Göttingen" in 1939. Among the learned societies in the Federal Republic of Germany, the Göttingen academy is the second-oldest after the Halle-based Leopoldina (1652).
Organisation.
The Academy is a "Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts" and has the task to serve academic research in its own work and in collaboration with researchers and institutions inside and outside Germany. Its members are divided into two classes, the Mathematical-Physical class and the Philological-Historical class. There are a maximum number of forty full members in each class and a maximum of one hundred corresponding members, elected from the rest of Germany and outside the country.
The review and literature journal "Göttingische Gelehrte Anzeigen" has been published by the Academy since 1753 and is the oldest academic journal still published in the German-language area. The Academy belongs to the Union of the German Academies of Sciences and Humanities ("Union der deutschen Akademien der Wissenschaften").
Prizes.
The Academy awards the following prizes:

</doc>
<doc id="9829312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829312" title="University of Iowa Aquatic Center">
University of Iowa Aquatic Center

The University of Iowa Aquatic Center, also known as the East Campus Fitness and Wellness Center, will open in the fall of 2009. The $69.7 million complex will be home to the school's men's and women's swimming and diving teams. 
The center will replace the Iowa Fieldhouse, which was built in 1927, as the competition venue for the Hawkeye collegiate teams. In addition, the complex will house a variety of fitness areas and equipment, which will be available to the students and the public. Amenities will include a running track, indoor leisure pool, rock climbing wall, and basketball gyms. The center will be located on Madison and Burlington streets in Iowa City, Iowa. 
For further information, see the article in The Daily Iowan: [http://media.www.dailyiowan.com/media/storage/paper599/news/2007/02/21/Sports/New-Center.To.Improve.Life.Aquatic-2732622.shtml] 

</doc>
<doc id="9829313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829313" title="Warraber Island Airport">
Warraber Island Airport

Warraber Island Airport is an airport in Sue Islet, Queensland, Australia. It was named Nelson Airport and officially opened on 26 November 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="9829336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829336" title="Phonomyography">
Phonomyography

Phonomyography (PMG) (also known as acoustic myography, sound myography, vibromyography, and surface mechanomyogram) is a technique to measure the force of muscle contraction by recording the low frequency sounds created during muscular activity.
Although less precise than the more traditional mechanomyography, it is considerably easier to set up. The signal is measured using condenser microphone elements, piezoelectric sensors, accelerometers, or a combination of sensors attached to the skin. Hydrophones have also been used to measure muscles immersed in water.
The sound created by muscle movement can be heard with the ear pressed up to a contracting muscle, but most of the energy is low frequency, below 20 Hz, making it inaudible infrasound.
Electromyography signals are typically bandpass filtered from 10 Hz to 500 Hz, by comparison. PMG signals are limited to 5 Hz to 100 Hz in some experiments. Orizio states that the low-frequency response of the sensor is the most important feature, and should go as low as 1 Hz.
Muscle sounds were first described in print by the Jesuit scientist Francesco Maria Grimaldi in a posthumous publication of 1665, which influenced the work of the English physician William Hyde Wollaston and the German scientist Paul Erman. The latter enlisted the aid of René Laennec. Mechanical amplification was first employed by Hermann von Helmholtz. The past two centuries of repeated rediscovery and neglect of the phenomenon were summarised by Stokes and Blythe in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9829351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829351" title="Shayne Burgess">
Shayne Burgess

Shayne Burgess (born 1 June 1964 in Hastings) is a former English darts player who switched from the British Darts Organisation to the Professional Darts Corporation.
Early career.
Burgess reached the quarter finals of the British Open in 1992 and the quarter-finals of the Winmau World Masters in 1993. He made his television debut at the 1994 Embassy World Darts Championship but suffered a 0-3 first round defeat to Steve McCollum. He promptly switched to the PDC (then known as the WDC), which was still in its early days.
World Championship results.
Source:
Other PDC events.
He was runner up to Phil Taylor in the inaugural UK Open in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9829364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829364" title="Territorial changes of Germany after World War II">
Territorial changes of Germany after World War II

The Yalta Conference.
The final decision to move Poland's boundary westward was made by the US, Britain and the Soviets at the Yalta Conference, shortly before the end of the war. The precise location of the border was left open; the western Allies also accepted in general the principle of the Oder River as the future western border of Poland and of population transfer as the way to prevent future border disputes. The open question was whether the border should follow the eastern or western Neisse rivers, and whether Stettin, the traditional seaport of Berlin, should remain German or be included in Poland.
Originally, Germany was to retain Stettin while the Poles were to annex East Prussia with Königsberg. [http://newyorktelco.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/biuletyn9-10_56-57.pdf]. Eventually, however, Stalin decided that he wanted Königsberg as a year-round warm water port for the Soviet Navy and argued that the Poles should receive Stettin instead. The wartime Polish government in exile had little to say in these decisions. 
[http://newyorktelco.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/biuletyn9-10_56-57.pdf]
Key points of the meeting that are relevant to the territorial changes of Germany are as follows:
The Potsdam Conference.
At the Potsdam Conference the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union placed the 1937 German territories east of the Oder-Neisse line (These were eventually referred to by the Polish communist government as the "Western Territories" or "Regained Territories") as formally under Polish administrative control. It was anticipated that a final peace treaty would follow shortly and either confirm this border or determine whatever alterations might be agreed upon.
The final agreements in effect compensated Poland for 187,000 km² located east of the Curzon line with 112,000 km² of former German territories. The northern part of East Prussia was eventually directly annexed by the Soviet Union and is still part of Russia.
It was also decided that all Germans remaining in Poland should be expelled, to prevent any claims of minority rights. Among the provisions of the Potsdam Conference was a section that provided for the Orderly transfer of German populations. The specific wording of this section was as follows:
At the end of the conference, the Three Heads of Government agreed on the following actions:
Post World War II politics.
Since 1945, referring to the lands over which there had been a transfer of jurisdiction as "East Germany" has had political connotations, which means that any article which discusses this issue is likely to be contentious. The contention has been somewhat dissipated over the last twenty years by three related phenomena:
In the course of the German reunification process, Chancellor Helmut Kohl accepted the territorial changes made after World War II. This caused some outrage among the Federation of Expellees. Some Poles were concerned about a possible revival of their 1939 trauma through a second German invasion, this time with the Germans buying back their land, which was cheaply available at the time. This happened on a smaller scale than many expected, and since the Baltic Sea coast in Poland has become popular with German tourists, Germans are now frequent and welcome guests. The so-called "homesickness tourism" which was often perceived as quite aggressive well into the 1990s now tends to be viewed as a good-natured nostalgia tour rather than a source of anger and desire for the return of the lost territories.

</doc>
<doc id="9829375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829375" title="Etsuko Inoue">
Etsuko Inoue

Etsuko Inoue (, born October 18, 1964) is a retired female tennis player from Japan.
Inoue twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1984 (Los Angeles, California) and 1988 (Seoul, South Korea). In 1982 she became the first winner of the women's tennis competition at the Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="9829381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829381" title="Nick Ribush">
Nick Ribush

Nicholas Ribush was one of the first Westerners to be ordained as a monk in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition. A founder of Wisdom Publications, Ribush is today the director of the Lama Yeshe Wisdom Archive, a collection of thousands of teachings by Lama Yeshe and Lama Zopa Rinpoche, who pioneered the teaching of Tibetan Buddhism in the West.
After graduating from Melbourne University Medical School in 1964, Ribush first encountered Buddhism at Kopan Monastery in 1972. He was a Gelug monk from 1974 to 1986. In 1975, with Lama Yeshe, he established the international publishing house, Wisdom Publications; in 1977, he established Tushita Mahayana Meditation Centre, New Delhi; and in 1989, Kurukulla Center, Boston. In 1996 he established the Lama Yeshe Wisdom Archive, Boston, which he now directs.
Ribush was a member of the FPMT board of directors from its inception in 1983 until 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9829387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829387" title="Weipa Airport">
Weipa Airport

Weipa Airport is an airport in Weipa, Queensland, Australia. The airport is southeast of the town.
Statistics.
Weipa Airport was ranked 55th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9829416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829416" title="Kumiko Okamoto">
Kumiko Okamoto

Kumiko Okamoto (, born February 19, 1965) is a retired female tennis player from Japan, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea). In the doubles competition she partnered Etsuko Inoue.

</doc>
<doc id="9829438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829438" title="West Wyalong Airport">
West Wyalong Airport

West Wyalong Airport is an airport located south West Wyalong, New South Wales, Australia. The airport is operated by the Bland Shire Council.
Facilities and aircraft.
West Wyalong Airport has two runways:
Airlines and destinations.
Currently West Wyalong is not serviced by any scheduled flights, but throughout the airport's history it has been served by many regional airlines. East-West Airlines operated services to Sydney from 1953 until 1975, initially using converted ex-military Lockheed Hudson aircraft, later replaced by the Douglas DC-3 and Fokker F27 Friendship. These services were discontinued with the withdrawal of Government subsidy on 30 June 1975.
A number of smaller carriers would later service the West Wyalong - Sydney route, including Country Connection Airlines who provided 11 services per week between 1991 and 2001 using Piper Chieftain aircraft.
Regional Express Airlines provided twice weekly service to Sydney commencing in March 2005. The airline carried 1,928 passengers in the first six months, but it ceased operating the flights in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9829470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829470" title="Dhundhubhi">
Dhundhubhi

Dhundhubhi may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9829475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829475" title="Guruwari">
Guruwari

Guruwari or 'Totem Design' or 'Seed Power' is an idea that appears in the Walbiri language of the culture of indigenous Australian peoples. Guruwari is intimately associated with The Dreaming.

</doc>
<doc id="9829482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829482" title="Xóchitl Escobedo">
Xóchitl Escobedo

Xóchitl Escobedo (born September 17, 1968) is a retired female tennis player from Mexico, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. She reached a career-high singles ranking on November 20, 1989, when she became ranked the number 284 of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9829493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829493" title="Glenelg Tigers (NBL)">
Glenelg Tigers (NBL)

The Glenelg Tigers is a defunct basketball team that competed in Australia's National Basketball League (NBL). Formed in 1979, they were a foundation club NBL based in South Australia in the Adelaide suburb of Glenelg. The Tigers lasted only one season before folding due to financial difficulties. The club is in no way related to the current NBL team, the Melbourne Tigers.
History.
When the NBL was formed in 1979, the South Australian Basketball League entered their top two ranked clubs from the 1978 season as their representatives. This included the West Adelaide Bearcats and the Glenelg Tigers. The Tigers managed only 3 wins from 18 games during the inaugural NBL season and finished last on the ladder. As a result of the poor result and the financial strain of competing in a national league, the Tigers withdrew from the NBL prior to the start of the 1980 season. They were replaced by fellow South Australian representatives the West Torrens Eagles.
After leaving the NBL, the club maintained a presence in the South Australian Basketball League. They currently still compete in the Central Australian Basketball League component of the Australian Basketball Association as the Southern Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="9829501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829501" title="Whyalla Airport">
Whyalla Airport

Whyalla Airport is an airport located southwest of Whyalla, South Australia.
Background.
The council of the City of Whyalla has operated the airport since 1991 when it was handed over to the council by the Federal Labor Party who were in power at the time. Unfortunately for Whyalla, the main runway's Pavement Classification Number (PCN) has deteriorated from 13 to the current PCN of 8. This has put a stop to all heavy aircraft, such as the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320, using the airport. Although such aircraft never operated on a RPT (Regular Passenger Transport) basis, they were a fairly common sight at Whyalla Airport due to charters.
The airport remained open for use by the Department of Defence C-130 Hercules transport aircraft until the late 1990s. The City of Whyalla, aware of the accelerating damage caused by C-130 operations, asked the Federal Government for financial assistance in upgrading the main runway to accommodate unrestricted C-130 operations. The idea was for the airport to accommodate medium sized commercial jets as well as the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) aircraft. The government declined to offer the City of Whyalla financial assistance to upgrade the main runway. John Smith (then the Mayor of Whyalla) immediately put a stop to all C-130 operations in Whyalla, causing the RAAF to use either RAAF Woomera Airfield or RAAF Base Edinburgh to fly in troops and supplies for the nearby Cultana Army Training Range. This restriction is still in place today.
As of 2008, the main runway remains substandard for anything other than Saab 340 use or lower. This is significant, because the airport is still listed by Qantas and Virgin Australia as the alternate for Adelaide Airport should that airport become inoperable for whatever reason. In 2004, Qantas requested permission to land a Boeing 767 at Whyalla Airport as both Adelaide and Melbourne airports were closed due to fog. Council made the runway available should Qantas need it, but only on the understanding that the Boeing may not be able to take off again. The Qantas Boeing 767 made it safely to its intended destination, but the whole incident highlighted the need for Whyalla to upgrade its main runway to safely accommodate such aircraft in the future.
Whyalla Airport is now in a difficult position as the South Australian mining boom gets underway. The city would make an ideal fly in/fly out location for the new mines, but lacks the airport infrastructure to accommodate commercial jets. The City of Whyalla lacks the funds to initiate an upgrade of the main runway and both the Federal and State Governments are reluctant to financially help out, regardless of which political party is in power. Although Whyalla is now growing again, there is no doubt that such growth will be stunted if the local airport cannot be upgraded to the specifications needed by both defence and the mining industry.
On Wednesday, 17 September 2008, it was announced that Whyalla City Council were investigating spending over A$4 million on upgrading the airport to accept Boeing 737 aircraft. The study is to determine if it the airport upgrade is economically feasible. The study will also look at funding options. As of February 2012, Council does not have the required $4.5 million for the pavement upgrade, but has some plans to improve the terminal facilities. It is hoped some grants will be made available for the upgrade via both the Federal and State Governments. One source of funding the council is looking at is selling of some of the airport land (of which there is plenty surrounding the actual airport itself) to raise the required funds. Although confidential at this stage, one task council did complete was a valuation of the airport land.
Council is in the process of handing over the day to day running of the airport to another company. This company is conducting its feasibility study and an answer is expected by the of August 2009. However, as of July 2012 the airport is still operated by the Corporation of the City of Whyalla. It is also believed that a bulky goods store will be established on the airport grounds along with a foodbank.
Statistics.
Whyalla Airport was ranked 51st in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9829517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829517" title="Mueang Songkhla District">
Mueang Songkhla District

Mueang Songkhla () is the capital district ("Amphoe Mueang") of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Chana, Na Mom, Hat Yai and Singhanakhon of Songkhla Province. To the east is the Gulf of Thailand.
The northern part of the district is the Songkhla Lake.
History.
The name Songkhla is actually the Thai corruption of Singgora, its original name means 'the city of lions' in Malay. This refers to a lion-shaped mountain near the city of Songkhla.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 46 villages ("muban"). The city ("thesaban nakhon") Songkhla covers the whole "tambon" Bo Yang. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9829546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829546" title="Rhodes Junior High School">
Rhodes Junior High School

John J. Rhodes Junior High School is a public junior high school that is a part of Mesa Public Schools, located in the city of Mesa in Arizona. The school is named in honour of John Jacob Rhodes. Rhodes serves grades 7-8. All students are fed to Dobson High School or Westwood High School.
In the 1982-83 and 1992-93 school years, it was honored as a Blue Ribbon school.
World Studies Academy.
In 2008 Rhodes was converted into a World Studies Academy format which requires all students to take 7 classes. All students must take a world language. Students' choices are Spanish, French, and Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="9829567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829567" title="Wiluna Airport">
Wiluna Airport

Wiluna Airport is an airport located south south of Wiluna, Western Australia with a two runways (one sealed and one unsealed) and landing lights. It has a small terminal building.

</doc>
<doc id="9829611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829611" title="Aoto Station">
Aoto Station

Layout.
The station has two island platforms in different levels. The top level platform is for down trains (for Narita etc.) and the middle level platform is for up trains (for Ueno etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="9829624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829624" title="Windorah Airport">
Windorah Airport

Windorah Airport is an airport serving Windorah, Queensland, Australia. It is operated by the Barcoo Shire Council. The airport received $183,578 in funds for security upgrades from the Australian Government in 2006.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one runway designated 04/22 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9829649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829649" title="Violin Sonatina (Dvořák)">
Violin Sonatina (Dvořák)

The Sonatina in G major for violin and piano (), Op. 100, B. 183, was written by Antonín Dvořák between November 19 and December 3, 1893, in New York City. It was the last chamber composition he wrote during his sojourn in America. Dvořák catered the sonatina to the gradually developing musical abilities of his children, especially those of his 15 year-old daughter Ottilie and 10 year-old son Toník. In a letter to Fritz Simrock on January 2, 1894, Dvořák conceived the piece in the following terms: ""It is intended for youths (dedicated to my two children), but even grown-ups, adults, should be able to converse with it..."" 
The sonatina was published by Simrock in Berlin in 1894.
Structure.
The four short movements of the sonatina each exhibit a simple and clear, formal structure (hence the diminutive, cf. sonata). They all contain themes, which, like those already found in his other American chamber works (the String Quartet in F and the String Quintet in E-flat), owe their inspiration to Indian melodies and Negro spirituals, which are characterized by pentatonic scales and syncopated rhythm, among other traits. The mood of the composition is fresh and joyful. Only the second movement and part of the last movement are nostalgic; they are inspired by the composer's longing for his home country.
The slow movement "Larghetto" was hurriedly noted down on Dvořák's shirt sleeve while on a visit to Minnehaha Falls, near Saint Paul, Minnesota. Simrock sold this movement separately, without the composer's permission, and Fritz Kreisler often performed it as "Indian Lullaby". It also appeared as "Indian Canzonetta"; such romantic titles were not the composer's, but were added subsequently by publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="9829664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829664" title="Winton Airport">
Winton Airport

Winton Airport is an airport serving Winton, Queensland, Australia. It is located northeast of Winton and operated by the Winton Shire Council.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two runways: 14/32 with an asphalt surface measuring and 05/23 with a clay surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9829678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829678" title="Charles Levin (actor)">
Charles Levin (actor)

Charles Levin (born March 12, 1949) is an American actor who has appeared in television and movies and on stage. He is best known for the role of Elliot Novak on the series "Alice" having become a regular in the show's 9th season and the recurring role of Eddie Gregg on "Hill Street Blues" from 1982 to 1986.
Life and career.
He is also known for having played the mohel on "The Bris" episode of "Seinfeld" and Coco, the gay cook, on the pilot episode of "The Golden Girls". His part was dropped in favor of making the character of Sophia Petrillo played by Estelle Getty a regular. (Many of her snassy one-liners were originally written for Coco.)
He appeared as a guest star on many television shows including "Family Ties", "Tales from the Darkside", "The Twilight Zone", "The Facts of Life", "Falcon Crest" (as Arthur Habermann), "Punky Brewster" (as Officer Bob), "Thirtysomething", "Night Court", "L.A. Law" (as Robert Caporale), "Designing Women", "Murphy Brown", "NYPD Blue", and "Law & Order".

</doc>
<doc id="9829679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829679" title="Mehdi Benatia">
Mehdi Benatia

Mehdi Benatia (; born 17 April 1987) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Serie A club AS Roma and the Morocco national team as a centre back.
Early life.
Mehdi Benatia was born in Courcouronnes, France, to a Moroccan father and an Algerian mother.
Career.
Benatia joined Marseille in 2003, and signed his first professional contract with them two years later. After loan spells at Tours and Lorient, he left for Ligue 2 club Clermont on 1 July 2008 on a free transfer.
On 1 July 2010, Benetia signed for Serie A club Udinese Calcio, again on a free transfer. He made 72 league appearances for Udinese, scoring five goals.
On 13 July 2013 A.S. Roma signed him from Udinese for €13.5m on a five-year contract, with Nico López and Valerio Verre going the other way on co-ownership as part of the same deal.
On 26 September, Benatia scored his first goal for the club in a 2-0 victory against Sampdoria.
After further goals against Bologna and Catania, he finished the year as Roma's joint-top scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="9829726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829726" title="Singhanakhon District">
Singhanakhon District

Singhanakhon () is a district ("Amphoe") in the northern part of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Mueang Songkhla, Hat Yai, Khuan Niang of Songkhla Province, Pak Phayun of Phatthalung Province and Sathing Phra of Songkhla Province again. To the east is the Gulf of Thailand.
The district is located between "Thale Luang" and Songkhla Lake.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on February 15, 1988, when 11 "tambon" were split off from Mueang Songkhla district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 19, 1991.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 77 villages ("muban"). Singhanakhon is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Ching Kho and Thamnop and the whole "tambon" Hua Khao and Sathing Mo. There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9829741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829741" title="2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup">
2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup

The 2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup was a rugby union competition held between six Pacific Rim sides; Australia A, Fiji, Japan, Samoa, Tonga and the Junior All Blacks (New Zealand's second XV). This was the first year that Australia A had competed – Australia had declined the invitation to compete in the inaugural competition in 2006 because they wanted to focus on their domestic competition, but on 18 October 2006 it was announced that they would send their second XV. For this reason, the inaugural tournament was renamed the Pacific Nations Cup instead of the IRB Pacific Five Nations as it had been called in 2006.
The tournament was a round-robin of 15 games where each team played one match against each of the others. There are four points for a win, two points for a draw and none for a defeat. There are also bonus points offered with one bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match and one bonus point for losing by 7 points or less.
New Zealand's Junior All Blacks won the Cup for the second time in Round 4, gaining an unbeatable lead after beating Australia A 50–0 in Dunedin.
Top scorers.
Top points scorers.
Source: irb.com
Top try scorers.
Source: irb.com

</doc>
<doc id="9829748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829748" title="Cricket Stock Exchange">
Cricket Stock Exchange

The , CSX - Cricketstockexchange, is an online trading game (now not functional) which works on the principles of a stock market. The website was launched ahead of 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup.
On CSX, (virtual) shares of Cricketers (called Player Stocks) and Teams (called Team Stocks) are listed, allowing users to trade those shares. The movement in ‘stock prices’ of cricketers and teams changes during matches to reflect their performance on field and how cricket fans expect their performance to be in future e.g. fall in stock price of a cricketer might indicate that the cricketer is not performing well of late, and fans don’t expect him to return to form as well in near future and based on an algorithm developed by 'It's alive', a technology and design based business solutions start-up.
CSX uses virtual money called CSX$ for all trading purpose, and there is no exchange of real money involved at any stage of the game.
Basics of the game.
The CSX has three different stock exchanges for ODI, Tests and T20's and player's are listed and de-listed based on upcoming tournaments. 
The registered users of the websites, also called the traders, can gain (or lose) money by selling the shares of the cricketers at higher (or lower) price than purchase price of those shares.

</doc>
<doc id="9829757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829757" title="Illawarra Regional Airport">
Illawarra Regional Airport

Illawarra Regional Airport (also known as Wollongong Airport) is an airport located southwest of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.
Overview.
Illawarra Regional Airport, owned and operated by Shellharbour City Council, is located at the intersection of the F6, Princes Highway and Illawarra Highway at Albion Park Rail. The airport is an 80 minute drive from Sydney Airport and 60 minutes from Sydney's southern suburbs. An electric rail service is available between Sydney and Albion Park Rail on the South Coast rail line.
The airport is home to a growing Light Aeronautics Industry Cluster, the Historical Aircraft Restoration Society (HARS), the Australian Aerial Patrol, and a range of tourism-related operations. Formerly a QantasLink service to Melbourne served the airport but the service has been since discontinued.
The Illawarra Regional Airport provides a cost-effective alternative to the Sydney Basin airports for light aircraft users. It is not encumbered by restricted airspace or controls, which at times create delays and difficulties for pilots. The airport provides opportunities for tourism and business development.
History.
World War II.
As early as the 1920s, aviators had used fields in the Albion Park area for pleasure flights and demonstrations. "RAAF Albion Park" was built in 1942 as an Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Operational Base during World War II on land compulsorily acquired by the Australian Government. The base was used to conduct pilot training and was considered an important strategic asset in the defence of the Illawarra, particularly the steelworks at Port Kembla. Decorated fighter ace Clive Caldwell, a local resident, received RAAF training at the airfield. A satellite airfield was constructed north of Cordeaux Dam to support operations at Albion Park.
Post War.
Following the war, Trans Australia Airlines and Australian National Airways linked the airport with Canberra and Melbourne until 1950. From 1952, South Coast Airways operated a milk run between Sydney and Melbourne with intermediate stops in Wollongong (Albion Park), Bairnsdale and Sale. Ownership of the airfield was transferred to the Shellharbour Municipal Council in 1962. Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh visited the airport during a 1970 tour of Australia. Also during the 1970s, Southbank Aviation introduced commuter services from Albion Park to Newcastle and Canberra. The company would later relocate operations to Sydney, but Illawarra Regional Airport remained an important facility for pilot training and aircraft maintenance into the 1980s. 
In 1990, the first (and current) master plan was prepared for the Illawarra Regional Airport, providing a framework for future management and developments when Shellharbour City Council assumed full responsibility for the operation of the airport. Throughout the 1990s, development of facilities continued, including the construction of a new passenger terminal and upgrades to roads and navigation aids at the airport. Impulse Airlines operated to the airport from Melbourne and Newcastle until August 2000. In 2002, the Historical Aircraft Restoration Society began relocating their collection of aircraft to Illawarra Regional Airport from Bankstown Airport in Sydney. Their hangar was completed in 2005, along with several other major upgrades, including the strengthening and reconstruction of runway 16/34 with better lighting, enhanced security, and the opening of Shellharbour City's Light Aeronautics Industry Cluster. Coinciding with this upgrade was the commencement of Qantaslink services to Melbourne, although these were discontinued in 2008, leaving the airport with no regular passenger services.
Airport facilities.
The primary runway is 16/34, with a paved surface measuring . A displaced threshold reduces the available landing distance on runway 34 by to allow aircraft to clear high terrain along the approach path. 16/34 is equipped with pilot activated low intensity runway lighting, as well as precision approach path indicator systems to assist with landings under varying conditions. The secondary runway 08/26 is suitable for day operations only as it is not equipped with runway lighting and is restricted to aircraft with Maximum Takeoff Weights less than . 
There is no control tower located at the airport and pilots must co-ordinate arrivals and departures using a Common Traffic Advisory Frequency, aided by an Aerodrome Frequency Response Unit (AFRU), which notifies pilots that their transmissions have been received on the frequency and activates lighting systems as appropriate. The nearest radio navigation aid for pilots is the Wollongong Non-Directional Beacon installation located within the airport boundary.Fuel is available for piston, turbine and jet powered aircraft and an automated weather service also operates at the airport.
Despite the length of the runway being sufficient for operating large passenger jets such as the Boeing 737, the pavements are currently only suitable for aircraft with a maximum takeoff weight not exceeding . This, as well as environmental and noise issues, limits the potential of Illawarra Regional Airport as a major gateway for airline operations despite its proximity to Sydney.
Businesses.
Aero V. Australia, makers of the Sadler Vampire microlight.
HARS.
The Historical Aircraft Restoration Society (HARS) is based at Illawarra Regional Airport. HARS was formed in 1979 by a group of aviation enthusiasts interested in the preservation of Australian Aviation History. Its mission is "To recover and where possible restore to flying condition, aircraft or types of aircraft that have played a significant part in Australian Aviation History both in the Civil and Military arenas".
The HARS has restored, or has acquired:

</doc>
<doc id="9829839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829839" title="Ornate tinamou">
Ornate tinamou

The ornate tinamou ("Nothoprocta ornata") is a type of Tinamou commonly found in the high altitude grassland and dry shrubland in subtropical and tropical regions of west central South America.
Etymology.
"Nothoprocta" comes from two Greek words, "nothos" meaning spurious or counterfeit and "prōktos" meaning hindpart or tail. Experts are unsure, however, they believe that this refers to the hidden tail of this Genus behind body feathers.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Kalinowski's tinamou "Nothoprocta kalinowskii" was considered a separate species but further research has deemed it a junior synonym of "Nothoprocta ornata branickii", and the SACC voted to do just that on 14 Feb 2007.
Subspecies.
The ornate tinamou has three subspecies as follows:
Description.
The ornate tinamou is approximately in length. Its upper parts are brownish-grey marked with black and buff, it is tawny-buff below with darker barring. Its head and neck are buff with prominent black spots, its bill is slender and curved, and its legs are either yellow or grey.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the ornate tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range.
This species is native to the puna of central Peru and the Andes of southeastern Peru, western Bolivia, extreme northern Chile, and northwestern Argentina.
Habitat.
The ornate tinamou lives in high-altitude grassland. They also live in shrubland, both high and low elevation, and they are showing some success of living on farmland. They prefer elevations of .
Conservation.
The IUCN list this species as Least Concern, with an occurrence rang eof .

</doc>
<doc id="9829858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829858" title="Yam Island Airport">
Yam Island Airport

Yam Island Airport is an airport in Yam Island, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9829863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829863" title="Sathing Phra District">
Sathing Phra District

Sathing Phra () is a district ("Amphoe") in the northern part of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Singhanakhon of Songkhla Province, Pak Phayun of Phatthalung Province, Krasae Sin and Ranot of Songkhla Province again. To the east is the Gulf of Thailand.
The western part of the district is at the shore of the Thale Luang, the northern part of the Songkhla Lake.
History.
Originally named Chathing Phra, it was renamed to Sathing Phra in 1961.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 79 villages ("muban"). Sathing Phra is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Cha Thing Phra.

</doc>
