<doc id="9898628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898628" title="Chacas">
Chacas

San Martin de Chacas is a Peruvian city, capital of the eponymous district and the Asunción Province, located in the east-central region of Ancash. It has an urban population of 2,082 located at 3,359 meters; and a district of 5,334 people. The district, located in the sub-basin of the Marañon River, has an area of 447.69 km², which represents 85% of the province. 
Chacas was founded in the 1570s, but it is known that the territory now covered by the province to which it belongs, together with the provinces of Huari and Carlos Fermín Fitzcarrald, are the most remote evidence of human presence in the Eastern Sierra Ancash, represented by the findings of caves and rock shelters prior to the Chavin culture. The ethnic group that was present in this place after the fall of the Chavin culture was the lordship of Huari.
The city is characterized for having remained unchanged over the original Andean-Andalusian architecture, with narrow streets, houses adorned with double water carved balconies and gates, made by craftsmen Don Bosco, whom the Father Ugo de Censi, Operation Mato Grosso (with Chacas as a hub) and Italian residents for thirty years, took charge of rebuilding the Shrine Mama Ashu and restoration of the baroque altarpiece dating from the 17th century, are now developing artwork for export to Europe, and the U.S., in addition to the unique stained glass factory in South America, having played a vital role in the development of the city.
During the festivities in honor of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, the bullfight and the Race To Tapes are held in the main square; has Mozo Danza ritual dance, Dance Cultural Heritage of the Nation and the Provincial Museum exhibits an extensive collection of pre-Columbian pieces. 
Toponymy.
There are two versions about the meaning of the name:
Geography.
Location.
Chacas district is located in the eastern slope of the White Mountains in the buffer zone of the Huascarán National Park. According to Javier Pulgar Vidal, the district includes the altitudinal Quechua), Suni or Jalca and Janca, and its elevation ranges from 2,800 meters in Upakasha, to 6,173 meters in the mountain Copa North. Chacas center is in the Quechua zone, where wheat (" Triticum" spp.) and other cereals are grown.
It is bordered to the northwest, west and southwest by the Carhuaz Province, to the north by the Acochaca District, to the northeast and east by the Carlos Fermín Fitzcarrald Province and to the southeast by the Huari Province.
Terrain.
The town Chacas is located on a plateau consisting mostly of undulating dacite, rising from its lowest point in the town of Chucpin to 3000 m to 3560 m above sea level in Cochas. The terrain around this plateau, as in the province, is very rugged and mountainous. The terrain elevations are higher up on the west bank of the district to share the White Mountains with Carhuaz. The highest peaks are the Perlilla (5,586 m), located to the south east, Wakuy with 4,702 meters to the west and Copa (6,173 m).
Hydrography.
The district hydrographic network consists of a set of rivers and streams that wash many geographical areas, and completing a map of water resources for the district, both for human consumption and for irrigation. As for the rivers, there are two main running through the district from south to north: The Gun River, which rises on the slopes of Perlilla S, and Chakapata river, which rises on the slopes of the Ulta W. These channels are fed by 35 streams along its route to its junction Puruytumaq where the river takes the name of Aquchaka.
The most important streams are used by towns to ensure water supplies for irrigation and human consumption are: to the east, Rayan, west and south the Camchas the Juitush.
The district has 32 lakes, only one has been dammed for the purpose of human consumption, Patarqucha.
The major gaps are: Libron and Cancaraca west, south, and Patarqucha Pagarisha, east Wakuyqucha and Ventanilla.
Climate.
The district area has a diverse range of microclimate. These will vary according to altitude, latitude and other factors. Because of its location ( puna low) and being close to tropical, presents a stark contrast of temperatures 24 hours a day. For example, on a clear day (July) temperatures range between 10 ° and 30 °Celsius, while night temperatures range from -3 ° to 10 °Celsius.
History.
Beginnings.
According to the theory of Julio C. Tello, the first settlers of this region were the Waris, from Central America arrived by way of the jungle and populated the South American continent.
Chavín influence.
There is evidence that Chavín has been the cultural center of Wari in the north, as was Tiwanaku in the south. Therefore, the Chavin culture in those times influenced throughout Ancash.
The disintegration of the powerful Wari empire, different nations united by raza, language, customs, religion, organized themselves into kingdoms was a time of war between these groups, which turned into surrender in small towns to large estates, so formed the nation of the Conchucos, composed of numerous tribes in the territory now occupied by the provinces Huari, Antonio Raimondi, Fitzcarraldo, Asunción, Pomabamba, Mariscal Luzuriaga, Sihuas, Corongo, Pallasca.
Presence and cultural Pashash.
Between the years 100 to 1000 years, Pashash culture developed in the northern Sierra de Ancash (Cabana) and projected towards the center and south of the same department. It is called Recuay (Pashash-Recuay) the late development of Pashash culture (500-1000), it is noteworthy that before being hit by Pashash-Recuay, already living in those places small agricultural towns of rural life and manufacturing ceramics simple.
Time of the Incas.
Between the years 1000 to 1470 was the time of the stately formations late late or regional states, which also had demonstrations in the territories of the province Asunción today.
Chacas (provincial capital) was one of the lordships of the kingdom of Conchucos (on the eastern slopes of the Cordillera Blanca), which flourished until the Inca domination.
Inca domination was between 1460 and 1533. The kingdoms of Huaylas (western slope of the Cordillera Blanca) and were incorporated into Tawantinsuyu Conchucos, after a bloody invasion of the Inca Pachacuti, mission fulfilled his brother, General Qhapaq Yupanqui. That process of domination was incomplete, though it lasted 80 years, the Spanish set foot on this REGON when cuzqueñización process still was not finished. For this reason the Inca institutions not lay deep roots in the soil conchucano as illustrated by the Father Santiago Márquez.
The abundance of pirushtus, which are defensive constructions parte4s raised in the higher hills, witnessed by the existence of antagonistic groups living warring between s.
There is evidence that the Incas failed to fully impose their culture, which ezplica differences in custom, religion and language of Ancash with respect to Cuzco.
Colonial Period.
The people of the eastern highlands of Ancash would have submitted, with little resistance to the invaders, in order to get rid of the Incas.
Chacas Foundation
The first Spanish settlement, which was an Indian Reduction was founded between 1575 and 1578 approximately. They found was standard in the cities of the colonized territories imposing the place name, the name of a saint, under whose protection and devotion by the foundation. He was appointed " Reducción Indigena de San Martin I Papa de Chacas", and that these lands belonged to the realm of Native Chagas, of those who come from other lineages: Janampa, Llashaq, Mallki, Rupay and Waraq.
The foundation of this reduction is attributed to Indian evangelists Augustinians, they arrived with Spanish and Creole families began to settle around the chapel of St. Martin I Pope to exploit mineral deposits in the surrounding areas.
Probably the official founding of the town were the Augustinian religious Hernan Garcia and Alfonso Espinoza.
When Santo Toribio de Mogrovejo Chacas visit the village for the second time in 1594, he slogan stable tax population of 154 Indians and as head of doctrine, a population of 552 Indians. As noted in two of the pages written by the scribe Hernando de Mori during his stay in the town of San Luis and then attach the paper's second visit to Santo Toribio de Mogrovejo.
"f. 110 ... the same way the Indians gave the people of the next memory Chacas: 154 tributary Indians, 33 Indians reserved, 298 confession, 552 animas between small and large, as it seems and has all the memory that relationship."
"f. 108v ... In the villages and parts are referred to two doctrines and put them two priests in the following form, in the village of Chacas and in the mill of the lawyer Diego Alvarez and Juan Melgarejo's stay is a priest with the synod and salary following: the mill tested three hundred pesos."
"... There are cures for these two doctrines Father Francisco Diaz de Lugo, who is in San Luis, and Martin Perez in the mill and the town of Chacas."
During the viceroyalty, Chacas first belonged to the Archbishopric of Lima since 1774 from step to the jurisdiction of the commissariat of Tarma.
He became an outstanding thanks to mining center in the hills surrounding were discovered rich veins of silver that soon were worked by the Spanish and immigrants from other countries as evidenced by the different mills whose ruins remain today showing ditches characteristics and stone mills, these mills or mills were major:
San José de Mushuqmarka:Founded in 1716, was the largest mill of the present territory of Asunción for 60 years, owned by Captain Juan Tafur mining of Cordova, which operated mines of Caxavilca, Kellayruna, Chucpin, Huiro and others founded the chaplaincy of Mushuqmarka in 1718, before Don Gabriel Mechado de Castro, chief justice and lieutenant-general of the Province of Conchucos, awarding of the said goods grinding mill metals to their alfalfa and grain mill mol.
Because of its importance, the mill was visited by several officials of the viceroyalty during operation, in 1739, after the death of John Tafur, the Commissioner of the Inquisition and General of Cavalry of the then province of Conchucos Aciego Miguel Gonzales of the visit on behalf of the Royal Audience of Lima to conduct any investigation in between the heirs in 1743, the mayor, general and Justice High Felipe Osorio de Los Rios, ingenuity comes to inventory, property and give possession of the chaplaincy to Don Joaquin de la Cerna, in 1763, the captain general, mayor, chief justice, judge of goods and departed, mayor of mines and records of the province of Conchucos, Juan de Leon and Mendoza arrives to comply will among other things relating to the construction of the altarpiece in Chacas, livestock in the highlands of Juitush and their land in Chacabamba and Chucpín.
Ingenio of Virgin of the Immaculate Conception of Tumac: Owned by mining azoguero Claudio Mosquera, whose descendants acquired property Francisco Giron de Cabrera and whose possession is effective for real provision mandate in 1715 with the obligation to work and pay the royal fifths His Majesty the King.
Ingenio of Santa Catalina with Huancachay. Owned mining Sergeant Don Miguel Rincon Rodriguez and exploiting mine and San Antonio Huamana of Apash. This mill was operational until the Republican era, as Antonio Raimondi visited him in 1860. Included in its work and its mineral riches Ancash (1870)
There are also signs of other mills that were located in the Ruriqucha gorge, which were treated minerals: Punta Diamante and Santa Barbara. This corresponds Estapé mining boom Chacas temple, which was declared National Historical Monument 9373 by act of Congress of September 15, 1941.
The chronicles of the time reflected the diverse testimony concerning Chacas received visits by officials of the viceregal government:
The 17th and 18th centuries meant the consolidation and growth of the rule of Spain in Peru, but also its decline. The province does not escape this study context. The decline was not due to depletion of the mineral wealth of our territory, main economic activity of the Spanish in these lands. But, rather, the extermination of the native population, through the mita forced labor system in the mines, mills and encomiendas.
Obligations imposed parallel to the Indians for the benefit of the commissioners and magistrates. All this contributed to the gradual settlement of Indigenous peoples and its social organization ayllus and during the years of entire families.
Independence.
In 1780, the peoples of Strong Piscobamba and Chacas staged rebellions, motivated by the ominous mandatory taxes that the Indians had to pay, in addition to the abuses of the chiefs and magistrates. Social movements were foreshadowing the colonial crisis and the advent of the Republic.
Between 1819 and 1820, people continued to react and continued turmoil. The envoy, Saint Martin, Governor - Don Dionisio Vizcarra, swore independence in the main square of all the peoples of conchucos (starting with the people of Chacas). The people of Chacas supported with livestock and food for the support of the independence cause of liberating army.
Republican period.
It was only after three decades of independence, giving rise to another historical period and readjustment of the population, until in 1853 the peace was interrupted by a tragedy of major proportions. The region and specifically the people of Chacas suffered the onset of epidemic typhus, spread around the Callejón de Huaylas, reaching Corongo. The people of Chacas part of the province of Huari, created in 1834. The year was 1983, which raises the new province of Asunción in two districts: Chaco (provincial capital) and the District of Acochaca (Law No. 23 764)
Prominent historical.
The Museum"Site"is in the Plaza de Armas of Chacas, where are collected and sorted the remains of stone sculpture and pottery found in different parts of the province. The collection of ceramics, sculpture and other ancient artifacts had been gathered by the Provincial Municipality of Asunción (1997). Contains approximately 400 pieces, this is considered one of the largest Ancash. Chacas Museum is emerging as a cultural institution that brings alive the ancient culture and encourages tourism Chacas.
Legend.
They say that the first people of Chacas was located at a place called Mushoj Brand (small town), a more or less than 2 miles from the present town, founded by the Spanish. The Virgin knew that later was to have a great and solemn festival, and people would be in danger due to the proximity of Mushoj mark to the torrents of the river Chucpin would be easily consumed by the effects of drink and disappear for a moment torrentes.Al forth between people over the years continued to grow and with it the dangers of living along a river, so the Virgin decided to seek a better place to welcome the faithful. Ashu call an old lady who lived on a plateau a mile from Mushoj Brand was given the surprise one morning strangely lukewarm among kenuales, kisuares bunch grass and is a beautiful lady She cleansed skin almost glowing snowy and delicate hands with a child on your lap, beside a small lake, the beautiful lady said that he wanted to build their temple at that place, every morning the virgin departed for the small lake after passing through the crops of wheat and potato, took a short break in the rise of Chucpin, at a place called Mamita Hamana (¨ where the Virgin sat ¨), at dusk each day, the Virgin was found in the lake for the residents of Mushoj Brand after learning by Ashu through the virgin pastorsita wanted a temple at that place, drained the small lake on his bed, laid the foundation for the temple, naming the end, Mama Ashu the Virgin in honor Ashu perhaps the shepherd.
Operation Mato Grosso.
The founder of Operation Mato Grosso is the Father Hugo Censi, true architect of this humanitarian work.
The life of Father Hugo, and sacrificed so intense, full of affection given and received, is an example that affects many young people who want to imitate and follow. Already more than 2,500 volunteers in Italy and 300 permanent volunteers in South America.
Contributors
The whole movement is based on two pillars:
The origin of the organization is Italian and, indeed, Italy offers the greatest strength of employees once they reach a number higher than 2,500.
In Spain, in 2002, created a partnership formed by two small groups of collaborators, one in Madrid and one in Puerto Hurraco (Badajoz), who claim to be the seed of a greater force to bring prosperity to get the most impoverished South.
Father Ugo de Censi.
It is difficult to describe in words Father Ugo De Censi. It is difficult to understand, only words, his love, his devotion, his total dedication to the young and the poor, then try to talk about it for one of his letters.
"When I go among the poor of Peru, asked the Bishop of Huari assign me a parish located in one of the more remote valleys of the Andes. He told me and Yanama Chacas, located in the heart of the Cordillera Blanca, half of 3000 and 4000 meters, at the foot of Huascaran and Huandoy massif. Thus, the mountains that surround my life. For my people, the mountains are "nice" if you give the grass and wood, while the glaciers and snowfields just remind them of hunger and cold. In the past 30 years, things have changed a lot in the mountains. From the slopes, where they grow potatoes and cereals, they have seen strangers go with backpacks and colorful clothes."
What do you look them in the mountains? What is it that draws them there? Many of these newcomers are careful not to trample the flowers, but spend without worrying about poverty and traditions of these people. They often do not even understand who the people living in the foothills of the mountains they climb. With the eyes of poor farmers look at these new "Pathfinder" ... I understand, because I love the mountain too, but here they talk about the opening of new routes to the summits. Can not they help open the way also for my young sons of farmers who are forced to migrate to Lima just to earn their daily bread? "
Authorities.
Mama Ashu.
The Sanctuary has the classic double bell structure, with fine carving and stained glass door at the top of the facade. Inside are the doors, windows and seats carved wood decorated with angels and stained glass. In the background is seen the altarpiece made of cedar imported from Nicaragua, baroque bathed in gold leaf, built between 1690-1695 and found National Historic Landmark by an Act of Congress of the Republic of Peru 15, 9373 September 1941.
Tourism.
Sightseeing in the city of Chacas
Square - Chacas Museum - Shrine-Parish Mama Ashu Chacas - Mamita Lourdes - Cooperative Huanunga-Don Bosco - Stable Lluitsupananga.
Chacas adventure sports in and around.
Folklore.
Dances.
The types of dance practiced in the province are varied, here are some:
Celebrations.
Festivities in honor of Mama Ashu.
The main festival is the August 15 for "Mama Ashu" (cult devoted to Virgin of the Assumption).

</doc>
<doc id="9898629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898629" title="List of National Basketball Association top rookie rebounding averages">
List of National Basketball Association top rookie rebounding averages

This list exhibits the National Basketball Association's top rookie single-season rebounding averages based on at least 70 games played "or" 800 rebounds. The NBA did not record rebounds until the 1950-51 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9898644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898644" title="William Craven, 1st Earl of Craven, 7th Baron Craven">
William Craven, 1st Earl of Craven, 7th Baron Craven

Major-General William Craven, 1st Earl of Craven (28 September 1770 – 30 July 1825) was a British soldier.
Life.
Craven was the eldest son of William Craven, 6th Baron Craven, and succeeded his father as seventh Baron Craven in 1791. He served in the Army and achieved the rank of major-general. In 1801 he was created Viscount Uffington, in the County of Berkshire, and Earl of Craven, in the County of York. The earldom was a revival of the title held by his 17th-century kinsman and namesake William Craven, 1st Earl of Craven.
Craven later served as Lord Lieutenant of Berkshire from 1819 to 1826. He mostly resided at Coombe Abbey, near Coventry in Warwickshire and occasionally at Hamstead Marshall in Berkshire. He is not entirely forgotten — Harriette Wilson begins her famous memoir, "I shall not say why and how I became, at the age of fifteen, the mistress of the Earl of Craven."
Craven married Louisa Brunton in 1807. He died in July 1825, aged 54, and was succeeded in his titles by his son William.

</doc>
<doc id="9898657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898657" title="Salome Kammer">
Salome Kammer

Salome Kammer (born 17 January 1959 in Nidda, Hesse, Germany) is a German actress, singer and cellist.
Professional career.
Kammer was the fourth of six children. Her father was a Protestant pastor. Although born in Nidda, she grew up in Ober-Mockstadt, before her family moved to Frankfurt when she was eight. 
Kammer studied at the Folkwang Hochschule from 1977 to 1984, cello with Maria Kliegel and Janos Starker. She was a member of the Heidelberg theater from 1983. In 1988 she played the role of Clarissa Lichtblau in the film "Die Zweite Heimat", its sequel, "Heimat 3", and the complementary "Fragments — The Women" ("Fragmente — die Frauen"), by Edgar Reitz.
Now married to Reitz, she lives in Munich and is a noted performer of contemporary classical music.
In 2008 she recorded as "Salomix-Max" as a tribute to soprano Cathy Berberian, music of Cole Porter, Luciano Berio, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Johann Valentin Görner, Carola Bauckholt, Tarquinio Merula, Alban Berg, Harold Arlen, Rudi Spring, Kurt Weill, Helmut Oehring and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. In 2009 she appeared in songs and Chansons of the 1920s to 1940s, accompanied by Spring, at the Rheingau Musik Festival. In 2011 she appeared at the festival in the Komponistenporträt of Hans Zender in his "denn wiederkommen (Hölderlin lesen III)" and "Mnemosyne (Hölderlin lesen IV)" with the Athena Quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="9898662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898662" title="William Worthington">
William Worthington

William Worthington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9898663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898663" title="Mesh Flinders">
Mesh Flinders

Ramesh "Mesh" Flinders (born 1979) is a screenwriter who, along with Miles Beckett and Greg Goodfried, is best known for creating the groundbreaking lonelygirl15 video series which received international attention during the summer months of 2006.
Flinders grew up in a spiritual community outside of San Francisco, and attended St. Vincent's high school in Petaluma, CA. He graduated from Occidental College in Los Angeles., While there Flinders wrote about an alter-ego, the home schooled girl who would eventually become Bree, and told fireside tales about her as a camp counselor in Maine.
Flinder's first film was called "In the Time of My Undoing," which won the 2003 Occidental College student film award.
Flinders' short film "Pond" is about a high school age girl (not unlike the later character Bree on lonelygirl15) who gets left behind on a museum field trip and meets the ghost of the museum's famous architect. Together they solve the mystery of his confinement, freeing the architect from his museum purgatory, and helping Ana find something to care about. The Pond screenplay won the Panavision Young Writer's award in 2004. "Pond" was premiered at the 2006 New York Short Film Festival, and was an official selection in many other film festivals including the 2007 Sacramento Film Festival and 2006 Spokane International Film Festival.
In early 2006, Flinders was working as an assistant in the entertainment industry and maker of short films when he met Beckett at a karaoke bar birthday party. Beckett had the idea to tell a story about a videoblogger on YouTube, and Flinders had the perfect character. The duo quickly set about planning, writing scripts and held a casting call. Around the time the series began, Flinders and Beckett contacted Greg Goodfried for legal advice. The three eventually became known as The Creators.
Bree's bedroom in the lonelygirl15 series was in fact Flinders' apartment. Most of the girlie accessories in the room were purchased at Target and thrift stores.
After Lonelygirl15 was revealed as fictional, Flinders, Beckett, and Goodfried founded Telegraph Ave. Productions to develop other web series and to support "online buzz" for movies and TV shows.
Flinders has hosted a number of new media related talks, including ones in June 2007 for The Hollywood and Games Summit and in September 2007 for the Flash Point Academy.
Flinders wrote, edited, and/or directed more than 200 episodes of LG15 before leaving the production at the end of 2007 to work exclusively on film projects. Telegraph Ave. Productions subsequently became EQAL in mid-2008.
Flinders currently lives in Manhattan where he recently completed a short feature, "Further Ln." which premiered at the Atlanta Film Festival in April, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9898682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898682" title="Cellulose insulation">
Cellulose insulation

The word cellulose comes from the French word for a living cellule and glucose, which is sugar. Building insulation is low-thermal-conductivity material used to reduce building heat loss and gain, and reduce noise transmission. Cellulose insulation is plant fiber used in wall and roof cavities to insulate, draught proof and reduce noise.
History of cellulose insulation.
Cellulose is among the oldest types of building insulation material. Many types of cellulosic materials have been used, including newspaper, cardboard, cotton, straw, sawdust, hemp and corncob. Monticello was insulated with a form of cellulose. Modern cellulose insulation, made with recycled newspaper using grinding and dust removing machines and adding a fire retardant, began in the 1950s and came into general use in the US during the 1970s.
The market for insulation increased following the oil embargo of 1973-74. The embargo caused energy costs for heating to skyrocket across the nation, which led to increased interest in energy conservation measures. Insulation gained significant national attention as a cheap and available technology to increase the energy efficiency of homes. In 1977, following a particularly severe winter, a tax credit was given for homeowners who installed insulation.
While in 1976 there were roughly 100 cellulose insulation firms with 125 plants, by 1978 there were more than 350 firms with more than 500 plants1. Cellulose insulation was produced locally by small manufacturers who purchased ready-to-operate machines and offered a cheap and easy low-tech production process. Other than some constraints created by a shortage of boric acid for use as fire retardant, cellulose captured an increased share of the market due to lower costs and its suitability for retrofits. Meanwhile fiberglass and rockwool producers found it difficult to keep up with the demand for insulation from their customers.
Due to complaints by retailers, contractors and consumers about price, safety and quality control problems, the federal government began enacting insulation standards beginning in 1978. There was a great concern that the growth in cellulose manufactures was leading to improperly or insufficiently treating insulation against the threat of fire even though reliable statistics on a national basis did not exist. This led to the Federal Consumer Products Safety Commission passing 16 CFR Part 1209, which sets safety standards covering four product attributes for cellulose insulation only: settled density, corrosiveness, critical radiant flux and smoldering combustion. Another regulation passed was the “R-value Rule,” placing clear limitations on the claims that manufacturing and marketing firms can make about their product.
The effect of regulations by the CPSC put most of the small producers of cellulose insulation out of business. The costs incurred by increasing fire testing made cellulose more expensive and the bad publicity helped decrease demand. They were either unable to meet the testing requirements or they merged with other small manufacturers. In 1985 the CPSC asked Congress to repeal the flammability standard after further studies. By 1991 only 61 cellulose producers still remained in the US.
The fiberglass industry meanwhile benefited from most of the regulations passed by the federal government. The heavy lobbying by the more centralized fiberglass and mineral insulation manufacturers helped pass the tough fire standards for cellulose insulation. These standards were reinforced by technical bulletins published by the Mineral Insulation Manufacturers Association (currently known as the North American Insulation Manufacturers Association) that promoted fire hazard claims against cellulose insulation. These claims were not independently verified, faced little scientific review, or were purposefully misleading and untrue .
Currently cellulose insulation has increased again in use in the United States. Part of the reason for this growth are studies that suggest that cellulose may actually protect a building from damage in a fire better than fiberglass because cellulose is denser than fiberglass and doesn't allow the oxygen necessary to burn structural members. Several National Research Council Canada studies have backed these claims. Another major reason for the comeback of cellulose might be because of the increased interest in green building. Cellulose has the highest recycled content of any insulation material and also has less embodied energy than fiberglass and other furnace produced mineral insulations.
Manufacture.
Cellulose insulation is often made by hammer milling waste newspaper. The newspaper is treated with chemicals, such as boric acid, to retard the spread of fire.
Products.
Four major types of loose-fill cellulose products have been developed under a variety of brand names. These are generally characterized as dry cellulose, spray applied cellulose, stabilized cellulose, and low dust cellulose. These types are used in different parts of a building and for different reasons.
Dry cellulose (loose fill).
Dry cellulose is used in retrofitting old homes by blowing the cellulose into holes drilled into the tops of the walls. It can also be blown into a new wall construction by using temporary retainers or netting that is clamped in place then removed once the cellulose has reached the appropriate density. This form of application does settle as much as 20% but the stated R-value of the cellulose is accurate after settling occurs. In addition, a dense-pack option can be used to reduce settling and further minimize air gaps. Dense-pack places pressure on the cavity, and should be done by an experienced installer.
Loose fill in walls is an antiquated technique of using cellulose in wall cavities. The home performance industry and its accrediting bodies support the dense-pack standard of insulating wall cavities, which does not settle. This method stops the stack effect and convective loops in wall cavities.
Spray-applied cellulose (wet-spray cellulose).
Spray-applied cellulose is used for applying cellulose to new wall construction. The differences are the addition of water to the cellulose while spraying as well as adding some kind of moisture retardant such as chlorine to prevent mold cultures. In some cases the insulation might also mix in a very small percentage of adhesive or activate a dry adhesive present in the cellulose. Wet-spray allows application without the need for a temporary retainer. In addition, wet-spray allows for an even better seal of the insulated cavity against air infiltration and eliminates settling problems. Wet-spray installation requires that the wall be allowed to dry for a minimum of 24 hours (or until maximum of 25% moisture is reached) before being covered.
Stabilized cellulose.
Stabilized cellulose is used most often in attic/roof insulation. It is applied with a very small amount of water to activate an adhesive of some kind. This reduces settling and decreases the amount of cellulose needed. This can prove advantageous at reducing the overall weight of the product on the ceiling drywall helping prevent possible sag. This application is ideal for sloped roofs and has been approved for 5:12 (41.66%) slopes.
Low-dust cellulose.
The last major type of cellulose insulation on the market is low-dust variety. Nuisance levels of dust are created during application of most types of dry insulation causing the need for simple dust masks to be worn during installation. This kind of cellulose has a small percentage of oil or similar dust dampener added. This may also be appropriate to homes where people are sensitive to newsprint or paper dust (though new dust will not be created after installation).
Advantages of cellulose insulation.
Thermal performance.
The thermal performance of loose filled cellulose compares favorably to other types of low cost insulation, but is lower than that of polyurethane and polyisocyanurate foams. The thermal conductivity of loose-fill cellulose is approximately 40 mW/m·K (an R-value of 3.8 per inch) which is about the same as or slightly better than glass wool or rock wool. This doesn’t represent the whole picture of thermal performance. Other important aspects are how well the building envelope is sealed from air infiltration, convective airflows, and thermal bridging.
Cellulose is very good at fitting around items in walls like pipes and wiring, leaving few air pockets that can reduce the overall efficiency of the wall. Dense pack cellulose can seal walls from air infiltration while providing the density to limit convection, when installed properly. The University of Colorado School of Architecture and Planning did a study that compared two seemingly identical test structures, one insulated with cellulose and the other with fiberglass. The cellulose insulation lost 26.4% less heat energy over time compared to the fiberglass insulation. It also was shown to tighten the structure more than 30%. Subsequent real world surveys have cellulose performing 20-30% better at reducing energy used for heating than fiberglass.
Compared to closed cell, Polyurethane foam insulation (R=5.5 to 6.5 per inch), cellulose has a lower R-value per inch, but is much less expensive; foam has a higher cost per equivalent R-value. (needs citation)
Long-term cost savings.
Annual savings from insulating vary widely and depend on several factors, including insulation thickness, original wall performance, local climate, heating/cooling use, airtightness of other building elements and so on.
One installer claims cellulose insulation "can save homeowners 20 to 50 percent on their utility bills".
Sound insulation.
Insulation reduces sound travelling through walls and between floor levels. Cellulose provides mass and damping. This reduces noise in 2 ways, it reduces the lateral movement of sheetrock and attenuates the passage of sound along cavities. Cellulose is approximately three times denser than fiberglass, providing a slight improvement in sound reduction.
Mold and pest control.
The borates in cellulose insulation provide added control against mold. Installations have shown that even several months of water saturation and improper installation did not result in mold.
It is a common misconception that the mere presence of crude borates in cellulose insulation provides pest control properties to the product. While boric acid itself does kill self-grooming insects if ingested, it must be presented to an insect in both sufficient concentration and in an ingestible form in order to achieve insect fatality. Proper testing of products containing borates must be performed in order to determine whether dosage and presentation are sufficient to kill insects. Once tested, registration with the EPA as a pesticide is required before a product may be touted as having pesticidal capabilities in the USA.
Fire retardation.
The borate treatment also gives cellulose the highest (Class I) fire safety rating. Many cellulose companies use a blend of ammonium sulfate and borate.
Vapor barrier.
A vapor barrier may not be needed with cellulose insulation. For example, recent studies have shown that air movement is the primary method by which excessive moisture can accumulate in mild marine climate such as Portland, OR, USA. An insulation that fills the wall cavity completely (such as cellulose or foam) can help prevent moisture problems. Recommendations against using vapor barriers with cellulose insulation are supported by studies, even though they classify cellulose as vapor permeable.
In addition, cellulose acts to distribute moisture throughout the cavity, preventing the buildup of moisture in one area and helping to dry the moisture more quickly. Cellulose manufacturers do not recommend the installation of a vapor barrier with cellulose.
Most US city codes will require a vapor barrier for any external wall. Most US cities will consider an appeal of the requirement if proper reasoning is provided. In March 2008 The US city of Portland, Oregon, approved an appeal to waive the requirement for a vapor barrier/retarder when using cellulose insulation. The appeal can be viewed in the Portland Bureau of Development Services search form by searching for appeal ID 4996. Fundamental to any appeal is mentioning that recent studies show air movement is the primary problem for vapor, that cellulose is an effective barrier to air movement, and that cellulose acts to diffuse vapor.
Disadvantages.
Cellulose has a few disadvantages. As compared to other insulation options, the R-value of 3.6 to 3.8 per inch is good but not the best. Cost per R-value is good. Spray foam has many of the same benefits as wet-spray cellulose (such as sealing the cavity), while having advantages in R-value and rigidity and air sealing. Many spray foams utilize an environmentally harmful blowing agent, such as Enovate HFC, cellulose does not.
Dust.
Cellulose contains some small particles which can be blown into the house through inadequate seals around fixtures or minute holes.
Installation expertise and building codes.
In some areas it can be difficult to locate installers that are experienced with cellulose. An experienced installer understands how to correctly dense-pack loose fill dry cellulose, how to best apply stabilized (partly wet) cellulose on sloped surfaces, and the proper time required for wet-spray cellulose to dry.
As with other non-batt insulation, US city and regional/state building codes may not be updated for cellulose insulation. Homeowners should call the city to verify that the insulation will be approved, and it may be necessary to provide product specifications to the city. This is not difficult, and the installer and the manufacturer should both be willing to handle this process, saving the homeowner any true effort.
Slumping.
Loose fill cellulose slumps after application. In some situations this can leave areas of wall uninsulated.
Weight.
For a given R-value, loose cellulose weighs roughly three times as much per square foot as loose fiberglass. Ceiling structures should be inspected for signs of weakness before choosing a material for insulating the ceilings of existing structures.
Offgassing.
Many cellulose companies use a blend of ammonium sulfate and borate for fire retardation. Although ammonium sulfate is normally odorless, unexplained emission of ammonia and a resulting ammonia smell has been found in some cases.
Mold.
There is some evidence of increased mold infestation inside buildings insulated with wet spray dense pack cellulose especially when used with a vapor barrier.
Environmental properties.
Recycled content.
Cellulose is composed of 75-85% recycled paper fiber, usually post-consumer waste newsprint. The other 15% is a fire retardant such as boric acid or ammonium sulphate. Cellulose has the highest recycled content of any insulation available. For example, fiberglass has a maximum amount of 50% recycled content.
Low toxicity and environmental impact of raw materials.
The non-recycled components of cellulose insulation are still environmentally preferable to the raw materials of most other insulation types. Unlike foam insulations, many of which use HFC or HCFC blowing agents which have global warming potential higher than that of carbon dioxide, cellulose does not produce significant gaseous emissions.
Toxicity of the raw materials of insulation types is typically highest during manufacture or installation. Neither is a significant issue with cellulose.
OSHA states that cellulose is a dust nuisance, requiring a dust mask during installation. This compares very favorably to the potential NIOSH cancer risk of fiberglass.
Embodied energy.
The embodied energy of cellulose insulation is the lowest of the popular insulation types. It requires 20 to 40 times as much energy to produce furnace-made insulation materials compared to cellulose. Cellulose is made by electrically powered machines while mineral insulation is made in fuel powered furnaces, reducing this advantage to a degree, as electricity generation is less than 50% efficient. If electricity is sourced from renewable energy sources, the efficiency of electric production does not matter as efficiency is not a precondition for sustainability. Cellulose is made with locally available paper, while mineral insulation factories ship materials and products over greater distances.
Cellulose insulation uses borates for fire retardation. Borates are a non-renewable mined product.
Insulation is green.
All insulation helps make buildings more energy efficient. Using cellulose insulation can contribute to obtaining LEED credits in the US Green Building Council certification program. It can earn credit in two categories: the Energy and Atmosphere energy performance category and the Materials and Resources recycled content category.
Product safety.
 Cellulose insulation can be very dusty during installation and it is recommended that a standard dust mask be worn while working. There is slight concern over the off gassing of ink from the newspapers but the material is sealed behind walls, and no studies have shown this as an issue.

</doc>
<doc id="9898698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898698" title="Umbilical line">
Umbilical line

An umbilical line is a catheter that is inserted into one of the two arteries or the vein of the umbilical cord. Generally the UAC/UVC (Umbilical Artery Catheter/Umbilical Vein Catheter) is used in Neonatal Intensive Care Units (NICU) as it provides quick access to the central circulation of premature infants. UAC/UVC lines can be placed at the time of birth and allow medical staff to quickly infuse fluids, inotropic drugs, and blood if required. It is sometimes used in term or near-term newborns in whom the umbilical cord stump is still connected to the circulatory system. Medications, fluids, and blood can be given through this catheter and it allows monitoring of blood gasses and withdrawing of blood samples. Complications include infection and thromboembolism.
"Transumbilical catheter intervention" is also a method of gaining access to the heart, for example to surgically correct a patent ductus arteriosus.

</doc>
<doc id="9898699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898699" title="Gerald Maitland-Carew">
Gerald Maitland-Carew

The Hon. Gerald Edward Ian Maitland-Carew (born 28 December 1941) is Lord Lieutenant of Roxburgh, Ettrick and Lauderdale in Scotland (from March 2007), prior to which he was Deputy Lieutenant, from 1989.
Maitland-Carew was born into an Anglo-Irish aristocratic family, being the second son of The 6th Baron Carew by his Scottish spouse, Sylvia Gwendoline, daughter of The 15th Earl of Lauderdale. His father, Lord Carew, was the owner of Castletown House in Celbridge, County Kildare, which is possibly the largest country house still standing (and not a ruin) anywhere in Ireland. As the Maitland's male entail had been broken, he inherited Thirlestane Castle through his mother, in 1971, when he also assumed the new surname of Maitland-Carew by Deed Poll. He is now trustee of both the Thirlestane Castle and Mellerstain House Charitable Trusts.
Educated at Harrow School, he served in the 15th/19th The King's Royal Hussars, reaching the rank of Captain. He is today a member of the Territorial Army Committee, and is a Brigadier of the Royal Company of Archers. 
Maitland-Carew was chairman of the Lauderdale and Gala Water Branch of the Royal British Legion Scotland between 1974 and 2004, of Musselburgh Racecourse between 1988 and 1998 as well as of the Gurkha Welfare Trust in Scotland between 1996 to 2003. For the International League for Protection of Horses, he was first chairman from 1999 to 2006, and is for a short time its vice-president. Since 1982, Maitland-Carew is chairman and also host of the Scottish Horse Trials Championships at Thirlestane Castle, and since 1989 has been a member of the Jockey Club. 
He is married with two sons and a daughter.
An episode of the PBS series "The Story of English" devotes a segment to the Maitland family's linguistic heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="9898711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898711" title="Whizz Whizz Bang Bang">
Whizz Whizz Bang Bang

Whizz Whizz Bang Bang is a BBC television series that began airing the fifth of March, 2007. The show is presented by Greg Foot. It features a different child in each programme who has an invention idea and then the team, with the help of Ralph, tries to build it. Most attempts have been successful, although all ideas have had to be slightly changed to make them practical. Inventions have included a hover scooter, a hydraulic off road wheel chair, basketball launcher, jet engine bed and an Air Guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="9898723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898723" title="Mark Reed">
Mark Reed

Mark Reed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9898732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898732" title="2001 Polish Film Awards">
2001 Polish Film Awards

The 2001 Polish Film Awards was the 3rd edition of Polish Film Awards: Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="9898737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898737" title="WOLD (song)">
WOLD (song)

"W·O·L·D" is a song written and performed by Harry Chapin. The song is about an aging disc jockey who travels the United States seeking happiness, which he believes he will find by following his passion for being a radio broadcaster, only to discover that his life, looks, and voice have passed him by, which is alluded to in the song's title. (WOLD) The song is sung through the point of view of a phone call conversation from the DJ to his ex-wife, only hearing what he has to say to her. The lyrics go on to reveal that perhaps we can never change who we really are and that what he had really wanted was the love and companionship that had eluded him in a previous failed relationship.
Inspiration.
This hit song was inspired by radio personality Jim Connors, who is credited for discovering Chapin, and pushing his hit, "Taxi", through Boston radio station WMEX, where he was the AM Drive time host. After the debut of "Taxi", Chapin sat in on a phone conversation Connors was having with his ex-wife while in studio at WMEX. This conversation led to a deep and personal discussion during an interview both on and off the air between the men. They talked about life, the business, marriage, divorce, happiness, and all the troubles associated with being a DJ and the music business at the time.
WOLD-FM is an actual radio station in Marion, Virginia, which went on the air in 1968, five years before Chapin recorded the song. Shortly after "W·O·L·D" made it on the charts, Chapin went to visit Connors at his new AM host job at WYSL in Buffalo, New York, for an interview. During this 30-minute interview, the men discussed the inspiration of the hit song "W·O·L·D", caught up on time that had passed, and Connors informed Chapin about the impact the song had on his real life.
This song was also one of the major inspirations for Hugh Wilson in creating the television series "WKRP in Cincinnati", which ran on network television for 90 episodes from 1978 to 1982 and continues to this day in syndication. While Chapin would change the station call letters to suit the location when performing live, he used the WKRP call letters in a performance at Hamilton Place, Ontario, (recorded for television broadcast and released on home video as "Harry Chapin: The Final Concert") which would be his final show before his death in July 1981.
Discography.
From the album "Short Stories", the song peaked on the US charts at #36 in March 1974 and at #34 in the UK. However, when Chapin sings the song on the "Greatest Stories Live" album, he jokingly says that the song actually charted for "15 minutes".

</doc>
<doc id="9898776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898776" title="Tsar Asen">
Tsar Asen

Tsar Asen () is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. it has 384 inhabitants. The village is located on one of the several roads between Pazardzhik and Panagyurishte. There is a copper mine in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="9898781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898781" title="Nikolay Kochetkov">
Nikolay Kochetkov

Nikolay Konstantinovich Kochetkov (; May 18, 1915, Moscow - 2005) was a Soviet chemist and academician (1979). Awarded the Lomonosov Gold Medal in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9898789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898789" title="Philistine captivity of the Ark">
Philistine captivity of the Ark

The Philistine captivity of the Ark was an episode described in the biblical history of the Israelites, in which the Ark of the covenant was in the possession of the Philistines, who had captured it after defeating the Israelites in a battle at a location between Eben-ezer, where the Israelites encamped, and Aphek, (probably Antipatris) where the Philistines encamped. 
The ark narrative does not include any mention of Samuel; Bill Arnold suggests that it is "in order to celebrate the power of Yahweh's ark." Many scholars put 1 Samuel 4 - 6 together with 2 Samuel 6 and believe that it reflects an old source that was eventually incorporated into the History of David's Rise or into the later Deuteronomistic History.
According to the 1 Samuel 4, prior to the battle the Ark had been residing at the ancient sanctuary of Shiloh, but was brought out by the Israelites in hope of victory. The Israelites suffered a significant defeat, Hophni and Phinehas, sons of the High Priest Eli, were killed and the ark was captured. The news of the ark's capture was such a shock to Eli that he fell off his chair and died, while Phinehas' wife died in childbirth as she heard the news, giving birth to Ichabod, whose name means "Where is the glory?" Robert Alter argues that 1 Samuel 4:22 should be translated as "Glory is "exiled" from Israel," and that the story of the Philistine captivity of the ark is one of exile. Peter Leithart suggests that Israel deserved to go into exile, but the ark did so instead: "Yahweh went into exile, taking on the curse of the covenant for His people, and while in exile He fought for them and defeated the gods of Philistia."
1 Samuel 5 and 6 describes the Philistines as having to move the Ark to several parts of their territory, as hemmorhoids ("emerods") afflicted the people in each town to which it was taken: Ashdod, then Gath, then Ekron. Stirrup points out that the "severity of the punishments increases through the passage": tumours in Ashdod (vv. 6-8), extensive tumours and panic in Gath, which had volunteered to take on the Ark (vv. 9,10a), and tumours on those who did not die and deathly panic in Ekron, which was 'volunteered' to take the Ark (vv. 10b-12). The text explicitly ascribes the plague to "Yahweh's hand" (5:6).
In Ashdod, when the Ark was placed in the temple of Dagon, the statue of Dagon was found prostrate in front of the Ark the next morning; after the statue of Dagon was restored to its place, it was again found prostrate the next morning, and this time its head and hands had also been broken off.
Leithart provides a number of parallels between the Philistine captivity of the Ark and the Plagues of Egypt in the Book of Exodus. The ark brings about plagues, humbles the gods of the Philistines and returns full of treasure. In fact, the Philistine diviners refer to the events of the Exodus in 1 Samuel 6:6. On the advice of these diviners about how to end the plagues, the Philistines made a guilt offering of five golden tumors and five gold mice (representing the five Philistine rulers). They then placed the gold along with the ark on a cart drawn by two milch cows, who head straight for Israel and do not waver. The ark stops at Beth Shemesh before finding a more permanent home at Kiriath-Jearim.

</doc>
<doc id="9898801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898801" title="The Pathfinder, or The Inland Sea">
The Pathfinder, or The Inland Sea

The Pathfinder, or The Inland Sea is an historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1840. It is the fourth novel Cooper wrote featuring Natty Bumppo, his fictitious frontier hero, and is considered as forming the third chronological episode of the Leatherstocking Tales. The inland sea of the title is Lake Ontario.
Composition.
"The Pathfinder" was written 13 years after Natty Bumppo had ended his career in "The Prairie". Cooper had questioned the wisdom of reviving this hero, and he was at the time engaged in fierce litigations with newspapers. The adventures of the plot on the water take authority from the fact that Cooper had as midshipman actually seen service on Lake Ontario.
Plot.
"The Pathfinder" shows Natty at his old trick of guiding tender damsels through the dangerous woods, and the siege at the blockhouse and the storm on Lake Ontario are considerably like other of Cooper's sieges and storms. Natty, in this novel commonly called La Longue Carabine, keeps in a hardy middle age his simple and honest nature, which is severely tested by his love for a young girl. She is a conventional heroine of romance. A certain soft amiability about her turns for a time all the thoughts of the scout to the world of domestic affections. More talkative than ever before, he reveals new mental and moral traits. With the same touch of realism which had kept Uncas and Cora apart in "The Last of the Mohicans", Cooper separates these lovers, and sends Natty's romantic interest to the arms of a younger suitor, restoring the hero to his home in the wilderness.
Distinctions.
It is the only book in the Leatherstocking series to show Natty Bumppo in love, and the first of Cooper's books which made important imaginative use of the Great Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="9898804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898804" title="Jackie Appiah">
Jackie Appiah

Jackie Appiah Agyemang (born; 5 December 1983) is a Ghanaian actress. For her work as an actress she has received several awards and nominations, including the awards for "Best Actress in a Leading Role" at the 2010 Africa Movie Academy Awards and "Best Actress in a Supporting Role" at the Africa Movie Academy Awards in 2007. She received two nominations for "Best Actress in a leading role" and "Best Upcoming Actress" at the Africa Movie Academy Awards in 2008.
Early life.
Agyemang is the last of five children. She was born in Canada and spent her early childhood in Canada, and moved to Ghana with her mother at age 10. She is popularly known by her maiden name, Appiah. Agyemang married in 2005 and has one son. Jackie's father is Kwabena Appiah (the younger brother of the late Joe Appiah-a famed lawyer in Kumasi) currently residing in Toronto Canada.
Career.
Agyemang’s appearance on screen became regular when she was invited by Edward Seddoh Junior the writer of "Things We Do For Love" as she played the role of Enyonam Blagogee. She later took part in "Tentacles", "Games People Play" and many other TV series.
Agyemang remembers herself as being very shy the first time she went on set, "It was a Venus Film Production titled Divine Love and I had to play the role of Kate, the protagonist. I didn’t believe I did too good. I fumbled but many people did not notice it." Despite her nerves the first timer said she succeeded in impressing everyone.
Agyemang says her best part was in "Mummy’s Daughter" by Venus Films. The film tells the story of the Bartels Family where she played the role of Princess, the daughter. "I loved how I acted and I was happy with the role I played". Agyemang now sees the local film industry as having changed for the better. She thinks that others will see its ultimate success.
Agyemang’s face can be seen on many billboards and TV commercials in Ghana including a GSMF advert on protection against HIV AIDS. She only received these contracts after her affair with Emmanuel Nketsia. She won the face of U.B in a promotion she did for them on TV commercials and she is currently the face of IPMC for commercials and billboards. "GSMF " was her first TV commercial.
Awards.
Gorgeous and talented Ghanaian star actress has picked up another award for her award-winning performance in ‘The Perfect Picture. She picked up the award for Best Actress in a Drama at the just ended Africa Magic Viewers’ choice Awards in Lagos Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9898815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898815" title="Prostrate">
Prostrate

Prostrate may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="9898816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898816" title="Sling Media">
Sling Media

Sling Media Inc. is a technology company that develops placeshifting and Smart TV solutions for consumers, multiple-system operators and set top box manufacturers. The company is a subsidiary of EchoStar Corporation (acquired in the fall of 2007) and is based in Foster City, California. Their flagship product, the Slingbox, debuted on the US market on July 1, 2005.
History.
The company was founded in 2004 by brothers Blake and Jason Krikorian from San Francisco and are devoted San Francisco Giants fans. During the 2002 Major League Baseball season, they often traveled far from home, and faced missing the best games of the season, leading to the initial concept for the Slingbox.
On September 24, 2007, EchoStar announced an agreement to acquire Sling Media for approximately $380 million USD. The founders left the company in January 2009.
Products.
Retail Slingbox Hardware.
The original Slingbox, now referred to as the Slingbox Classic, was released July 1, 2005. It was designed by Yves Béhar, and had the appearance of a "foil-wrapped chocolate bar."
Second Generation.
Improvement came with the introduction of the second-generation line of Sling Media products: the Slingbox AV, the Slingbox Tuner, and the Slingbox Pro. While the Slingbox AV became a simplified unit with s-video and composite inputs only, the Slingbox Tuner provided service for the other end of the spectrum, with only a single coaxial input for use by basic cable and antenna-only applications. The Slingbox Pro introduced a four input design, combining the capabilities of the AV and Tuner units while also allowing for the connection of high definition sources with the use of an accessory cable adding component and digital audio inputs.
Third Generation.
In 2007, Sling introduced the Slingbox SOLO, a third generation box that was a "streamlined version of the Slingbox Pro". It provided a high quality standard definition video stream and a lower price point. This model was followed up in 2008 by the Slingbox PRO-HD, a high-end device that supported placeshifting HDTV (1080i) video and currently is the only Slingbox to include an ATSC tuner for over-the-air HDTV broadcasts. The Slingbox SOLO was also later repackaged as the Slingbox 120 for special vertical and international markets.
An unknown number of the third generation Slingboxes were susceptible to the capacitor plague. While many enthusiasts replaced these capacitors on their own, Sling later addressed these issues in support. Remanufactured and refurbished third-generation Slingboxes have been fixed as well.
Next Generation Slingboxes (NGSB).
In October 2012, Sling Media launched the Slingbox 350 and 500 to replace the Slingbox SOLO and PRO-HD. With the digital television transition in the United States, the desirability of a standard definition focused product no longer existed in Sling's main market. Therefore both boxes include HDTV capability, though the ATSC digital tuner that was included in the PRO-HD was not included in either Slingbox. The Slingbox 350 is the base product, with one SD/HD audio-video input (composite or component) and an ethernet port to connect to the Internet.
The Slingbox 500 is a platform for next-generation Smart TV capabilities. In addition to placeshifting, the Slingbox 500 includes streaming apps from Dish Digital, including Dishworld and Blockbuster On-Demand, as well as the ability to manage and view personal media, including video. The Slingbox 500 also includes Wi-Fi networking and HDMI passthrough capabilities. However, because of restrictive HDCP DRM, Sling still recommends that customers use component cables for placeshifting.
Other Hardware and Accessories.
In 2008, Sling introduced the SlingCatcher, a hardware device to view content from a remote Slingbox, as well as personal media. The product garnered mixed reviews from its limited capabilities, including no support for HDTV, complex nature and its price.
Because early Slingboxes did not support Wi-Fi, connecting them to a network was difficult if a customer did not have an ethernet jack near their set top box. To address these needs, Sling released the SlingLink line of power line adapters. With the release of a Wi-Fi-enabled Slingbox 500, the product was discontinued and is no longer supported.
SlingPlayer Apps.
Customers view placeshifted content from their Slingbox at the Slingbox Watch website. Customers can also purchase the SlingPlayer apps for their mobile smartphones and tablets. Supported platforms include iOS (iPhone and iPad), Android (phones and tablets), Kindle Fire and Microsoft Windows 8.1 tablets. Previously supported platforms include Blackberry, Palm OS and Symbian.
SlingPlayer apps also have the ability to "cast" their video stream to a TV screen through a Smart TV box. Supported platforms include:
There are several native apps for Connected Devices that can view and control a remote Slingbox. Supported devices include:
OEM Solutions.
In addition to developing products and services for consumers, Sling also provides multiple-system operators and set top box manufacturers a solution for mobile viewing of licensed content and the integration of Smart TV technologies. These capabilities include an SDK, cloud infrastructure and engineering resources.
Sling's technology is currently embedded in the following products:
Criticism and controversy.
Early in its history, the Slingbox caused widespread speculation of its possible legal implications. High on the list of issues cited by critics, was the ability to provide a loophole around proximity control, potentially allowing people outside the approved viewing area for events, especially sports, in which distribution traditionally has been restricted by time and region. However, the practice of placeshifting is not unlike that of timeshifting, which has been upheld in courts across the world due to the personal nature of a timeshifted rebroadcast, which is deemed "non-infringing fair use". Furthermore, Sling Media's technology limits access to a single authorized user, which prevents unauthorized or multi-user access thereby maintaining the personal nature of the placeshifted content.
Broadcasting.
Ironically, given the controversy, the retail Slingbox hardware has found an unexpected niche market in television broadcasting. Broadcast engineers at several TV stations have installed them at remote "towercam" locations to observe traffic and weather conditions. KPIX-TV in San Francisco has several connected with wireless networking, using EV-DO via a cellular network (mobile phone) provider. This costs only a few hundred dollars for each site, versus well over ten thousand for a setup with a remote pickup unit and auxiliary broadcast licenses. However, the system is not yet reliable or broadband enough to handle live remote broadcasts.
Cable TV providers are also using it to provide proof of performance for companies that run TV ads on their systems. It is also used with Amateur television transmissions. There are also hosted Slingbox services where the slingbox and set top box are hosted in a data centre on behalf of the user. This means that the management of the devices is done by the host and that the user can access TV streams from their hosted Slingbox wherever, whenever and whatever device (PC, Mobile, TV) they want.
History of Sling.com.
During the 2007 Consumer Electronics Show, the firm announced a future feature named Clip+Sling. It allows users to share clips of their favorite TV shows with each other through a hosted Web service. The announcement was made during Leslie Moonves' keynote speech.
On December 2, 2008, Sling Media announced the public launch of Sling.com, an online video entertainment destination. Users can go to Sling.com to watch clips, TV shows, films, news and sports. This includes video programming from over 90 content providers spanning 150 content brands. In addition to the on-demand offerings, Slingbox owners could connect to their Slingbox through the website, making their Slingboxes available without a software client download.
On January 6, 2009, Sling Media unveiled a prototype of their HD solution for Mac OS X. SlingPlayer for Mac HD is a web-based version of the SlingPlayer software that will be accessible from Sling.com. Sling Media also revealed that they would not release a standalone desktop version of SlingPlayer for Mac HD. This signaled Sling Media's intent to cease developing the standalone desktop versions of their software, and to begin migrating users to Sling.com for access to their Slingbox.
Sling's watch capability was merged into Slingbox.com. As of 2014, Sling.com redirects to Slingbox.com.
Placeshifting Patent Litigation.
In January 2013, EchoStar and Sling Media sued Belkin and Monsoon Multimedia for infringing on five patents related to placeshifting. In March 2013, Sling Media also initiated a complaint with the ITC to block the importing of Belkin and Monsoon Media products related to the @TV and Vulkano products, respectively. The ITC complaint also targeted chips from C2 Microsystems.
In May 2013, Belkin and Sling Media settled their portion of the suit. In December 2013, the ITC closed out the case and barred Monsoon Multimedia products from being imported into the US.

</doc>
<doc id="9898864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898864" title="Berger code">
Berger code

In telecommunication, a Berger code is a unidirectional error detecting code, named after its inventor, J. M. Berger. Berger codes can detect all unidirectional errors. Unidirectional errors are errors that only flip ones into zeroes or only zeroes into ones, such as in asymmetric channels. The check bits of Berger codes are computed by summing all the zeroes in the information word, and expressing that sum in natural binary. If the information word consists of formula_1 bits, then the Berger code needs formula_2 "check bits", giving a Berger code of length k+n. (In other words, the formula_3 check bits are enough to check up to formula_4 information bits).
Berger codes can detect any number of one-to-zero bit-flip errors, as long as no zero-to-one errors occurred in the same code word.
Similarly, Berger codes can detect any number of zero-to-one bit-flip errors, as long as no one-to-zero bit-flip errors occur in the same code word.
Berger codes cannot correct any error.
Like all unidirectional error detecting codes,
Berger codes can also be used in delay-insensitive circuits.
Unidirectional error detection.
As stated above, Berger codes detect "any" number of unidirectional errors. For a "given code word", if the only errors that have occurred are that some (or all) bits with value 1 have changed to value 0, then this transformation will be detected by the Berger code implementation. To understand why, consider that there are three such cases:
For case 1, the number of 0-valued bits in the information section will, by definition of the error, increase. Therefore, our berger check code will be lower than the actual 0-bit-count for the data, and so the check will fail.
For case 2, the number of 0-valued bits in the information section have stayed the same, but the value of the check data has changed. Since we know some 1s turned into 0s, but no 0s have turned into 1s (that's how we defined the error model in this case), the encoded binary value of the check data will go down (e.g., from binary 1011 to 1010, or to 1001, or 0011). Since the information data has stayed the same, it has the same number of zeros it did before, and that will no longer match the mutated check value.
For case 3, where bits have changed in both the information and the check sections, notice that the number of zeros in the information section has "gone up", as described for case 1, and the binary value stored in the check portion has "gone down", as described for case 2. Therefore, there is no chance that the two will end up mutating in such a way as to become a different valid code word. 
A similar analysis can be performed, and is perfectly valid, in the case where the only errors that occur are that some 0-valued bits change to 1. Therefore, if all the errors that occur on a specific codeword all occur in the same direction, these errors will be detected. For the next code word being transmitted (for instance), the errors can go in the opposite direction, and they will still be detected, as long as they all go in the same direction as each other.
Unidirectional errors are common in certain situations. For instance, in flash memory, bits can more easily be programmed to a 0 than can be reset to a 1.

</doc>
<doc id="9898891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898891" title="Gelemenovo">
Gelemenovo

Gelemenovo () is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. the population is 803. It is located at just a kilometre to the north of Trakiya motorway. There is an anti-hail installation near the village with disperses the hail-clounds in the summer with special missiles.

</doc>
<doc id="9898896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898896" title="Telkom Charity Cup">
Telkom Charity Cup

The Telkom Charity Cup was a South African football (soccer) annual, one-day tournament for Premier Soccer League clubs. It was usually held in early August, as the season opening event. It was traditionally played at South Africa's premier football venue, Soccer City.
The qualifying criteria were unique: The public would vote by telephone for their favourite football team to participate. The four clubs with the most votes qualified for the tournament. The aim of the tournament was to raise money for charity through the votes and gate fees.
The four clubs selected to participate are drawn into two semi-finals, played one after the other. The two winning clubs then play in a final, later that evening.
The most successful coach in the competition has been Ted Dumitru, who recorded four wins.
In April 2011, the PSL announced that the tournament would be removed from the football calendar. Irvin Khoza, the PSL Chairman said the competition had "outlived its usefulness".
Winners.
Source: [http://www.charitycup.co.za/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=72:year-by-yearresults-and-winning-teams&catid=35:news&Itemid=56]

</doc>
<doc id="9898902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898902" title="St. Mary's Medical Center (Huntington)">
St. Mary's Medical Center (Huntington)

St. Mary's Medical Center (SMMC) is a hospital in Huntington, West Virginia, USA. It is the largest medical facility in the tri-state region wherein West Virginia, Ohio, and Kentucky meet. The medical center is the largest private employer in Cabell County with over 2600 employees. 
Academics.
As a teaching facility associated with the Joan C. Edwards Marshall University School of Medicine, St. Mary's trains medical residents in several specialties. The hospital campus is home to the St. Mary's School of Nursing, the St. Mary's School of Radiologic Technology, and the St. Mary’s School of Respiratory Care. All three programs are associated with Marshall University.
Centers.
SMMC has centers in cardiac care, cancer treatment, an emergency department with a Level II Trauma Center and neuroscience.
History.
On November 6, 1924, the Sisters of the Pallottine Missionary Society opened St. Mary's Hospital. In August 2002, the hospital was renamed St. Mary's Medical Center. On July 9, 2012 St. Mary's opened a 24 hour a day, 7 day a week 12-bed Emergency Room in Ironton, Ohio. It contains acute and trauma rooms, imaging and lab services, and specialty doctors will rotate between the Ironton Campus and Huntington Campus. 
Mission.
The mission statement of the hospital is:
"We are inspired by the love of Christ to provide quality health care in ways which respect the <br> God-given dignity of each person and the sacredness of human life."

</doc>
<doc id="9898934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898934" title="Boris Sergeyevich Sokolov">
Boris Sergeyevich Sokolov

Boris Sergeyevich Sokolov () (April 9, 1914 – September 2, 2013) was a Russian geologist and paleontologist. Sokolov authored reference works on the stratigraphy of Eastern Europe, in particular the fossil coral records, and created the concept of "Vendian period", currently recognized as largely overlapping, but not fully equivalent to Ediacaran.
Biography.
Sokolov, the son of a village feldsher (medic), was born in Vyshny Volochyok. In 1931 he moved to Leningrad and became an apprentice electrician. A blue-collar work experience was a prerequisite for admission into the university. After a year of work Sokolov was allowed to enroll at the Department of Geology and Soil Sciences of Leningrad University. He graduated with honors in 1937 and remained there to take a course of postgraduate studies. Sokolov's early work concentrated on the stratigraphy of the Russian Platform, in particular the diagnostics of fossil corals for the identification of Carboniferous period deposits.
Shortly before the outbreak of World War II Sokolov was appointed to lead a Soviet field research company in China. After two years of field work in Tian Shan, the Turpan Depression and Tarim Basin (1941–1943) he returned to Soviet Central Asia to search for petroleum deposits on the northern side of Tian Shan. In 1945 he returned to Leningrad to complete his postgraduate thesis on Chaetetida, based on his pre-war studies. In 1950 he published "Chaetetida of the Carboniferous Period", followed by five reference volumes of "Paleozoan Tables" (1951–1955). These works earned him his doctorate. A revised edition, included in the 16-volume "Foundations of Paleontology", was awarded the State Prize for 1967.
In the early 1950s Sokolov joined a group of geologists tasked with the analysis of recent deep boring samples. Sokolov discovered what he believed was a hitherto unknown geographical layer preceding the Cambrian, which he called "Vend" ("Vendian Period"). The name "Vend" appeared in his papers from 1950; in 1952 academician Alexander Vinogradov endorsed Sokolov's theory and "Vend" appeared on Soviet geological charts as an independent period.
In 1958 Sokolov accepted an invitation to join the newly formed Siberian Division of the Academy of Sciences as a corresponding member, and moved to Novosibirsk. Together with Vladimir Saks (1911–1979) Sokolov created a new Siberian school of stratigraphy and paleontology, which survived into the 21st century as the Institute of Oil and Gas Geology. Sokolov continued production of geological references, but eventually concentrated on his theory of the transition from Vendian (Ediacaran) biota to Cambrian, which he believed was critical to our understanding of evolution. He coined the Russian term for "Precambrian Paleontology" (Палеонтология докембрия), which evolved into a separate branch of science.
Sokolov was elected to full membership of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1968, and headed the Department of Geology of the Academy from 1975 to 1987, the longest tenure since the establishment of the Department. He chaired the International Stratigraphic Commission and the International Paleontology Association from 1972 until his death, and the national Paleontological Society from 1974 until his death. In 1998 Sokolov became the first geologist to be awarded the Lomonosov Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9898950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898950" title="2002 Polish Film Awards">
2002 Polish Film Awards

The 2002 Polish Film Awards ran on March 9, 2002 at Royal Palace, Warsaw. It was the 4th edition of Polish Film Awards: Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="9898971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898971" title="Loving More">
Loving More

Loving More is a national non-profit organization concerned with support, advocacy and polyamory awareness for the polyamorous community. The three most visible projects of Loving More are "Loving More" magazine, the Loving More website and two annual Loving More conferences, one on the east coast and the other on the west coast of the United States. Loving More is the oldest and longest running polyamory organization, with over 3000 members. They have worked to bring awareness of polyamory to the public and to support people exploring alternative possibilities in relationships.
History.
The organization was originally started as a News Letter PEP Talk (Polyfidelity Education Productions) in the fall of 1984 by Ryam Nearing. It was the first official organization for non-monogamy. In the Spring of 1991, the organization and group was renamed Loving More. With the encouragement of Rob Rimmer, author of "The Harrad Experiment", and others attending the fall East Coast Conference in 1994, Ryam of Loving More joined with Deborah Anapol of InteNet resource center to form Loving More Magazine and conferences. Loving More has grown and transformed over the years; Deborah left the organization in 1996 to pursue other interests, including publishing one of the first books on Polyamory, "Love Without Limits".
Loving More was trademarked in 1996 by Ryam Nearing. Mary Wolf took over as Managing Editor in 2001 and in 2004 came another transition, when Robyn Trask became the Managing Editor. Robyn Trask incorporated Loving More as a not-for-profit corporation with the intent for Loving More to become a non-profit 501(c)3 charitable organization. The organization has been running conferences and retreats since the mid-eighties in order to educate and support people in multi-partnered families and relationships. In recent years Loving More has shifted the focus to include a push for polyamory awareness by reaching out to the therapists, doctors, lawyers and media in an effort to educate the public to possibilities beyond monogamy in loving relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="9898973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898973" title="Dirk Brouwer Award">
Dirk Brouwer Award

Dirk Brouwer Award may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9899002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899002" title="Gontiti">
Gontiti

Recordings.
As of 2007 Gontiti have recorded more than thirty original albums and compilations. Most of their recordings have been for Epic/Sony Records. The duo have also provided music for a number of Japanese films, most notably the 2004 Hirokazu Kore-eda film "Dare mo shiranai," released in English-speaking countries as Nobody Knows.

</doc>
<doc id="9899012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899012" title="Cool Night">
Cool Night

Cool Night is the seventh and final studio album by singer/songwriter Paul Davis. It was his highest-charting album in the United States, reaching #52 on the Billboard album chart, and yielded three top-40 singles, "Cool Night", "'65 Love Affair", and "Love or Let Me Be Lonely". The third was a remake of a song by The Friends of Distinction.
Track listing.
All tracks were written by Davis except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9899014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899014" title="Ognyanovo">
Ognyanovo

Ognyanovo () is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. it has 2,604 inhabitants. The village is situated on the main railway between Sofia and Plovdiv. There is a lime factory.

</doc>
<doc id="9899029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899029" title="New Erections">
New Erections

New Erections is noise rock band The Locust's third album, and their second with ANTI- Records. It was released on March 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9899034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899034" title="Weil McLain">
Weil McLain

Weil-McLain is the largest manufacturer of cast iron boilers in North America. Weil-McLain's company headquarters is located in Michigan City, Indiana. Manufacturing facilities for domestic products are located in Michigan City, Indiana and Eden, North Carolina. In 2006 Weil-McLain acquired the Taishan Maeda Boiler Company located in Taian, China.

</doc>
<doc id="9899038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899038" title="Yarm School">
Yarm School

Yarm School is a leading co-educational independent school, situated within the Georgian market town of Yarm, England, on the River Tees. The school educates over 1200 pupils and is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.
History.
The Spital (the current preparatory school site) was occupied by Yarm Grammar school from 1884 until the 1970s when it was renamed Conyers School (after its founder) and moved to the existing Black Hills Farm site on Green Lane. Yarm School was founded in 1978 in reaction to the change of status of the grammar school, to provide education for boys aged 11 to 18. The Preparatory School opened in 1991 (moving into the former grammar school buildings) in response to public demand for traditional preparatory school education, and later added an Early School for boys and girls aged 4 to 6 years and a Nursery for 3 year-olds.
In 2001 the school became fully co-educational; it was the first co-educational school in the local area and as a result, many schools such as Ampleforth College and Teesside High School followed suit.
In late 2006 and early 2007 plans for a relocation needed planning permission from Stockton Council. The council refused permission, at which Yarm made an appeal. In 2008 the school retracted the relocation plans. A further £20 million redevelopment plan, that included a large auditorium, was approved in 2009. In 2006, the school expanded further with the acquisition of Raventhorpe Preparatory School which became the satellite feeder school Yarm at Raventhorpe. However, in January 2013 it was announced that Yarm at Raventhorpe would be closed. This is because the school was no longer financially viable, however all Yarm at Raventhorpe pupils were offered places at Yarm Preparatory School.
School buildings.
The school originated in the buildings which are now the Preparatory School, before moving into the current Friarage building when the older buildings became too small to accommodate the expanding pupil body. The Friarage building is a large Georgian manor house, that was built after the demolition of the Dominican Friary which had existed there from the 12th till the 16th century. Some parts of the old friary still survive - for example, the oldest building in Yarm is located on the school grounds - the Dovecote was originally part of the Dominican Friarage, and was built in the 12th century to provide a source of food for the monks. It is reputed that there is a tunnel from the haunted cellar of the Friarage to the Tees, as a way for the monks to get down to the river if necessary. However, no such tunnel has been found. The current Sixth Form common rooms are in the old Friarage stable block, which was built as part of the Georgian development - the original coach archways are still visible.
In the 1990s, further expansion of the school resulted in the building of the 'Tate Building' for science and technology, named after the founding headmaster, R. Neville Tate. At the same time, the 'Hunt Building' for History, Geography and English was built, named after and opened by the former governor of the Falkland Islands, Sir Rex Hunt. In conjunction with the 'Hunt building' the school also opened a new theatre, which was opened by Lord Briggs. Since the school's expansion in 2009, this has been turned into the school refectory.
In 2009, the School was granted permission to build £20 million worth of new facilities to the schools existing site. Whilst there were wide ranging developments to the Preparatory School such as the building of new multi use sports pitches and extending the schools pre-prep facilities, the majority of investment was on the School's main site by the river. This included the development of a new dining hall and construction of new class rooms alongside the riverside. The school invited Princess Alexandra to open its new, state of the art Auditorium. The school has received national acclaim for the new development from the Royal Institute of British Architects. The new development houses classrooms for English, Modern Languages and Economics.
Curriculum.
The school teaches subjects towards the International General Certificate of Secondary Education and GCSE qualifications, including English and English Literature, Mathematics, Sciences (nearly all pupils study three sciences), and Languages (most pupils study French and German; Spanish is an option).
Aside from compulsory subjects, students are able to study Humanities (including History, Geography and Classics etc.), Business Studies, Art and Design Technology. Some GCSEs can be studied outside of curriculum time, including General Studies and Russian.
A-levels are taken in Humanities, sciences, creative arts and social sciences
In 2012 the school was listed for A-levels, as the 20th most successful independent school in the country by "The Independent". Most pupils from Yarm go on to study at Russell Group universities, and in 2013 17 Upper Sixth students secured places at medical and dental schools, amounting to 20% of the cohort.
Sports include rowing, rugby, cricket, hockey, netball, rounders, football and canoeing; partaking in sport is compulsory.
Extra-curricular activities.
Pupils participate in activity sessions such as beekeeping, horseriding, rowing, debating, stock brooking and cricket, rugby and rowing, or continue academic study in Ancient Greek, Russian or general studies.
In election years, such as 2010, the school holds a mock election, where pupils from Sixth Form politics classes acted as candidates representing the main British political parties.
Pupils help to raise money for their designated house charities. These charities can be local, national or international. Each house typically raises over £2,000 per year through a variety of fundraising activities.
Sport.
Most of the school's sports' pitches are located off the school site; Aislaby playing fields are located on the north side of the river near the village of Aislaby, whilst Green Lane (the larger set of pitches) are located on the outskirts of Yarm. Green Lane contains rugby pitches and a 1st XI cricket pitch. There are multi-weather playing fields for hockey and tennis located on site. Tennis, rugby, cricket and hockey are played as fixtures for the boys; tennis, netball, rounders and hockey are played as fixtures for the girls.
There is emphasis on sport at Yarm; both boys and girls have a 'games' session each week in the senior school. In the Sixth Form, Mondays and Wednesdays are completely devoted to sport. Rugby and Hockey are compulsory for boys in the 1st to 3rd years, after which they continue only sports in which they show aptitude. Rowing is an option in 3rd year games, which can be continued throughout the rest of the pupil's school career.
In July 2009 a team of cyclists from the school won the over-16 category of the British Schools Cycling Association National Time Trial Championships. The school has a rugby tradition, and maintains links with the 'Yarm Old Boys' rugby team. On 23 March 2013 the 1st XV won the U18 Daily Mail Vase against Felsted School 17-15 at Twickenham.
The school also has a competition boat club, the Yarm School Boat Club. In 2009 it won 2 of the 32 categories in the Durham Regatta, and has been represented at Henley Royal Regatta.
Outdoor education.
The school has an outdoor education department which organises games, activities and school expeditions.
The department provides annual trips for 1st and 2nd years to the Lake District. During summer kayaking and canoeing takes place on the river. A winter option is climbing, with trips to nearby Scugdale and local indoor climbing walls. Expeditions have included those to Peru (2012) and Nepal.
The school promotes the Duke of Edinburgh's Award, with most pupils undertaking the Bronze Award, and others continuing to Silver and Gold. This year 12 UVI formers took part in the Gold DofE programme.
Combined Cadet Force.
The school Cadet Force Contingent includes two sections: Army and RAF. The Army section is attached to the Yorkshire Regiment, with whom it attends regular training, using facilities at nearby Catterick Garrison.
The cadets learn military based skills such as climbing, abseiling, weapons training, orienteering and tactical assault simulation. There are a number of CCF Camps, Military Training Weekends and cadet competitions each year, during which the cadets go on field manoeuvres in order to apply the skills they have learned to a practical situation.
The cadets represent Yarm School on Armistice Day on parade in Yarm High Street, in memory of the Boer War, First World War, Second World War and the Korean War.
An Autumn term annual dinner is held for CCF staff members and cadets. Parents of cadets are invited to the dinner by the Contingent Commander. The dinner represents that of a military mess dinner.
The RAF Section attends flying days to RAF Leeming for experience in flying the Grob Tutor plane. Cadets in the RAF section also attend Gliding events at bases such as Topcliffe, and Easter camps with RAF sections from other schools.
The Contingent regularly participates in local competitions such as Colts Canter, The SAAM at Strensall and Tremlett Trophy.
The CCF go on annual camps to different military locations, most recently to Munster, Germany in 2010, Crowborough in 2011 and Episkopi, Cyprus in 2013.
Awards and recognition.
According to the "Good Schools Guide", the school is "cheerful and welcoming" and is a balance of the "traditions of grammar School with modern, forward-thinking attitude". School pupils received a total of 1102.2 A/AS points per pupil and 242.8 A/AS points per entry in 2010. At GCSE, in 2010 28.2% of entries were A* and 60% of GCSE entries were either A* or A's.
Houses and year groups.
The school is arranged into four houses, each with its own housemaster or housemistress and tutor team. Houses have their own colours, and compete at an inter house level in sport and drama. Each house is named after prominent British saints associated with the North East of England: Aidan, Bede, Cuthbert and Oswald. There are five Senior School year groups, plus a Lower and Upper Sixth.
News.
In December 2006 two old Yarumians added a graffito of a penis on the roof of the Friarage building, which was recorded by Google Earth. The graffito has since been removed.
Notable Old Yarumians.
Sport.
Ben Gibson (footballer) Middlesbrough FC

</doc>
<doc id="9899044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899044" title="Phuan language">
Phuan language

Phuan is a Tai language spoken in Laos and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9899067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899067" title="Abelardo Pardo Lezameta District">
Abelardo Pardo Lezameta District

Abelardo Pardo Lezameta District is one of fifteen districts of the province Bolognesi in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9899076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899076" title="John Flournoy">
John Flournoy

John J. Flournoy (1800? – 1879), a graduate of the American School for the Deaf, is best remembered as an advocate for a deaf state. 
Flournoy proposed that deaf people obtain a government land grant to establish a colony "where all of its citizens would be deaf and the chief means of communication would be sign language." Flournoy's proposals were not widely accepted even among deaf leaders of the day. Most argued that such a colony could not flourish because of the low percentage of deaf children born to deaf parents. Flournoy was also a driving force in the creation of the Georgia School for the Deaf and a proponent of a national college for the deaf.

</doc>
<doc id="9899080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899080" title="Liutgard of Saxony">
Liutgard of Saxony

Liutgard of Saxony (c. 845–17 November 885) was the wife and Queen of Louis the Younger, the Frankish King of Saxony and East Francia.
Biography.
She was born between 840 and 850, the daughter of Liudolf, Duke of the Eastern Saxons (b. 805–820, d. 12 March 866), and of Oda Billung (b. 805–806, d. 17 May 913).
She married Louis the Younger - who had already been betrothed to a daughter of Count Adalhard - on 29 November 874 at Aschaffenburg. They had two children:
After her husband's death, she married in 882 Burchard I, Duke of Swabia (b. between 855 and 860 – d. 5 November 911). They had three children:
Liutgard was especially noted for her strong will and political ambition.

</doc>
<doc id="9899084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899084" title="Nadia Buari">
Nadia Buari

Nadia Buari (born 21 November 1982) is a Ghanaian actress. She received two nominations for "Best Actress in a Leading Role" at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2007 and 2009.
Early life.
Buari is the daughter of Sidiku Buari, a Ghanaian musician. She studied Performing Arts at the University of Ghana and graduated with a BFA degree in Fine Arts. She was born in 1980, in Takoradie, Ghana to a musician and a producer called Alhaji Sidiku Buari and mother who is a beautician called Hajia Buari. Throughout her school life she was actively involved in school drama and dance clubs. This led her to enroll in University of Ghana Legon and graduated with a BFA in Fine arts.
Career.
Buari premiered on Ghanaian national television with the TV series "Games People Play" in late 2005. Her first major film was "Mummy's Daughter", after which she starred in "Beyonce: The President's Daughter". Her role as "Beyonce" was her major breakthrough. Her movie career began with her playing a role in the TV series Games People Play in 2005, which she got nominated for best actress. She has starred in more than 20 movies. In 2013 she came out with her own movie called "The Diary of Imogen Brown". Nadia is also an ambassador at Tablet India Limited (TIL), a leading pharmaceutical manufacturer with high quality products in 2013. Nadia believes her secret to her success is self-motivation. She is often compare to some Hollywood superstars and is hoping that someday she could be like them. Nadia father was a huge figure in the arts industry in Ghana with several positions like the president of the Ghana musicians Union as well as the Vice president of International Federation of Musician. Her father’s footsteps influence her to a present career of an actress. In order for her to reach her goals she made it art a treasure for valuing morals and bring meaning into nature.
Personal life.
She once dated Michael Essien. As of January 2014, she is the arms of Nollywood actor, Jim Iyke and the relationship is bobbling each day with the couple releasing pictures of their tours around the world when Nadia had her birthday. On March 21, 2014, Jim (Nadia’s) proposed to Nadia with a six-carat-diamond ring, which was designed for specially selected countries including Ghana, Gabon, with London providing the final finish.

</doc>
<doc id="9899091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899091" title="Antonio Raymondi District">
Antonio Raymondi District

Antonio Raymondi District is one of 15 districts of the province of Bolognesi, in the Ancash Region of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9899105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899105" title="Tom Ford (presenter)">
Tom Ford (presenter)

Tom Ford is a motoring journalist and television presenter sometimes referred to by the nickname "Wookie". He is married with 3 children.
Ford was the co-host of Five's Fifth Gear beginning in Spring 2007. However, in Series 17 of Fifth Gear which started in June 2010, Ford did not return to the show, as Five decided to only bring back Tiff Needell, Vicki Butler-Henderson, Jason Plato and Jonny Smith as presenters.
Ford's writing includes a stint at CAR Magazine where he rose from Staff Writer to Road Test Editor. Ford currently writes for Top Gear Magazine as a Contributing Editor for the publication having previously held the position Deputy Editor for the publication.
He also is seen regularly writing for the Sunday Times motoring section.
While studying for his philosophy degree at Essex University Ford joined a performance art group called "Kiss My Axe" before a brief time with a circus. He later returned to education and obtained another degree in journalism. In March 2014, he began filming "Mud, Sweat & Gears".

</doc>
<doc id="9899111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899111" title="Pristine Audio">
Pristine Audio

Pristine Audio was founded in 2002 by Andrew Rose, then a BBC Radio sound engineer, as an audio transfer and restoration business.
Following its relocation from the United Kingdom to France in 2004, the company began to concentrate on the restoration and remastering of historic classical music recordings. In February 2005 Pristine Audio Direct was launched online, later to become PristineClassical.com, offering downloads of classical music both from Pristine's own remastered recordings and from other record companies. 
Pristine Audio came to unexpected global attention during the Joyce Hatto scandal in February 2007, after being asked to investigate and verify suspected fraudulent Hatto recordings by "Gramophone magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="9899112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899112" title="Aquia District">
Aquia District

Aquia District is one of fifteen districts of the province Bolognesi in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9899124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899124" title="Antoni Hardonk">
Antoni Hardonk

Antoni Barend Hardonk (born February 5, 1976) is a retired Dutch mixed martial artist and kickboxer who competed in K-1 and the UFC.
Kickboxing career.
Antoni made his K-1 debut at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2001 Preliminary Scandinavia" on June 9, 2001 where he was participating in an eight man elimination tournament. He faced Swede Fredic Rosenberg in the quarter finals and quickly defeated him via technical knockout in the first round. In the semi finals he faced another Swede, Wisam Feyli, who he defeated by a third round unanimous decision, thus booking his place in the tournament final. In the final match Antoni faced yet another Swede, Larry Lindwall, but was unable to win the tournament, losing instead by second round technical knockout.
On September 29, 2002 Antoni would face fellow Dutch kickboxer and future K-1 Grand Prix Champion Remy Bonjasky at the It's Showtime – As Usual / Battle Time event in the Netherlands. Antoni held his own during the fight but eventually lost via a fifth round unanimous decision. He would lose his next couple of fights against Attila Karacs and Badr Hari respectively before ending a four fight losing streak on July 29, 2005, by defeating Croatian Domagoj Ostojic by third round technical knockout at "Ultimate Nokaut 2".
Mixed martial arts career.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Antoni made his UFC debut at UFC 65 on November 18, 2006, defeating Sherman Pendergarst by technical knockout due to leg kicks.
His next fight was at UFC Fight Night 9 on April 5, 2007 against Justin McCully, a late-notice replacement for Hardonk's original opponent, former UFC Heavyweight Champion Frank Mir, as he had to drop out due to a shoulder injury. Hardonk lost to McCully via unanimous decision.
Hardonk's next fight was against Frank Mir at UFC 74 on August 25, 2007. Hardonk lost due to a kimura lock early in the first round. Most recently, Antoni beat Colin Robinson at UFC 80 by TKO 17 seconds into the first round and Eddie Sanchez at UFC 85 by TKO in the second round.
Hardonk returned to the Octagon on December 27, at UFC 92 where he defeated newcomer, Mike Wessel via second-round TKO. On April 18 UFC 97 he was defeated by Cheick Kongo via TKO of the second round. Pat Barry and Hardonk fought on October 24, 2009 at UFC 104. After some success with his leg kicks in the first round, his opponent found his range in the second with fast jab combinations, and Hardonk was hurt several times before dropping and succumbing to strikes at 2:30 of round two.
Retirement.
In August 2010, Hardonk announced that he would be officially retiring from the UFC and MMA altogether. Hardonk also revealed that he will become a full-time trainer at his gym "Dynamix Martial Arts" located in Santa Monica.
Kickboxing record.
, Antoni Hardonk has compiled a professional kickboxing record of 5 wins and 5 losses, with 4 wins and 2 losses by KO/TKO.
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Result
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Record
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Opponent
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Method
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Event
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Date
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Round
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Time
!style='border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3'|Location

</doc>
<doc id="9899132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899132" title="2007 US Open (tennis)">
2007 US Open (tennis)

The 2007 US Open was held from 27 August to 9 September 2007, at USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center at Flushing Meadows, New York City.
Roger Federer successfully defended his title, becoming the first man in the open era to win four consecutive US Open titles. Maria Sharapova was unsuccessful in defending her 2006 title, being upset in the third round by 18-year-old Agnieszka Radwańska of Poland. Justine Henin, the runner-up to Sharapova in 2006, won her second US Open title, this year without losing a set. It was the second Grand Slam she won in the year without losing a set, having also won the 2007 French Open earlier in the year. It was also her last grand slam title.
Notable stories.
Player of the Day.
Player of the day can be found here http://www.usopen.org/en_US/news/playerday/index.html
Day by day.
Qualifying Day 1.
Qualifying was impossible due to rain.
Qualifying Day 2.
Qualifying Day 2 saw lots of rain. However, according to this link, players such as Emmanuelle Gagliardi, Pablo Cuevas, Jamie Baker, Steve Darcis, Alina Jidkova and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi were winners to the following round of qualifying. In addition, main singles draws for men and women were released, except qualifiers' names; however the draw shows where qualifiers will go. Roger Federer, seeded 1st, will play a qualifier for the first two rounds, and possibly three consecutive rounds.
Qualifying Day 3.
The first round of qualifying was completed and second round matches began. In-form Frank Dancevic came through in the men's draw; whilst 2007 French Open Girl's Singles champion Alizé Cornet came through in the women's qualifying.
Qualifying Day 4.
Players began qualifying for the main draw; the first on the men's side being Pablo Cuevas and the first on the women's, Renata Voráčová. Scoville Jenkins was the first American qualifier to reach the main draw.
Qualifying Day 5.
Qualifying was completed as Dancevic, Rainer Schüttler and Andrei Pavel qualified among others such as Bruno Echagaray, who beat Robin Haase. On the women's side Cornet and Andreja Klepač came through, along with Julia Görges, who upset #6 seed Anne Kremer.
Kid's Day.
Coverage found on CBS or possibly other channels: Matches, songs and other events were held and played at the 2007 US Open Kid's Day. Matches were held; including with non-professional tennis players Rob Thomas, Tony Hawk and John Cena, along with others who competed in non-match activities.
Day 1.
Day 1 saw Feliciano López was able to upset Juan Carlos Ferrero, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4. Max Mirnyi defeated Marcos Baghdatis 6-3, 7-5, 3-6, 7-6 (6), in an epic battle in which Mirnyi came back in the last set tiebreaker from 1-5 to win 8-6. Both Venus Williams and Serena Williams continued runs, however young qualifier Alizé Cornet stunned Samantha Stosur. Wildcard talent John Isner played four sets and defeated the seeded Jarkko Nieminen. Guillermo Cañas needed four sets to beat Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo, while Fernando Verdasco came back to shock the crowd from two sets to love down to beat Paul-Henri Mathieu, 1-6, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-3. Julia Görges lost to Justine Henin; while Scoville Jenkins lost to Roger Federer, 6-3, 6-2, 6-4. Home favourite Ahsha Rolle took a 6-4, 1-6, 6-2 dramatic upset win over Tatiana Golovin in three sets. Donald Young also advanced and thus won his first ever US Open match, defeating Chris Guccione, 6-7 (2), 6-3, 6-2, 6-3.
Day 2.
Arnaud Clément and wildcard Wayne Odesnik were able to advance through their matches in five sets, while Lleyton Hewitt was one who easily beat his opponent. Nicole Vaidišová and Dominika Cibulková (who upset Tathiana Garbin) won their matches, while Sania Mirza was pushed and Laura Granville easily advanced. Others to win were Martina Hingis, Juan Martín del Potro, Dudi Sela, Jürgen Melzer, Pauline Paramentier and Virginie Razzano. Lastly, doubles competition began.
Day 3.
Past champions Justine Henin, Serena Williams, Venus Williams, Marat Safin, and Roger Federer easily advanced to round 3 (Safin advanced to round 2), while Rafael Nadal overcame severe knee pain to beat Australian wildcard Alun Jones in 4 sets in his opening match. Tim Henman, playing in his final Grand Slam, stunned the crowd by taking out #27 seed Dmitry Tursunov in 4 sets to advance to round 2, joined by players such as Carlos Moyà and Mikhail Youzhny. Other women to advance to round 3 include Jelena Janković, Ana Ivanovic, Lucie Šafářová, Marion Bartoli, Dinara Safina, Elena Dementieva, and local favorite Ahsha Rolle. #7 Fernando González lost in his opening match, causing the upset of the tournament so far.
Day 4.
The fourth day of action was all about the favorites, with most of them advancing. #2 seed Maria Sharapova was the highest seed in action on either draw, crushing her opponent Casey Dellacqua and she was joined by other former champions Andy Roddick, Martina Hingis and Svetlana Kuznetsova in the third round. Richard Gasquet withdrew from his match against Donald Young with a fever and sore throat, and Guillermo Cañas was another casualty. British favourite Andy Murray and James Blake overcame five-set thrillers to advance, while there was also a big upset in the men's doubles draw as defending champions Martin Damm and Leander Paes crashed out. Tomáš Berdych, Tommy Haas, Nikolay Davydenko, Nadia Petrova, Anna Chakvetadze, Patty Schnyder and Nicole Vaidišová were other players to advance.
Day 5.
Radek Štěpánek and Novak Djokovic battled their match for hours, never letting a set go be won with a six-an eventual scoreline that Djokovic can boast of 6-7, 7-6, 5-7, 7-5, 7-6. Mardy Fish saved match points only to lose despite being a break up in the final set to Tommy Robredo and Agustín Calleri and Philipp Kohlschreiber both pulled off upsets taking out Lleyton Hewitt and Mikhail Youzhny. In the women's draw, heavy favourites Justine Henin, Jelena Janković, Ana Ivanovic and Serena and Venus Williams all advanced to the fourth round. They were joined there by Marion Bartoli, Dinara Safina and surprise victor Sybille Bammer who upset Elena Dementieva. The doubles court saw the biggest upset of the tournament when Maria Elena Camerin and Gisela Dulko beat top seeds Cara Black and Liezel Huber 1-6, 7-6(2), 6-2 after being down 6-1, 3-1.
Day 6.
draw included Nadia Petrova, Patty Schnyder and Martina Hingis who all lost to promising teenagers in Ágnes Szávay, Tamira Paszek and Victoria Azarenka. Shahar Pe'er also beat the thirteenth seed Nicole Vaidišová. Otherwise favourites like Andy Roddick, Anna Chakvetadze, James Blake, Nikolay Davydenko, Roger Federer, Svetlana Kuznetsova, Tomáš Berdych and Tommy Haas all went through to the fourth round. In the men's draw, there was only one upset as the last British player left in the singles draw, Andy Murray, crashed out to Lee Hyung-taik in four sets.
Day 7.
The men's fourth round line-up was completed and the women's quarterfinal began to take shape. Carlos Moyà, David Ferrer, Juan Mónaco, Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal all expectedly made it through in the men's bottom half. Ernests Gulbis became the first Latvian player to make the fourth round of the US Open when he upset eighth seed Tommy Robredo in straight sets and Juan Ignacio Chela got his first ever victory over Ivan Ljubičić. Stanislas Wawrinka also continued his run. In the first of the women's fourth round matches, Justine Henin crushed an erratic Dinara Safina, Serena and Venus Williams both beat dangerous opponents in Marion Bartoli and Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Janković needed three sets to get past Austrian Sybille Bammer before eventually prevailing 6-4, 4-6, 6-1.
Day 8.
Home favorite James Blake was the biggest seed to fall as the quarter-final draw was completed on the women's side. Shahar Pe'er put a stop to Agnieszka Radwańska's run, but Julia Vakulenko was unable to halt Ágnes Szávay, a player who had previously never gone past the second round of a grand slam. Russians Svetlana Kuznetsova and Anna Chakvetadze progressed with relative ease. James Blake threw three match points in his thriller with Tommy Haas, unable to repeat the previous year's showing of a quarterfinal. Andy Roddick was leading when a second opponent, Tomáš Berdych, retired on him in a week. Roger Federer lost the first set but ultimately had a comfortable victory and Nikolay Davydenko progressed, still the only player on the men's side not to drop a set. In men's doubles, the top seeded Bryan brothers were upset by tenth-seeded Simon Aspelin and Julian Knowle 7-5, 6-4. It was Aspelin's first time in a Grand Slam semifinal and Knowle's second. In women's doubles, second-seeded Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur were shocked by sixteenth-seeded Bethanie Mattek and Sania Mirza 2-6, 7-5, 7-5.
Day 9.
Novak Djokovic needed four sets to overcome Juan Mónaco after having a match point in the third set, and set up a meeting with Carlos Moyà who beat Latvian Ernests Gulbis. Juan Ignacio Chela survived unseeded Stanislas Wawrinka in five sets to advance to the quarterfinals. Number one Justine Henin beat Serena Williams to make the women's semifinals, and in a match that ended at 1:50 A.M. local time, David Ferrer caused the biggest upset in the men's draw so far by taking out second-seeded fellow Spaniard Rafael Nadal in a thrilling four-set match.
Day 10.
The men's semifinals began to take shape as Roger Federer overcame Andy Roddick in a thrilling 7-6 7-6 6-2 encounter to move through to the semifinals, where he will face Russian Nikolay Davydenko who beat Tommy Haas earlier in the day, also in straight sets. In the women's draw, the semifinal line-up was complete with three matches taking the court. Anna Chakvetadze was first, cruising past Shahar Pe'er 6-4, 6-1, and will meet compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova in the last four for a place in the final. In the women's night match, Venus Williams beat Jelena Janković in a thrilling encounter, with Venus having to come from a set down to eventually win 4-6, 6-1, 7-6.
Day 11.
David Ferrer continued his scintillating run, reaching his first Grand Slam semi-final by defeating Juan Ignacio Chela 6-2, 6-3, 7-5. The final men's quarterfinal didn't last much longer, with Novak Djokovic holding his nerve to beat Carlos Moyà 6-4, 7-6 (7), 6-1 and reach his third Grand Slam semi-final of the year. The mixed doubles competition was completed, with Belorussians Max Mirnyi and Victoria Azarenka overcoming Meghann Shaughnessy and Leander Paes 6-4, 7-6 (6).
Day 12.
Justine Henin came through in straight sets and defeated the Williams sisters in the same tournament. Only Martina Hingis has done this. Henin and Williams battled a classic, while Anna Chakvetadze at first dominated by errors of Svetlana Kuznetsova, but then Chakvetadze had errors and Kuznetsova got by 3-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Day 13.
Justine Henin cruised to her second US Open championship, crushing Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-1, 6-3 to win the title. Esther Vergeer once again won a doubles final, this time alongside Jiske Griffioen. Shingo Kunieda and Satoshi Saida won the Wheelchair Men's Doubles final over Robin Ammerlaan and Michael Jeremiasz. In juniors competition, Jonathan Eysseric and Jérôme Inzerillo defeated Grigor Dimitrov and Vasek Pospisil to win the title, while Ksenia Milevskaya and Urszula Radwańska domiated their final against Oksana Kalashnikova and Ksenia Lykina.
Day 14.
Roger Federer won for the fourth consecutive year to bring his overall Grand Slam singles titles tally to twelve.
Legends.
Mixed champions invitational.
Round Robin 1: Natasha Zvereva / Andrés Gómez
Round Robin 2: Anne Smith / Stan Smith
Seeds.
The seeded players are listed below. Notably, it was the first time in 11 years that the two top seeded players, and the two world number one singles players, won the US Open Singles Championships (the last previous time had been when Pete Sampras and Steffi Graf won in 1996).
Women's singles.
Withdrawals : Amélie Mauresmo, Li Na, Zheng Jie, Milagros Sequera, Vasilisa Bardina
Media coverage.
Coverage of the 2007 US Open are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9899150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899150" title="Aquia">
Aquia

Aquia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9899162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899162" title="Obturator externus groove">
Obturator externus groove

The obturator externus groove is the groove on the posterior neck of the femur for the insertion of the obturator externus muscle, a muscle that is important during bipedal locomotion.
This landmark is used as evidence of bipedal locomotion in the hominins. The fossil "Orrorin tugenensis" (6-7 mya) possesses the obturator externus groove, which suggests that it moved bipedally and could represent one of the earliest fossils with evidence of bipedal locomotion.

</doc>
<doc id="9899167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899167" title="Booker T. Washington High School (Memphis, Tennessee)">
Booker T. Washington High School (Memphis, Tennessee)

Booker T. Washington High School (also known as BTW) is a public secondary school located in South Memphis. Part of the Memphis City Schools, it serves grades 9-12. The school gained national attention when U.S. President Barack Obama delivered the school's 2011 commencement address as a reward for winning the 2011 Race to the Top Commencement Challenge.
History.
The school was originally founded as the Clay Street School in 1873 and was among the first public high schools for African Americans in Memphis. It was renamed Kortrecht High School in 1891. In 1926 a new building was constructed and the school was renamed in honor of American educator and civil rights leader Booker T. Washington. Further expansions were completed in the years since, including the Blair T. Hunt Gymnasium, dedicated in 1950.
Race to the Top.
The school entered and won the 2011 Race to the Top Commencement Challenge, a competition that "invites public high schools across the country to demonstrate how their school best prepares for college and a career." Among the required application materials were student essays and videos that demonstrated the school's innovation in education. The accomplishments of the school included increasing graduation rates from 55% in 2007 to 82% in 2010 through the use of same-gender freshman classrooms and increased teacher effectiveness. BTW also suffered from and overcame high teen pregnancy and violence rates. The school beat out more than 450 other applicant schools, and as a reward for this achievement, President Barack Obama delivered the school's 2011 commencement speech.

</doc>
<doc id="9899171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899171" title="Cajacay District">
Cajacay District

Cajacay District is one of fifteen districts of the province Bolognesi in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9899203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899203" title="Nawashi">
Nawashi

': (noun) literally, "rope master" or "rope teacher", but in SM circles it means "rope artist". Nawashi are those who have some recognized proficiency in the historic erotic art of ' (lit. tight binding) or Kinbaku-bi (lit. beautiful bondage).
Other terms used in Japan for rope artists within SM culture are: Kinbakushi and Bakushi, with Bakushi being more typical.
In early 2007 a documentary movie entitled "Bakushi" produced by Naoya Narita and directed by Ryuichi Hiroki was released. In it, three Japanese ropemasters (bakushi) Chimuo Nureki, Haruki Yukimura, and Go Arisue; along with three of their models Hiromi Saotome, Sumire, Taeko Uzuki are interviewed by Hiroki. Running time: 94 MIN.
Two famous nawashi would include the late Osada Eikichi (2001) and Akechi Denki (2005). Other notable Japanese Bakushi would be Randa Mai, Go Arisue, Chimuo Nureki, Haruki Yukimura and Chiba Eizoh. One notable female Bakushi would be Benio Takara.
The art of Kinbaku has become popular in the west since the mid-1990s with a number of notable western practitioners shaping their rope art in Japanese inspired forms.

</doc>
<doc id="9899205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899205" title="Complexions Contemporary Ballet">
Complexions Contemporary Ballet

Complexions Contemporary Ballet is a contemporary ballet company founded in 1994 by Co-Artistic Directors Dwight Rhoden and Desmond Richardson based in New York City comprising about 14 classical and contemporary dancers. Complexions performs worldwide, provides dance education, and was America's first fully multicultural ballet company.
Complexions has received numerous awards including the New York Times “Critics Choice” Award. It has appeared throughout the US, including the Joyce Theater/NY, Lincoln Center/NY, the Brooklyn Academy of Music's/NY, the Mahalia Jackson Performance Arts Center in New Orleans, the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, the Music Center in Los Angeles, and the Winspear Opera House/Dallas.
The Company has appeared at major European dance festivals including Italy’s Festival of Dance for four consecutive years, the Isle De Dance Festival in Paris, the Maison De La Dance Festival in Lyon, the Holland Dance Festival, Steps International Dance Festival in Switzerland, Łódź Biennale, Warsaw Ballet Festival, Kraków Spring Ballet Festival, the Dance Festival of Canary Islands/Spain, and Le Festival des Arts de St-Sauveur/Canada, and in Korea, Spain, and Australia.
Dwight Rhoden has created over 90 ballets for Complexions, as well as numerous other companies, including Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, the Arizona Ballet, the Aspen Santa Fe Ballet Company, the Dance Theater of Harlem, Pittsburgh Ballet Theater, Dayton Contemporary Dance Company, the Joffrey Ballet and New York City Ballet.
Desmond Richardson uses a wide range of dance forms including classical, modern, and contemporary, having previously been with the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater (alongside Rhoden), Ballet Frankfurt, and the first African American principal dancer with American Ballet Theatre. Desmond has been a guest artist with several world-renowned companies including the Swedish Opera Ballet, The Washington Ballet, Teatro at La Scala, the San Francisco Ballet.

</doc>
<doc id="9899236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899236" title="Amazing Grace (soundtrack)">
Amazing Grace (soundtrack)

Amazing Grace: Music Inspired By the Motion Picture is a soundtrack for the movie "Amazing Grace" starring Ioan Gruffudd. The album features new versions of old hymns recorded by some of Christian music's more prominent artists as well as one of the most popular country artists around today.
Awards.
In 2008, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Special Event Album of the Year at the 39th GMA Dove Awards. The song "Amazing Grace (My Chains are Gone)" by Chris Tomlin was also nominated for Song of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="9899243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899243" title="Yasuharu Hasebe">
Yasuharu Hasebe

Life and career.
Early life.
Hasebe recalled a trusting relationship with his father, whom he considered the biggest influence on his life. In the post-war years, Hasebe was influenced strongly by American and French films, particularly American "B" movies, and the films of John Huston and Samuel Fuller. After studying French literature at Waseda University, he began working at Nikkatsu studios in 1958. For eight years he worked as an assistant director, including a lengthy apprenticeship under Seijun Suzuki. He was given his first chance to direct in 1966 with "Black Tight Killers". He directed more action genre films in the 1960s including the fourth film in the "Singing Gunman" series, starring Akira Kobayashi, and "The Massacre Gun" with Jo Shishido.
"Alleycat Rock".
In 1970, Nikkatsu wanted to create a youth-oriented series and chose Hasebe to supervise the first film in what would be the popular "Alleycat Rock" series. The studio gave him considerable freedom in the direction of the first film, "" (1970), and, under the pseudonym "Takashi Fujii", Hasebe co-wrote the story as well. Meiko Kaji was the supporting actress in the first entry in the series, but became the star of the remaining films. Though mainly known for his later "violent pink" films, some call this series Hasebe's best work, "ultra-chic, yet surprisingly grim."
The "Alleycat Rock" series came to an end when Kaji left Nikkatsu to join Toei studios and star in the "Female Prisoner: Scorpion" series and "Lady Snowblood" (1973). Hasebe also left Nikkatsu in late 1971, when the studio decided to compete with the "Pink film" genre, and produce almost nothing but softcore pornographic films which Nikkatsu labeled "Roman Porno". Hasebe later commented, "to be honest, I am not good at making sex films."
Hasebe worked mainly in television in the early 1970s, including the series "Spectreman". He returned to Nikkatsu to make "Naked Seven" (1974), a financially and critically successful parody of Kurosawa's "Seven Samurai", and an informal sequel to the "Alleycat Rock" series. Also in 1974, he directed an homage to Clint Eastwood's "Dirty Harry" character in "Sukeban Deka: Dirty Mary". Though well-regarded today, this film was a major financial failure at the time, and damaged Hasebe's reputation for a couple of years.
"Violent pink".
When Nikkatsu offered him a chance to leave TV and create a new genre of "pink film" in 1976, Hasebe was at first reluctant. Not interested in directing typical sex films, Hasebe instead conceived of the "Violent pink" genre. The Weissers, in their "Japanese Cinema Encyclopedia: The Sex Films" describe the Violent pink" films as "vicious and mean-spirited productions, without delving into the more traditional whip-n-bondage aspects of the S&M genre", and compare the genre to the American "roughies." Warning the studio about his intentions, Hasebe asked "Are you sure you want me? You must be aware--my craft is very bloody." Nikkatsu, desperate at the time for a new direction for their "Roman porno" films, agreed to give him creative freedom. Though "highly controversial and recommended with some obvious reservations", most critics judge Hasebe's "violent pink" films the best of his career.
Hasebe's first true "Roman porno", the "violent pink" "Rape!" (1976) became a hit, and Nikkatsu let him continue making similar films. Hasebe recalled, "In '76, I made three genre films back to back, "Rape!", "Assault! Jack The Ripper" and "Rape! 13th Hour". I'm not sure these were great films, but the ticket sales were remarkable. It was wonderful to be a busy, successful director again."
The last of these three films has been called, "the pinnacle of this genre, a movie long-considered the most offensive, the most grotesque movie of all time." Nikkatsu, fearful of governmental action if Hasebe continued becoming more extreme in his films, assigned producer Ryoji Ito to watch him on the set. Recalling this situation later, Hasebe laughed and said, ""Rape! 13th Hour"... remains one of Producer Ito's favorites. Ultimately, I guess the company misjudged our tagteam effect."
Some contemporary critics interpreted these films as commentaries and satires on the state of film-making in Japan at the time. Hasebe denied such intentions on his part, but did not rule out the possibility that producer Ito and the script-writer may have had this in mind. Hasebe rejected the idea that cinematic violence incites violence in the audience, saying, "I believe violence has no effect on an audience. Personally, I can attest to this fact. I do not become aggressive when I watch a violent movie. I can not imagine such a correlation... When I was very young, we admired Humphrey Bogart for his dandyism, but not for his killing. We did not accept the formula. We knew that killing somebody wouldn't make us become him. Why? Because we knew it was just a goddamn movie and he was just an actor and none of his victims were really dead."
Though the controversial "Rape! 13th Hour" had been a box-office hit, Nikkatsu decided to curtail the ultra-violence in their "Roman porno" films after its release. Kōyū Ohara's "" (1980) would later begin another wave of "Violent pink" Nikkatsu "Roman porno" films. Hasebe softened his touch for his next film, "Secret Honeymoon: Rape Train" (1977), which was more typical of Nikkatsu's "Roman porno" style, and called an "erotic film emphasizing warmth and human drama." His next film, "Attacked!!" (1978), compared to "Rape! 13th Hour", has been judged "still deplorable, but not nearly as repulsive as the former notorious entry." Also in 1978, Hasebe directed "Erotic Liaisons", a modern adaptation of Choderlos de Laclos's 18th-century epistolary novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses", which "pink film" director, Kōji Wakamatsu would also film in 1992.
After leaving Nikkatsu in the late 1970s, Hasebe worked for Toei, where he directed several V-cinema films in the 1990s. When interviewed in 1999, Hasebe was a grandfather, living in comfortable semi-retirement in Tokyo. Hasebe died of pneumonia on June 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9899295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899295" title="Vasili Ivanov">
Vasili Ivanov

Vasili Vladimirovich Ivanov (; born March 21, 1970) is a retired Russian football player, widely regarded as one of the most influential foreign signings during his stint in Israel with Maccabi Haifa.

</doc>
<doc id="9899297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899297" title="John Marshall (Kentucky)">
John Marshall (Kentucky)

John Marshall (May 24, 1856 – August 19, 1922) served as the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky under Governor William S. Taylor from 1899–1900. Both Governor Taylor and Lieutenant Governor Marshall were removed from office by a Supreme Court decision that ruled that William Goebel had rightly been elected governor in the contested 1899 election.

</doc>
<doc id="9899312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899312" title="Canis District">
Canis District

Canis District is one of fifteen districts of the province Bolognesi in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9899318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899318" title="Kentuckiana Blues Society">
Kentuckiana Blues Society

The Kentuckiana Blues Society (KBS), founded in 1988 and based in Louisville, Kentucky is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to the preservation, promotion, and perpetuation of the blues tradition in all of its forms. The KBS is an affiliate member of the Blues Foundation. The Blues Foundation is a non-profit corporation headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee. The Foundation consists of more than 160 affiliated blues organizations and societies around the world and serves as the hub for the worldwide passion for blues music.
Preservation.
Through extensive research and documentation, the KBS has made major inroads into the documentation of the blues tradition in Louisville, Kentucky. This research has led to the discovery of many rare photos, interviews, and the location of many early blues related sites. An archive has been established by the KBS to centrally locate all of these materials and make them available to members. They have also located the grave sites of blues greats Sylvester Weaver and "Little" Bill Gaither and arranged for the placement of headstones to preserve their memory. One of their most recent projects was the placement of a headstone for Louisville bluesman Foree Wells and his wife Lorene at Calvary Cemetery. Foree was a founding member of the KBS and of the Walnut Street Blues Band. He died in January 1997. In January 2007 his long awaited album "It's A New Day Brother!" was finally released on Stackhouse Records with assistance and financial support of the KBS.
Promotion.
From its inception the KBS has been actively involved on the local blues scene. Many local and regional talents have been showcased in local venues under either direct sponsorship or contributed support of the KBS. Such artists as Albert Collins, Pinetop Perkins, and Henry Townsend (musician) were all able to appear in Louisville under the auspices of the KBS.
From 1988 through its demise in 1999, the KBS was involved in the festival formerly known as Garvin Gate Blues Festival - which was held the second weekend of October. Beginning in 1997 the festival was moved from the Garvin Gate Neighborhood of "Old Louisville" to Theatre Square. It was held in cooperation with The Louisville Palace, the Public Radio Partnership and the KBS. 2007 saw the rebirth of the Garvin Gate Blues Festival at its original location of Garvin Place and Oak Street.
The KBS is also involved with several current local blues festivals including the Louisville Blues-n-Barbecue Festival held in mid July at the Water Tower on Louisville's riverfront and the Jeffersontown-Crusade Blues Festival held the third weekend in May at Veteran's Memorial Park.
The KBS Unsigned Blues Talent Competition garners recognition for new bands and, due to its affiliation with The Blues Foundation, the winner is eligible to compete in the finals of the International Blues Challenge in Memphis, Tennessee. The KBS contest is usually held in late summer or early fall at Stevie Ray's Blues Bar.
Perpetuation.
Probably the strongest commitment that the KBS has is its efforts to perpetuate the blues tradition so that generations to come may be able to attain a knowledge and appreciation of the blues. In a way, this perpetuation encompasses the other two "p"s of the mission: it is through the preservation and presentation of the blues that we can begin to perpetuate it.
One of the ways in which KBS perpetuates the blues is through the annual presentation of the Sylvester Weaver Award to an individual in recognition of their efforts in representing the mission of the KBS.
Additionally, it seeks to perpetuate the blues with formal and informal presentations about the blues to various groups, and through sponsorship and presence at festivals and concerts.
Monthly meetings.
The KBS Board meets the first Wednesday of each month at 7:00 pm. Any changes in location and/or time are announced in the newsletter and on the website (http://kbsblues.org/). All are invited to attend. Recently issued CDs are offered to members for review in the newsletter.

</doc>
<doc id="9899324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899324" title="John Reeve (religious leader)">
John Reeve (religious leader)

John Reeve (1608–58) was an English plebeian prophet who believed the voice of God had instructed him to found a Third Commission in preparation for the last days of earth. This commission was third in succession to the Mosaic Law and the gospel of Christ Jesus.
He and his followers came to be known as Muggletonians, named after his cousin Lodowicke Muggleton. The pair saw themselves as the last prophets and the Two Witnesses foretold in the Book of Revelation chapter 11 verse 3.
Early life.
Reeve was born in Wiltshire. His father, Walter, was styled a gentleman but who fell on hard times. As a result, John and his elder brother, William, were apprenticed tailors in the City of London. William was Lodowicke Muggleton's first employer as a journeyman tailor. Mercurius Politicus (1653) says of John Reeve and Lodowicke Muggleton "only one works and that is Muggleton; the other (they say) writes Prophecies." 
"A Transcendent Spiritual Treatise".
"A Transcendent Spiritual Treatise" was the first Muggletonian book. It is written in the first person singular by Reeve but appears under the names of both Reeve and Muggleton as "the last true witnesses". The book was printed in 1652 with a second, slightly different, print-run the following year. It could not be openly published since it could not be licensed. It purports to be a message from Christ Jesus to the elect by way of his last prophet and is a forerunner to God's reappearance in the skies above earth on the Day of Judgment. It announces Reeve and Lodowicke Muggleton to be the last two witnesses "and suddenly after we have delivered this dreadful message, this God the man Jesus, will visibly appear to bear witness whether he sent us or not." The job of the two witnesses is to declare the mind of God. They are given a power to expound scripture beyond anything that has gone before. Anyone rejecting their commission commits the unforgivable sin against the Holy Ghost. The witnesses shall pronounce such a person cursed by God. The book then proceeds to a number of specific themes.
Establishing the Third Commission.
Reeve embarked upon his career as God's chosen prophet by issuing, in 1653, an eight-page pamphlet entitled "A General Epistle from the Holy Spirit unto all prophets, ministers and speakers in the world". Reeve pronounced sentence of eternal damnation on two classes of people: those who heard of his commission but despised it, and those who continued to preach the message of the existing churches. Reeve says such ministers are not sent by God. They possess no commission and their opinions are merely their own. "You preach to the people out of the bottomless pit of your own lying imagination, which is the Devil." And perhaps more tellingly, "You know not the Lord Jesus who requires mercy and not sacrifice, who causeth the sun to shine upon the just and unjust."
Reeve was beginning to tread on very dangerous ground. In 1656, James Nayler, a Quaker, was to be convicted of blasphemy after a trial before parliament. "After a debate which reveals the savagery of frightened men, Nayler was sentenced to be flogged, pilloried, branded, his tongue to be bored and then to be imprisoned indefinitely. This was milder punishment than many MPs wanted." Earlier, in 1653, Reeve's "General Epistle" was rapidly making enemies amongst those who supported Oliver Cromwell's policy of religious toleration as well as those bitterly opposed to it - and for the same reason in both cases. What was the point, the argument ran, of granting toleration to minorities if they then used it as licence to vilify everyone else? Reeve was clearly impelled by a Godly imperative rather than political tact.
Reeve and Muggleton were arrested under the Blasphemy Act 1650, the "Transcendent Spiritual Treatise" providing the evidence. Reeve was examined by the Lord Mayor of London, John Fowke, on three heads; self-deification, cursing Cromwell and denying the Trinity. Reeve denied all charges. "We own the Trinity more than any Men, both Father, Son and Spirit, are all one Person and one God Christ Jesus." A further charge brought by ministers outraged by the "General Epistle" was dropped, possibly because of the difficulty of framing a case, or possibly because the minister in attendance was from outside the jurisdiction.
Reeve and Muggleton were remanded to Newgate prison to be tried by jury on October 17, 1653. They were convicted on a single count of denying the Trinity and sentenced to six months in Old Bridewell house of correction. During this period, Reeve's "A Remonstrance from the Eternal God" (effectively his appeal to Cromwell) was printed and published by Jeremiah Mount and well received. The pair were released in April 1654 to find they had a following. As a result, a number of important letters were written by Reeve during 1654, principally to Rev. William Sedgwick, an Anglican minister in Ely, to the Earl of Pembroke and to Isaac Pennington the younger. On the face of it, Reeve's letter to these important persons were filled with failure. All three correspondents eventually preferred the Quaker viewpoint. Reading the letters one gets the impression Reeve doesn't much care. He's found the keystone belief for which he has long searched; universal mortality. People die, their souls die with them, the whole universe will soon expire and God has already died. Professor Lamont remarks that most of Reeve's contemporaries would have found this last item disturbingly blasphemous. It was to provide the subject matter for Reeve's final book, Joyfull News from Heaven, or the Souls Mortality Proved.
Reeve's health never recovered from his prison experiences. From this time, his wife and daughter provided the family livelihood. But his wife died, probably on March 29, 1656. After this, Reeve was a pauper. But he had one great book left in him A Divine Looking-Glass (1656). At the opening of this book it says that all writings come "of divine inspiration or human imagination" So confident was Reeve that only the Commission of the Last Witnesses was of divine origin that he said in a letter of August 15, 1656 to Alice Webb "if the Lord Jesus does not bear witness unto our testimony and make it evident that he has sent us in a few months then you may conclude that there was never any true prophets .. "
Reeve did not see himself as founding a faith so much as announcing imminent events to take place in the skies above London. The record of his prophetic experiences, as given in Lodowicke Muggleton's "Acts of the Witnesses", is not naive reportage. Some of its embedded expectations are quite explicit, such as harking back to the Book of Revelation or to the clear parallels with Moses' taking on the first commission. Other references are meant to be felt more obliquely. We are told of Reeve's reluctance to assume his task, implying the matter derived from the will of God, not the pushiness of the prophet. We are told of Reeve's earlier experiences which he had interpreted as being for his personal benefit alone, thus implying he is an old hand who can be relied upon to evaluate such things correctly. The story is framed by the expectations of the times.
Reeve died in July 1658 and was buried in the now-removed Bethlehem Burial Ground.
Reevonians.
After Reeve's death, Lodowicke Muggleton became the leader of the group as the sole surviving prophet. It is generally agreed that Muggleton introduced one novelty into a faith largely of Reeve's devising. This was the principle that God took no notice of everyday doings in human affairs. Not everyone was happy to accept this innovation. Some people didn't like it because it denied any personal relationship between believer and God. Others didn't like the way it left the prophet all-powerful with no possible appeal against his decisions. As a result, at all times in the faith's history, there have been those who felt they have more in common with Reeve and less in common with Lodowicke Muggleton. So, are there Reevonians?
The relationship between Reeve and Lodowicke Muggleton has been subject to considerable speculation from historians. William Lamont has argued that Muggleton had been the first to experience divine revelations and that Reeve was envious. Christopher Hill, on the other hand, has argued that Muggleton recast the events of 1651-52 after Reeve's death to put himself in a better light. Alexander Gordon may have got nearer the mark with the simplest possible explanation. It was all down to differences of personality. Reeve was a somewhat hot-headed ideologue whereas Muggleton was content with the virtues of a quiet, still people. It might also be a matter of timing. Reeve lived six years in the faith; Muggleton 46 years. The faith had certainly started with the most urgent tidings of apocalypse. As time ticked by and the world remained stubbornly unchanging, something we might call 'St Paul's syndrome' may have set in; making it necessary to accommodate this lengthening perspective. Had Reeve lived, he too would have faced the same adjustments, although that is not to say he would have chosen the same solution.
In Reeve's last writings and letters he no longer mentions his fellow witness and his whole tone is of a man who feels himself alone and abandoned. Muggleton's own record of Reeve's death is respectful but detached. It is perhaps significant that whilst Muggleton took steps to look after those who had helped Reeve in his last years there is no suggestion there had been help to Reeve himself.
Sources.
Modern knowledge of Reeve derives from three sources. Firstly and predominantly, from Muggleton's autobiographical testament "Acts of the Witnesses" although this was written long after Reeve's death. Secondly, Reeve's own letters and pamphlets in so far as copies survive in the Muggletonian archive. However, Alexander Delamaine's Great Book was not begun until 1682. The tone of these writings is often slanted by Reeve's urgent need for patronage and funds. Lastly, from contemporary commentators, although these may only be retelling gossip and hearsay. Unlike Muggleton, there is no pictorial likeness but Muggleton reports, "He had a fine head of hair, it was black, waving over his shoulders."
By no means all of Reeve's writings survive. Thomas Tomkinson quotes passages from Reeve which can no longer be traced.

</doc>
<doc id="9899328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899328" title="King Bruce">
King Bruce

King Bruce (b. 1922, Accra, Ghana–1998) was a composer, band leader, and musician in Ghana.
Background.
Composer, arranger, band leader and multi-instrumentalist made his mark on Ghana's dance band highlife tradition in a variety of ways. He grew up in a musical family. His mother sang in a choir; his two brothers played piano and guitar, and both taught young Bruce. As a boy, he loved the popular street music styles he encountered in Accra, much of it music adapted from his own Ga traditions.
Early life.
In secondary school, King Bruce encountered and learned principles of Western music as well as songs from other Ghanaian ethnic groups, especially Twi and Ewe. But his parents did not envision a career in music and sent him for two years to London to study with an eye to a career in the civil service. There, however, King learned to play the trumpet. When he returned to Accra in 1951, he fell into the city's fledgling highlife scene and soon found himself playing in Teacher Lamptey's Accra Orchestra.
The Black Beats.
The next year, King co-founded the group whose name, if not its membership, would remain with him all his life: the Black Beats. The name reflected a heartfelt loyalty to African rhythms and feelings in his then colonial context. However, the swing sounds coming out of the United States definitely qualified as African, and swing was an important element in the Black Beats' sound, which featured a strong vocal lineup. In 1961, nine Black Beats members defected to form the Ramblers, and King Bruce had to find new members. Six years later, he was forced to choose between his semi-professional band and his civil service career. His pocketbook dictated the decision, and he handed off leadership of the band to another member.
Union of Ghanaian musicians.
During the 1970s, King got involved in organizing unions of musicians. He would be involved with three during his life, notably the Musician's Union of Ghana (MUSIGA), formed in 1974, and still going today. In 1977, he retired from the civil service and returned to music. But his later years were most noteworthy for the work he did in teaching other musicians. King's house in James Town, Accra, became the home base for as many as seven bands, all of whom benefited from his experience, leadership and instruction. When he died in 1998, he left behind many protégés, and his work will be felt in Ghana for years to come. John Collins and Banning Eyre wrote an article and biography on his life.

</doc>
<doc id="9899330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899330" title="Perst">
Perst

Perst is an open source, dual license, object-oriented embedded database management system (ODBMS). Both the Java programming language, and the C# programming language versions are compact and Perst has been implemented on smart phones running the Android and Windows Phone (WP7) operating systems. 
History.
Perst was launched in 2003, in Russia. It was designed to achieve high-performance by tightly integrating the database with the programming language: Perst directly stores data in the language objects. In 2006 McObject LLC, based in Issaquah, WA took over the development of Perst. It continues to offer free downloads and has added commercial license options.
Perst was first written in Java, and ported to C#. Although originally designed for desktop- and server-based software, Perst has also found usage in providing database management for mobile applications running on devices such as smartphones. These mobile devices typically have hardware constraints, with limited RAM and few CPU cycles available and non-standard (for database systems) operating requirements (such as support for Java ME, or Silverlight in the Windows Phone 7 mobile platform).
Versions.
Currently available versions of Perst are Perst for .NET, Perst for Java and Perst Lite. Perst for Java and Perst Lite are bundled in a single software distribution.
Perst for .NET supports C# versions 1.0 and 2.0 with the same source code. Support for specific C# 2.0 features (such as template classes) is provided at compile time. It is compatible with both standard and compact .NET frameworks, as well as Silverlight, and can operate on both Microsoft Windows Phone 7 (WP7) and Windows Embedded Compact (formerly Windows CE). 
Perst for Java supports J2SE/ J2EE versions 1.3 and 1.4, as well as J2SE/J2EE version 5. It is compatible with the Android smartphone environment. 
Perst Lite is the Perst for Java implementation that runs on devices (such as BlackBerry smartphones) based on the Java ME (J2ME) mobile device platform. It has a memory footprint approximately 30 percent smaller than standard Perst.
In detail.
Size.
The Perst engine’s size is 5,000 lines of source code, and its run time random-access memory (RAM) needs range from 30K to 300K.]
Transactions.
Perst transactions support the ACID properties (atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability) with automatic recovery.
Querying.
Perst provides a subset of SQL for filtering elements of a container class. For access to stored objects, Perst implements specialized collection classes including:
Schema evolution.
To facilitate changes to an existing database design (database schema), Perst implements “lazy” database schema evolution. When an object instance is loaded from the database, its class descriptor is compared with the format of the class in the application. If they are not identical, and the object is to be changed, then the object is converted and stored in the new format. With an “eager” schema evolution format changes would sweep through the database all at once. 
Example Implementations.
ProScout is a demo midlet for using Perst Lite in the Java ME environment. The demonstration is of a discrete note-taking facility for a sports recruiter. Originally implemented for the Blackberry, it has also been deployed on the Nokia S60.
McObject provides a demo app of a CRM system using Perst for .NET, including a fully text-searchable contact database that runs in the desktop browser in Silverlight. Andy Wigley, of appamundi, ported this demo app to Windows Phone and described the project in a series of blog postings.
Licensing.
Users can redistribute and/or modify Perst under the terms of the GNU General Public License (version 2 or later) as published by the Free Software Foundation. For individuals or organizations that cannot or do not wish to comply with the GPL, a commercial license is available from McObject.

</doc>
<doc id="9899333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899333" title="Mike Saxon">
Mike Saxon

Michael Eric Saxon (born July 10, 1962) is a retired American football player. He had an 11-year career in the National Football League from 1985 to 1995 as a punter. He played in Super Bowl XXVII as a member of the Dallas Cowboys. Saxon was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the 11th round of the 1984 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Saxon attended Arcardia High School before playing for Pasadena City College. He walked-on at San Diego State University in 1982 and was named the starter at punter. He lost his job after struggling with his production, but regained it in the tenth game of the season against Brigham Young University, setting a school record with an 80-yard punt. He finished the year with a 41.8 yards punting average.
As a senior he received Honorable Mention All-American and second-team All-WAC honors, after registering school records with a 45.5 season punting average and a 54.8 yards average in one game (against Brigham Young University).
Professional career.
Detroit Lions.
Saxon was drafted in the 11th round of the 1984 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions and was waived on August 27, 1984.
Arizona Outlaws (USFL).
On October 27, 1984, he signed with the Arizona Outlaws of the USFL and was released on February 8, 1985.
Dallas Cowboys.
In the 70's and early 80's the Dallas Cowboys had the luxury that they didn't need to carry a punter on their roster, because quarterback Danny White could perform that task at a high level. In order to avoid a potential injury to White, the team kept searching for a replacement until signing Saxon in 1985. In his first year he finished with a 41.9-yard average, best by a Cowboy in 16 years and best by a rookie in franchise history.
Every year he was among the league leaders in punts downed inside the 20 yard line. Saxon was waived on July 7, 1993, after being on the winning team in Super Bowl XXVII.
New England Patriots.
In 1993 he signed with the New England Patriots and averaged 42.4 yards per punt. He was released on August 20, 1994.
Minnesota Vikings.
On August 30, 1994, he signed with the Minnesota Vikings. In his two years he averaged 42.9 and 40.9 yards respectively. He was released on August 26, 1996.
Personal life.
Saxon has a roofing business and is a co-founder of Servant Energy Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="9899342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899342" title="Hypocone">
Hypocone

The hypocone is the name for a main cusp found on the molars of the upper dentition of hominids and other therian Mammals. It is found on the distal lingual side of the tooth. It fits into the grooves of the lower dentition and is an adaptation for the overall grinding and tearing of foods using the occlusal (chewing side) of the tooth surface during occlusion or mastication (chewing). Its strength is due to the thickness of the enamel which differs among species of hominids. The hypocone appears to have evolved independently in more than twenty mammal species during the Cenozoic period.

</doc>
<doc id="9899352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899352" title="Green Dragon">
Green Dragon

Green Dragon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9899376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899376" title="Randy Vancourt">
Randy Vancourt

Randy Vancourt is a Canadian composer and entertainer. A Juno Award nominated composer, he has written music for television series such as Man Alive, Carmen SanDiego and Dudley the Dragon. 
He is also a writer of stage musicals including Chutzpah a Go-Go, Born Lucky, Boardwalk! and The Rocky Road To Dublin. 
His recordings have received international airplay, with his Radio Freaks songs appearing on the syndicated Dr. Demento radio show.
He is a founding member of the comedy troupe Radio Freaks who appeared for three years on CIUT Radio.
Randy is the son of author A. Lawrence Vaincourt, famous for his popular poem Just A Common Soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="9899378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899378" title="Chiquián District">
Chiquián District

Chiquián is a district of the province of Bolognesi, in the Ancash Region of Peru.
It is located on the Nor-Eastern part of the Bolognesi Province, Ancash Department in Peru. Its altitude is 3,350 meters above sea level, has approximately 6,500 people and an area of 184,165 km². Its topography seems jagged because of the Cordillera Blanca of Tucuchira, which is characterized for its everlasting snow mountains Cara Cara and Huara Pasca that are located in the north part of the district. The Nudo de Chonta is located in the western part with its noticeable chains of mountains comparable to the Cordillera Negra, with its evident absence of snow. The climate is dry and fluctuates from cold to tempered.
Events.
Fiesta de Santa Rosa de Lima, Patrona de Chiquián is an annual celebration held in August in commemoration of Saint Rosa of Lima, Patron of Chiquián.

</doc>
<doc id="9899383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899383" title="Test of Basic Aviation Skills">
Test of Basic Aviation Skills

The Test of Basic Aviation Skills (TBAS) is a computerized psychomotor test battery used as a tool for the selection of United States Air Force pilot candidates. It was created as a replacement for the Basic Attributes Test (BAT) which was in use from 1993 to 2006. TBAS scores are combined with the candidate's Air Force Officer Qualifying Test (AFOQT) scores, and flying hours to produce a Pilot Candidate Selection Method (PCSM) score. The PCSM score provides a measure of a candidate's aptitude for pilot training and is a significant part of the selection process. As of August 14, 2006 the TBAS is operational at all testing sites and the BAT has been retired.
Development and Field Testing.
In 1999, the Air Education and Training Command directed the Studies and Analysis Squadron to develop a new skills battery to incorporate the latest advances in psychomotor and cognitive research. The Studies and Analysis Squadron partnered with the Naval Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory and the US Air Force Academy to develop the TBAS as a possible BAT replacement.
The Air Force Research Laboratory, released a report on the "Development and Validation of the
Test of Basic Aviation Skills (TBAS) " in November 2005. According to the report, the TBAS was fielded to 994 Air Force pilot trainees. The testing showed strong correlations between TBAS scores and potential success at pilot training.
TBAS equipment was shipped to testing locations by July 2006 and was operational at all sites on August 14, 2006.
The test equipment consists of a computer, keyboard, mouse, joystick, rudder pedals, and headphones. During the validation of the TBAS the test apparatus was:
Whether the same equipment has been deployed at all testing sites remains unclear.
Test Structure.
The TBAS is composed of 9 subtests each of which either introduces a new skill area or tests a combination of the previous skill areas. Total time to administer the test is less than one hour.
Directional Orientation Test.
"Measures spatial orientation abilities: The participant must determine a UAV’s position relative to a target. The test simultaneously presents a "tracker map” which shows the location and heading of the UAV; and a forward field of view, as seen through a fixed, forward pointing camera of a UAV, which shows a single building surrounded by four parking lots. The task is to click on the parking lot that a computer generated voice instructs. There are 48 questions." 
3-Digit and 5-Digit Listening Tests.
"Participants are presented with auditory letters and numbers. They must squeeze the trigger when they hear any of the three or five specified numbers. The test lasts approximately three minutes." 
Horizontal Tracking Test (HTT).
"Participants use rudder pedals to keep a box over an airplane as it moves horizontally along the bottom of the screen. The airplane moves at a constant speed and changes direction when it “hits” the side of the screen or if a participant successfully targets it for multiple seconds. The task lasts three minutes and the level of difficulty (speed of the airplane) increases as the task progresses." 
Airplane Tracking Test (ATT).
"Participants use the joystick to keep the gun sight on the airplane as it moves at a constant rate. The airplane randomly changes direction when it hits the side of the screen or if a participant successfully targets it for multiple seconds." 
Airplane and Horizontal Tracking Test.
"This test requires you to perform two previously tested tasks simultaneously. First, you track an airplane moving along a horizontal axis as you did in the Horizontal Tracking Test. Second, you track an airplane moving in two dimensions as you did in the Airplane Tracking Test."
ATT, HTT, and Listening Tests.
"This test requires you to perform three previously tested tasks simultaneously. First, you will track an airplane moving along a horizontal axis as you did in the Horizontal Tracking Test. Second, you will track an airplane moving in two dimensions as you did in the Airplane Tracking Test. Third, you will respond when you hear any of the three or five specified target numbers." 
Emergency Scenario Test.
"Participants simultaneously perform the horizontal tracking task and the airplane tracking task, they are presented with three emergency scenarios (one at a time) which they must cancel out by typing a code with the keyboard." 
Scoring the TBAS.
The scoring of the test is kept secret, and TBAS scores are never explicitly reported, but as the score is a component of the PCSM score, a general idea of one's performance can be gleaned from the PCSM score.

</doc>
<doc id="9899386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899386" title="Chiquián">
Chiquián

Chiquián (Quechua Chiqllan) is a town in central Peru. It is the capital of the Bolognesi Province in the Ancash Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9899396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899396" title="Ditto mark">
Ditto mark

The ditto mark (″) is a typographic symbol indicating that the word(s) or figure(s) above it are to be repeated. For example:
The word "ditto" comes from the Tuscan language, where it is the past participle of the verb "dire" (to say), with the meaning of “said”, as in the locution “the said story”. The first recorded use of ditto with this meaning in English occurs in 1625. Early evidence of ditto marks can be seen on a cuneiform tablet of the Neo-Assyrian period (934 – 608 BC) where two vertical marks are used in a table of synonyms to repeat text, while in China the corresponding mark is two horizontal lines (二); see iteration mark.
Unicode.
For Western scripts, including Latin script, Unicode has not defined a separate ditto character, but instead may be used for this purpose. In practice, however, closing double quotation marks (”) or straight double quotation marks (") are often used instead. The abbreviation do. is also used. 
For East Asian scripts (CJK, specifically , , , and ), the full-width ditto mark is 

</doc>
<doc id="9899397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899397" title="Let's Lightning">
Let's Lightning

"Lets Lightning" is a song by Pull Tiger Tail, released as their second single under the B-Unique Records label.
The single was released on the Pull Tiger Tail website on March 19, 2007, unlocked by a code sent to purchasers' mobile phones. A week later, on March 26, 2007, the single was released on 7", CD and exclusive hand-stamped 10" each with exclusive B-sides.
Music video.
The video featured multiple versions of the band members playing to the camera while a tree-like structure morphed in the background.

</doc>
<doc id="9899400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899400" title="WDOD">
WDOD

WDOD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9899405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899405" title="2003 Polish Film Awards">
2003 Polish Film Awards

The 2003 Polish Film Awards ran on March 15, 2003. It was the 5th edition of Polish Film Awards: Eagles.
Awards nominees and winners.
"Winners are highlighted in boldface."

</doc>
<doc id="9899414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899414" title="Colquioc District">
Colquioc District

Colquioc District is one of fifteen districts of the province Bolognesi in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9899450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899450" title="Harriet Sims">
Harriet Sims

Lieutenant Harriet Beaumont Sims-Roberts, USN (played by Karri Turner) is a character in the "JAG" TV series. She made first appearance in Season 2.
Background.
Sims comes from a Southern "old money" family and faced some prejudice when she joined the Navy. Her mother was particularly displeased with her career choice and decision to marry "a man named after a dog" – namely, Bud.
Career.
Sims was promoted twice during the series, first (in the fourth season episode "River's Run") to Lieutenant (j.g.) after two years as an Ensign,} then to Lieutenant in the sixth season episode "Lifeline".
Sims first appeared in the second season episode "Crossing the Line" as an Ensign aboard "Seahawk", where she had replaced her future husband, Lt. Bud Roberts, who was the ship's public affairs officer. Later in the season she transferred to JAG headquarters, attached to the administrative staff, and began a relationship with Roberts. Despite some last minute second thoughts, Sims marries Roberts in the penultimate episode of the third season. While Navy regulations strictly forbade fraternization, Admiral Chegwidden managed to pull some strings and has Sims transferred to the department of the Inspector General while remaining attached to the JAG headquarters administrative staff.
Family.
Sims and Roberts have had five children together:
In the final episode of the ninth season, Sims announces she is pregnant with twins and is having her commission in the Navy sent to an inactive reserve billet, so she can stay home and raise her growing family. Although she, in essence, resigns her commission, she is still seen for the rest of the series.
Awards and decorations.
In Order of Precedence

</doc>
<doc id="9899499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899499" title="Monte Boulanger">
Monte Boulanger

Monte Boulanger is an author. His first novel "In the Sweet Light," was published in 2001. He published under the pen name Alex Boulanger.
Biography.
Boulanger is from Caney, Kansas and attended Coffeyville Community College (Kansas) and Pittsburg State University (Kansas). He received a BBA in Finance from PSU and an MBA from Nova Southeastern University. He currently lives in Bentonville, Arkansas. Boulanger is an eighth generation descendant of Osage Chief Pawhuska and is a citizen of the Osage Nation and serves on the Board of Directors of the Osage Nation Foundation. Boulanger's paternal uncle, Leon Boulanger, was a fiddle player for Ernest Tubb and the Texas Troubadours for a short time in the late 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="9899546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899546" title="Mia-Sophie Wellenbrink">
Mia-Sophie Wellenbrink

Mia-Sophie Wellenbrink (born October 6, 1998) is a German child actress and singer. Since early 2005, she is the star of a series of TV commercials for the dairy "Müllermilch".
Wellenbrink was born to actress Susanna Wellenbrink and ballet dancer Daniel Ramsbott. In late 2004 the Bavarian dairy "Müllermilch" cast the six-year-old girl for the promotion of the fruit yoghurt "Froop". A first series of commercials was broadcast in German and Austrian television from early 2005 on. Due to the popularity of the commercial, a second and third series were produced in 2006 and 2007.
In the wake of her success Mia-Sophie's grandfather Egon Wellenbrink recorded with her the single "Fruchtalarm" in September 2005. The song is mainly based on the popular children's song "Drei Chinesen mit dem Kontrabass". Shortly after its release it entered the German and Austrian pop charts.

</doc>
<doc id="9899549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899549" title="Dwight Rhoden">
Dwight Rhoden

Dwight Rhoden is a choreographer and artistic director of Complexions Contemporary Ballet who began dancing at the age of 17 while studying acting. He has performed with the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company, Les Ballet Jazz de Montréal and was a principal dancer with the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. He has appeared in numerous television specials, documentaries and commercials throughout the United States, Canada and Europe and has been a featured performer on many PBS "Great Performances" specials.
Complexions Contemporary Ballet.
Mr. Rhoden has created over 60 ballets for Complexions, as well as numerous other companies, including Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater; The Arizona Ballet; The Aspen Santa Fe Ballet Company; The Dance Theater of Harlem; Dayton Contemporary Dance Company; the Joffrey Ballet; New York City Ballet/Diamond Project; North Carolina Dance Theater; The Pennsylvania Ballet; Philadanco; Minnesota Dance Theater; Phoenix Dance Company; Sacramento Ballet; Oakland Ballet; Pittsburgh Ballet Theater; The Washington Ballet; and Zenon Dance Company. He has worked with, coached, and created for some of the most diverse artists spanning the world of ballet and contemporary dance.
Projects and awards.
Mr. Rhoden has lectured and served as "Artist in Residence" at universities around the country. He has directed and choreographed for film, theater, and live performances including E! Entertainment's Tribute to Style and Cirque du Soleil and for artists including Prince, Lenny Kravitz, and Kelly Clarkson. Rhoden worked on the film "One Last Dance", starring Patrick Swayze.
Rhoden is a 1998 New York Foundation for the Arts Award Recipient. In 2001, Rhoden was honored with the Choo San Goh Award for Choreography.

</doc>
<doc id="9899552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899552" title="Yan Ta Khao District">
Yan Ta Khao District

Yan Ta Khao () is a district ("Amphoe") of Trang Province, Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Palian, Kantang, Mueang Trang and Na Yong of Trang Province, Srinagarindra and Kong Ra of Phatthalung Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") Yan Ta Khao was created on January 1, 1948 as a subordinate of Kantang district. Originally it consisted of six "tambon" - Yan Ta Khao, Nong Bo and Thung Khai were split off from Kantang district, Na Chum Het from Mueang Trang district, and Nai Khuan and Phrong Chorakhe from Palian district. It was upgraded to a full district on June 5, 1956.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 8 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 65 villages ("muban"). Yan Ta Khao is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Yan Ta Khao. There are further 8 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9899554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899554" title="Zac Farro">
Zac Farro

Zachary Wayne "Zac" Farro (born June 4, 1990) is an American musician, who is currently the sole member of the band Half Noise, and best known as the former drummer of the alternative rock band Paramore from its inception until late 2010. He is also the younger brother of Josh Farro, who was Paramore's former lead guitarist and backing vocalist. After him and his brother's exit from Paramore, Josh formed a band named Novel American, which Zac was also a part of.
Personal life.
Farro was born in Voorhees Township, New Jersey. Zac is the middle child of five siblings (Nate, Joshua, himself, Jonathan, and Isabelle) and is of Italian descent. Zac began playing drums at around the age of nine, and he was eleven years old when he played his first drum kit. Zac now resides in Nashville, TN as the drummer in Novel American.
Influences.
Some of his favorite bands include: Radiohead, The National, Sigur Rós, Yann Tiersen and múm.
Paramore (2002–2010).
Farro, at age 14, was a founding member of Paramore, created in Franklin, Tennessee in 2004, with Hayley Williams (lead vocals/keyboards), his brother Josh Farro (lead guitar/backing vocals). Jeremy Davis admitted he was initially unsure if the band could be taken seriously because of Zac's young age until he saw him play. The band released three studio albums, "All We Know Is Falling", "Riot!" and "Brand New Eyes", as well as two live albums and one EP. "Brand New Eyes", their third album, was released on September 29, 2009. In June 2009, the band welcomed Taylor York (rhythm guitar), a long time friend of the Farros' and who previously played with them as a touring member. On December 18, 2010 the band's website announced the Farros' amicable departure. On December 21, 2010, Josh Farro released an official exit statement for himself and his brother, refuting the band's previous story.
Half Noise (2010–).
Two days after his departure from Paramore, Zac took part in a new project band called "Tunnel", releasing a new song called "Hide Your Eyes". The duo then renamed themselves "Half Noise" due to other bands being named "Tunnel". The band features Farro (drums, vocals) and Jason Clark (guitar, vocals).
Half Noise released its first single "Mountain" 29 May 2014. Farro also announced an album will be released soon called "Volcano Crowe".
Novel American (2011–2014).
Josh Farro founded the band Novel American with former Cecil Adora members Van Beasley, Ryan Clark and Tyler Ward briefly after his departure from Paramore and the group announced plans to record an EP as well as play local venues in the near future.
On February 22, 2011, the band announced Zac Farro would replace Tyler Ward on drums.
On May 23, 2014, Novel American was scrapped by Josh for the main reason that he, Zac and his bandmates could not find a suitable lead vocalist. As a result he is no longer a part of Novel American and instead accompanying Josh for his new album he has been working on according to his twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="9899563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899563" title="Billy Fitzpatrick">
Billy Fitzpatrick

Billy Fitzpatrick (born 6 April 1954 in Johnstown, County Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish former sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club the Fenians and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1974 until 1986. Fitzpatrick captained Kilkenny to the All-Ireland title in 1975.
Biography.
Billy Fitzpatrick was born in Johnstown, County Kilkenny in 1954. From an early age he showed great skill at the game of hurling. He was educated locally and later attended St. Kieran's College in Kilkenny city, a secondary school and noted nursery for young hurling talent. It was here that his hurling skills were further developed. Fitzpatrick first tasted success when he won an All-Ireland Colleges’ title with Kieran’s in 1971. He was captain of the side the following year when the college lost to Farranferris of Cork.
Playing career.
Club.
Fitzpatrick played his club hurling with Fenians club in Johnstown. He had much success at underage levels before joining the senior team in the early 1970s. In all he won four Kilkenny SHC titles with the club in 1972, 1973, 1974 and 1977. Fitzpatrick also won a Leinster club hurling title in 1974, but lost to St. Finbarr's of Cork in the All-Ireland final.
Inter-county.
By the early 1970s Fitzpatrick had come to the attention of the Kilkenny inter-county selectors and he quickly joined the minor team. In 1972 he won his first All-Ireland medal when the Kilkenny minors beat the Cork minors in the final. Fitzpatrick quickly moved onto the Kilkenny under-21 team where he won back-to-back All-Ireland medals in 1974 and 1975. These were Kilkenny’s first titles at under-21 level.
Fitzpatrick made his senior debut in a National Hurling League game against Cork in 1973. In 1974 he became a regular in the half-forward line and won his first Leinster medal at senior level. This was subsequently converted into his first senior All-Ireland medal following a win over Limerick. In 1975 Fitzpatrick, although still only 21 years-old, was appointed captain of Kilkenny’s senior hurling team. He captured his second Leinster title before leading Kilkenny to victory over Galway in the first 70-minute All-Ireland final. For the next two years Wexford ousted Kilkenny as provincial champions, however, Fitzpatrick won his first National Hurling League title in 1976. "The Cats" were back in 1978 with Fitzpatrick winning his third Leinster title. Kilkenny were subsequently defeated by Cork in the All-Ireland final.
In 1979 Fitzpatrick won his fourth provincial medal before later claiming his third All-Ireland title following another win over Galway. For the next two years Offaly emerged as Leinster champions, however, Fitzpatrick won his second National Hurling League title in 1982, before winning his fifth provincial title. In the subsequent All-Ireland final Kilkenny demolished Cork with Fitzpatrick winning his fourth All-Ireland medal as well as being honoured with his first All-Star award. In 1983 captured a unique double by claiming back-to-back League, Leinster and All-Ireland honours. In the All-Ireland final against Cork Fitzpatrick gave one of the best performances of his life when he scored ten points. Once again he was honoured with another All-Star award.
Fitzpatrick continued playing with Kilkenny until 1986 when he retired following a National League game against Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="9899582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899582" title="Tirso">
Tirso

Tirso is Spanish and Portuguese for Thyrsus, and usually refers to the saint of that name (Saint Thyrsus) (San Tirso, Santo Tirso). It can also refer to:
People
Places
Geography

</doc>
<doc id="9899600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899600" title="Henry Savile">
Henry Savile

Henry Savile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9899610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899610" title="ITransact">
ITransact

iTransact is a payment gateway and merchant account provider. Its services allow Internet, bricks and clicks, and traditional brick and mortar merchants to accept payments via credit, debit, and gift cards, as well as electronic checks (and/or check conversion) with check guarantee.
iTransact was founded in 1994 as RediCheck, one of the earliest providers of telephone-based check acceptance services. RediCheck made its services available on the Internet in the fall of 1995, making it one of the first providers of online check acceptance. In 2010, iTransact, Inc., merged with National Merchant Services LLC to form The iTransact Group LLC.
While electronic check acceptance remains one of the company’s service offerings, iTransact today is primarily a provider of credit card payment services to merchants. Businesses can obtain payment gateway service and/or a merchant account from iTransact.
Merchant accounts.
iTransact is a merchant service provider affiliated with Retriever Payment Systems/NPC, iPayment, Inc., PowerPay, Petroleum Card Service, International Merchant Solutions, Terminal Velocity Processing, Sage Payment Solutions, Nova Information Systems, and other payment processors. A merchant can obtain a merchant account from iTransact and integrate a physical terminal or a payment gateway obtained from iTransact or elsewhere.
iTransact provides merchant accounts directly to merchants, as well as indirectly – as a merchant account partner to various credit unions, banks, network marketing companies, and other trade associations.
The iTransact payment gateway.
iTransact’s payment gateway is compatible with most merchant accounts, including those obtained from competitors. Some of the processing networks compatible with iTransact include First Data (Cardnet, Nabanco, and Omaha), Paymentech, NDC Atlanta, Nova, and Vital.
The iTransact payment gateway can be integrated into shopping cart software or used as a stand-alone virtual terminal.
iTransact’s payment gateway service is available to merchants either from the company or via an iTransact reseller. Resellers can opt to private-label the iTransact gateway product and provide it to merchants under their own brand. Thus, some other payment gateways are actually operating via iTransact.
Merchants and resellers using the iTransact gateway can use the basic "front-end" HTML- or XML-based service with a standardized transaction control panel and virtual terminal or the "back-end" XML service with a customized look and feel.
The iTransact payment gateway includes a feature called Call-A-Charge, whereby a merchant can make a telephone call to the virtual terminal and process sales without a live operator or industry-standard voice-authorization fees. The gateway also allows recurring transactions – the ability to run a series of repeat transactions to customers at specified intervals.
Security.
iTransact is Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant. iTransact’s gateway clients run transactions directly on iTransact’s secure server or on their own secure server.
Some of the merchant security features of the iTransact payment gateway include:

</doc>
<doc id="9899616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899616" title="Alexander Baring, 4th Baron Ashburton">
Alexander Baring, 4th Baron Ashburton

Alexander Hugh Baring, 4th Baron Ashburton DL (4 May 1835 – 18 July 1889) was a British landowner and Conservative Party politician. Baring was the son of Francis Baring, 3rd Baron Ashburton (1800–1868) and his wife Hortense Eugenie Claire Maret de Bassano (c. 1812–1882). He was educated at Harrow School and Christ Church, Oxford, graduating in 1857.
He married the Hon. Leonora Caroline Digby, daughter of Edward Digby, 9th Baron Digby and Lady Theresa Anna Maria Fox-Strangways, on 5 January 1864. Baring was elected unopposed as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Thetford at a by-election in December 1857, filling the vacancy caused by his father's succession to the peerage. He was re-elected in 1859 and 1865, and held the seat until he succeeded to the peerage in 1867 on the death of his father.
A member of the Baring family, he succeeded to the title of 4th Baron Ashburton, of Ashburton, Devon, on 6 September 1868 and held the office of Deputy Lieutenant. He died at Bath House, Piccadilly, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="9899631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899631" title="Rauno Ronkainen">
Rauno Ronkainen

Rauno Ronkainen (August 4, 1964) is a Finnish TV and film cinematographer and camerman.
He won the Nordic Vision Award in 2005 for his work on the acclaimed film "Frozen Land".

</doc>
<doc id="9899636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899636" title="Protocone">
Protocone

The protocone is a cusp of the molars of the upper dentition in Placental and Marsupial vertebrates. It is found at the mesiolingual area of the tooth. The crests between the cusps are adaptations for slicing food during occlusion or mastication (chewing).
Other cusps of the upper dentition of hominids include the paracone, hypocone, and the metacone.

</doc>
<doc id="9899642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899642" title="Live It Up! (film)">
Live It Up! (film)

Live It Up! is a British music-film (US release title: Sing and Swing) released in 1963. It was filmed at Pinewood Film Studios in London, England, and featured Gene Vincent, Jenny Moss, The Outlaws, Patsy Ann Noble, The Saints and Heinz Burt (most of them being produced by Joe Meek who wrote the film's theme) among others. It was filmed at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire, England. The film also featured a young actor called Steve Marriott who went on to become a well-known singer with Small Faces and Humble Pie.
The film was quite successful and "Be My Guest" was the follow-up.
Cast.
Music guests.
Music and lyrics were written by Joe Meek.

</doc>
<doc id="9899652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899652" title="Metacone">
Metacone

The metacone is a cusp on the molars of the upper dentition in hominids. It is found at the buccal distal area of the tooth. The crests between the cusps are adaptations for slicing food during occlusion or mastication (chewing).
Other cusps of the upper dentition of hominids include the paracone, hypocone, and the protocone.

</doc>
<doc id="9899660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899660" title="Shaw Festival production history">
Shaw Festival production history

The Shaw Festival is a major Canadian theatre festival in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, the second largest repertory theatre company in North America. Founded in 1962, its original mandate was to stimulate interest in George Bernard Shaw and his period, and to advance the development of theatre arts in Canada.
The following is a chronological list of the productions that have been staged as part of the Shaw Festival since its inception.

</doc>
<doc id="9899662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899662" title="Jon Schueler">
Jon Schueler

Early life.
Schueler originally wanted to become a writer and, after acquiring his MA at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1940, he worked for a short time as a journalist. The Second World War interrupted his writing. From 1941 to 1944 he served as an Army Air Corps navigator and flew numerous missions in a B-17 Flying Fortress bomber out of Molesworth, England, over France and Germany.
After the war, he moved to San Francisco and taught English while he began attending the California School of Fine Arts where he studied with Edward Corbett, David Park, Hassel Smith, and Richard Diebenkorn. He chose Abstract Expressionism as his preferred style and moved to New York in 1951, where he became part of the New York School of artists. His first solo exhibition was in 1954, at the Stable Gallery.
Jon Schueler is represent by Ingleby Gallery worldwide.
Developing his style.
First experiences of Scotland.
In September 1957, he set up a studio just north of Mallaig, Scotland. He later described the effect this had on his painting:
"There now have been three massive experiences I have had with the Scottish sky. The first, in March 1958, when I had given up and, aching in my head and eyes and soul, I cycled from Mallaig Vaig to the white sands of Arisaig, where I watched the snow clouds moving toward me, implacable, from the sea. One passed over and through me, snow beating against my face. Then I turned to the south and saw the winter sun glowing in the snow cloud; strange image of light burning and dying through the shadows of a changing form. Though the sun was a winter sun, it translated itself in my mind to the most powerful and vibrant colors, reds, yellows, Indian yellows, or sometimes alizarin through blue."
After his first stay, from 1958 to 1959, he wanted to return to Mallaig, but various circumstances permitted only a few brief visits until 1970, when he settled there for almost five years. Meanwhile, he had painted in New York, and Chester, Connecticut, exhibiting in both solo and group shows, and teaching as a visiting artist at both Yale University and the Maryland Institute of Fine and Applied Arts, (now the Maryland Institute College of Art).
On a visit to Mallaig in 1967, he had another experience of the Scottish sky that became a major theme in his future repertoire:
"The second experience was in 1967 when I was at sea with Jim Manson, the day of the gale. A mist hung like a curtain, to the sea, haunted by a subtle glow from the direction of Rhum. I pointed out the image to Jim, who said, "Yes, we call that a sun dog; it's the sign of the gale." This warning of the storm that was to drive us from the sea was the most delicate sign, impossible to draw, impossible to define, impossible to understand except in the most exquisitely sensitive terms."
The summer of 1967 was also the first time he had begun to use watercolor as a medium, abandoning the use of heavy impasto that had characterized his earlier oil paintings.
Return to Scotland.
Before 1970, his times in Scotland had been in the autumn, winter, and early spring, with a brief visit in the high summer. Though he had experienced the very short winter days of the far north, he had yet to see the midnight sun of a June night. When he did, he had what he describes as an intense revelation:
"Last night I had one of the very important visual experiences of my life. It was late, 11:30, when I looked out the studio window and was struck by the somberness of what I was able to see...I went out...The vision was intensely real, yet it was the most powerful abstraction...this vision of death, or of Nature beyond life, or of Nature as she must exist beyond that fantasy of life that we imagine...This abstraction of the sea and the sky and Sleat – I was possessed by it, wanted to walk into it, to disappear into it. I was exhausted afterward. There was no color I could define: The greys were not grey, the silver was not silver, the blacks were not black. It was all light and all darkness. Believe me, I have seen eternity, and it is frightening and it is most beautiful, more beautiful and more powerful than any man or any woman or the works of either..."
Horizontal lines had been a part of his compositions for some years. After this experience, he concentrated on developing this theme further, producing many paintings in which the picture surface is meant to "vibrate" with bands of color that depend on the effects of light during the changing seasons on the Sound of Sleat. This would remain the central element of his style for the next three decades.

</doc>
<doc id="9899697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899697" title="David W. Murhammer">
David W. Murhammer

David W. Murhammer is Professor and former Department Chair of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering at the University of Iowa, specializing in biochemical engineering. He is also a member of the Center for Biocatalysis and Bioprocessing there. Dr. Murhammer received his B.S. and M.S. degrees from Oregon State University, and his Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering at the University of Houston in 1989. Professor Murhammer was a grad student under Charles F. Goochee. He then joined the College of Engineering in 1989 as Assistant Professor, becoming Professor in 2003. 
Murhammer also worked briefly in the Zirconium refining industry, which sparked his lifelong dedication to chemical process safety. 
Research interests and publications.
Research interests include baculoviruses, with emphasis on their bioinsecticide production and effects on insect cell cultures.
Murhammer is an editor of "Baculovirus and Insect Cell Expression Protocols". He has also made numerous presentations at government and industrial engineering laboratories and conferences. He has written a total of 43 journal articles. Among his major recent peer-reviewed publications are: 
Honors and memberships.
He is Associate Editor of Applied Biochemistry and Biotechnology, and a member of the American Chemical Society; American Institute of Chemical Engineers; American Society for Engineering Education; Society for Free Radical Biology and Medicine.
He regularly teaches courses in "Process calculations", "Engineering flow/Heat exchange", "Chemical process safety", and "Introduction to biochemical engineering".

</doc>
<doc id="9899701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899701" title="Cunigunde of Swabia">
Cunigunde of Swabia

Cunigunde of Swabia (born c. 880) was the wife and Queen of Conrad, King of East Francia. She was a member of the Ahalolfinger Dynasty. Very little is known of her.
She was the daughter of Berthold I, Count Palatine of Swabia, and of Gisela. Her maternal grandparents were Louis the German and Hemma. 
Her brother was Erchanger, Duke of Swabia. She married first Luitpold, Margrave of Bavaria. Her sons by him were Arnulf the Bad, Duke of Bavaria, and Berthold, Duke of Bavaria. Luitpold died in 907.
Cunigunde then married in 913 Conrad, King of the East Franks. They had two children, both born 913: Herman, who died young, and Cunigunda, who married Werner of Worms, and who was possibly the mother of Conrad the Red, the founder of the Salian dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="9899716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899716" title="William P. Thorne">
William P. Thorne

William Pryor Thorne (March 5, 1845 – May 28, 1928) served as the 29th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky under Governor J. C. W. Beckham from 1903–1907. He was born in Shelby County, Kentucky and died in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="9899723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899723" title="Club Cal Neva">
Club Cal Neva

Club Cal Neva Hotel & Casino is a hotel and casino. It opened its doors in downtown Reno, Nevada on April 2, 1962.
The casino has 849 slot machines, 41 table games, 3 poker tables, and a race and sports book.
History.
Club Cal Neva is one of the most historic casinos in Northern Nevada, having held its presence in Downtown Reno through all of its monumental changes over the years. Club Cal Neva originally opened on April 2, 1962 as a club held by the gaming magnates of the time. It has avoided closure by changing hands and expanding into the sports betting industry. Its sports book is now one of the most profitable in the state and racks in millions per year via satellite participants. The Club Cal Neva is by no means a large casino but has expanded over the years.
It does have a hotel, though not attached to the main casino. From about 2001-2005 the Cal Neva held a lease to the 14 story Virginian Tower which held 180 rooms, it was connected to the Cal Neva Casino, the owners of which are unidentified declined to renew the lease in 2005 and the hotel was closed, it has not been reopened since. That same year, the Cal Neva purchased the old Nevadan tower across the street, it was once its own independent hotel and casino first opening in 1982 as the Onslow Hotel, it closed shortly thereafter and remained dormant until the owners of the Riverboat decided to merge it into their hotel-casino before it closed in 2001. It then sat empty before Cal Neva purchased it and poured thousands into a major refurbish. It has remained Cal Neva's hotel ever since. 
Other notable changes to the Cal Neva, a parking garage was added in 1996 and more gaming space around this same time. Today the Cal Neva remains one of the last remaining open casinos of Reno's nostalgic beginnings and is popular, it plays title sponsor to many notable Reno events especially the now famous "La Tomatina en Reno" which is essentially a spin off of the tomato fights in Spain. It drew a turnout of more than 10,000 people in its first run. The Cal Neva also has 4 restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="9899744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899744" title="Chevalier de Grimaldi">
Chevalier de Grimaldi

Antoine Grimaldi, le Chevalier Grimaldi, (Paris, 2 October 1697 – Monaco, 28 November 1784) was the de facto ruler of Monaco between 1732 and 1784. An illegitimate son of Antonio I of Monaco and the dancer Élisabeth Dufort (named "Babé"), he was recognized by his father in 1715.
The "Chevalier de Grimaldi" became "governor-general of Monaco" on 20 May 1732, when his brother-in-law Jacques I, Prince of Monaco and his young nephew Honoré III, Prince of Monaco moved to Hôtel Matignon in Paris and remained there, even after the proclamation in 1734 of Honoré as "Prince of Monaco".
This situation remained the same for half a century until Antoine's death in 1784, when Honoré III was already 64 years old.
Antoine Grimaldi was an able regent. For example, he succeeded in keeping Monaco out of the War of the Austrian Succession (1740-1748).
He never married and died on 28 November 1784. His remains were moved in 1966 to the Apse of the Monaco Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9899751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899751" title="Branchial cleft cyst">
Branchial cleft cyst

A branchial cleft cyst is a congenital epithelial cyst that arises on the lateral part of the neck due to failure of obliteration of the second branchial cleft (or failure of fusion of the second and third branchial arches) in embryonic development.
Pathology.
The cyst wall is composed of either squamous or columnar cells with lymphoid infiltrate, often with prominent germinal centers. The cyst may contain granular and keratinaceous cellular debris. Cholesterol crystals may be found in the fluid extracted from a branchial cyst.
Pathophysiology.
Branchial cleft cysts are remnants of embryonic development and result from a failure of obliteration of one of the branchial clefts, which in fish develop into gills.
Symptoms.
Most branchial cleft fistulae are asymptomatic, but they may become infected. The cyst, however, usually presents as a smooth, slowly enlarging lateral neck mass that may increase in size after an upper respiratory tract infection. 
Treatment.
Conservative (i.e. no treatment), or surgical excision. As complete surgical excision may be difficult (due to the close proximity of the internal jugular vein and carotid vessels that lie deep to the swelling), they can recur.
External links.
Cervical Cysts, Sinuses, and other Neck Lesions

</doc>
<doc id="9899778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899778" title="Implicit certificate">
Implicit certificate

In cryptography, implicit certificates are a variant of public key certificate, such that a public key can be reconstructed from any implicit certificate, and is said then to be "implicitly" verified, in the sense that the only party who can know the associated private key is the party identified in the implicit certificate. This does not rule out the possibility that nobody knows the private key, but this possibility is not considered a major problem.
By comparison, traditional public-key certificates include a copy of the public key and the digital signature of the certification authority. Upon verification of the digital signature, the public key is "explicitly" verified, in the sense that the party identified in the certificate knows the associated private key and is the only party who can know the private key. Unlike an implicit certificate, there is no possibility that nobody knows the private key. For the purposes of this article, such certificates will be called "explicit" certificates.
Elliptic Curve Qu-Vanstone (ECQV) are one kind of implicit certificates. This article will use ECQV as a concrete example to illustrate implicit certificates. 
The cryptographic portion of an ECQV implicit certificate is the size of an elliptic curve point, making it considerably smaller than a comparable explicit certificate. Smaller certificates are useful in highly constrained environments, such as Radio-frequency Identification RFID tags, where not a lot of memory or bandwidth is available.
Digital certificates are considered the best-known method of establishing identity in network communications. A certificate provides a binding between identity information and a public key; a key pair can subsequently be used for key exchange to set up secured communications and for digital signatures, to authenticate users or transactions for example.
Conventional explicit certificates are made up of three parts: identification data, a public key and a digital signature which binds the public key to the user’s identification data (ID). The digital certificate is created by a trusted third party and its signature can be independently verified by anyone in the network. The public key, ID and digital signature are distinct data elements which make the up the physical size of the certificate. Conventional certificates can get very large. For example, a standard X.509 certificate is on the order of 1KB in size (~8000 bits). 
Implicit certificates carry the same data (ID, public key and digital signature) but the data elements are super imposed into a string the size of the public key. For example using an elliptic curve system at 160 bits would give us implicit certificates of size 160 bits. 
With implicit certificates there is no explicit validation of the Certificate Authority's (CA’s) signature on a certificate. Instead, a user computes a public key from the implicit certificate and simply uses it in the intended ECC operation, e.g. key agreement protocols such as ECDH and ECMQV, or signing such as ECDSA. The operation will fail if the certificate is invalid. Thus ECQV is regarded as an implicit validation scheme. Computing the public key is very fast, much faster than a public key operation.
Generating implicit certificates.
Initially the elliptic curve parameters must be agreed upon. We define formula_1 as a generating point of order formula_2. The Certificate Authority (CA) will have private key formula_3 and public key formula_4. Alice will be the user who requests the implicit certificate from the CA. 
Alice’s private key is formula_16
Alice’s public key is formula_17
Computing the public-key from the implicit certificate.
Computing Alice's public key formula_18 can be computed by any third party provided they know formula_19, formula_20 and formula_21. 
Note that the size of the implicit certificate formula_19 is the same size as Alice's public key formula_23.
Security.
A security proof for ECQV has been published. (Brown)

</doc>
<doc id="9899781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899781" title="Karori (New Zealand electorate)">
Karori (New Zealand electorate)

Karori was a New Zealand electorate, situated in the west of Wellington. It existed from 1946 to 1978, and was represented by three Member of Parliament.
Population centres.
The 1941 census had been postponed due to World War II, so the 1946 electoral redistribution had to take ten years of population growth and movements into account. The North Island gained a further two electorates from the South Island due to faster population growth. The abolition of the country quota through the "Electoral Amendment Act, 1945" reduced the number and increased the size of rural electorates. None of the existing electorates remained unchanged, 27 electorates were abolished, eight former electorates were re-established, and 19 electorates were created for the first time, including Karori.
History.
The electorate of Karori was created for the 1946 elections. Its initial boundaries were roughly the same as the abolished Wellington West electorate, except that it did not include Brooklyn or Ngaio. It included Karori proper, Northland, Wilton, Makara, and parts of Kelburn. 
Redistributions for the 1954 elections saw it lose a small amount of territory to Wellington Central electorate, and gain a small amount from Onslow electorate. Redistributions for the 1957 elections saw it again gain territory (parts of Khandallah and Ngaio) from Onslow, but lose territory to Wellington South electorate. For the Redistributions for the 1963 elections, it gained the whole of Khandallah and Johnsonville from the abolished Onslow electorate, but lost Kelburn, Northland, and Wilton. The 1969 elections saw it lose Johnsonville, regain parts of Wilton and Northland, and gain Ohariu. In the 1972 elections, it lost ground in Wilton and Northland, but regained parts of Johnsonville.
The electorate was abolished in 1978. The new electorate of Ohariu was roughly based on Karori electorate, but did not include any of Khandallah or Ngaio.
The electorate was held by the National Party for the duration of its existence. Its longest occupant, Jack Marshall, briefly served as Prime Minister.
Members of Parliament.
The Karori electorate was represented by three Member of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="9899788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899788" title="Lodrick Stewart">
Lodrick Stewart

Lodrick Stewart (born April 30, 1985) is a former American college basketball player. He played at the University of Southern California. Lodrick and twin brother Rodrick, attended Joyner Elementary School in Tupelo, Mississippi before moving to Seattle, Washington.
High school career.
Stewart attended Rainier Beach High School in Seattle.
He played alongside his brother Rodrick Stewart formerly from the Kansas Jayhawks, Nate Robinson who is currently on the Chicago Bulls, Terrence Williams who is currently on the New Jersey Nets, and C. J. Giles, who formerly played for the Los Angeles Lakers. As a senior he led his basketball team to a 28–1 record and won the AAA state championship.
Lodrick is the twin brother of Rodrick Stewart who played for the University of Kansas Jayhawks Men's Basketball team. They also have younger twin brothers who play for university of Washington and shoreline community college, Juniors Hikeem Stewart, and Kadeem Stewart. Youngest brother Scotty Ewing played for South Puget Sound Community College and is now playing professionally in China. 
College career.
Stewart played for the USC Trojans between 2003 and 2007. He was honorable mention Pac-10 his senior year and is the all-time 3 point leader for the Trojans. Stewart graduated from USC in 2007.
Pro career.
Stewart played for the NBA Development League Anaheim Arsenal in 2007-2008. In 2008-2009, Stewart played for the Giants Noerdlingen in Germany. Later he went to Lithuania, Marijampolės "Sūduva". On March 8, 2010, it was reported that Stewart and another American player, Rashaun Broadus, left the team without saying a word after a game on February 23, 2010 against Perlas.[http://thehoopsmarket.blogspot.com/2010/03/rashaun-broadus-and-lodrick-stewart.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9899799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899799" title="University of Utah Press">
University of Utah Press

The University of Utah Press is the independent publishing branch of the University of Utah and is a division of the J. Willard Marriott Library. Founded in 1949 by A. Ray Olpin, it is also the oldest university press in Utah. The mission of the Press is to “publish and disseminate scholarly books in selected fields, as well as other printed and recorded materials of significance to Utah, the region, the country, and the world." 
The University of Utah Press publishes in the following general subject areas: anthropology, archaeology, Mesoamerican studies, American Indian studies, natural history, nature writing, Utah and Western history, Mormon studies, Utah and regional guidebooks, and regional titles. The Press employs seven people full-time and publishes from 25 to 35 titles per year. The Press has over 450 books currently in print.
The Press has partnerships with other organizations for whom it distributes books or DVDs. These include BYU Studies, Canyonlands Natural History Association, KUED Productions, and Western Epics Publications.
Selected Titles.
The first book published by the University of Utah Press was Victor Sears’s "New Teeth for Old" in 1949. This book on mid-century denture care is drastically different from books published by the Press since that time.
The following titles are examples of the book categories the Press publishes today.
Prizes.
The University of Utah Press awards five annual or biennial prizes for scholarly and/or literary manuscripts.
Series.
This series is
The first Anthropological Paper was published in 1950 and new books continue to be published through the present.
This annual lecture series was established by philanthropist Obert Clark Tanner with the hope that the “lectures will contribute to the intellectual and moral life of mankind.” Lecturers from a variety of cultures and fields are chosen on the basis of their leadership, integrity, and commitment to human values. The lectures consider the relationships between scientific and scholarly advancements and moral values and are published in an annual volume by the University of Utah Press.
Past lecturers include: E. O. Wilson, Carlos Fuentes, Freeman Dyson, Paul Farmer, Steven Pinker, and Toni Morrison.
Originally named the Utah Series in Turkish and Islamic Studies, this series now has a broader focus to publish books in the area of history, politics, and society of the Middle East. M. Hakan Yavuz is the Series Editor.

</doc>
<doc id="9899822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899822" title="Samu Heikkilä">
Samu Heikkilä

Samu Heikkilä (31 July 1971 in Karstula) is a Finnish film editor.
Education.
He graduated from University of Art and Design Helsinki with Master of Arts in Cinema in 1999.
Career.
He has won film editing awards for films such as "Restless" and "Frozen Land". In his career he has won four awards and received eight nominations. In 2005 he was granted the State Prize for Cinema along with director Aku Louhimies and cinematographer Rauno Ronkainen.

</doc>
<doc id="9899832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899832" title="USS Leonidas (AD-7)">
USS Leonidas (AD-7)

USS "Leonidas" (AD-7) was a destroyer tender, the lone ship in her class, named for "Leonidas I" (a king of Sparta), and the second United States naval vessel to bear the name.
Originally built as Elizabeth Holland by S. P. Austin & Son, Ltd., Sunderland, England in 1897-98; acquired by the Navy from Samuel P. Holland, London, 16 April 1898; and commissioned at New York on 21 May 1898 with Commander William Irwin Moore in command. 
Service history.
Collier, 1898–1912.
Converted into a collier for duty with the newly established Navy Fleet Train, "Leonidas" departed New York on 30 May 1898 on a coaling voyage to Key West, Florida, and following her return to Norfolk in mid-June, sailed again on the 23rd for Cuba and Jamaica, supplying occupation troops and naval units. Putting into League Island Navy Yard, Philadelphia on 15 December, she decommissioned on the 27th and remained there in reserve for nearly two years.
Reactivated on 8 November 1900 she served with the Collier Service, carrying coal to naval ships and stations along the Atlantic coast and in the West Indies through 1908. Decommissioning at Portsmouth Navy Yard in Kittery, Maine, from 15 February to 11 June 1909, the ship resumed her service as an Atlantic Fleet Auxiliary until placed out of service on 3 May 1912 at Portsmouth to fit out for duty as a survey ship. 
Survey ship, 1914–1917.
Recommissioned on 1 April 1914, "Leonidas" sailed from Portsmouth via Boston to survey the coast of Panama. From that date until 24 April 1917 the converted survey ship made four surveying trips to the Caribbean, charting the coasts of Panama, Honduras, and Nicaragua and making general observations on climate and terrain.
With the outbreak of World War I, she took up patrol duty in the Caribbean, searching for possible enemy submarine bases in Central America. As part of the Caribbean Detachment, Patrol Force, Atlantic Fleet, "Leonidas" remained in the West Indies until sailing for home 4 September, arriving Portsmouth 30 October. 
Tender, 1918–1922.
There the survey ship was converted, once again, this time into a tender capable of supplying two squadrons of submarine chasers. "Leonidas" sailed for the Mediterranean on 8 March 1918 via New York, Bermuda, the Azores and Gibraltar, arriving Corfu, Italy on 8 June and remaining there tending her submarine chasers guarding the area from submarine attack. After the Armistice on 20 November, the tender sailed for home via ports in Italy, the Riviera, and Spain, and escorted a convoy of submarine chasers from the Azores to Bermuda. She twice more escorted homeward bound small craft before arriving New York on 8 September.
Following short voyages to New London and Newport in support of her submarine chasers, the ship sailed for Key West on 11 October and operated off the southern U.S. coast as tender for the destroyers of Reserve Destroyer Squadron 1, Atlantic Fleet, out of Charleston, South Carolina until sailing for New York and arriving 19 May 1921. "Leonidas" sailed to Newport for duty 1 June to 17 October and, after returning to New York, sailed for Norfolk on the 28th, arriving two days later. She decommissioned there on 28 November, and was sold on 5 June 1922 to Ammunitions Products Corporation of Washington, D.C. as the SS "Elizabeth Holland".

</doc>
<doc id="9899868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899868" title="Ralph Daniello">
Ralph Daniello

Ralph "The Barber" Daniello (1886 - 1925) was a New York criminal who belonged to the Brooklyn Navy Street Gang and participated in a major gang slaying. Daniello eventually became an informant and helped destroy the Camorra crime gangs in Brooklyn.
Early life.
In 1906 Daniello fled from Italy to the US after an arrest for attacking a woman and on suspicion of involvement in a murder. In New York, Daniello became a low-level criminal who participated in labor racketeering and extortion. He was involved in the 1913 Labor slugger war.
Mafia-Camorra War.
In 1916 he became involved in the Mafia-Camorra War. He was a member of the Navy Street Gang, made up primarily of Italians from Naples, Italy. In November 1916, Daniello participated in the ambush murders of Nicholas Morello and Charles Ubriaco on a New York Street. These killings were part of an ongoing gang war between the Morello crime family, part of the traditional Sicilian mafia, and the Brooklyn Camorra, a Neapolitan crime organization. During this era, a crime organization would usually consist of individuals from the same clan, village, or region in Italy. In later years, the gangs would be based more on individual families and would allow any Italian to become a full member.
In hiding.
After being acquitted on robbery and abduction charges, Daniello decided it wasn't safe to stay in New York. In May 1917, Daniello and his girlfriend fled to Reno, Nevada. In July 1917, the New York City Police Department (NYPD) police issued a warrant for Daniello's arrest for the May 7 murder of Louis DeMarro in Brooklyn. Meanwhile, Daniello and his girlfriend were running low on money in Reno. He wrote the Camorra Gang asking for help, but they ignored his requests. Daniello was eventually arrested in Nevada and extradited back to New York.
Informant.
Facing indictments on murder, grand larceny and perjury, Daniello began to tell the police about the Navy Street crew and its connection to the Morello and Ubriaco murders. He provided evidence about 23 murders. Several Grand Juries issued 21 indictments in November 1917.
New York prosecutors offered Daniello a deal if he would testify against Alessandro Vollero, the Camorra leader. Daniello, who had attended several high level meetings with Vollero, agreed to the deal. In 1917, Vollaro was extradited to New York and indicted in the murders of Morello, Umbracio and Manhattan gambler George Verrizano (which Daniello later claimed he had participated in). Daniello's testimony, along with that of "Johnny the Left" Esposito, Tony Notaro, and other Navy Street and Coney Island gang members, led to Vollaro's conviction. The conviction of Vollaro and his associates marked the end of both the Navy Street Gang and the Brooklyn Camorra organization.
Death.
Because of the abuse he received after testifying at the trial against Vollero, Daniello was moved to a different prison. He received a suspended sentence in consideration of his testimony. However, shortly later he was arrested for assaulting a man in Coney Island. Daniello claimed he shot the victim thinking that he had been sent on a vendetta from his former associates of the Navy Street gang. He was sentenced to five years in prison. Released in 1925 he was shot in his saloon, near Metuchen, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9899882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899882" title="Didier Gailhaguet">
Didier Gailhaguet

Didier Gailhaguet (born 22 August 1953 in Béziers, France) is a former French figure skater and the president of the Fédération Française des Sports de Glace (French Ice Sports Federation).
Gailhaguet was a central figure in the 2002 Olympic Winter Games figure skating scandal, in which French judge Marie-Reine Le Gougne said that she had judged wrongly in the pairs competition under pressure from Gailhaguet, who was at that time the president of the French federation. Witnesses of Le Gougne's statement were Sally-Anne Stapleford (Great Britain), Britta Lindgren (Sweden), Walburga Grimm (Germany) and Jon Jackson (USA).
Gailhaguet's chauffeur in Salt Lake City additionally testified to having overheard evidence of his involvement on the scandal. Le Gougne later rescinded her statement and said she had been pressured to make it.
Didier Gailhaguet was excluded for any International Skating Union event for 3 years, beginning 30 April 2002, and has been excluded as an ISU council member. He resigned as president of the French Ice Sports Federation on 12 May 2004, but was re-elected to that position in December 2007.
Earlier in his career, Gailhaguet was the coach of French skater Surya Bonaly.

</doc>
<doc id="9899883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899883" title="Kadawunu Poronduwa">
Kadawunu Poronduwa

Kadawunu Poronduwa (Sinhala: "කඩවුනු පොරොන්දුව", "The Broken Promise") was the first film to be made in the Sinhala language; it is generally considered to have heralded the coming of Sinhala Cinema. The film was produced and filmed in India however, and was highly influenced by South Indian melodrama. It was first shown on January 21, 1947 at the Kingsley Cinema in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
A remake was released in 1982.
Plot.
Ralahamy, a member of high status, dies leaving his family in debt after having squandered his fortune through extensive drinking and other vices. To get back into wealth, Ralahamy's wife Tackla pushes her daughter Ranjani to get married to a wealthy older man Victor with a child through an earlier marriage. In this process, Samson, Ranjani's boyfriend, who had tried extensively to get the family back into good graces going so far as to pay off their debts, is spurned. He then goes abroad to win a fortune.
When Samson returns he learns of Ranjani's engagement to Victor and tries to reach her through letter. His letters are hidden from her however, and rumours spread that Samson is now a cripple. Ultimately the truth is revealed.
Production.
Kadawunu Poronduwa was at first a successful play for dramatist B.A.W. Jayamanne. In 1947 he filmed and processed the movie in South India.
Kadawunu Poronduwa produced a formula that Sinhala films would follow up through the 1960s; Jayamanne describes the formula as such: 

</doc>
<doc id="9899892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899892" title="2004 Polish Film Awards">
2004 Polish Film Awards

The 2004 Polish Film Awards ran on March 6, 2004 in Warsaw. It was the 6th edition of Polish Film Awards: Eagles.
Awards nominees and winners.
"Winners are highlighted in boldface."

</doc>
<doc id="9899893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899893" title="Desmond Richardson">
Desmond Richardson

Desmond Richardson is an American dancer, co-founder and co-artistic director of Complexions Contemporary Ballet. He has mastered a wide range of dance forms including classical, modern, and contemporary.
He remained the principal dancer at Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater from 1987 to 1994.
Life and career.
Richardson's talent was first recognized as a student at New York High School for the Performing Arts. During which time he received a merit scholarship from the Alvin Ailey American Dance Center (1983-1986) and the Internationale Akademie des Tanzes in Köln, Germany (1984-1985). He is also a recipient of a Presidential Scholar Award for the Arts (1986).
In 1987, Richardson joined the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater where he was a principal dancer for seven years. After leaving the Ailey Company, he traveled to Germany where he performed with Ballet Frankfurt. Richardson has performed as a guest artist with several world-renowned companies including the Swedish Opera Ballet, the Washington Ballet, Teatro at La Scala, and the San Francisco Ballet.
In 1997, he joined the American Ballet Theatre where he performed the lead role in the company's world premiere production of "Othello". In 1998, Richardson joined the premiere cast of the Broadway musical "Fosse" for which he received a 1999 Tony Award Nomination. He has also appeared on Broadway in the musical "The Look of Love": The songs of Burt Bacharach" and "Movin' Out". Richardson is also a faculty member at the dance convention PULSE.
Projects and awards.
Richardson has worked in television, film, and video in the United States and abroad. These experiences have allowed him to perform with such musical artists as Michael Jackson, Prince, Aretha Franklin, and Madonna.
He performed with Michael Jackson in his 30th-anniversary celebration at Madison Square Garden.
Additional performances include being a featured guest artist in the 71st Academy Awards live television presentation and a principal role in Debbie Allen's dance/theatrical presentation, Soul Possessed, which had its world premiere at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in 1999.
Richardson is featured in Patrick Swayze's film, "One Last Dance" and the film version of the Oscar-winning "Chicago".
On July 16, 2008, Richardson was featured as a choreographer on "So You Think You Can Dance".

</doc>
<doc id="9899907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899907" title="Potami">
Potami

Potami is a small village near Nicosia with a population of approximately 900 people. Legend says that the village was created by a king who was buried in the village in a golden carriage. The name of the village probably comes from the two rivers which the village is built between.

</doc>
<doc id="9899911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899911" title="Wang Lei (snowboarding)">
Wang Lei (snowboarding)

Wang Lei (born May 14, 1977) is a Chinese professional snowboarder.
Wang Lei started to snowboard in 1997 and turned professional in 2004. He is sponsored by Burton, Anon, and Gravis. The former ski jumper's Accreditations/ Contests (ski and snowboard) are:
2007 4th Nanshan Open 14th place
2006 Demotours and Tradeshows throughout China
2005 3rd Nanshan Open 1st place
2004 Austria, Wildschoenau, IPC World Championships
 2nd Nanshan Open 1st place
2003 1st Nanshan Open 1st place
2002 USA, Salt Lake City Paralympics, Giant Slalom, 10th place
2002 USA, Salt Lake City Paralympics, Slalom, 13th place
1995 8th Chinese Winter Games 2nd place
1992 Wintergames Ski Jump / Areals 3rd place
1991 7th Chinese Winter Games, Yabuli 10th place
1990 Skijumping Army Team, Jilin, National Cup 2nd place
1989 Skijumping Army Team, Jilin 6th place
Snowboarding History
1997 First contact with snowboarding at Yabuli Resort/Harbin
1998-2000 Snowboarding and Teaching throughout China
2001-2004 Teaching and Training mainly in Shenzhen and Nanshan
2004 - 2006 Turned Pro at 9010 Snowboards
since Season 06/07 at Burton

</doc>
<doc id="9899938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899938" title="Hesketh 308">
Hesketh 308

The Hesketh 308 and its derived sister model the 308B are Formula One racing cars designed by Harvey Postlethwaite for Hesketh Racing to compete in the and World Championships. The car gave James Hunt his first World Championship Grand Prix win in the 1975 Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort.
The 308 replaced the ageing March 731 chassis that the team had been using since coming into Formula 1 the previous season, and was loosely based on the March design. It was powered by the Ford-Cosworth DFV and when the car was first launched featured conventional front suspension comprising double wishbones with outboard mounted coil-spring damper units. Postlethwaite was looking for a way of fitting simple, lightweight progressive springing to the car and latched onto the idea of using rubber springs after a friend involved in designing rubber damping for buildings in earthquake zones suggested the idea. Early tests in 1974 proved unsuccessful until a special non-creep rubber was developed by the Malaysian Rubber Producers Association. This was formed into springs by the Aeon Products company and following more productive testing results, fitted to the car from the 1975 Argentine GP. Originally, Lord Hesketh had plans to fund and have built a V12 engine to accompany the car, but this never came to pass, and the DFV V8 was used exclusively. Four chassis were built over the three seasons the car competed.
On its debut appearance at the 1974 Brands Hatch, Race of Champions, Hunt put the car in pole position. The race was less successful and Hunt spun out in wet conditions on lap 4. The 308 made its first Grand Prix appearance two weeks later in South Africa. This time Hunt could only qualify 13th but moved up to fifth place from the start, successfully holding that position until drive shaft failure put him out of the race on lap 65. The following week, Hunt again managed pole position at the International Trophy race at Silverstone in competition with several Grand Prix regulars. This time Hunt managed a stunning victory. From the start, Hunt dropped back with his clutch slipping and with the gear shift knob coming off in his hand. Gradually he overcame these difficulties and worked his way back to the front, eventually passing Ronnie Peterson's Lotus down the inside into Woodcote corner to retake the lead.
This early success for the 308 was not repeated, and as the Grand Prix season progressed, the car proved itself to be quick but unreliable, failing several times with a variety of transmission breakages. Hunt also found himself eliminated in accidents with Tom Pryce, firstly in the Netherlands where Pryce collided with him at the first corner, and then two weeks later in France – although this time Pryce was forced into Hunt after he himself had been hit by Carlos Reutemann.
Hesketh continued to steer the team towards greater levels of professionalism, and towards the end of the season, Ian Scheckter was entered in a second car for the Austrian race. Although, largely thanks to engine trouble, Scheckter failed to qualify, some within the team felt that running two cars would do much to improve the teams chances for the following season.
For 1975 the 308 was updated to 308B specifications, with revised bodywork and repositioned oil radiators. The car was even more competitive and Hunt challenged for the victory in Argentina and Brazil before he broke his and the team's duck at the 1975 Dutch Grand Prix. It would be the team's only win however. He rounded off the season with several solid placings which helped Hesketh finish fourth in the constructors' championship. Sadly, the team folded up at the end of the season as Lord Hesketh could not afford to keep financing his unsponsored team, and Hunt moved to McLaren for 1976.
The 308 and 308B cars were sold on to privateer teams who achieved little success. Perhaps the most famous post-Hunt Hesketh driver was Guy Edwards who arranged sponsorship with adult magazine Penthouse for , which gained considerable exposure for the team. Edwards tried hard with the car, but did not score any points. He was however involved in rescuing Niki Lauda from his burning Ferrari at the 1976 German Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="9899953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899953" title="Nit-Witty Kitty">
Nit-Witty Kitty

Nit-Witty Kitty is a 1951 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 61st "Tom and Jerry" cartoon. It was released to theaters on October 6, 1951 by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer.
Summary.
Tom is chasing Jerry around Mammy Two Shoes, while she is yelling out confusing instructions on where to chase Jerry. She has a broom ready to hit Jerry but instead she clumsily hits Tom on the head causing Tom to forget who he is and he believes he is a mouse like Jerry, except he's rude . Mammy asks Tom if he is okay and tells him "Thomas, what's the matter with you?! What's come over you?!" but he starts to squeak she becomes scared and jumps onto a kitchen chair. Tom terrorises Mammy by shaking the chair causing her to fall off it, then quickly flees from the deranged cat. Tom then heads over to the refrigerator and grabs a piece of cheese, before entering Jerry's mouse hole. Tom then moves into Jerry's small bed causing it to break underneath him. Jerry gets annoyed having to share with an oversized 'mouse'. Jerry then overhears Mammy on the phone talking to the doctor about Tom. He hears that Tom is suffering from amnesia. Seeing Tom approaching her with mischief on his mind, Mammy cuts her phone conversation short and attempts to evade him by walking away on stilts. Tom pulls the stilts from under her causing Mammy to fall and he runs back into the mouse hole.
Jerry then runs to get the medical encyclopedia to learn more about amnesia. He reads that "memory can be restored by a sharp blow on the head". Jerry whistles and gets Tom's attention with a piece of cheese. Jerry then hides behind a curtain with a baseball bat. Tom starts searching for Jerry and every time Jerry swings to hit Tom, Tom coincidentally moves out of the way, exhausting Jerry. Jerry then tries dropping a bowling ball onto a piece of wood where a piece of cheese is sitting. Tom comes out of the mouse hole and eats the cheese. Jerry drops the ball, launching Tom headfirst into the ceiling. This cures him of his amnesia, but when Tom lands back onto the wood, the bowling ball flies into the air and falls on his head, sending him back to his mouse-like state. Jerry then puts down a trail of cheese for Tom and he tries to drop a vase on his head. He misses. Jerry sets down another trail of cheese that leads under the piano. Jerry has tied a string to the piano leg and when Tom walks under the piano, Jerry pulls the leg out of the piano causing it to fall. Again, Jerry's attempts miss. Tom continues the trail through a door and an iron barely misses him as well. Tom reaches a big piece of cheese and Jerry cuts a rope tied to an anvil. But the anvil cuts off the back of his skin and crashes through the floor, again missing him. Jerry sits down disgusted, he's tried everything.
Tom then gives Jerry a piece of cheese, but Jerry doesn't want it and throws it away. It lands in an egg cup on the shelf, which rolls and knocks a dish, which rolls into a laundry basket and into the broom. The broom falls over and releases a door which holds the ironing board which hits Tom on the head curing him of his amnesia. Jerry lets out a happy scream and runs to his mouse hole. He kisses Tom and then lies down on his bed to relax. Tom also lies down right outside Jerry's mouse hole. Jerry looks outside and sees Mammy (who's unaware that Tom is back to normal) reading the medical book and holding a baseball bat whilst creeping stealthily towards the sleeping cat. She says she is going to cure Tom of his amnesia with a blow to the head. Jerry motions to stop her but she hits Tom anyway, unknowingly bringing his amnesia back. Jerry returns to his mouse hole whilst Tom, after once again dealing with Mammy, re-enters the mouse-hole, and returns to his mouse-like state. Tom gets the mouse kissed, before he kicks Jerry off his bed, lies on it and makes it break again, leaving him frustrated.

</doc>
<doc id="9899957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899957" title="St. Mary's Medical Center">
St. Mary's Medical Center

St. Mary's Medical Center may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9899972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899972" title="Palian District">
Palian District

Palian () is a district ("Amphoe") in the southern part of Trang Province, Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Kong Ra, Tamot and Pa Bon of Phatthalung Province, Khuan Kalong, Manang and Thung Wa of Satun Province, Hat Samran and Yan Ta Khao of Trang Province.
History.
Originally named Yong Sata (หยงสตา), it was renamed to Palian in 1939.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 10 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 85 villages ("muban"). Tha Kham is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Tha Kham. There are further 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Hat Samran district.

</doc>
<doc id="9899986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899986" title="Haplophrentis">
Haplophrentis

Haplophrentis was a tiny shelled hyolithid which lived in the Cambrian Period. Its shell was long and conical, with the open end protected by an operculum, from which two fleshy arms called "helens" protruded at the sides. These arms probably acted as stabilisers, or were used for locomotion, rowing the animal across undersea mudflats.
Morphology.
"Haplophrentis" ranged in length between 2–6 cm. It is distinguished from "Hyolithes" by the presence of a longitudinal septum on the middle of the inner surface of the top of the shell.
Affinity.
The hyolithids are thought to belong to the molluscan total-group, although this is uncertain.
Ecology.
Specimens of "Haplophrentis" have been found in the gut of the predator "Ottoia".

</doc>
<doc id="9899990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9899990" title="Erich Zeller">
Erich Zeller

Erich Zeller (born 13 January 1920 in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany; died 6 November 2001 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria, Germany) was a German figure skater and figure skating coach.
Erich Zeller as a skater represented the club Rot-Weiß-Berlin and became 1942 German champion. He studied mechanical engineering. In 1942 he was forced to enter the Wehrmacht. His figure skating career was destroyed by World War II.
In 1945 Erich Zeller participated in ice shows.
In 1956 his coaching career began. His first pupil was Hans-Jürgen Bäumler. Erich Zeller became the most successful coach in West Germany. Among his other students were Marika Kilius, Dagmar Lurz and Norbert Schramm. From 1970 to 1985 he was national coach of West Germany for figure skating (Eiskunstlauf-Bundestrainer). He also was once president of the world coach association.
Erich Zeller wrote figure skating books:

</doc>
<doc id="9900030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900030" title="John F. Baker, Jr.">
John F. Baker, Jr.

John Franklin Baker, Jr. (October 30, 1945 – January 20, 2012) was a United States Army Master Sergeant who served in the Vietnam War and received the Medal of Honor.
Personal life.
Baker was born in Davenport, Iowa, and attended Moline High School from 1963 to 1966. At 5’ 1”, he was a gymnast before joining the army. He became a "tunnel rat" in Vietnam, a soldier who entered Viet Cong tunnels searching out the enemy and destroying their caches of war material. Baker made the military his career, retiring in 1989. He then began working as a computer analyst at a Veterans Hospital in South Carolina. In addition to serving as the Vice-President of the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, he served as a member on the Nation's Monuments and Cemeteries Committee.
In 2008, the I-280 Bridge, connecting Davenport, Iowa with Rock Island, Illinois, was renamed the Sergeant John F. Baker, Jr. Bridge in his honor.
Baker suffered from heart problems in the last years of his life and began using oxygen in 2010. He died aged 66 on January 20, 2012, after collapsing at his Northeast Richland home.
Career.
Baker entered the U.S. Army in Moline, Illinois, serving as a private in A Company, 2nd Battalion of the 27th Infantry Regiment, 25th Division. In Vietnam, he took part in Operation Attleboro which began in September 1966. On November 5, 1966, Baker and his unit were called to assist another squad who were taking enemy fire. En route, A Company began to take fire and lost their lead soldier. Together with two other soldiers, Baker took over the head of the column and assisted in destroying two enemy positions. They were moving to take two others when a hand grenade knocked Baker off of his feet. 
With the two other soldiers wounded, Baker "single handedly" destroyed another bunker before recovering his comrades. Despite taking further fire from enemy bunkers and snipers, he continually fell back to replenish ammunition and take back several wounded. For these actions, he was awarded the Medal of Honor along with Captain Robert F. Foley, who also received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the battle. When awarding the medal, President Lyndon B Johnson stated:
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Sergeant (then Pfc.), U.S. Army, Company A, 2d Battalion, 27th Infantry, 25th Infantry Division. Place and date: Republic of Vietnam, November 5, 1966. Entered service at: Moline, Ill. Born: October 30, 1945, Davenport, Iowa. 
Citation: 

</doc>
<doc id="9900035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900035" title="Catwick">
Catwick

Catwick is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north-east of Beverley town centre and west of Hornsea town centre. It lies on the B1244 road from Leven to Hornsea.
The civil parish is formed by the village of Catwick and the hamlet of Little Catwick. According to the 2011 UK census, Catwick parish had a population of 240, an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 215.
Catwick is one of only five Thankful Villages in Yorkshire – those rare places that suffered no fatalities during the Great War of 1914 to 1918. It is also considered ""doubly thankful"", in that it lost no service personnel during the Second World War.
The church dedicated to St Michael was designated in 1966 by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9900070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900070" title="Processing modes">
Processing modes

Data processing modes or computing modes are classifications of different types of computer processing. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900090" title="William Ward, 3rd Earl of Dudley">
William Ward, 3rd Earl of Dudley

William Humble Eric Ward, 3rd Earl of Dudley, MC (30 January 1894 – 26 December 1969), known as Viscount Ednam until 1932, was a British Conservative politician.
Background and education.
Lord Dudley was the eldest son of William Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley, and his wife Rachel (née Gurney). George Ward, 1st Viscount Ward of Witley, was his younger brother. He was educated at Eton.
Military service.
Dudley was commissioned into the Worcestershire Yeomanry in 1912. In 1914 he transferred to the regular 10th Hussars. He was promoted Lieutenant in 1915 and ended the First World War as a Captain.
Political career.
Dudley sat as Member of Parliament for Hornsey from 1921 to 1924 and for Wednesbury from 1931 to 1932 and served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Under-Secretary of State for India, Lord Winterton, between 1922 and 1924. He also held the honorary post of High Sheriff of Worcestershire in 1930.
Family.
Dudley married firstly Lady Rosemary Millicent Sutherland-Leveson-Gower (9 August 1893 - 21 July 1930), younger but only surviving daughter of Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 4th Duke of Sutherland, on 8 March 1919. She died in a plane crash in 1930, aged 36; she was survived by two of her three sons. Ward married secondly Laura Charteris (1915–1990), daughter of the Honourable Guy Lawrence Charteris and former wife of Walter Long, 2nd Viscount Long, on 25 February 1943. The marriage was childless and they were divorced in 1954. Laura went on to marry the 10th Duke of Marlborough shortly before his death, and died in 1990. Dudley married thirdly Grace Maria Radziwill née Kolin (born 11 January 1923), daughter of Michael Kolin and Anna Tironi and former wife of Prince Stanislaus Radziwill, in 1961. This marriage was also childless. He is said to have fathered a daughter in 1923 with the aristocrat and socialite Venetia Stanley, although the legal father was her husband Edwin Samuel Montagu. This child grew up to befriend Princess Margaret during World War II and marry the American photographer Milton Gendel, with whom she created an artistic salon in Italy.
Dudley died in December 1969, aged 75, and was succeeded by his eldest son William. His second son the Honourable John Jeremy Ward, born on 7 May 1922, died an infant on 9 December 1929. His third but younger surviving son the Honourable Peter Alistair Ward (8 February 1926 - 24 March 2008) married firstly on 21 November 1956 and divorced Claire Leonora Baring (born 29 February 1936), paternal granddaughter of Guy Baring. They had several children including the actress and environmentalist Tracy Louise Ward and actress Rachel Ward.

</doc>
<doc id="9900097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900097" title="Rico Rex">
Rico Rex

Rico Rex (born 5 October 1976 in Chemnitz) is a German former pair skater. With former partner Eva-Maria Fitze, he is the 2003 German national champion.
Career.
Rico Rex started figure skating when he was four years old as the result of a talent screening in East Germany. 
Rex was a single skater until 1993. He then switched to pair skating and teamed up with Silvia Dimitrov, with whom he competed until 1997. They were coached by Monika Scheibe in Chemnitz. Their best international result was 8th at the 1996 European Championships. Dimitrov retired in 1997 due to an injury. 
Rex then teamed up with Katharina Rybkowski with whom he skated until 2000. Their coach in Chemnitz was Monika Scheibe. The pair never participated at Europeans or Worlds. He then briefly teamed up with Stefanie Weiss, but they did not compete together. In 2001, Rex teamed up with the Czech Radka Zlatohlavkova. They split after having to withdraw from the 2002 German Championships.
Rex teamed up with Eva-Maria Fitze in spring 2002. The pair trained in Chemnitz. Their coach was Ingo Steuer until December 2005, and then Monika Scheibe. The pair competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics, placing 15th. Rex then left competition and began appearing in shows and began working as a figure skating coach in Dresden.
Throughout his career, Rex represented the club Chemnitzer EC. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900101" title="BS Fabrications">
BS Fabrications

BS Fabrications was an engineering company specialising in fabrications for Formula One teams founded by Bob Sparshott, a former engineer at Lotus who had worked with Jim Clark and Graham Hill, and John 'Ace' Woodington in Luton in 1972. The company also ran a number of private F1 cars for customers in Grand Prix racing between 1972 and 1978.
They first entered F1 in 1972 under the name of Space Racing when they built a hybrid F1/F2 March for Mike Beuttler using a Formula 2 monocoque with a F1 engine. They returned under the B&S Fabrications name in 1976, with a Surtees for Henri Pescarolo, then ran a March and a McLaren for Brett Lunger in 1977 and then a pair of McLarens for Lunger and Nelson Piquet in 1978. 
The team also ran in F2 and F3000, under the name BS Automotive, providing Christian Danner with his F3000 championship winner in 1985.
Sparshott still operates an engineering company associated with motorsport.

</doc>
<doc id="9900114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900114" title="Gabriel Ferrari">
Gabriel Ferrari

Gabriel Enzo Ferrari (born September 1, 1988, in New York, New York) is an American soccer player who currently is without a club.
Club career.
Early career.
Ferrari started with Blau Weiss Gottschee where he won four New York State Championships. Ferrari played high school soccer at Saint Benedict's Preparatory School in Newark, New Jersey. He then continued his youth career in the system of Major League Soccer club MetroStars, now known as New York Red Bulls. Gabriel was the captain of the MetroStars side that captured the U-16 North American Championship. He verbally committed to play college soccer at the University of Connecticut, but elected to sign a professional contract with Sampdoria instead.
Italy.
Ferrari signed with Serie A club Sampdoria on January 17, 2007, in a deal that kept him in Italy until 2010. Gabriel made his Sampdoria debut on February 1, 2007, in a Coppa Italia match against Inter Milan, coming on as a substitute. He did not make any appearances in Serie A, the Italian top flight. In July 2008, Sampdoria announced that they loaned Ferrari out to Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Perugia. He moved on loan to Serie C side Foggia for the 2009/2010 season; on 1 February 2010 he moved to Ternana Calcio .
Switzerland.
In September 2010 Swiss Super League club AC Bellinzona announced they had signed Ferrari on a permanent transfer. He then went on loan with FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League.
United States.
Prior to the start of the 2011 Major League Soccer season Ferrari went on trial with Chicago Fire SC. After impressing during his trial stint, the club signed Ferrari on March 24, 2011. He made his Fire debut on June 18, coming on as a substitute in the 1-1 draw at the New England Revolution.
Ferrari was released by Chicago on December 7, 2011.
International career.
Ferrari holds American, Brazilian, and Italian citizenship. His triple citizenship, primarily that with Italy, sparked a debate over which senior international team he might attempt to play for, as fears arose that Ferrari might play for Italy instead of his native United States, like Giuseppe Rossi. Gabriel quickly dismissed the speculation, saying:
"I'm a New Yorker. I grew up in the US and that is the country I would like to play for if I get the chance." 
Ferrari scored the game-winning goal in his international debut with the US under-20 team in a 2–1 victory over the full Haitian national team on March 28 in Frisco, Texas. Ferrari was named to the 21-player squad who represented the United States at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
In May 2008, Ferrari was named to the 22-player squad to represent the United States at the 2008 Toulon Tournament.
Personal life.
Ferrari was born in New York City to a Brazilian mother and Italian American father. He is fluent in English, Portuguese, Spanish, and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="9900139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900139" title="National Spirit Hurdle">
National Spirit Hurdle

The National Spirit Hurdle is a Grade 2 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Fontwell Park over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (4,023 metres), and during its running there are ten hurdles to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year in late February or early March.
The event is named after National Spirit, a dual winner of the Champion Hurdle in the 1940s. National Spirit won five times at Fontwell Park, including three successive victories in the Rank Challenge Cup. The National Spirit Hurdle was established in 1965, and the inaugural running was won by Salmon Spray. During its early years it was also won by Comedy of Errors.
For a period the race was run over 2¼ miles, and it served as a trial for the Champion Hurdle (Beech Road won both events in 1989). It was discontinued in 1994, but its title was revived for a handicap race which took place annually from 1996 to 1998. It was relaunched as a conditions race over 2 miles and 2½ furlongs in 1999, and it was extended to its present length in 2004.
The National Spirit Hurdle is now regarded as a trial for the World Hurdle. The only horse to have won both races in the same year was My Way de Solzen in 2006. Another horse to have achieved victory in both events, albeit in different seasons, was Baracouda.

</doc>
<doc id="9900140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900140" title="Johannisthal">
Johannisthal

Johannisthal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9900157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900157" title="CGS-21680">
CGS-21680

CGS-21680 is a specific adenosine A2A subtype receptor agonist. It is usually presented as an organic hydrochloride salt with a molecular weight of 536.0 g/"M". It is soluble up to 3.4 mg/mL in DMSO and 20 mg/mL in 45% (w/v) "aq" 2-hydroxypropyl-β-cyclodextrin.
The chemical is currently used by researchers interested in studying neuronal transmission with a high-affinity, subtype specific analogue for adenosine. This includes research in respiration where it is believed that A2A receptors are involved in rhythm generation in the pre-Bötzinger complex. The drug is not currently approved for use in a therapeutic capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="9900162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900162" title="Earth remote sensing">
Earth remote sensing

Earth remote sensing is data collection on the environment, geology, climate, and other characteristics of the Earth by means of sensors positioned in the air or in Earth orbit. Sensors used for this type of data gathering include those covering all parts of the electromagnetic spectrum. Both passive (i.e. collection of photons emitted by the items on the surface or in the atmosphere) and active (RADAR or LIDAR) techniques have been in common usage since the creation of the sensors themselves. Aerial surveying, LANDSAT mapping, satellite commercial Imaging, and spaceborne meteorology (i.e. the weather satellite photos displayed on the television news) are all examples of Earth remote sensing. For more detailed information see Remote sensing

</doc>
<doc id="9900192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900192" title="James A. Johnston">
James A. Johnston

James Aloysius Johnston (September 15, 1874 – September 7, 1954) was the first warden of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary. He was warden from 1934 to 1948.
Biography.
Orphaned at the age of ten, he began working at age 15 at Weinstock, Lubin and Co., selling ties in the menswear dept. He rose to General Manager of Weinstock Lubin. He later started Johnston's Men's Wear at 916 Market St. in San Francisco. He was elected to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1907 and was appointed Chair of the California State Board of Control in 1911. He served as wardens of Folsom and San Quentin.
It was Johnston who was instrumental in the development of the Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary as a prison and was involved in the design of it as a federal prison in 1934. He served as the first warden of Alcatraz from 1934 until 1948. He was considered to be a highly strict disciplinarian and a devout reformist who imposed a number of rules upon the prison including a strict code of silence, which led to him being nicknamed the 'Golden Rule Warden' from his San Quentin days. However, he was relatively popular among inmates and guards, known as "Old Saltwater" to the inmates, and is credited with challenging the barbaric tactics used in the prison when he was there, including strait jackets and solitary confinement in darkness and working towards the general improvement of the lives of prisoners. In 1937 he was attacked by Burton Phillips from behind in the Dining hall who beat him in anger at a worker's strike, but he continued to attend meals unguarded. Ten of the fourteen escape attempts took place when he was warden, including the one that resulted in the Battle of Alcatraz. Johnston wrote several books during his lifetime including "Prison Life is Different" where he documents his time spent as warden at Folsom, San Quentin, and Alcatraz. He was married to Ida Mae Fulton and had one son and three daughters.
He died of a bronchial infection on September 7, 1954 in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9900195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900195" title="Nizhny Novgorod State Medical Academy">
Nizhny Novgorod State Medical Academy

Nizhny Novgorod State Medical Academy, NNSMA () is one of the medical schools in the Russian Federation which is located in the city of Nizhny Novgorod.
Organisation.
This medical school is currently ranked number 7 out of 46 higher medical institutions in Russia, acknowledged by World Health Organization and is recognised by the governments of some other countries which send their students to this academy for medical education and training.
This academy also is associated with many teaching hospitals distributed throughout the city, where the students learn many basic clinical skills. There are 70 specialised departments with over 600 teaching staff. It has approximately 3000 students in 7 faculties which include:
The administrative office of the academy is situated in Minin and Pozharsky Square (located alongside the Volga River and the medical students live in dormitories on Meditsinskaya Street in Prioksky City District.
Faculty of Foreign Admissions.
Besides Russian students, there are also students from foreign countries such as Morocco, Malaysia, India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Mauritius, Kenya, Tanzania, Jordan, Pakistan, Namibia and many others who study in this academy. Some of the foreign students study medicine completely in English medium, and some others study in Russian language. The current Dean of the Foreign Students Department is Professor Elena Ivanovna Yerlikina, D.Sc., who is also the Head of the Department for Biochemistry.
However, students who study in English medium also have to study Russian language to be able to communicate with local Russian people who have very little knowledge of English, and thus being able to communicate with patients for basic clinical training.
Faculty of Medicine.
Most students have to undergo one year of preliminary course for one year, before continuing their undergraduate studies. General Medicine program lasts after 6 years.
The first academic year of the General Medicine course begins with the teaching of fundamental medical sciences such as medical biology, Biophysics, general chemistry and Organic Chemistry, History of Medicine, Human Anatomy, and so on. Because of the aforementioned, the course runs in a longer duration (a 6-year programme) as compared to General Medicine courses (5-year programmes) offered by other universities in other countries.
Clinical education starts officially on the third academic year with the so-called "cycles". Every few weeks, students are rotated and exposed to different parts of clinical medicine such as Internal Medicine, General Surgery, Infectious Diseases, Pediatrics, Obstetrics, Gynecology, Neurology, Orthopedics, Radiology, Public Health and so on. Classes are then conducted in different specialised hospitals within the Nizhny Novgorod region.
Upon graduation, the graduates are awarded a first professional degree which is the doctor of medicine or M.D. which is an M.B.B.S. equivalent because the graduates have been trained in the field of general surgery. Students who have achieved very well academically are awarded with a red degree or a first class honor equivalent.
Accommodation and Cultural Life.
During their period of studies all the students are endowed with places for living in comfortable students' hostels situated not far from the educational buildings. The entire premises from Academic Buildings to Hostels falls under Wi-Fi internet zone and are very Tech Savvy.
Each hostel is equipped with a canteen and cafe with provisions of kitchen and dining hall on each floor. The academy provides a springboard for sportsmen with outstanding sporting facilities such as sports complex, including gymnasium, in door football, badminton, tennis, volleyball, athletic stadiums, etc.Different social and cultural events are organized for foreign students.The Faculty's staff encourages academic , national and other interests of students. National and International associations of students are being organized to unite students from different countries.
Postgraduate Programmes.
Postgraduate courses are also provided for both Russian and international students. Among the courses are Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Radiology, General Surgery, Traumatology and Orthopedics, Cardiovascular Surgery, Infectious Diseases, Neurology, Pediatric Surgery, Obstetric and Gynaecology, Epidemiology, Hygiene, Microbiology, Orthodontics etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9900211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900211" title="Music from and Inspired by Bridge to Terabithia">
Music from and Inspired by Bridge to Terabithia

Music from and Inspired by Bridge to Terabithia is the soundtrack to the movie "Bridge to Terabithia", released by Hollywood Records. It features songs from and inspired by the film, as well as four tracks composed and conducted by Aaron Zigman for the film's score (a promotional album featuring Zigman's score was also released).
Track listing.
†Songs do not appear in the film.
Missing.
The Steve Earle song "Someday" and War's "Why Can't We Be Friends?", sung by Zooey Deschanel and the cast of school children in the film, do not appear on the album. Another song, "Bridge to Terabithia", written by Steve Roslonek and sung by Mariel Ross, was released on CD by Roslonek's band, SteveSongs, but was later taken off the CD after Disney bought the rights to the "Bridge to Terabithia" novel.

</doc>
<doc id="9900242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900242" title="Tamaki Katori">
Tamaki Katori

Life and career.
Early life.
Tamaki Katori was born in 1938 to a middle-class family in Kumamoto, Japan where her father owned a pharmaceutical company. After being chosen as Kumamoto's entry in the Miss Universe Kumamoto beauty pageant, Katori was hired by Japan's oldest major film studio, Nikkatsu.
"Flesh Market".
Katori was still acting in supporting roles at Nikkatsu when she appeared in director Satoru Kobayashi's controversial 1962 film, "Flesh Market". The first Japanese film to contain nudity (director Seijun Suzuki's "Gate of Flesh", made for Nikkatsu in 1964, would become the first mainstream Japanese film to contain nude scenes), "Flesh Market" was shut down by the police and censored before it could be re-released. Officially considered the first "pink film"—the softcore pornographic genre which would dominate Japan's domestic cinema in the 1960s and 1970s-- "Flesh Market" became a huge box-office success. Even with the limited distribution it received as an independent production, "Flesh Market", which was made for 8 million yen, took in over 100 million yen.
Nikkatsu.
At Nikkatsu, Katori continued playing supporting roles, notably in several early films directed by future "pink film" master, Kōji Wakamatsu. In his pre-"pink" days at Nikkatsu, from 1963 to 1965, Wakamatsu made 20 low-budget exploitation movies based on current events such as sensational crimes and disasters. Though at first the work was steady, Katori was barely surviving on the bit-part wages from Nikkatsu. When the major film studios started facing a decline in audiences, they began cutting back in film output. Katori's income suffered as well.
"Pink films".
In the years after "Flesh Market"'s release, several independent studios began specializing in the new "pink film" genre that had sprung up in the wake of that film's success. When one of these studios was willing to give Katori a contract to star in their "pink films", she accepted the offer. She later explained, "They offered me 20,000 yen a movie. It was an incredible sum in those days. I hadn't been able to make it in mainstream movies because people said with my baby face and big boobs I was unbalanced, but those attributes turned out to be exactly what the pink movie business was looking for."
At Aoi Eiga studio, established in 1966 to specialize in these low-budget and profitable "Pink films", Katori often worked in the sensationalistic and exploitative films of director Giichi Nishihara. Nishihara's films of the 1960s and 1970s would lead critics to call him both "Japan's sleaziest movie-maker," and "a cult favorite among devotees of extreme cinema." In "Staircase of Sex" (1968) Nishihara starred Katori with two foreign models in an attempt to cash in on the exotic appeal of the Caucasian performers. Allmovie critic Robert Firsching comments on her work for the director at this studio, "Katori... deserves some sort of medal for valor after allowing Nishihara and Aoi Eiga studios to have her brutally raped five times in four films."
Early in his career, "Pillar of Pink" director Mamoru Watanabe collaborated with Atsushi Yamatoya-- Seijun Suzuki's screenwriter on "Branded to Kill"—in several films. Katori starred in the team's 1969 film "Women Hell Song: Man-Killing Benten", an atypical "pink film" inspired by Toei's Red Peony Gambler series. Jasper Sharp singles out a scene in which Katori makes love in an abandoned temple, as one of the most striking set pieces in the "pink film" genre.
Katori worked with Kōji Wakamatsu again in the late 1960s and early 1970s, after he had left Nikkatsu to form his own production company. In the Masao Adachi-scripted "Sex Jack" (1970), Katori appears as the lone female member of a group of anti-government radical students who plan to assassinate the prime minister and hijack a plane to North Korea. Shown at the Cannes Film Festival in 1971, French censors claimed the film was "anti-social". One of Katori's final films with Wakamatsu was "Sex Family" (1971), which starred future Nikkatsu "Roman Porno" queen, Junko Miyashita.
A leading actress of the first-wave of the "Pink film" from 1964 to 1972, a period which was which was dominated by independent studios, Katori retired from acting just as her old employer, Nikkatsu, was taking over the genre and establishing the second period of "Pink film", the "Roman Porno" era.
Retirement.
After retirement from film, Katori was married to actor Jun Funado for seven years. When they were divorced, she married Toshio Okuwaki, director of such "pink films" as "Bed Dance" (1967), which featured an early appearance by Naomi Tani. Okuwaki had been Katori's director in several of her own "pink film" appearances. A third husband moved with her back to her hometown of Kumamoto, where he went to work for the pharmaceutical company Katori's father had owned. Though she gained a child from this marriage, she was eventually divorced again."
After her third divorce, Katori decided to support herself. She first ran a gasoline station, and, as of 2006, was running a company canteen. Reflecting on her role as a pioneering "pink film" star, Katori says, "I enjoyed my acting, but I never really got used to the atmosphere of the pink movie business." However, she adds, "I've got no regrets about my time in the entertainment world. I'd still go back there now to perform if there was a part for this old girl."
Three films that Katori had made in 1969 with her second husband, Toshio Okuwaki were shown at the 2003 Yamagata International Documentary Film Festival. In September 2009, the 1960s careers of Katori and director Giichi Nishihara—working together and separately—were the subject of a retrospective at the Kobe Planet Film Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="9900250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900250" title="Mary ever virgin">
Mary ever virgin

Mary ever virgin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9900287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900287" title="Lymphokine-activated killer cell">
Lymphokine-activated killer cell

In cell biology, a lymphokine-activated killer cell (also known as a LAK cell) is a white blood cell that has been stimulated to kill tumor cells. If lymphocytes are cultured in the presence of Interleukin 2, it results in the development of effector cells which are cytotoxic to tumor cells.
Mechanism.
It has been shown that lymphocytes, when exposed to Interleukin 2, are capable of lysing fresh, non-cultured cancer cells, both primary and metastatic. LAK cells respond to these lymphokines, particularly IL-2, by lysing tumor cells that were already known to be resistant to NK cell activity.
The mechanism of LAK cells is distinctive from that of natural killer cells because they can lyse cells that NK cells cannot. LAK cells are also capable of acting against cells that do not display the major histocompatibility complex, as has been shown by the ability to cause lysis in non-immunogenic, allogeneic and syngeneic tumors. LAK cells are specific to tumor cells and do not display activity against normal cells.
Cancer Treatment.
LAK cells, along with the administration of IL-2 have been experimentally used to treat cancer in mice and humans, but there is very high toxicity with this treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="9900321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900321" title="Abbasites">
Abbasites

Abbasites is an extinct ammonite genus from the early Middle Jurassic included in the ammonitid family Erycitidae.
Description.
"Abbasites" is small and subglobular with ribbing that divides high on its sides and which has an interruption on the venter that replaces the keel, generally characteristic of the Hammatoceratidae 
Classification.
"Abbasites" was originally described by Sydney S. Buckman in 1921, with "A. abbas" as its type species, and was considered by some to be a subgenus of "Erycites". "Abbasites" was included in the Otoitidae, the ancestral family of the Stephanocerataceae, according to Westermann (1965) and Imlay (1984) but was previously placed in the Hildoceratacean family Hammatoceratidae by Arkell "et al." (1957). It is currently regarded as a full genus in the Erycitidae subfamily Erycitinae. The genus "Erycites" is believed to be ancestral to "Abbasites". However, "Abbasites" is believed to have left its own descendants in the ammonite family Otoitidae.
Valid species:
Dubious and excluded species:

</doc>
<doc id="9900330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900330" title="Rebecca Field">
Rebecca Field

Rebecca Field is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Lacey Jean-Locklin in the Lifetime drama series "The Client List".
Life and career.
Field was born in Lenox, Massachusetts. She attended Bridgewater State University, and in her early career has played minor roles in various television shows and movies, including "Monk".
Field was cast in her first series regular role of Janet in the ABC short-lived television series "October Road" from 2007 to 2008. In R. Kelly's hip-hop opera, "Trapped in the Closet", she played the role of Bridget. In 2009, she played a recurring role as social worker Susan Winters alongside Jada Pinkett Smith in TNT's "Hawthorne". Field also has made guest appearances on shows such as "Dollhouse", "Drop Dead Diva", ', "Mike & Molly", "Criminal Minds", ', "Castle", and "Body of Proof".
As of 2012, Field plays Lacey on "The Client List" starring Jennifer Love Hewitt, on Lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="9900349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900349" title="Abichites">
Abichites

Abichites is Ceratitid genus, assigned to the family Dzhulfitidae. from the Upper Permian of Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Iran with three species recognized: "A. abichi", "A. mojsisovicsi", and "A. stoyanowi" (the type). 
"Abichites" is based on "Kashmirites", a genus of the Lower Triassic with a strongly ribbed, commonly tuberculate, evolute shell. included in the Xenoceltitidae (Tozer, 1994). Both genera are include in the superfamily Xenodiscaceae

</doc>
<doc id="9900353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900353" title="Abrytasites">
Abrytasites

Abrytasites (Abrytusites) is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonoidea subclass. The genus was named after the ancient Roman town of Abrittus, located near the present Bulgarian city of Razgrad. There are several described species of "Abrytasites", including A. "thieuloyi", A. "julianyi", and A. "neumayri". They are inflated, with constrictions, have rather thick ribs springing irregularly, singly or in pairs, from umbilical bullae. Their inner whorls closely resemble types species of "Valdedorsella". This animal lived 125-136.4 million years ago during the Hauterivian and the Barremian in Europe and western Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9900358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900358" title="Acanthaecites">
Acanthaecites

Acanthaecites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass that was first described by Rollier in 1909. Even though some (a minority) of ammonites lived rather sedentary bottom dwelling lives, "Acanthaecites" was an active, mobile predator that lived a nektonic life style. "Acanthaecites" both appears and disappears from the fossil record during the Callovian stage of the Jurassic Period.

</doc>
<doc id="9900363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900363" title="Acanthoceras (ammonite)">
Acanthoceras (ammonite)

Acanthoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the subclass Ammonoidea and family Acanthoceratidae that lived during the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous. Their shells had ornate ribs whose function is unknown, although some scientists have speculated that these ribs helped strengthen the animals' shells to allow them to live at greater depths where the water pressure is higher. An adult had a shell diameter of approximately . "Acanthoceras" fossils can be found in Western Europe, western North America and northern Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9900364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900364" title="Salzburg Pericopes">
Salzburg Pericopes

Unlike a Gospel Book, gospel pericopes contain only the passages from the gospels which are to be read during the liturgical year, making it easier for the priest celebrating Mass to find the gospel reading. The manuscript contains 19 gilded miniatures, 70 richly decorated initials in addition to other illuminations. The 70 extant folios measure 372 mm by 290 mm.
In 1800, Napoleon's forces took it to Paris from the Salzburg Cathedral. It is in the collection of the Bavarian State Library in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="9900367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900367" title="Olenoides">
Olenoides

Olenoides was a trilobite from the Cambrian period. Its fossils are found well-preserved in the Burgess Shale in Canada. It grew up to 10 cm long.
"Olenoides" followed the basic structure of all trilobites — a cephalon (head shield), a thorax with seven jointed parts, and finally a semicircular pygidium. Its antennae were long, and curved back along its sides. Its thin legs show that it was no swimmer, instead crawling along the sea floor in search of prey. This is also evidenced by fossil tracks that have been found. Conspicuous W-shaped wounds, often partially healed, on "Olenoides" specimens may be due to predation by Anomalocaris.
Its major characteristics are a large parallel-sided glabella, deep interpleural furrows on the pygidium, and slender pygidial spines, as well as the fact that it is the most common limb-bearing trilobite species in the Burgess Shale.
Specimens have been found in the Marjumian of the USA (Utah and New York). General Cambrian fossils have been found in Canada (British Columbia and Newfoundland), Greenland, Kazakhstan, Russia, and the USA (Idaho, Nevada for which "O. nevadensis" is named, New York, Pennsylvania for which O. pennsylvanicus is named, Virginia, Utah, and Wyoming).
Synonyms.
"Olenoides" was formerly known as "Neolenus". "Kootenia" is sometimes considered a junior synonym because the main morphological difference between the two genera was "Kootenia" 's lack of "Olenoides"' strong interpleural furrows on the pygidium, which is now believed to be variable.
Description.
"Olenoides" is an average size trilobite (up to 9 cm long), broadly oval in outline. Its headshield (or cephalon) is semi-circular. The central raised area of the cephalon (or glabella) is parallel-sided, rounded at its front and almost reaches the anterior border. Thin eye ridges swing back from the front of the glabella to the small, outwardly-bowed eyes. The free cheeks (or librigenae) narrow back into straight, slender genal spines that reach as far back as the third thorax segment. The articulating middle part of the skeleton (or thorax) consists of seven segments that end in needle-like spines. The semi-circular tail-piece (or pygidium) has six axial rings that decrease in size backwards and four or five pairs of rearward pointing marginal spines. The cephalon, thorax and pygidium are of approximately equal length.
"Olenellus serratus" is one of about twenty species of which the non-calcified parts are known, due to so-called soft tissue preservation. The antennas are the most anterior pair of appendages in trilobites. In "O. serratus", these are attached about halfway the immediately adjacent hypostome, and appear from the dorsal side under the cephalon in front of the side of the glabella. They appear to be flexible, have a tubular shape that become narrower when approaching their tips and consist of between 40 and 50 segments that are each shorter than wide. "Olenellus serratus" is the only known trilobite with cerci, uniramous appendages on ventral side of last pygidial , and these are shaped like the antennas.

</doc>
<doc id="9900381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900381" title="Acanthinites">
Acanthinites

Acanthinites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass which was described by Mojsisovics in 1893. "Acanthinites" has only one described species, "A. magnificus" and lived in what is now the province of British Columbia in western Canada. Its fossils are found in the Norian stage which lasted from about 203.6 to 216.5 million years ago and is part of the Triassic Period.

</doc>
<doc id="9900396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900396" title="Executioners (film)">
Executioners (film)

Executioners (), is a 1993 Hong Kong action film and a sequel to "The Heroic Trio", both films which were directed by Johnny To, starring Michelle Yeoh, Anita Mui and Maggie Cheung, returning as the main characters of the first film. Other cast include Damian Lau, Anthony Wong, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Lau Ching-Wan, Paul Chun and Kwan Shan.
Plot.
"Executioners" reunites the main characters of "The Heroic Trio" in a dark, post-apocalyptic story set in a world ravaged by war, torn by social and political strife, and desperately short of uncontaminated water. 
The Wonder Woman (Anita Mui) is now the mother of a young girl, named (in the English dubbed version) Charlie. She has abandoned her role as a crime fighter in order to become a better mother and wife. But while walking her daughter home from the grocery store, she witnesses an attempted water theft. In a brief display of her true prowess (and to the delight of her daughter), she stops the thief and returns the bagged water to the would-be victim. 
The Invisible Girl, (Michelle Yeoh), has finally accepted her true role as a hero and strives to atone for the evil deeds she committed while under the influence of her former Evil Master (as shown in "The Heroic Trio"), She has become an agent of change, striving to use her abilities for the good of society. She's gone so far as to become the tutor of the masked hunchback Kau, another of the Evil Master's former servants. Lured into a blast furnace in "The Heroic Trio", Kau had been horribly burned and disfigured; somehow, he retains his almost superhuman vitality and ability, yet has no moral compass, other than his allegiance to his tutor. She hopes to reform him and show him a better way, as the Wonder Woman and the Thief Catcher did for her. 
The Thief Catcher (Maggie Cheung), is still up to her old ways, just trying to make a profit out of a bad situation. Yet even she is starting to strive for a higher standard, and has come to realize that she is part of a team and has responsibilities to something greater than herself. The three heroes are forced to overcome devastating personal loss, conflicting loyalties, and overwhelming odds, to bring security and justice back to the people.
Production.
The film's theme song, "A Woman's Heart," (lyrics by Chik Lam, music by Law Tai-Yau), also the theme of "The Heroic Trio", is sung by Anita Mui.[http://www.michelleyeoh.info/Movie/Ht/womanheart.html] 

</doc>
<doc id="9900403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900403" title="Hanthane Kathawa">
Hanthane Kathawa

Hanthane Kathawa (Sinhalese language word means "Story of Hanthana") is a 1969 film based on a love story of university students of Sri Lanka. It was directed by famous Sri Lankan film director Sugathapala Senerath Yapa and screened on August 1, 1968. This film also remarks the cinema debut of famous actor Vijaya Kumaratunga.
Synopsis.
Love story of Hanthane.

</doc>
<doc id="9900410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900410" title="Optioned">
Optioned

Optioned may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9900418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900418" title="Hurricane Guillermo (1997)">
Hurricane Guillermo (1997)

Hurricane Guillermo was the sixth strongest Pacific hurricane on record, attaining peak winds of 160 mph (260 km/h) and a barometric pressure of 919 hPa (27.14 inHg). Forming out of a tropical wave on July 30, 1997, roughly 345 mi (555 km) south of Salina Cruz, Mexico, Guillermo tracked in a steady west-northwestward direction while intensifying. The system reached hurricane status by August 1 before undergoing rapid intensification the following day. At the end of this phase, the storm attained its peak intensity as a powerful Category 5 hurricane. The storm began to weaken during the afternoon of August 5 and was downgraded to a tropical storm on August 8. Once entering the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility, Guillermo briefly weakened to a tropical depression before re-attaining tropical storm status. On August 15, the storm reached an unusually high latitude of 41.8°N before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone. The remnants persisted for more than a week as they tracked towards the northeast and later south and east before being absorbed by a larger extratropical system off the coast of California on August 24.
Throughout Guillermo's track, the storm never threatened any major landmass, resulting in little impact on land. However, because of its extreme intensity, it produced large swells across the Pacific Ocean, affecting areas from Hawaii to coastal Mexico. Along the American Pacific coast, three people drowned amid high waves, two in Baja California and one in California. At its peak, Guillermo was the second strongest known Pacific hurricane on record; however, it has since been surpassed by four other storms, including Linda later that year. The effects of Guillermo were not deemed severe enough to justify retirement of its name.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Guillermo began its extensive track as a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on July 16, 1997. Initially disorganized and weak, the system tracked westward across the Atlantic Ocean for several weeks. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) stated that they had issues monitoring the system as it moved through the Caribbean; however, they interpreted through satellite data that the wave crossed Central America and entered the Pacific Ocean between July 27 and 28. Once in the Pacific, convection, areas of thunderstorm activity, and banding features began to form. Additionally, a low pressure system developed within the disturbance by July 29. The following day, the system became sufficiently organized for the NHC to classify it as Tropical Depression Nine-E; at this time the depression was situated roughly 345 mi (555 km) south of Salina Cruz, Mexico. In response to a deep-layer ridge to the north, the depression tracked at a steady pace towards the west-northwest, and this motion persisted through the first week of August. Within a day of being classified, the system intensified into Tropical Storm Guillermo, the seventh named storm of the 1997 season.
By the afternoon of August 1, a strong central dense overcast, an area of high, thick clouds, developed over the center of circulation, prompting the NHC to upgrade it to a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. Throughout the next day, the system gradually developed an eye within the central dense overcast, leading to further strengthening. Operationally, the Guillermo was thought to have briefly leveled out in intensity on August 2; however, in post-storm analysis, the NHC discovered that a steady period of rapid intensification took place. Unlike most hurricanes in the eastern Pacific, Guillermo was investigated by Hurricane Hunters reconnaissance aircraft during its rapid intensification stage. The aircraft released several dropsondes into the storm to gather meteorological data. This mission marked the first time the Hurricane Hunters recorded high-resolution wind data from flight level to within several meters of the ocean surface inside the eyewall of a major hurricane.
Radar was also employed to determine the size of the hurricane's eye, stated to be roughly 13 mi (20 km) in diameter, following a 6-mile (10 km) decrease due to the strengthening. Light wind shear surrounding the hurricane allowed further strengthening to take place. Late on August 2, the system attained winds of 135 mph (215 km/h), making it a Category 4 storm. During the afternoon of August 3, Guillermo nearly attained Category 5 intensity as it reached its initial peak intensity with winds of 155 mph (250 km/h) along with a barometric pressure estimated at 925 mbar (hPa; 27.32 inHg). A brief period of weakening took place later that day before further strengthening ensued. Late on August 4, Guillermo intensified into a Category 5 hurricane, attaining peak winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Operational analysis of satellite information indicated a minimum pressure of 921 mbar (hPa; 27.2 inHg); however, post-storm studies stated that the pressure was more likely around 919 mbar (hPa; 27.14 inHg).
At its peak, cloud temperatures within the eyewall were estimated to be as low as . Using the Dvorak technique, a method used to estimate the intensity of tropical cyclones, a value of 7.6 was obtained. This indicated that maximum winds at the surface could have been as high as 181 mph (291 km/h); however, this was not used as the reported intensity as six- to twelve-hour averages indicated sustained winds around 160 mph (260 km/h). After maintaining this intensity for roughly 18 hours, the system began to weaken as it moved into a less favorable environment with moderate wind shear. Cloud temperatures within the eyewall also began to increase, indicating that the hurricane was losing intensity.
Steady weakening took place over the following several days, and the storm dropped below major hurricane status on August 6. By August 8, Guillermo moved over colder waters and was downgraded to a tropical storm as sustained winds dropped below 75 mph (120 km/h). Around this time, the storm started to move along the western edge of the ridge that previously steered it towards the west-northwest, causing Guillermo to turn northwest. On August 9, the storm crossed longitude 140°W, denoting a shift in warning responsibility from the NHC to the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC). Not long after crossing into the CPHC's area of responsibility, the storm further weakened to a tropical depression as it moved over waters.
Although most tropical cyclones generally weaken as they increase in latitude, warm waters of allowed Guillermo to re-intensify into a tropical storm on August 11. Gradually, the storm attained winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) before succumbing to cooler waters further north. The storm weakened to a tropical depression once more on August 15, situated well to the north of the Hawaiian islands. Later that day, Guillermo transitioned into an extratropical cyclone at an unusually high latitude of 41.8°N, roughly 850 mi (1,370 km) south-southeast of Unalaska, Alaska. Over the following days, the remnants of the hurricane turned northeastward towards the Pacific coast of North America. On August 19, the system moved within 575 mi (925 km) of Vancouver Island, British Columbia before Guillermo tracked southward. Over the following few days, the system slowed significantly and turned towards the east. By August 20, moisture from the remnants of Tropical Storm Ignacio were entrained into the eastern portion of Guillermo's circulation. On August 24, the low was finally absorbed by a larger extratropical system while situated roughly 345 mi (555 km) off of the northern California coastline.
Impact and records.
Along the Pacific coast of Mexico, surf produced by Hurricane Guillermo affected numerous beaches. From Cabo San Lucas to San José del Cabo, the storm sent waves from the Sea of Cortez over the grounds of beachside resorts. Tourists were driven off some of Cabo's most popular beaches by the rough ocean conditions which flooded homes situated along the coast. Two sightseers were killed after being swept out to sea.
Due to accurate forecasts, emergency officials across California were able to close off swimming zones and warn the public about dangerous rip currents prior to their arrival. Guillermo generated heavy surf across the beaches of Southern California. Heights from the surf averaged with local areas reaching above , favorable to around 500 surfers at an annual competition at Huntington Beach. According to the "Los Angeles Times", some waves reached heights of . Over 100 rescues were reported by local lifeguards. Waves ranging from also affected Orange County. Hundreds of people were rescued, but rip currents were blamed for three injuries and one death. On August 5, about a mile north of Huntington Beach pier, a 19-year old man was swept away. His body was recovered several days later. On August 6, a teenage boy and girl were injured on a beach in Corona Del Mar, while an 18-year old was pulled ashore and sent to the hospital with neck injuries. In Newport Beach, lifeguards made nearly 300 rescues on August 5 and 6 alone.
In addition to coastal impacts, the system brought a surge of warm, moist air into southern California, bringing temperatures in some areas as high as . Between August 15 and 17, large waves generated while it was at peak intensity came ashore in Hawaii. The swells caused no damage and reached heights of in eastern-facing shores of the state.
Hurricane Guillermo's central pressure of 919 mbar (hPa; 27.14 inHg) established it as the second most intense Pacific hurricane on record behind Hurricane Ava of 1973. However, later in the 1997 season, Hurricane Linda set a new intensity record, and in subsequent years hurricanes Kenna, Ioke and Rick all achieved lower pressures, leaving Guillermo in sixth place. As of , Guillermo remains the strongest Pacific hurricane during the month of August. Guillermo persisted for 16.5 days from its classification as a tropical depression to its transition into an extratropical storm, making it the sixth longest-lasting storm in the basin.

</doc>
<doc id="9900421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900421" title="Mike Lansford">
Mike Lansford

Mike Lansford (born July 20, 1958 in Monterey Park, California) is a former National Football League placekicker from 1982-1990 for the Los Angeles Rams. In 1989, he led the league with 51 extra points. He is one of seven barefooted kickers in NFL history. Mike is married to Jill Haus-Lansford and has 3 children, McCall Lansford, Bree Haus- Lansford, Chase Lansford.
Lansford was known more for accuracy and being a clutch kicker than he was for a strong leg. He was only 4 of 17 in his career on field goal attempts of 50 yards or more, but was successful on nearly 75% of his attempts inside 45 yards. In addition, he never missed a last minute game tying or winning field goal. His 42-yard field goal in New Orleans on the final play of the 1983 season's final game gave the Rams a 26-24 win over the Saints and sent the Rams to the playoffs over the Saints. In 1989, he kicked a last second field goal in San Francisco to beat the 49ers 13-12, and in the 1989 NFC divisional playoff game, he made 2 fourth-quarter field goals in a swirling wind at the Meadowlands to enable the Rams to tie the Giants in a game the Rams eventually won in overtime. 
He also made last minute field goals to beat the Cardinals in 1984, the 49ers in 1986, the Bears in 1986 (a 50 yarder), and the Cardinals in 1987, as well as an overtime winner vs. the Saints in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9900428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900428" title="Rebecca Smart">
Rebecca Smart

Rebecca Elizabeth Smart (born 30 January 1976) is an Australian actress born in Tamworth, Australia.
Smart has performed in movies like "The Coca-Cola Kid", "Violet's Visit" and "Blackrock" as well as television shows and miniseries like "Elly & Jools", "The Shiralee" and "Water Rats".
She won the Most Popular Actress in a Miniseries/Telemovie Silver Logie at the Logie Awards for her performance in the 1987 Australian Miniseries "The Shiralee". She was also nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the Australian Film Institute Awards and the Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards for her performance in "Blackrock".

</doc>
<doc id="9900438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900438" title="Union Station (Montgomery, Alabama)">
Union Station (Montgomery, Alabama)

Union Station, also known as Montgomery Union Station or Montgomery Union Station and Trainshed, in Montgomery, Alabama was built by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and opened in 1898. Erected of brick and limestone on a high bluff along the Alabama River, the station also served passenger trains of Atlantic Coast Line, Western Railway of Alabama, Seaboard Air Line, Central of Georgia, and Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad. The station had six tracks under a 600 foot shed, with a coach yard on the south end of the station as well as a Railway Express Agency facility. The station's design segregated passengers by race and incorporated Romanesque Revival elements.
The number of passenger trains using Union Station declined during the 1950s and 1960s. When Amtrak came into existence in 1971, it continued passenger service through Montgomery with a single train (the "South Wind", later renamed the "Floridian"), operating between Chicago and Miami. However, this train was terminated in 1979 and Union Station was closed.
After a period of disuse, Union Station was renovated for commercial tenants. The train shed still stands, although tracks under it have been replaced by asphalt parking.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
Amtrak returned to Montgomery in 1989 with an extension of the Crescent called the Gulf Breeze from Birmingham to Mobile; but Union Station was not used. Instead, Amtrak contracted with a travel agent who occupied a former grain silo near Union Station. This Amtrak service was terminated in 1995, and Montgomery has had no passenger rail service since.
Among other tenants, Union Station currently hosts the Montgomery Area Visitor Center.

</doc>
<doc id="9900439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900439" title="Norma Moriceau">
Norma Moriceau

Norma Moriceau is an Australian costume designer and production designer. She is best known for the post-apocalyptic leather-fetish biker warrior costumes she designed for "Mad Max 2" (1981) and "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" (1985).
Career.
Late 1970s and early 1980s.
In the late 1970s, Moriceau wrote the screenplay for "Galaxy's Last Tape" (1977). Her career in costume design started during this same period, with "Journey Among Women" (1977) and "Newsfront" (1978). In the early 1980s, Moriceau did costume design for several films with a 'punk'-oriented look, including the Sex Pistols' film "The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle" (1980)," Mad Max 2" (1981) (which was released as "The Road Warrior" in the US), and "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" (1985). 
Other films she did costume design on in the early 1980s include the children's "Little Rascals" style film "Fatty Finn" (1980), "The Chain Reaction" (1980) (also called" Nuclear Run"), and "Nate and Hayes" (1983) (also called "Savage Islands" in the UK).
Moriceau has won three Australian Film Institute Awards for the best costume-design, for "Newsfront", "Fatty Finn" and "Mad Max 2".
Mid-1980s to present.
In the mid-1980s, Moriceau did the costume design for the big Australian hit film "Crocodile Dundee" (1986), and as well for its sequel "Crocodile Dundee II" (1988). She followed up with action movies and thrillers including "Dead Calm" (1989), "The Punisher" (1989), and "Patriot Games" (1992). Other 1990s costume design jobs included "Wide Sargasso Sea" (1993)," No Escape" (1994), "The Island of Dr. Moreau" (1996), and "".
In 1998, she did a television project called "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny". In the 2000s, she did costume design for the Graham Greene adaptation "The Quiet American" (2002) and for the film "Beyond Borders" (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="9900458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900458" title="Billy (pygmy hippo)">
Billy (pygmy hippo)

Billy, or William Johnson Hippopotamus, (1920s – October 11, 1955) was a Pygmy Hippopotamus given as a pet to U.S. President Calvin Coolidge. Captured in Liberia, he was given to Coolidge by Harvey Samuel Firestone in 1927. Billy spent most of his life in the National Zoo in Washington D.C.. In addition to his fame as an exotic presidential pet—which afforded him a trip to the 1939 New York World's Fair—Billy is also notable as the common ancestor to most pygmy hippos in American zoos. By the time of his death in 1955, Billy had sired 23 calves, 13 of whom survived at least a year.
Early years.
In 1927, Harvey Samuel Firestone, the founder of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, acquired Billy in Liberia, where he was captured on one of Firestone Tires' large plantations. Calvin Coolidge, who was the U.S. President at the time, was known for his collection of animals, including many dogs, birds, a wallaby, lion cubs, a raccoon and other unusual animals. At the time, pygmy hippos were virtually unknown in the United States. On May 26, 1927, Coolidge was informed that he would receive the rare hippo, already adult-sized at long and around , as a gift.
In Coolidge's autobiography he wrote about the unusual menagerie he collected and stated that he donated many of these animals, including Billy, to the National Zoo. Though Coolidge had a deep fascination with animals, he was overshadowed by Theodore Roosevelt, who was more widely known for and associated with his interest in animals. By August 1927, Coolidge had sent the second largest collection of animals of any president after Roosevelt to the zoo, and paid them frequent visits. Upon his arrival, Billy was one of the most-valuable animals the zoo had ever received, and was only the eighth pygmy hippopotamus to be brought to the United States. Billy was a popular animal; several months after his arrival, "The New York Times" wrote Billy was "as frisky as a dog. Even the antics of the monkeys go unobserved when the keeper opens the tiny hippo's cage and cuts up with him."
Parenting troubles.
Today, pygmy hippos breed well in captivity: since Billy's arrival, 58 pygmy hippos have been born at the National Zoo alone. As one of the earliest pygmy hippos in captivity in the U.S. zoo system, Billy went on to become the direct ancestor of nearly all pygmy hippos in American zoos. When Billy first came to the zoo, however, keepers did not know much about pygmy hippopotamus husbandry. A mate for Billy, a female named Hannah, was acquired by the zoo on September 4, 1929. Billy's and Hannah's first calf was born on August 26, 1931, but did not survive the week. "Inability to survive the neglect of an errant mother was the cause given for baby Hippo's demise", eulogized "The Washington Post". Over the next two years, two more calves would follow, both of which died in infancy. Billy's third calf was killed when Hannah rolled on top of the baby and crushed it. "She's just a bad mother", said the zoo's long-time director Dr. William M. Mann to "The Washington Post", upon the death of the third infant.
As Hannah's fourth pregnancy progressed, zookeepers noticed she seemed to be less agitated than previous pregnancies and attributed this to their new quarters: during her previous three pregnancies, Hannah had lived in the zoo's lion house, a stressful environment for a pregnant hippo. On Mother's Day of 1938, Hannah gave birth to a healthy baby.
Life as a stud.
Such was Billy's popularity in the 1930s that at the end of the decade he traveled to Queens, New York, for the 1939 New York World's Fair, where he appeared in the Firestone exhibit. Billy and Hannah successfully had more calves, and because of Billy's worth as a breeding stud, in 1940, Mann traveled to Liberia as part of the Smithsonian-Firestone animal expedition, and acquired a second mate for Billy, another female who came to be known as Matilda.
Between 1931 and 1954, Hannah gave birth to 15 of Billy's calves, 7 of whom were reared or lived at least one year. Between 1943 and 1956, Matilda gave birth to 8 of Billy's calves, 6 of which were reared. At some point during the 1940s, the press started to refer to Billy as William Johnson Hippopotamus. The zoo developed the tradition of naming all his calves Gumdrop, using Roman numerals to distinguish them. By the birth of Gumdrop XVI, the zoo had noticed something curious: of all Billy's calves, only one was male. Research would later confirm that pygmy hippos in captivity are far more likely to give birth to females, though not by such an extreme ratio as Billy. Twenty-three years after Coolidge's death (January 5, 1933) Billy himself died on October 11, 1955, five months before the birth of Gumdrop XVIII. "He carried his work on to the end", said a zoo official. Hannah followed Billy in death on March 6, 1958.
A legacy continued.
After a year or two at the National Zoo, Billy's offspring were typically sent to other locations. Among the places to which his progeny were transferred: the Cole Bros. Circus, Philadelphia Zoological Gardens, Catskill Game Farm, the Miller Bros. Circus, the Fort Worth Zoo, as well as international destinations such as Sydney and London. In 1960, after learning that the zoo's female pygmy hippos remained without male companionship after Billy's death, Liberian President William Tubman dispatched a search party to find a new male pygmy hippopotamus to ship to Washington. The pygmy hippopotamus, named Totota, arrived in Brooklyn, New York, on February 4, 1960, and traveled via station wagon to Washington the next day, where he would continue Billy's breeding legacy with the zoo's female pygmy hippos, two of which were Billy's daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9900476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900476" title="SAM Learning">
SAM Learning

SAM Learning is an online education service for schools in the United Kingdom that supports personalised learning through a Self-Assessment Method (SAM) of interactive revision and examination practice. The service covers all National Curriculum subject areas for Key Stage 1, Key Stage 2, Key Stage 3 and GCSE. Content on the site is written by examiners and teachers.
History.
SAM Learning was started in 1994 by David Jaffa, a Cambridge University graduate, after he had written a book entitled "The Skiver's Guide: How To Succeed In Exams If You Haven't Done Enough Work", which outlined the SAM learning methodology that was then used to develop the SAM Learning educational software.
The Fischer Family Trust.
For the sixth successive year, independent research from the Fischer Family Trust indicates that SAM Learning usage significantly raises student grades in exams. The report examines performance by comparing actual KS4 attainment against what might have been expected given a student’s national relative attainment at KS3.
The 2008 analysis shows that patterns are consistent with previous years; overall, the greatest impact occurs when students use SAM Learning for more than 10 hours: the average value-added performance for all prior-attainment groups with 10+ task hours was 3.8%, with over 21 Local Authorities showing gains of over 10%. The site quotes that using SAM Learning for 10 hours during revision can improve your level by a grade.
Overall, low prior-attaining students show significantly greater improvement per hour’s use of SAM Learning. Improvements, in terms of overall GCSE points score, were greatest for these students. E.g. on average, students in this group achieved 30.3 more GCSE points than expected.
Improvements, in terms of attaining 5+A*–C passes, were greatest for students in the middle prior-attainment group (group 3). E.g. on average, 6.9% more students in this group achieved 5+A*–C passes. This percentage increases to 9.7% when English and Maths are included in the 5+A*–C passes.
In terms of attainment of 5+A*–A passes, students with high prior-attainment show the greatest gains, with an average of 4.7% more students in this group achieving 5+A*–A passes.
Educational projects.
SAM Learning is involved with many local and international projects promoting education. They have sponsored the rebuilding of a primary school in Ghana, and also support the Fit for Success program, in partnership with Bristol Rovers Football Club and Sportsmatch.

</doc>
<doc id="9900484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900484" title="Cromar">
Cromar

Cromar () is an area in Aberdeenshire, north east Scotland thirty miles inland from Aberdeen. It is also known as the Howe of Cromar. 
Surrounded by a sweep of hills, dominated by Morven 871m (2655 feet), this lower lying area is a mixture of farming, forestry and settlements, principally Tarland and Logie Coldstone. It is near to Aboyne and the Muir of Dinnet. 
The area has evidence of human habitation going back to 4000 BC, notably the Recumbent Stone circle at Tomnaverie, a souterrain or earth house at Culsh, as well as numerous burial cairns, lesser stone circles, Bronze Age fortifications and Pictish Stones. These antiquities point the existence of several distinct cultures living in the Cromar over the millennia.
Shouldering Morven is Culblean, the site of the Battle of Culblean in 1335. Running off the same hill is the Burn o’ Vat, here the burn has carved a cauldron like gorge in the granite. This was the hideout of the notorious 18th century outlaw Gilderoy McGregor. 
As with most of Royal Deeside, there are a number of minor mansions in the area, including Blelack, Tillypronie, Douneside and Alastrean House. 
The land is mainly put to farming cattle and sheep. There are a number of commercial forest plantations but also areas of natural birch woodland. The higher ground around the Cromar is heather moorland, much of it maintained for grouse shooting. Pheasants are a common sight lower down. The area also has a population of Red Squirrels.

</doc>
<doc id="9900547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900547" title="Acantholytoceras">
Acantholytoceras

Acantholytoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900548" title="Acanthohoplites">
Acanthohoplites

Acanthohoplites is a Lower Cretaceous ammonite in the family Douvilleiceratidae.
The taxonomic position here follows the classification in the Treatise Pt L, 1957. Newer classifications may have revised taxonomies.
Description.
These ammonites have a strongly ribbed shell and ammonitic suture. Early whorls are coronate, which later become round, then oval in section. Primary ribs may have swellings (bullae) at the umbilicus or are without. In early stages primary ribs branch mid flank at prominent lateral tubercles. In later stages lateral tubercles are reduced or absent and primary ribs branch simply at the umbilical shoulder or, again, mid flank. Sutural elements are subquadrate with narrow, shallow embayments. The first lateral lobe tends to be symmetrical. 
"Acanthohoplites" has been found in upper Aptian and lower Albian sediments in Europe, Central Asia, Japan, East Africa, Arizona, California, Oregon Mexico, and South America. 
"Parahoplites" and "Hypacanthoplites" are similar genera.

</doc>
<doc id="9900550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900550" title="Acanthodiscus">
Acanthodiscus

Acanthodiscus is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the order Ammonitida and included in the persphinctacean family Berriasellidae. The type, named by Bruguière, 1779, is "Acanthodiscus radiatus".
Description.
The shell of "Acanthodiscus" ("A. radiatus") is of modest size, slightly more than 14 cm (5.5 in) in diameter, coiled with the outer whorl covering about a third of the next inner whorl. The lower (2/3) flanks bear strong, wide spaced, radial ribs with large nodes at either end, and become weaker on the mature body chamber. Outer flanks (approx. 1/3) slope toward a narrow, flat to concave venter lined on either side by a series of smaller nodes. the mature whorl section is higher than wide.
Paleoecology, distribution, and range.
"Acanthodiscus" is found in shallow water sediments in both the Tethyan and Boreal realms where it is used as an index fossil. In fact, the International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS) has assigned the First Appearance Datum of "Acanthodiscus radiatus", the first species of the genus, as the defining biological marker for the start of the Hauterivian stage of the Cretaceous, ~132.9 million years ago. "Acanthodiscus" fossils can be found in Argentina's Neuquén Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="9900551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900551" title="Kalanta (EP)">
Kalanta (EP)

Kalanta () is an extended play by popular Greek artist Despina Vandi released on 22 November 2006 by Heaven Music and which attained 2x Platinum certification. "Kalanta" was the best selling cd single for 2006 by a female artist. 
Singles.
"Kalanta"
"Mehri Mai Mina"
Charts.
"Kalanta" peaked at number one on the Greek Singles Chart (where EPs chart in Greece) and stay there for 5 weeks. The EP was certified double platinum, selling 31,000 units. 
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9900574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900574" title="...And the Women Who Love Them">
...And the Women Who Love Them

...And the Women Who Love Them is an EP by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1994 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first release with drummer Jim "Jym" Ruzicka, replacing founding member Alex Laipeneiks who had left the group the previous year. It was recorded at a time when the band were very near breaking up permanently, and its release helped to creatively rejuvenate the group. Shortly after its release bassist Aaron Rubin left the band and was replaced by Joel Reader.
In 2002 "...And the Women Who Love Them" was re-released as a "Special Addition" CD which includes numerous bonus tracks compiling nearly all of the band's singles, outtakes, and rare tracks from 1994 through 1997, as well as detailed liner notes explaining this span of the band's history and the recording of the songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9900577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900577" title="Thiruvalluvar Statue">
Thiruvalluvar Statue

The Thiruvalluvar Statue is a 133 feet (40.6 m) tall stone sculpture of the Tamil poet and philosopher Tiruvalluvar, author of the Thirukkural. It was opened on January 1, 2000 (Millennium) and is located atop a small island near the town of Kanyakumari, where two seas and an ocean meet; the Bay of Bengal, the Arabian Sea, and the Indian Ocean . 
The statue has a height of 95 feet (29 m) and stands upon a 38 foot (11.5 m) pedestal that represents the 38 chapters of "virtue" in the Thirukkural. The statue standing on the pedestal represents "wealth" and "pleasures", signifying that wealth and love be earned and enjoyed on the foundation of solid virtue.
The combined height of the statue and pedestal is 133 feet (40.5 m), denoting the 133 chapters in the Thirukkural. It has a total weight of 7000 tons.
The statue, with its slight bend around the waist is reminiscent of a dancing pose of the ancient Indian deities like Nataraja. It was sculpted by the Indian sculptor Dr. V. Ganapati Sthapati, who also created the Iraivan Temple.
This monument was hit by the Indian Ocean Tsunami of December 26, 2004.
Construction.
In 1979, the then Prime Minister Morarji Desai laid the foundation stone for the statue. However, the installation and the sculpting work began on September 6, 1990, on the tiny island adjacent to Vivekananda Rock Memorial when funds were allocated in the 1990-91 budget. Initially, the project stalled but then recommenced in 1997 and was completed on January 1, 2000. At the cost of more than US$1 million (INR 61.4 million), it employed about 150 workers, sculptors, assistants and supervisors. The slight bend around the waist made the design challenging. Dr. V. Ganapati Sthapati solved the problem by creating a full-length wooden prototype before construction. Study of this prototype led to the identification of an energy line (known in Vastu as "kayamadhyasutra"), currently an empty cavity in the center of the statue from top to bottom. Sthapati designed the statue to survive earthquakes of unexpected magnitude.
The stone work was divided amongst three workshops, in Kanyakumari, Ambasamudram and Shankarapuram. Ambasamudram contributed 5,000 tons of stones, while Shankarapuram was quarried for 2,000 tons of high quality granite stones for the outer portion of the statue. While the largest of the 3,681 stones weighed over 15 tons, the majority weighed three to eight tons. An interesting detail is the 19-foot-high face, with the ears, nose, eyes, mouth, forehead all made of individual stones carved by hand. Stumps of palmyra tree and poles of casuarina (ironwood) were used for scaffolding. It took 18,000 casuarina poles tied together with two truckloads of ropes to reach the top of the statue.
Connectivity From the Mainland.
The statue stands 400 meters from the coastline of Kanyakumari on a small island rock. Ferry service are available from the mainland. The ferry service to Vivekananda Rock Memorial stops for a while at the Thiruvalluvar Statue.
Opening Ceremony
The memorable statue of the great poet was unveiled by the then Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi on the 1st day of January 2000 in the presence of a massive gathering. Thiru. G. K. Moopanar requested the entire gathering to stand up and greet the Chief Minister by acclamation for his achievement in launching the Statue of Ayyan Thiruvalluvar at the southernmost end of India.

</doc>
<doc id="9900584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900584" title="Anthracoceratoides">
Anthracoceratoides

Anthracoceratoides is a genus belonging to the Anthracoceratidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900586" title="Aphanites">
Aphanites

Aphanites is a Lower Pennsylvanian ammonite belonging to the Goniatitid family Reticuloceratidae which are characterized by involute subdiscoidal shells covered by linear or biconvex growth lines that may be crossed by longitudinal lirae, producing a reticulate pattern. Sutures are simple, the ventral lobe double pronged. Related genera include "Surenites" and "Reticuloceras". 

</doc>
<doc id="9900588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900588" title="Apleuroceras">
Apleuroceras

Apleuroceras is a ceratitid ammonite with an essentially smooth evolute shell with a subquadrade whorl section and a ceratitic suture with two lateral lobes (on either side). "Apleuroceras" belongs to the Aplococeratidae and has been found in middle Triassic formations of Ladinian age in Hungary and the Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="9900592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900592" title="Australiceras">
Australiceras

Australiceras is an extinct ammonite genus from the upper part of the Early Cretaceous, Aptian stage, included in the Ancyloceratidae.
Description.
"Australiceras" has an evolute shell, coiled with all whorls showing in keeping with its inclusion in the Ancyloceratida. The inner, early, whorls bear ribs that alternate between those that are smooth and those the bear stout blunt or conical tubercles. Ribs on the outer whorls become free of tubercles and end up all smooth.
"Australiceras" bears some resemblance to "Tropaeum" and "Balearites", both related genera.
The type species is "Australiceras jacki".

</doc>
<doc id="9900597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900597" title="College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry, Anand">
College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry, Anand

The College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry, Anand was founded in 1964. It is a part of AAU, Anand, Gujarat, India.The college is an educational and research institute. The college teaches veterinary and animal science, and runs research to enhance productivity and to transfer technology to the farmers.
History.
The college was established on 16 August 1964 by the government of Gujarat, becoming a part of Gujarat Agriculture university in 1974. Now it is a constituent college of Anand Agricultural university. 
Campus.
The campus is spread over 63 acres of land with 18 departments, four research Stations, Molecular Genetics Lab, Veterinary Hospital, Instructional farm, College Library,Indoor and outdoor sports facilities. 
Student counselling.
Candidates are called for counselling by the Admission Committee and also for verification of physical fitness, original mark sheet, certificates etc. before admission and registration. The candidates have to produce a medical certificate of physical fitness in the form prescribed by the Universities from a Registered Medical Officer.
Departments.
<poem>
Livestock Products Technology
Department of Animal Biotechnology
Veterinary Anatomy
Animal Physiology
Animal Bio Chemistry & Bio Technology
Veterinary Microbiology
Livestock Production & Management
Animal Genetics & Breeding
Veterinary Parasitology
Veterinary Surgery & Radiology
Animal Reproduction, Gynaecology & Obstetrics
Veterinary Pathology
Veterinary Medicine
Veterinary Pharmacology
Reproductive Biology Research
Poultry Science
Animal Nutrition
Teaching Veterinary Clinical Service Complex
Veterinary Public Health
Department of Animal Biotechnology
LIvestock Research Station
</poem> 
AAVCA is the name of the Alumni Association of Veterinary College Anand.

</doc>
<doc id="9900601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900601" title="Parapuzosia (Austiniceras)">
Parapuzosia (Austiniceras)

Parapuzosia (Austiniceras) is a subgenus of "Parapuzosia", the shell of which is commonly large, moderately involute, high whorled, with flat or covex sides that converge on a narrowly rounded venter. Primary ribs are signoid or concave. Constrictions where present are rather shallow. The related subgenus "P. Parapuzosia" differs in having a more oval whorl section, stronger and straighter primary ribs, and a smooth outer whorl.
"Parapuzosia (Austiniceras)" has a rather long temporal range. It is known from Lower Cenomanian to Upper Turonian sediments in western Europe and from the Coiniaian to the Campanian of Madagascar, and is recorded from Japan, North Aftrica, and North America (Texas).

</doc>
<doc id="9900607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900607" title="Anthracoceratites">
Anthracoceratites

Anthracoceratites is an extinct genus belonging to the of the Dimorphoceratidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900620" title="Bauchioceras">
Bauchioceras

Bauchioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Distribution.
Cretaceous of Nigeria 

</doc>
<doc id="9900627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900627" title="Basleoceras">
Basleoceras

Basleoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900631" title="Baskaniiceras">
Baskaniiceras

Baskaniiceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900636" title="Jewel Master">
Jewel Master

Story.
"Once upon a moment in time, there was kingdom known to all as Mythgard. " Mythgard prospered in peace until the first coming of the Demon King, Jardine the Mad. Leading his Dark Legion, Jardine was but a step away from obliterating the kingdom... It was then that the Twelve Masters of the Elements rose up to put an end to the Demon King's evil designs. A fierce battle ensued until there remained but four masters opposing Jardine. Pooling their powers into a Holy Blade, the Four Masters prepared for the Final Battle...
Gameplay.
The game is a side-scrolling action-adventure. It introduces the ability to constantly customize your attacks and movement styles through various equippable rings. Using the "A" and "B" buttons as his left and right hands, you can then equip two rings to the corresponding hand. The "C" button is used for jumping. The nature of each attack varies greatly, and as a result, different attacks are suitable for different situations. A player familiar with the game can usually figure out which attack and combination of rings will be effective. For example, one enemy is weak to water and immune to fire, but other than this, enemies are not susceptible to specific elements.
Music.
Motoaki Takenouchi composed the music for "Jewel Master". Some of the track names (as seen in the sound test), such as "The Gate of Delirium", "To Be Over" and "Close to the Edge", seem to pay homage to the British rock band "Yes", as those were the names of songs performed by the band. In addition, "Talk to the Wind" could very well be a reference to the song by King Crimson, "Vital Signs" could be a reference to Canadian rock band Rush, "Time to Kill" could be a reference to the 1970s British band UK, and Firebird could be a reference to Igor Stravinsky's Firebird Suite.

</doc>
<doc id="9900638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900638" title="Bashkortoceras">
Bashkortoceras

Bashkortoceras is a genus belonging to the Gastriocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900684" title="Herne Bay High School">
Herne Bay High School

Herne Bay High Specialist School and Sports College is a mixed ability Academy, with designated Sports College status, situated in Herne Bay, Kent, England. There are 1506 students in the school aged 11 to 18. The headmistress as of 2013 is Dr. Claire Owen.
In September 2000, the school became a Foundation School and control passed from Kent County Council to the Board of Governors. Three years later, the school gained the status of a Specialist School and Sports College.
History.
The school was founded as Greenhill Secondary School, at Bullockstone Road, Herne Bay. Later the school moved to its present site in Bullockstone Road. On September 1, 2000 the school became a Foundation school and control was passed from Kent County Council to the Board of Governors. Exactly three years later on September 1, 2003 the school became a Specialist school and Sports College. Year groups consist of year 7-13, (Years 12-13 is part of Sixth Form). Dr C. Owen is the current headteacher.
School structure.
The house system is known as a "Mini Community" and each house is named after planets of the Solar System: Jupiter, Mercury, Neptune, Saturn and Venus, each of which has its own Head of Mini Community, Mentor Team, logo and coloured tie. Each house contains at least 260 students.
Lower school.
As of 2014, the lower school has an annual intake of around 258 students at the start of Year Seven (age 11). The lower school (Years 7-11) is 1,285 students strong, for which the school uniform consists of a black blazer accompanied with the school badge on the breast pocket, with black trousers and a white shirt. Socks must be black and shoes must be plain. Shirts must be worn with a tie; which varies according to the mini-community in which the student is placed.
Curriculum.
As of 2014, the school follows the National Curriculum in Years 7–11 and offers a broad range of GCSEs (national exams taken by students aged 14–16) and A-levels (national exams taken by pupils aged 16–18). 
The school year runs from September to July, split across three terms: the autumn term (September to December), spring term (January to April) and the summer term (April to July). Students receive two weeks off for Christmas and Easter, a six-week summer break, and three "half term" breaks.
Examination.
As of 2010, the school offers GCSEs to students in the lower school, and AS/A-levels to students in the sixth form. League tables published by the BBC based on 2008 A-level results rank Herne Bay High as the sixty-second best school in Kent. According to the BBC, in 2009 A-Level students achieved an average of 658.2 QCDA points, against an national average of 739.1 and 44 percent of students achieved five or more grade C results (or equivalent) at GCSE, including Maths and English.

</doc>
<doc id="9900693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900693" title="Naraoia">
Naraoia

Naraoia is a genus of small to average size (about 2-4½ cm long) marine arthropods within the family Naraoiidae, that lived from the early Cambrian to the late Silurian period. The species are characterized by a large alimentary system and sideways oriented antennas.
Etymology.
The name is derived from Narao, the name of a group of small lakes in Cataract Brook canyon, above Hector on the Canadian Pacific Railway, British Columbia, Canada.
History of the classification.
When the fossil was first discovered in Canada's Burgess Shale, it was believed to be a crustacean, such was the difference between this and other trilobites. Its continuous shield hid most of its structure, interfering with proper classification. When Harry B. Whittington began dissecting some specimens ("Naraoia" was among the most populous of the Burgess Shale animals), he discovered that the legs (and gills) of the beasts were very similar, if not identical to those of trilobites, thus the current placement of "Naraoia" in class Trilobita. "Misszhouia longicaudata" was formerly considered a member of the genus "Naraoia", originally known as "N. longicaudata", until separated in 1997.
Description.
"Naraoia" is almost flat (dorso-ventrally). The upper (or dorsal) side of the body consists of a non-calcified transversely oval or semi-circular headshield (cephalon), and a tailshield (pygidium) longer than the cephalon, without any body segments in between. The body is narrowed at the articulation between cephalon and pygidium. The long many-segmented antennas are directed sideways. There are no eyes. The gut has a relatively large diameter (14-18% of the width of the body), and next to four pairs of large digestive sacs (or caeca) the cephalon has branched diverticula occupying most of the cephalon (unlike in "Misszhouia"). Appendages with two branches on a common basis, like "Misszhouia" and trilobites. At least the anterior trunk limbs have exopods with large, paddle-shaped distal lobes and short flattened side branches (setae) on the shaft. The endopod (known only in "N. compacta") is composed of six podomeres.
Distribution.
Species of "Naraoia" are known from Canada, the United States, South China, and Australia, occurring in deposits ranging from the Lower Cambrian (Atdabanian) to the late Upper Silurian (Pridoli).
Ecology.
Sediments present in the gut of "Naraoia" suggest that it may have been a deposit feeder, eating large amounts of soil, like an earthworm; A very large, complex system of gut diverticula and a gut with great holding capacity indicate that the diet of "Naraoia spinosa" was low in nutrition. On the other hand, the morphology of the digestive system has also been interpreted as representing a predatory habit. The large, paddle-shaped distal lobes and short lamellar setae on the exopods, the implanting of the antennas to the side, and the angle of the cephalon with the pygidium of up to 90° with which many specimen are found, all agree with a life of burrowing.
Habitat.
All naraoiids were probably marine bottom dwellers.

</doc>
<doc id="9900715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900715" title="Multiscale mathematics">
Multiscale mathematics

Multiscale mathematics is a branch of applied and computational mathematics concerned with the accurate and efficient solution of mathematical expressions representing the physical laws of nature across several levels of physical organization and/or spatial/temporal scales.
The primary areas of mathematical and algorithmic development include:

</doc>
<doc id="9900721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900721" title="Ken Reeth">
Ken Reeth

Ken Reeth (1938 – May 9, 2005)
was a colorful and creative disc jockey well known to many hippies and rock music fans as Brother Love.
"Brother Love's Underground" was radio show in the late-60's that was dedicated to psychedelic and underground rock music. It originated from Pittsburgh radio station WAMO-FM, with Reeth being its psychedelic DJ and emcee. It was also aired, via tape, on Dynamic Broadcasting which owned WILD-AM in Boston, WUFO-AM in Buffalo and WOAH in Miami.
While working at WAMO, which had a soul and R&B format, Reeth got the idea to do a show promoting the growing psychedelic rock music scene, mostly based in San Francisco and LA. Like Tom Donahue, his west-coast counterpart, he was one of the first to introduce listeners to Iron Butterfly, Country Joe and the Fish, Mothers of Invention, the early Doors, Jimi Hendrix, West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band, Vanilla Fudge and others. Although many of the artists on the show have been mainstays of classic rock stations for decades now, this was very adventurous radio programming at the time.
Reeth was born in The Bronx, and moved to Allentown, Pennsylvania when he was a teenager. He was part of nightclub comedy team called Reeth & King and later a morning radio duo on WDRC in Hartford, Connecticut. He went on to WAMO in Pittsburgh and later to vice president of programming for Dynamic Broadcasting. He left Pittsburgh in 1973 for the west coast and bought KKAR, a country station in Pomona, where his on-air name was Romeo Jones.
In his later years, Reeth posted some of his memories on Radio Nostalgia, a website devoted to Pittsburgh radio history.
Reeth died from leukemia.

</doc>
<doc id="9900730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900730" title="Sath Samudura">
Sath Samudura

Sath Samudura (Sinhalese language, "Seven Seas") is a landmark Sri Lankan film directed by professor Siri Gunasinghe and released in 1967. This film was critically acclaimed and is considered a major work in Sri Lankan cinema.
It depicts the plight of fishermen living in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka.
Cast.
Cyril Wickremage as Gunadasa
Swarna Mallawarachchi as Soma
Denawaka Hamine as Karolina
Edmund Wijesinghe as Sediris
Somasiri Dehipitiya as
Ratnawalie Kakunawela as 
Leena Fernando as
Hemamali Gunasinghe as
Bertie Kirthisena as
Sumitra Rajasinghe as 
Srimathi Rasadari as
Music.
The score for the movie was composed and directed by Somadasa Elvitigala. Unlike popular films of the time, only a few songs were included and these were of sombre and austere quality. W. D. Amaradeva served as the vocalist. 
Reception.
The film was a huge critical success within Sri Lanka.
At the 1968 Sarasaviya Film Awards, the film took home Best Film, Best Director, Best Male Film Role (Edmund Wijesinghe), Best Female Film Role (Denawaka Hamine), Best Film Editing, Best Music Direction, Best Lyricist (Mahagama Sekera - "Sinidu Sudu Mudu Thalawe") and Best Male Singer (W. D. Amaradeva - "Sinidu Sudu Mudu Thalawe").
In 1997, it was named one of the Top Ten films of the first 50 years of Sri Lankan cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="9900744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900744" title="American Council on Education">
American Council on Education

The American Council on Education (ACE) is a U.S. higher education organization established in 1918. Located in Washington, DC, it comprises approximately 1,800 accredited, degree-granting colleges and universities and higher education-related associations, organizations, and corporations. The organization conducts public policy advocacy, research, and other initiatives related to key higher education issues and plays a significant role in higher education leadership development.
Leadership.
ACE’s President since 2008 is Molly Corbett Broad.
The board chair is James H. Mullen, Jr., president of Allegheny College (PA). Immediate past chair is Diana Natalicio, president of the University of Texas at El Paso. The vice chair is Renu Khator, chancellor of the University of Houston System and president of the University of Houston. The secretary is Robert Caret, president of the University of Massachusetts.
Programs and activities.
The Council developed and administered the General Educational Development testing program until 2011 when it entered a collaboration with Pearson to form the GED Testing Service, which now is the sole developer of the test. The GED test measures whether a person has the academic skills and knowledge expected of high school graduates in the United States or Canada, thus allowing adults who lack a high school diploma to certify that they possess the equivalent of a traditional high school education.
Since 1965, hundreds of vice presidents, deans, department chairs, faculty and other emerging leaders have participated in the ACE Fellows Program, which prepares senior leaders to serve American colleges and universities.
ACE's Higher Education for Development (HED) program supports the worldwide development goals of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), primarily by coordinating the involvement of the U.S. higher education community in addressing international development challenges.
ACE, Lumina Foundation for Education and the Ad Council launched the KnowHow2GO campaign in January 2007. This multiyear, multimedia effort includes television, radio and outdoor public service advertisements that encourage 8th through 10th graders to prepare for college using four simple steps.
Since 1945, ACE Military Programs have provided a collaborative link between the U. S. Department of Defense (DoD) and higher education through the review of military training and experiences for the award of equivalent college credits for members of the armed forces. Registrars, admissions officers, academic advisors, career counselors and DoD Voluntary Education professionals have a basis for recognizing military educational experiences in terms of civilian academic credit through the Military Guide Online.
History.
In 1918, 14 higher education associations formed an emergency council to ensure the U.S. had a ready supply of technically trained military personnel in World War I. In July, it adopted the name “American Council on Education” and invited institutions of higher education to join the Council.
Some other highlights of the Council’s history include:

</doc>
<doc id="9900746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900746" title="Auckland Central (New Zealand electorate)">
Auckland Central (New Zealand electorate)

Auckland Central is a New Zealand electoral division returning one member to the New Zealand House of Representatives. Its current representative is Nikki Kaye, a member of the National Party; she has represented the seat since 2008.
Population centres.
In the 1887 electoral redistribution, although the Representation Commission was required through the Representation Act 1887 to maintain existing electorates "as far as possible", rapid population growth in the North Island required the transfer of three seats from the South Island to the north. Ten new electorates were created, including Auckland Central, and one former electorate was recreated.
Auckland Central contains downtown Auckland, the suburbs of Ponsonby, Grey Lynn, Westmere, Arch Hill, Herne Bay, Freemans Bay, St Mary's Bay, Newton and Eden Terrace at the west side of the city. Because of the location of the main Auckland ferry terminal, Auckland Central also contains the islands of the Hauraki Gulf. At the 2008 election, Grafton became part of Epsom, and Point Chevalier moved into Mount Albert. To offset these changes, the suburb of Newton was drafted in from Mount Albert.
History.
Auckland Central was created ahead of the 1887 election; it was carved from parts of the electorates of Auckland North and the Auckland West and focused around upper Queen Street, Grafton, and Newton. It lasted only until the 1890 elections, when a reduction in the number of electorates meant Auckland Central was re-incorporated into single larger Auckland electorate. At the 1905 elections, the Auckland seat was split into three seats, including a recreated Auckland Central. 
The seat has been held by the Labour Party for most of its existence — between 1919 and 2008, the seat had spent only three years in the hands of another party (the left-wing Alliance, from 1993 to 1996). However, the 2008 election saw the National Party win the electorate for the first time. In 2011, the seat was held by National.
Members of Parliament.
Unless otherwise stated, all MPs terms began and ended at general elections.
Key
List MPs.
Members of Parliament elected from party lists in elections where that person also unsuccessfully contested the Auckland Central electorate. Unless otherwise stated, all MPs terms began and ended at general elections.
Key
Election results.
2011 election.
Electorate (as at 26 November 2011): 45,649

</doc>
<doc id="9900748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900748" title="Albert Hilton, Baron Hilton of Upton">
Albert Hilton, Baron Hilton of Upton

Albert Victor Hilton, Baron Hilton of Upton, JP (14 February 1908 – 3 May 1977) was a British farm labourer and trade union official who became a Labour Party Member of Parliament and later life peer.
Farming career.
Hilton was from a Norfolk family and was born in South Walsham. He attended an elementary school in Upton only before going to work as an agricultural labourer. He was an athletic youth who enjoyed playing football, including for the Norfolk county team in 1932. He was also a Methodist lay preacher from 1932. A member of the National Union of Agricultural Workers, he served as Swaffham Area Organiser for the union.
Labour Party official.
In 1936 Hilton, who was an active supporter of the Labour Party, became a full-time Party Agent for East Norfolk Constituency Labour Party. He was responsible for organising the campaign in the East Norfolk by-election of 1939. During the Second World War, Hilton served in the Royal Army Service Corps with the rank of Corporal. He married Nelly Simmons in 1944; they had two sons, both of whom predeceased him.
Trade Union official.
After the end of the war, Hilton moved on from the Labour Party to become an official of the National Union of Agricultural Workers. He was appointed as a Justice of the Peace in 1949, becoming Vice Chairman of the Swaffham Magistrates, and in 1951 was elected to Norfolk County Council.
By-election candidate.
The sitting Labour MP for the marginal South West Norfolk constituency, Sidney Dye, was killed in a car accident in December 1958. Hilton was chosen to defend the 193 vote majority in the seat, the first time he had fought a Parliamentary election. With a largely agricultural constituency, he concentrated on issues such as land nationalisation and abolition of tied cottages, and succeeded in winning by 1,354 votes. However, in the general election only a few months later, Hilton squeaked in by only 78 votes.
Political position.
Hilton proved a generally loyal MP. In his first months, he signed a motion opposing the stockpiling of United States nuclear weapons in the United Kingdom; on hearing that this stance was not endorsed by the leadership, he withdrew his signature. In the 1960 leadership election, he publicly backed Hugh Gaitskell. He remained involved in his union and in May 1960 was elected as first Vice President; at the end of 1960 Hilton was part of a six-member delegation to Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
In October 1961, Hilton was elected to the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party from the trade union section, replacing the previous nominee of the National Union of Agricultural Workers. In the 1963 Labour Party conference, he replied on behalf of the NEC to a debate on tied cottages, and accepted that a Labour government would make it impossible to evict the tenant of a tied cottage without providing alternative accommodation.
Defeat.
Hilton's agricultural constituency was trending away from Labour, against the national swing. At the 1964 general election, he was defeated by the Conservatives. He replaced Edwin Gooch, who had been Labour MP for North Norfolk until his death, as President of the National Union of Agricultural Workers. He was appointed as government member of the board of the British Sugar Corporation Ltd in 1965, and later that year on 11 May was created a life peer, taking the title Baron Hilton of Upton, of Swaffham in the County of Norfolk.
House of Lords.
He served as a Lord in Waiting (junior whip) in the House of Lords from 1966. He was also appointed to the East Anglia Economic Planning Council in 1966, and served as Chairman of the National Brotherhood Movement within the Methodist Church in 1967. In 1971, Lord Hilton broke the whip to vote in support of the British application to join the European Communities. His wife died on 3 September 1976, which devastated Hilton who was also suffering ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="9900787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900787" title="Parasto">
Parasto

Parasto , born Nooria is an Afghan singer. She has been a singer since the 70s and rose to fame with her former husband Rahim Mehryar.
Biography.
Parasto came from a very strict religious family from Kabul. She started her career with the song "Saqi" in the early 1970s on Radio Kabul. Parasto graduated from Zarghona Girls' High School in Kabul. Her most popular songs are "Juz Tu Zinda Am", "Zindaghi Yak Rahe Door", "Yak Shabe Baraani" and "Dil Aadam", which was composed by Waheed Qasimi. In December 2009, Parasto was awarded the title of "Sitara-e- Hunar" at the ATN Awards in Hamburg.
On 6 June 2010, Parasto's husband, Rahim Mehryar, died after suffering from cancer. Parasto returned to Afghanistan in November 2010 to perform for Afghans in Afghanistan and she was applauded by a lot of fans there.
Parasto has no new songs released in the past recent years, but keeps singing her older songs at concerts and award shows. She was criticised recently for her alcoholic misconduct during the Rumi Awards and for her rude remarks about singer Aryana Sayeed
She has a daughter, Shabana Mehryar, who has been trying also to get into music. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900795" title="Redux (adhesive)">
Redux (adhesive)

Redux is the generic name of a family of phenol–formaldehyde/polyvinyl–formal adhesives developed by Aero Research Limited (ARL) at Duxford, UK, in the 1940s, subsequently produced by Ciba (ARL). The brand name is now also used for a range of epoxy and bismaleimide adhesives manufactured by Hexcel. The name is a contraction of "REsearch at DUXford".
History.
Devised at ARL by Dr. Norman de Bruyne and George Newell in 1941 for use in the aircraft industry, the adhesive is used for the bonding of metal-to-metal and metal-to-wood structures. The adhesive system comprises a liquid phenolic resin and a PVF (PolyVinylFormal) thermoplastic powder.
The first formulation available was Redux Liquid E/Formvar, comprising a phenolic liquid (Redux Liquid E) and a PVF powder (Formvar), and after its initial non-aviation related application of bonding clutch plates on Churchill and Cromwell tanks, it was used by de Havilland from 1943 to the early 1960s, on, among other aircraft, the Hornet, the Comet and the derived Nimrod, and the Dove, Heron and Trident. It was also used by Vickers on the Viking and by Chance Vought on the F7U Cutlass.
Typically, Redux would be used to affix stiffening stringers and doublers to wing and fuselage panels, the resulting panel being both stronger and lighter than a riveted structure. In the case of the Hornet it was used to join the aluminium lower-wing skin to the wooden upper wing structure, and in the fabrication of the aluminium/wood main wing spar, both forms of composite construction made possible by the advent of Redux. 
After initially supplying de Havilland only, ARL subsequently produced a refined form of "Redux Liquid E/Formvar" using a new liquid component known as Redux Liquid K6, and a finer-grade (smaller particle-size) PVF powder, and this was later made generally available to the wider aircraft industry as Redux Liquid 775/Powder 775, so-named because it was sold for aircraft use to specification DTD 775*. Available for general non-aerospace use it was called Redux Liquid K6/Powder C. 
"Redux Liquid 775/Powder 775" was joined in 1954 by the subsequent Redux Film 775 system, used from 1962 by de Havilland (later Hawker Siddeley and subsequently British Aerospace) on the DH.125 and DH.146. Other users included Bristol (on the Britannia), SAAB (on the Lansen & Draken), Fokker (on the F.27), Sud Aviation (on the Alouette II/III), Breguet and Fairchild, the film-form having the advantage of greater gap-filling ability with no loss of strength over "Redux Liquid 775/Powder 775", allowing for wider tolerances in component-fit, as well as easier handling and use and controlled ratios of the liquid/powder components. 
Other Redux adhesives available included "Redux 64", a solution of the phenolic liquid and PVF powder, used world-wide for bonding linings to brake shoes, pads and clutches.
The Redux range was subsequently expanded to include the current range of adhesives, both in single and two part paste systems and film forms, for both aerospace and industrial uses.
Usage.
To use Redux in its liquid/powder form, a thin film of the phenolic liquid is applied to both mating surfaces and then dusted-with or dipped-in the PVF powder to give an approximate ratio by weight of 1 part liquid to 2 parts powder. The coated joints are then allowed to stand for not less than 30 minutes and not more than 72 hours before the components are brought together under elevated pressure and temperature. The curing process is by condensation and a typical figure for "Redux Liquid 775/Powder 775" is 30 minutes at 145 °C (293 °F) under a pressure of 100 lbf/in2 (690 kPa). This is not critical and variations in curing-time and/or temperature may be used to increase shear and creep strength at temperatures above 60 °C (140 °F). Extending the curing-cycle gives benefits in fatigue strength at some cost in the room-temperature peel strength, the practical limit for aluminium alloys being approx 170 °C (338 °F) for one hour, due to the possibility of affecting the alloy's mechanical properties.
Performance (typical) Redux 775.
Strength of bonds to materials other than aluminium: 
Tensile shear of 0.5 inch (12.7 mm) lap joints at room temperature:
1 = HK31A-H24
2 = ICI Titanium 130

</doc>
<doc id="9900800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900800" title="Acrochordiceras">
Acrochordiceras

Acrochordiceras is a Middle Triassic ammonoid cephalopod belonging to the ceratitid family Acrochordiceratidae, included in the superfamily Ceratitaceae. 
The shell of "Acrochordiceras", as with the family, is more or less involute with strong, almost transverse, ribs that cross the arched venter uninterrupted. The ventral lobe is bifid. The first lateral lobe is larger than the other and is multi-pronged. Prongs on subsequent smaller lobes are less developed and saddles are small and rounded. 
"Acrochordiceras" was described by Hyatt in 1877 and is known from Eurasia, Timur, California and Nevada. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900806" title="Acrioceras">
Acrioceras

Acrioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900808" title="Acrimeroceras">
Acrimeroceras

Acrimeroceras is an oxyconic Devonian gonitite and one of three genera included in the subfamily Paratornoceratinae. The others being "Paratornoceras" and "Paratoceras" or "ex" "Polonites".
"Acrimeroceras" has a shell like that of "Paratornoceras" with biconvex growth lines and constrictions and simple dorsal lobe. The adult shell is extremely compressed, smooth, oxyconic to lanceolate in section. Early growth stages are depressed, subglobular, smooth or ribbled, with an open umbilcus and rounded to suboxyconic venter, which sharpens relatively early during ontogeny. Sutural elements in general are broadly rounded except for the lateral lobe which is pointed and asymmetric.

</doc>
<doc id="9900809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900809" title="Aconeceras">
Aconeceras

Aconiceras is an early Cretaceous ammonite included in the oppeliid subfamily Aconeceratidae, characterized by an involute, high-whorled, flat-sided shell that bears a finely serrate keel along the venter. Sutures have narrower and deeper elements than in "Protaconeceras". "Aconeceras" has been found in western Europe, South Africa, and eastern Australia. Its stratigraphic range is from the Upper Barramian to the Lower Albian. 
References.
Arkell et al., 1957 Mesozoic Ammonoidea, Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology Part L. Geol Society of America and Univ Kansas Press R.C Moore (ed) 1957 <br>
Aconeceratinae

</doc>
<doc id="9900812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900812" title="Acompsoceras">
Acompsoceras

Acompsoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. It grew to a large size compared to most ammonites. Its shell reached in diameter when the animal reached adulthood. "Acompsoceras" appears in the fossil record during the early portion of the Cretaceous Cenomanian stage and goes extinct around the middle of that same stage.
Classification.
"Acompsoceras" is in the same family as "Acanthoceras", the Acanthoceratidae, and contains several species:

</doc>
<doc id="9900813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900813" title="Acanthoscaphites">
Acanthoscaphites

Acanthoscaphites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. The average diameter of its shell was approximately three fourths of an inch, but some specimens have been found with a diameter of slightly over two inches.
Classification.
"Acanthoscaphites" was first described by Schluter in 1872. Subsequent taxonomic revisions may have rendered "Acanthoscaphites" synonymous with "Scaphites" and "Trachyscaphites". Little information is available regarding the validity or synonymy of the Acanthoscaphites genus, so this page may be inaccurate. Please use caution when referring to this article.
Species.
Note: "A. nodosa" and "A. nodosus" may be misspellings of the same name.
Biogeography.
"Acanthoscaphites" was a widespread genus during Campanian and Maastrichtian times, approximately 80 million years ago. Its remains can be found in rocks of that age from many countries, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="9900815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900815" title="Acanthoplites">
Acanthoplites

Acanthoplites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. Like many other Ammonites, "Acanthoplites" was a marine nektonic carnivore.
Fossil Record.
The most commonly preserved remains of "Acanthoplites" are the animals' shells, which were composed of Aragonite. This animal first appears in rocks dating to the late Aptian portion of the Cretaceous Period. This means that "Acanthoplites" fossils are 112-125 million years old. No fossils of "Acanthoplites" have been found post-dating the Aptian. Remains from this genus have been found on multiple continents in the nations of Mexico, Argentina, Morocco and South Africa

</doc>
<doc id="9900817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900817" title="Acanthopleuroceras">
Acanthopleuroceras

Acanthopleuroceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900820" title="KEPCO">
KEPCO

KEPCO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9900824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900824" title="Mark Seliger">
Mark Seliger

Mark Seliger (born 1959) is an American photographer noted for his portraiture.
Seliger was born in Amarillo, Texas, the son of Maurice and Carol Lee. The family moved to Houston in 1964. He attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston, and Texas A&M University Commerce. He moved to New York City in 1984. He began working for "Rolling Stone" in 1987, and served as its chief photographer from 1992 to 2002 and shot more than 100 covers for the magazine. As of 2010, Seliger lives in New York City, and works for Conde Nast Publications. He has shot a number of covers for "GQ" and "Vanity Fair". 
Seliger has also published several books; created a number of CD covers for Burning Spear, Diana Krall and other bands; and directed short films. The celebrities whose portraits Seliger has made include Susan Sarandon, David Byrne, Matthew Barney, Willie Nelson, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Kurt Cobain, Rob Thomas and Tony Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="9900827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900827" title="Buccinum">
Buccinum

Buccinum is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Snails in this genus are commonly called whelks, a name shared with several related and unrelated species. The common whelk "Buccinum undatum" is the most common representative of the genus in the northern Atlantic Ocean.
Description.
The soft body is elongated and spiral. It shows two tapering, depressed tentacles, each of which bears on a lobe at the base a very small eye. The mantle forms a thin-edged flap over the branchial cavity. The long, annulated proboscis of the mouth is cylindrical. The proboscis is armed with minute teeth. The radula acts as a rasp. The foot is large and subelliptical. 
The shell is ovate and elongated. The spire is moderate and pointed. The aperture is oval or oblong with a deep notch anteriorly. The columella is plain or callous. The outer lip is plain. The thin, horny operculum is ovate and concentrically striate.
All animals are carnivores and scavengers, feeding on dead or damaged marine animals. They have the power of perforating molluscs and crustacea.
Species.
Species in the genus "Buccinum" include:

</doc>
<doc id="9900830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900830" title="Financial forecast">
Financial forecast

A financial forecast is an estimate of future financial outcomes for a company or country (for futures and currency markets). Using historical internal accounting and sales data, in addition to external market and economic indicators, a financial forecast is an economist's best guess of what will happen to a company in financial terms over a given time period—which is usually one year. See Financial modeling.
Arguably, the most difficult aspect of preparing a financial forecast is predicting revenue. Future costs can be estimated by using historical accounting data; variable costs are also a function of sales.
Unlike a financial plan or a budget a financial forecast doesn't have to be used as a planning document. Outside analysts can use a financial forecast to estimate a company's success in the coming year.

</doc>
<doc id="9900835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900835" title="Ed Weichers">
Ed Weichers

Eddie Weichers has been the head boxing coach at the United States Air Force Academy since 1976, and has led the Academy's boxing team to 18 national collegiate boxing championships.
As a collegian, Coach Weichers left football to take up boxing. He eventually won the 190-pound championship for West Chester University in 1973. He started as an assistant coach at his alma mater when, in 1976, was offered the coaching job at the Air Force Academy. Under Coach Weichers' leadership, the Academy has produced 258 All-American boxers, 96 individual national champions, and 18 national championship teams. For 27 years, from 1980 to 2007, his teams never finished lower than second in the nation.
Weichers has conducted coaching seminars throughout the world, including clinics in Australia, Guatemala, New Zealand, Jamaica, Tahiti and Granada. While working as a boxing clinician for the Olympic Solidarity Boxing Program, he was selected to coach the Australian Olympic Boxing team, which competed in the 1984 games in Los Angeles. He also served as trainer and coach for Australia's professional world champions, Jeff Fenech and Jeff Harding. He has served as president and vice-president of the National Collegiate Boxing Association (NCBA).
Originally from New Orleans, Weichers holds a bachelor's of science degree in health and physical education from West Chester and a master's in arts and sports sciences from the University of Denver. In addition to coaching, he is also an associate professor in the physical education department at the Air Force Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="9900866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900866" title="Karapadites">
Karapadites

Karapadites is an extinct ammonoid genus belonging to the desmoceratacean family Kossmaticeratidae and considered by some to be a subgenus of "Kossmaticeras".
"Karapadites" (="K"("Karapadites")) which lived during the Late Cretaceous in the late Campanian has a strongly ribbed evolute shell, all whorls exposed, ribs crossing the rounded outer rim, or venter. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900868" title="Karangatites">
Karangatites

Karangatites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900870" title="Karamaites">
Karamaites

Karamites is an extinct cephalopoda genus belonging to the Ammonoidea and included in the hoplitacean family Placenticeratidae. 
"Karamites" lived during the latest Albian (late early Cretaceous), derived from "Semenoviceras". It is the typical form for Central Asia where it occurs with members of the Hoplitidae, e.g. "Anahoplites". It is also the direct ancestor of Late Cretaceous placenticeratids such as "Placenticeras" and "Hypengonoceras". 

</doc>
<doc id="9900872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900872" title="Karamaiceras">
Karamaiceras

Karamaiceras is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the Ammonoidea that lived during the Early Cretaceous. Its shell is involute, smooth and rather compressed, with the outer whorl strongly embracing the inner whorls. Sides are flattish to slightly convex and slope inwardly toward a narrowly rounded venter.

</doc>
<doc id="9900874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900874" title="Karagandoceras">
Karagandoceras

Karagandoceras is an ammonoid genus belonging to the goniatid family Karagandoceratidae that lived during the early Mississippian (lowerCarboniferous).
"Karagandoceras" has an involute, lenticular shell, with an acute ventral margin. The ventral lobe of the suture is wide with subparallel to divergent sides, divided by a median saddle with a relatively wide median lobe. 
Karagandoceratids, which include "Karagandoceras" and "Mesonoceras" are a rare offshoot of the Prionorceratinae that differ from their parent group by possession of an acute ventral margin and an increasingly trifid ventral lobe.

</doc>
<doc id="9900877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900877" title="Kammerkaroceras">
Kammerkaroceras

Kammerkaroceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900881" title="Kamerunoceras">
Kamerunoceras

Kamerunoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonite family Acanthoceratidae found in Upper Cretaceous formations of Nigeria and North America. 
"Kamerunoceras", named by Reyment in 1954, is included tentatively in the acanthoceratid subfamily Mammitinae according to W.J. Arkell,"et al" (1957). It is described as being very evolute with a rectangular whorl section and umbilical tubercles only in the middle growth section. Ventrolateral tubercles, found mostly throughout, are spinose. Ribs are irregular, straight at first, becoming denser and sigmoid on the outer whorl.

</doc>
<doc id="9900885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900885" title="Kabylites">
Kabylites

Kabylites is a narrow, straight shelled Lower Cretaceous ancyloceratid resembling "Bochianites" in general form. "Kabylites" differs from "Bochianites" in having an umbilical lobe more or less the same size as the first lateral lobe. In "Bochianites" the umbilical lobe is much reduced in size. 
"Kabylites", which is known from Europe, north Africa, and Japan, also follows "Bochianites" sequentially, first appearing in the Barremian and continuing into the Lower Aptian. "Bochianites" lasted from the Tithonian at the end of the Jurassic to the Hauterivian which just precedes the Barremian.

</doc>
<doc id="9900910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900910" title="Boo Hoo the Bear">
Boo Hoo the Bear

Boo Hoo the Bear is the mascot of Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario. Boo Hoo wears a vest and tam in the Royal Stewart tartan.
History.
Originally, Boo Hoo was a real bear which was paraded around at football games and kept in the basement of Grant Hall. The first bear was a pet of Bill Hughes who brought him to Queen's when he was hired as a boxing trainer. The bear was popular enough to have : "Boo-Hoo's march for piano", "Boo Hoo's Queen's Dominion Victory March" (1922) and "The Mascot: Boo Hoo's March to Queen's Rugby Team" composed for it by Oscar Telgmann in Toronto in the 1920s.
This was the first of a succession of 5 bears who lived at the stadium until the 1950s.
The mascot was revived in its present form in the 1980s by the Queen's Bands Cheerleaders and is currently in his eighth incarnation, giving him the full title of "King Boo Hoo the eighth". He is seen often around the Queen's campus, at the Queen's Gaels football games, frosh week and homecoming, and has been on the cover of several issues of "Golden Words".

</doc>
<doc id="9900916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900916" title="Acutimitoceras">
Acutimitoceras

Acutimitoceras is a genus belonging to the Acutimitoceratinae subfamily of the Prionoceratidae family, a member of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900933" title="Adkinsia">
Adkinsia

Adkinsia is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900944" title="Adkinsites">
Adkinsites

Adkinsites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900948" title="Adrianites">
Adrianites

Adrianites is an extinct genus of the Adrianitidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopodes, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900951" title="USNS Point Barrow (T-AKD-1)">
USNS Point Barrow (T-AKD-1)

The USNS "Point Barrow" (T-AKD-1) was a one-of-a-kind "Cargo Ship Dock." She was the lone ship in her class, named for Point Barrow (the northernmost point in Alaska above the Arctic Circle).
"Point Barrow" was laid down 18 September 1956 by Maryland Drydock and Shipbuilding Company of Baltimore, Maryland; launched 25 May 1957; sponsored by Mrs. Ruthven E. Libbey; and delivered to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) 28 May 1958, where she was placed in service the following day. Especially designed for Arctic operations, "Point Barrow" was constructed along the general lines of a landing ship dock, but with strengthened hull and bow, and special insulation. After providing logistic support for U.S. forces in the Arctic, in 1962, "Point Barrow" transported huge fixed array radar antennas for the USS "Enterprise" and USS "Long Beach" to the East Coast.
After extensive modification in June, 1965 "Point Barrow" carried Saturn rockets from California to Cape Kennedy for NASA’s manned space flight program. T–AKD–1 also ferried LCMs to Southeast Asia in 1968 and 1969. Reclassified a "Deep Submergence Support Ship" and renamed USS "Point Loma" (AGDS-2) "circa" 1974, she was ultimately placed out of service and struck from the Naval Vessel Register 28 September 1993. Custody was transferred to the Maritime Administration for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay in Benecia, California. "Point Loma" was scrapped by Marine Metal Inc. of Brownsville, Texas on 27 October 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="9900953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900953" title="Aegasteroceras">
Aegasteroceras

Aegasteroceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900959" title="College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry">
College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry

College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9900962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900962" title="Aegoceras">
Aegoceras

Aegoceras is an evolutely wound ammmonite, with wide spaced ribs, from the Early Jurassic (England) included in the Liparoceratidae and superfamily Eoderoceratidae. Related genera are "Leparoceras" and "Beaniceras". 

</doc>
<doc id="9900967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900967" title="Acuticostites">
Acuticostites

Acuticostites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900975" title="Aegocrioceras">
Aegocrioceras

Aegocrioceras is an extinct ammonite genus of cephalopod from the Lower Cretaceous included in the Ammonitida. It is known from northern Europe. 
"Aegocrioceras" is coiled in an open planispiral; whorls are strongly ribbed and bear spines on the outer shoulders (ventro-lateral) of the inner whorls. "Aegocrioceras" is similar to the earlier Upper Valanginian "Juddiceras" of Germany and to the later "Shasticrioceras" from the Barremian of California and Japan. 
"Aegocrioceras" was placed in the "Crioceratidae" (Ancyloceratidae, Crioceratinae) in Part L of the American Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology published in 1957. Since then it has been reassigned to the Aegocrioceratidae which is included in the superfamily Protancyloceratoidea. 
References.
W.J Arkell, et al. 1957. Mesozoic Ammonoidea; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part L. Geological Society of America and University of Kansas Press.

</doc>
<doc id="9900978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900978" title="The Miracle of Shame">
The Miracle of Shame

The Miracle of Shame is an EP by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 2000 by Lookout! Records. It is the band's only release to include bassist Gabe Meline as an official member, though he had previously recorded with the band in a studio capacity on the 1999 album "Alcatraz". Meline replaced bassist Joel Reader, who left the group after the recording of "Alcatraz". "The Miracle of Shame" also includes Erik Noyes on hammond organ, who had recorded with the band on "Revenge is Sweet, and So Are You" and "Alcatraz" but had never been an official member. He joined the band officially for touring in the Summer of 1999 but did not stay with the group long.

</doc>
<doc id="9900979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900979" title="Aegolytoceras">
Aegolytoceras

Aegolytoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9900981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900981" title="Aenigmatoceras">
Aenigmatoceras

Aenigmatoceras is a genus of ammonite cephalopod from the Carboniferous of Russia. It is tentatively placed within the family Cravenoceratidae based on similarities with "Tympanoceras". 

</doc>
<doc id="9900989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9900989" title="Acuariceras">
Acuariceras

Acuariceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901000" title="Eleuterio Pagliano">
Eleuterio Pagliano

Eleuterio Pagliano (2 May 1826 – 5 January 1903) was an Italian painter of the Romantic period as well as an activist and fighter of the "Risorgimento".
Biography.
Pagliano was born in Casale Monferrato in the Kingdom of Sardinia and studied at the Brera Academy in Milan until 1848. He initially trained with Giuseppe Sogni, then under the neoclassic painter Luigi Sabatelli. He began his artistic career with paintings in a distinctly Neoclassical style, but very quickly he was won over to Romanticism, as championed then in Milan by Hayez and Tranquillo Cremona. He painted the "Death of Luciano Manara".
He again joined the "Risorgimento" included joining the popular revolt against the Austrian garrison in Milan known as the "cinque giornate" of 1848. He joined the Bersaglieri di Manara in the defense of the Republic of Rome in 1848, but returned to painting by 1851. The urge to battle resumed in 1859, when he rejoined the army fighting in Lombardy.
Again returning to art after his stint in the militias, he painted "Presa del cimitero di Solferino", a battle in which he participated. In 1872, his painting of "Maramaldo" (referring to Fabrizio Maramaldo), awarded a prize at the Milan Exhibition, was sold to the Khedive of Egypt. Pagliano also won prizes for works at the 1867 Exhibitions of Parma, Turin, and Paris, and a gold medal at the Berlin Exhibition. Among his main works are: "La Ragione di Stato (Reasons of State)"; "The Divorce of Napoleon I"; "Tintoretto paints his dead daughter's portrait";" L'inventario (The inventory)"; "La lezione di geografia (Geography Lesson)"; "San Luigi", and the large canvas of "Il passaggio del Ticino" (1859) commissioned by Antonio Traversi of Verona. He painted large tempera paintings for the first class waiting room at the train station of Milan. He also helped decorate theaters in Como and Verona. He was made an official in the Order of the Crown of Italy, Knight of the Order of Saints Maurizio e Lazzaro, knighted by King Leopold of Belgium, and knighted with the Legion d'Onore, and as a Commendatore of the Order of the Medjidie by the Ottoman rulers of Egypt.
Other painters who joined Garibaldi were Giuseppe Sogni, Gerolamo Induno, Paolo Calvi, and Sebastiano de Albertis. His artworks too—including a portrait of Garibaldi and a six-meter-wide painting (pictured) of the disembarkment of Garibaldi and his “Hunters of the Alps” at Sesto Calende on Lake Maggiore—reflected his patriotic involvement in the Italian Wars of Independence.
Later in his life, Pagliano became a teacher and counted among his pupils the painters Pompeo Mariani, Spartaco Vela, and Uberto Dell’Orto.
Eleuterio Pagliano died in Milan at the age of 75. During his lifetime his paintings had failed to make a great stir; however, his reputation increased when, shortly after his death, an exhibition in his honor was mounted in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="9901003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901003" title="Cerbera manghas">
Cerbera manghas

Cerbera manghas (sea mango) is a small evergreen coastal tree growing up 12 m tall. The shiny dark-green leaves are alternate, ovoid in shape. The flowers are fragrant, possessing a white tubular 5 lobed corolla about 3 to 5 cm in diameter, with a pink to red throat. They have 5 stamens and the ovary is positioned above the other flower parts. The fruits are egg-shaped, 5 to 10 cm long, and turn bright red at maturity.
Description.
"Cerbera manghas" is naturally distributed from the Seychelle Islands in the Indian Ocean eastward to French Polynesia. It occupies coastal habitats and is often associated with mangrove forests.
This tree has been introduced to Hawaii and other tropical locations as an ornamental. 
Poison.
The leaves and the fruits contain the potent cardiac glycoside cerberin, which is extremely poisonous if ingested. People in olden times used the sap of the tree as a poison for animal hunting. The fruit was reportedly eaten to commit suicide in the Marquesas Islands.
Mythology.
Because of its deadly poisonous seeds, the genus name is derived from Cerberus, the hell dog from the Greek mythology, thus indicating the toxicity of the seeds. In Madagascar, the seeds were used in sentence rituals to poison kings and queens.
Uses.
In Sri Lanka, this wood is used for making masks particularly because it is a light wood.

</doc>
<doc id="9901034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901034" title="Zenostephanus">
Zenostephanus

Zenostephanus is true ammonite genus from the lower part of the Upper Jurassic of eastern England and Scotland belonging to the ammonitid family, Perisphinctidae.
"Zenostephanus" is revised from "Xenostephanus", a preoccupied name for a new genus of toxodont notoungulate from Argentina. The type is "Aulacostephanus ranbyensis"

</doc>
<doc id="9901039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901039" title="Xipheroceras">
Xipheroceras

Xipheroceras is a Lower Jurassic ammonite belonging to the Eoderoceratidae, and sometimes placed in the subfamily Xipheroceratinae for which it is the namesake. It has been found in the upper Sinemurian (about mid L Jurassic) of Europe and possibly Borneo. 
"Xipheroceras", named by Buckman, 1911, has an evolute shell, all whorls clearly exposed, only very slightly impressed dorsally (on the inside curvature). Inner and middle whorls have strong ribs with large spines at the outer ends. Outer whorls have closer simpler ribs. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901045" title="Xiphogymnites">
Xiphogymnites

Xiphogymnites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Triassic included in the family Gymnitidae. It is known from the Balkans in eastern Europe.
The shell is similar to that of "Gymnites", smooth, evolute, whorl section oval, venter arched, suture ammonitic, except that it has a row of tubercles on the venter followed by constrictions. Both genera are included in the Pinacoceratoidea. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901054" title="Xenodrepanites">
Xenodrepanites

Xenodrepanites is an extent ammonoid cephalopod genus belonging to the Ceratitida from the Upper Triassic of the Himalayas. "Xenodrepanites" has a very compressed, discoidal shell with a ventral furrow bordered by crenulated keels and a sub-ammonitic suture.
Some put "Xenodrepanites" in the Clydonitacan family, Cyrtopleuritidae instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9901060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901060" title="Xenodiscus">
Xenodiscus

Xenodiscus is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus and one of the earliest ceratites, found in the Upper Permian of northern India and Timor. "Xenodiscus" is included in the family Xenodiscidae which is part of the ceratite superfamily Xenodiscaceae
"Xenodiscus" has a thinly discoidal and ribbed shell with ceratitic sutures, coiled so all whorls are exposed. The whorl section is subquadrate and compressed, so as to be narrower than high. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901063" title="Xenocephalites">
Xenocephalites

Xenocephalites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the late Middle Jurassic belonging to the stephanoceratoid family Macrocephalitidae. It is known from southern Alaska, Greenland, Mexico, and Argentina. 
"Xenocephalites" can be recognized by its coarsly ribbed, prominently umbilicate, involute shell where in ribs are widely splayed, tending to bifurcate high on the flanks. "Macrocephalites" is similar except that its ribbing is finer and more dense. In both the ribbing crosses uninterrupted over the venter.

</doc>
<doc id="9901065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901065" title="Xenoceltites">
Xenoceltites

Xenoceltites is an extinct ceratite ammonite found world wide in the Lower Triassic. "Xenoceltites" belongs to the Xenoceltitidae, a taxonomic family within the ceratites that with two others now form the superfamily Xenodiscaceae. One of the earliest ceratites, Xenoceltities has a narrow planospiral shell with a compressed whorl section, that has a suture with 2 weakly toothed lateral lobes and irregular ribbing . 

</doc>
<doc id="9901067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901067" title="Fight Network">
Fight Network

Fight Network is a Canadian English-language Category B specialty channel devoted to airing programming related to mixed martial arts, boxing, kickboxing, wrestling and other combatant styles. Along with live fighting events, Fight Network airs fight-themed movies, documentaries, television series, news and fitness-related shows. Fight Network also offers online streaming in the U.S. on NeuLion. Fight Network is owned by Anthem Media Group Inc.
History.
Fight Network, founded by Mike R. Garrow, gained approval for operation from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) in January 2004. The channel was granted approval under the name "TFN - The Fight Network", however, it was launched on September 22, 2005 as the Fight Network, commonly abbreviated as "TFN". BlackOut Communications originally owned TFN; however, after several organizational restructurings, Fight Media Inc. owns and operates Fight Network.
On December 11, 2010, Fight Network announced Canadian business entrepreneur and former Canwest CEO Leonard Asper as the new Chief Executive Officer after he secured a significant ownership stake in the company.
In April 2011, the channel rebranded itself by introducing a new logo, a new on-air identity, and a name change, dropping the word "The" from its title and renaming itself "Fight Network".
Fight Network broadcasts across Canada via numerous cable and satellite providers, including Rogers, Shaw, Vidéotron and Sasktel. In November 2012, Fight Network announced an expansion into the U.S. market, launching subscription services for live online streaming of the channel on NeuLion.
In August 2012, Fight Network relaunched its website FightNetwork.com with Grand Creative. In addition to providing programming information, Fight Network's website features news, videos, podcasts and fantasy games. Fight Network is also active on major social media platforms, including YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Vimeo and Pinterest.
FN operates as an official content-partner with FOXSports.com. FN also distributes content to mobile providers across Canada through QuickPlay.
In 2009 FN teamed up with Mobile Fringe to launch an iPhone application. In September 2012, Fight Network announced a partnership with Polar Mobile to launch new applications across numerous platforms, including iPhone, iPad, Android, Windows and Blackberry.
In February 2013, Fight Media launched a high definition simulcast of their standard definition feed on cable called Fight Network HD.
International expansion.
FN's first international agreement was with American IPTV provider, Backspace. FN launched on their system in the United States in 2007; however, after several months, Backspace removed FN from its systems.
In keeping with its plans to expand internationally, FN opened a South American office in Ecuador to continue its planned global expansion in that region. However, as of April 2011, FN has not commenced operations in South America. In 2008, FN purchased TWC Fight! based in the U.K. and subsequently renamed the network "The Fight Network UK". The U.K.-based network was shut down on December 1, 2008.
In November 2012, Fight Network expanded into the U.S. market, launching subscription services for live online streaming of the channel on NeuLion.
On January 11, 2013, Fight Network's parent company Anthem Media Group Inc. announced a significant equity investment in Pursuit Channel, the largest U.S. outdoor television network focused primarily in the hunting and fishing space. The investment included the purchase of shares from shareholders, as well as from the Treasury, resulting in a cash injection into the company. In February 2013, Fight Network announced a two-hour dedicated programming block Monday nights on Pursuit Channel, available in 38 million homes.
On February 15, 2013, Fight Network launched with Angola-based operator ZAP, making the channel available to its subscriber base in Angola and Mozambique.
On March 19, 2013, Fight Network launched in Portugal on ZON with the network becoming available to its significant subscriber base in Europe.
On March 23, 2013, Fight Network announced an expansion to Turkey. Fight Network HD is available in Turkey on D-Smart.
On August 13, 2013, Fight Network announced its agreement to launch in Belgium on Telenet, making it the fifth new territory to launch the channel in 2013.
In December 2013, Fight Network announced that it had reached a deal with OSN to launch OSN Fight Network HD on its systems in the Middle East and Africa.
In June 2014, Fight Network launched in standard definition in the New York metropolitan area on Cablevision.
FN Programming.
News and Original.
Fight Network produces several weekly news shows, including:
FN also broadcasts live weigh-ins and press conferences for major boxing fights and UFC events.
FN airs UFC Countdown and UFC Primetime shows leading up to all major pay-per-view events.
Mixed Martial Arts.
Fight Network's live mixed martial arts programming includes:
Other international MMA promotions aired on FN include M-1 Challenge from Russia and the Netherlands, Ultimate Challenge MMA from the U.K., Extreme Fighting Championship Africa, Super Fight League from India, as well as DEEP, Pancrase and female league Jewels from Japan. Fight Network's "Fighting Spirit MMA" series features compilations from numerous global mixed martial arts organizations, including Cage Warriors, BAMMA, ONE FC, KSW, Combato Extreme, Final Fight Championship, WFC, Super Fight League and EFC Africa.
Other North American MMA promotions aired on FN include leading Canadian MMA promotion Maximum Fighting Championship, all-female promotion Invicta Fighting Championships, Florida-based Xtreme Fighting Championships, Texas Fight Night from the Lone Star State, Jimmy Burchfield's CES MMA, as well as Canadian organizations Instinct MMA, Ringside MMA, SLAMM: Tristar Fights, Battlefield Fight League, Hard Knocks Fighting Championship, Aggression Fighting Championship and Rumble in the Cage.
FN airs several "Best Of" shows, including Best of TKO Major League MMA, Best of Cage Rage, Best of SportFight, Best of XFO and Best of Gladiator Challenge. They profile classic fights and fighters from international and regional mixed martial arts organizations, featuring the likes of Georges St-Pierre and Anderson Silva.
FN's "From The Vault" archive includes fights from International Vale Tudo Championship and MECA in Brazil, Maximum Fighting Championship in Canada, as well as King of the Cage, BodogFight, Rumble on the Rock, Ring of Fire and Tuff-N-Uff.
Boxing.
Fight Network's live boxing programming includes:
Other boxing programming broadcast on FN:
FN's "From The Vault" archive includes fights from Showtime Championship Boxing, , Solo Boxeo Tecate, Warriors Boxing, United Promotions, KZ Event Productions, Ballroom Boxing, 12 Round Promotions and Legends of the Ring.
Kickboxing.
Fight Network's live kickboxing programming includes:
FN's "From The Vault" archive includes fights from K-1, K-1 MAX, Strykerz: Shin Do Kumate, Superleague and PowerPlay Promotions.
Other Traditional.
Fight Network broadcasts live judo and karate tournaments:
Professional Wrestling.
FN's pro wrestling programming includes:
FN's "From The Vault" archive includes matches from TNA Wrestling, Dragon Gate USA, Pro Wrestling NOAH and Best of Memphis and St. Louis Wrestling.
Reality.
FN's reality shows include:
Films.
In November 2012, FN announced a TV deal with Twentieth Century Fox to air award-winning movies. Here are some of the titles:
Documentaries.
FN has aired numerous fight-themed documentaries:
On radio.
On May 23, 2013, Fight Network launched three weekly talk shows on SiriusXM's Canada Talks.
In addition to Live Audio Wrestling on SiriusXM, the following shows were launched:

</doc>
<doc id="9901069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901069" title="Paradoxididae">
Paradoxididae

Paradoxididaeis a family of trilobites, containing the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="9901078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901078" title="Spaceman (Babylon Zoo song)">
Spaceman (Babylon Zoo song)

"Spaceman" is the début single by British band Babylon Zoo, taken from the album "The Boy with the X-Ray Eyes". Featuring heavily distorted guitars and metallic, robotic-sounding vocals, it went straight to Number 1 on the UK Singles Chart on 21 January 1996 after being featured in a popular Levi's jeans TV advert in late 1995. The band's subsequent releases failed to repeat its success.
The song was the seventh to reach number one after being featured in a Levi advert.
Song history.
Promotional copies of "Spaceman" had been distributed, and the Arthur Baker remix was chosen to tie in with the release on 1 December 1995 of a new UK Levi's jeans TV advert titled "Planet" which was directed by Vaughan Arnell and Anthea Benton. The advertisement concentrated on Baker's speeded-up vocal section at the beginning and end of the song.
The initial intro to "Spaceman" on the promotional copies, before it was used for the advert, featured Mann's whispering vocals of "I killed your mother, I killed your sister, I killed you all." These lyrics were later taken out of the song and replaced with the more radio-friendly Arthur Baker introduction; although, the "I killed you all" lyric is still buried in the song. There was a lower budget video made for this version.
In 2006 "Spaceman" featured on trailers for Ant and Dec's film "Alien Autopsy", the BBC's children's channel, CBeebies for the animated pre-school series "Lunar Jim", and Network Ten's advertisement for "Battlestar Galactica". "Spaceman" is also used in "Eesti otsib superstaari" (Pop Idol Estonia). "Spaceman" is also featured in E4's My Mad Fat Diary in the episode "Ladies and Gentlemen" during the scene where Rae and Finn begin their drive to Knebworth.
Chart performance and sales.
The single charted at no. 1 in the UK Singles Chart, selling 420,000 copies in its first week. It became the fastest-selling UK single in over thirty years since The Beatles' "Can't Buy Me Love". "Spaceman" became a number one chart hit in 23 countries including the UK. As of November 2012, "Spaceman" was the 74th best-selling single in UK history, selling 1.14 million copies.
Reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic called the song a "bizarre, tuneless collage of hip-hop rhythms, techno keyboards and alternative guitars", that "didn't have any tangible hook to make it memorable". Chuck Eddy at "Entertainment Weekly" described the song's "futuristic kitsch" as "both funny and seductive."
MTV UK ranked "Spaceman" as the #24 single of the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9901118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901118" title="Day One (band)">
Day One (band)

Day One is a British band. Originally signed to Massive Attack’s label Melankolic, they released their debut album ‘Ordinary Man’ in 2000 to international success.
Day One consists of vocalist Phelim Byrne and multi-instrumentalist/producer Matthew Hardwidge. The duo began collaborating in the mid-1990s, blending the storytelling traditions of hip-hop and British folk with a slew of musical influences.
They were fortunate enough to find a collaborator in Mario Caldato Jr of Beastie Boys and Beck, and he has co produced all of their output to date.
They released their second LP probably art in 2007
Day One’s diversity is reflected in the various TV and Movie soundtracks in which their music has featured, including "Cruel Intentions", "Six Feet Under", "Skins", and most recently "Easy A".
They have just finished their third LP in Los Angeles.
Discography
Albums
Ordinary Man
Probably Art
Singles & EPs
Waiting For A Break
I'm Doin' Fine
In Your Life
Ordinary Man
Bad Before Good
Probably Art
External links.
http://dayoneuk.wordpress.com/
https://www.facebook.com/dayonebanduk
http://www.discogs.com/artist/3848-Day-One

</doc>
<doc id="9901123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901123" title="Dear Friends (film)">
Dear Friends (film)

The tagline for the film is ""Are friends necessary?"" The theme song is also called "Dear Friends", which is performed by SOULHEAD.
It is adapted from the manga "Dear Friends" by YOSHI, and art by Watanabe Ayu.
Plot summary.
"Dear Friends" follows a high-school student named Rina (played by Keiko Kitagawa) who believes that friends are not necessary and that they can only be used in times of need. Thus, she is unable to maintain a decent relationship with her friends and classmates. Her family's relationship is also lacking; her father does not care much about his family and her mother is over-protective.
Rina spends a lot of her time going to a club in Shibuya where Yousuke (played by Masaya Kikawada) is the disc jockey with her friends Hiroko (played by Airi Toriyama) and Emi (played by Hatsune Matsushima). (In the opening scene, Rina has "borrowed" Hiroko's boyfriend for sex, infuriating Hiroko.) Yousuke falls for Rina, but her attitude has a feral edge, and they neck but stop short of having sex.
After obtaining a large amount of money under false pretenses (i.e. claiming she is pregnant when she is not and forcing the guy Hiroko's boyfriend or Yousuke to pay for the abortion) and spending it on a bottle of Dom Pérignon (which she sprays over everyone at the club), Rina collapses on the dance floor. She eventually discovers that she has cancer (non-Hodgkin lymphoma) and becomes hospitalized for an indefinite amount of time. In the hospital, she is not visited by her family, but by one of her classmates named Maki (played by Yuika Motokariya). Although Maki tells Rina that they were friends in primary school, Rina does not remember her, so Maki takes the opportunity to re-connect with her. A young girl, Kanae, (played by Mao Sasaki) who is also hospitalized tries to become friends with Rina, but she holds fast onto her mantra of friends being unnecessary.
Throughout her hospitalization, Rina begins to lose hope as her well-being falls apart. Her hair falls out from the chemotherapy and she looks pale and thin. Rina learns that Kanae also had cancer (leukemia), and has died after a bone marrow transplant failed. Rina must undergo a mastectomy as the cancer has spread to her left breast. She decides to commit suicide by jumping off the hospital's rooftop. Before she can jump, however, she is confronted by Maki, who stabs herself in the chest with a knife and declares that she will share the same pain as Rina and that she does not want to lose her friend. Maki has suicidal tendencies (as evidenced by scars on her wrist), but sees in her relationship with Rina a reason to keep living. Rina shows some hope again when she realizes that she can find friendship in Maki, but she does not see Maki while the latter recovers from the stab wound.
Hiroko and Emi then visit Rina in the hospital ward. Hiroko throws away a love letter from Yousuke to Rina that she was supposed to deliver, then claims that she and Emi had three-way sex with him. Emi acknowledges this (even though it is new to her).
After treatment, Rina is discharged. She tries to go back to her party lifestyle, but cannot force herself to behave as she once did. She goes back to the club, where Emi apologizes for the hospital visit (claiming that Hiroko put her up to it) and states that Hiroko overdosed on drugs. Rina decides she is ready to have sex with Yousuke, but he has second thoughts after seeing Rina's mastectomy scar. 
Rina goes back to the hospital rooftop to jump, but is stopped by the head nurse. The head nurse says that Maki wanted her to live, but Rina claims that Maki has not seen her recently. Then, another nurse pushes a zombie-like Maki in a wheelchair onto the rooftop. Maki says that the only reason she is still living is so that she could meet friends like Rina. Maki has a terminal illness: an unspecified neurodegenerative disease. Rina finds her purpose in life, fully recovered from cancer, applies to nursing school, becomes a nurse, and takes care of Maki during her final days. After three months, Maki dies.

</doc>
<doc id="9901129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901129" title="Quiet (album)">
Quiet (album)

Quiet is an album by jazz guitarist John Scofield. With its emphasis on acoustic guitar and gentle orchestral arrangements, "Quiet" is something of an oddity in Scofield's discography which more typically features electric jazz fusion and soul/funk-influenced music.
Tracks.
All compositions and arrangements by John Scofield, except "Away" which was composed and arranged by Steve Swallow
Personnel.
Richard Siedel: executive producer

</doc>
<doc id="9901140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901140" title="Hidden Valley Raceway">
Hidden Valley Raceway

Hidden Valley Raceway is part of the Hidden Valley Motorsports Complex, from Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. The Hidden Valley Motorsports Complex includes a 1 km drag racing track (which runs alongside the main straight of the raceway circuit), the 400 m long Northline Speedway, a mud racing circuit, motorcross tracks and a go-kart circuit. Hidden Valley Raceway holds a round of the International V8 Supercars Championship each year.
The circuit.
Hidden Valley Raceway is known for its high speeds and fast lap times. It is long and has 14 corners, with a main straight in length. In order to win, the race car has to flow well through the sweeping bends and also needs top end horse power for the main straight.
V8 Supercar.
V8 Supercar races have been held at Hidden Valley Raceway since 1998, with the first event occurring in July that year. The event is usually held in late June or early July as the temperature is cooler and it is in the 'dry season'. The event is currently called the Skycity Triple Crown, with the 'Triple Crown' awarded to the driver who is fastest in the top ten shootout and wins both races. The 2008 event was voted as the V8 Supercar Event of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="9901151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901151" title="Sai Bhosale">
Sai Bhosale

Sai Bhosale ("née" Nimbalkar; 1633 – 5 September 1659) was the first wife and chief consort of Shivaji, a Maratha king. She was also the mother of Sambhaji, Shivaji's heir.
Family.
Saibai was a member of the prominent Nimbalkar dynasty. The members of the Nimbalkar dynasty were the rulers of Phaltan from the era of the Yadava dynasty until the integration of the princely states into the new nation of India in 1947. She was the daughter of the fifteenth Raja of Phaltan, Mudhojirao Naik Nimbalkar, and the sister of the sixteenth Raja, Bajaji Rao Naik Nimbalkar. Saibai's mother Reubai was from the Shirke dynasty. The inscription at Thanjavur mentions Saibai's maiden surname as Pawar. But this is not in contradiction with other references as the original surname of the Nimbalkar dynasty was Pawar.
Marriage.
In the year 1630, Mudhojirao ruled over Phaltan. Before that he was a prisoner of Adilshah at Satara Fort. Shahaji (Shivaji's father) helped him escape prison. Out of appreciation, Mudhojirao gave his daughter Sai to Shivaji. The two of them got married on 16 May 1640.
By all accounts, Saibai was a beautiful, charming, good-natured and an affectionate woman. She is described as being a "gentle and selfless person " and was a wise woman and a loyal consort to Shivaji. All of her endearing personal qualities, however, were in a sharp contrast to her husband's second wife, Soyarabai, who was an intriguing lady. Yet, there is no record of any friction or mutual differences between Saibai and Shivaji's other wives. As long as Saibai was alive, she was an asset to Shivaji not only regarding the affairs of the State but also the royal family as well. During her lifetime, the entire household of Shivaji bore a homogeneous atmosphere despite the fact that most of her husband's marriages were performed due to political considerations. Throughout their marriage, Saibai and Shivaji shared a close relationship, she also had significant influence over her husband and the royal household.
After Saibai's untimely death in 1659 followed by Jijabai's death in 1674, Shivaji's private life became clouded with anxiety and unhappiness. Her husband's second wife, Soyarabai, though gained prominence in the household following their deaths was not an affectionate consort like Saibai, whom Shivaji had dearly loved. Soyarabai was constantly working towards her own son, Rajaram's succession the throne despite the fact that Saibai's son, Sambhaji, was the eldest and thus, heir-apparent to his father. Soyarabai's intrigues further caused more domestic difficulties in Shivaji's life.
They had three daughters namely Sakhubai, Ranubai and Ambikabai followed by their son Sambhaji. On 7 September 1651, a girl was born to Shivaji at Rajgad. She was named Sakhubai. Ranubai was their seond daughter born in 1653. Ambikabai was their third daughter born in 1655. Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj was their only son born on 14 May 1657 at Purandar fort. It is said that on his deathbed his last word was "Sai".
Issue.
During the course of their nineteen years of marriage, the royal couple became parents of four children, three daughters followed by a son:
Their first daughter Sakhubai, was married to Mahadji the son of Bajaaji Naik Nimbalkar i.e. son of Saibai's brother . This marriage took place in year 1657 with an objective to consolidate Bajaji's return to Hinduism as he was converted to Islam by Aurangzeb. Ranubai was married in Jadhav family. Amanika or Ambikabai married Harji Raje Mahadik in year 1668.
Death.
Saibai died at the age of 26 at Rajgad Fort while Shivaji was making preparations for his meeting with Afzal Khan at Pratapgad. She was ill from the time she gave birth to Sambhaji and her illness became serious preceding her death. Sambhaji was two years old at the time of his mother's death. He was brought up by Jijabai, mother of Shivaji Maharaj. To nurture the newborn child Sambhaji, Jijabai appointed Dharai Gade Patil as his wetnurse.
Saibai's samadhi (tomb) is situated at Rajgad Fort.

</doc>
<doc id="9901167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901167" title="Centre North East">
Centre North East

Centre North East, formerly Corporation House, was built in 1974. It is, at 19 storeys and , the tallest building in Middlesbrough. In 1996, as Corporation House, it was purchased by The Marchday Group Plc.
Apart from the ground floor and basement (which hold a pub and nightclub), the building's primary purpose is office space; the total amount of which is .
The main two lessees, British Telecom and the Secretary of State, had under four years to expiry as of their purchase by Marchday. When they had vacated, an extensive refurbishment took place in the which the building was modernised both internally and externally including new exterior lighting.
In 2004, Centre North East was fully let and sold to the Kenmore Property who went into administration late 2009.
In 2009, companies using the building include Erimus Housing and the COPC registered Garlands Call Centres. In May 2010 Garlands Call Centres went into administration and employee numbers within the building dropped to just over 50. In the Summer of 2010 the building was sold to Commercial Estates Group. In January 2012 significant refurbishment work was undertaken to interior communal areas of the building, including a newly refurbished reception, electronic entrance doors, and redesigned CNE logo.
Current tenants include: Walkabout, Blu Bar, Basement Nightclub, the Department for Work and Pensions Tribunal Service, Fabrick Housing Group and Siemens Enterprise Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="9901177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901177" title="Mayura (disambiguation)">
Mayura (disambiguation)

Mayura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9901198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901198" title="Jeremy Hooker">
Jeremy Hooker

Jeremy Hooker (born 1941, Warsash) is an English poet, critic, teacher, and broadcaster. He grew up on the edge of the New Forest village of Pennington, about two miles north of Lymington. After studying at the University of Southampton, Hooker lectured at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth. First living in Aberystwyth, but then in 1969 moving to the nearby Welsh-speaking parish of Llangwyryfon. Hooker left Llangwyrfron around 1980, when he spent two years as a creative writing fellow at Winchester School of Art. 
In 1984 he left the University of Wales, Aberystwyth. Subsequently he lived for a while in the Netherlands, teaching at the University of Groningen, before moving to Frome in 1989 and teaching creative writing at the Bath College of Higher Education. This later became Bath Spa University and he was the first director of its MA in Creative Writing. Jeremy Hooker spent the academic year 1994/5 teaching at Le Moine College in upstate New York. More recently he was a lecturer at the University of Glamorgan, from where he retired in 2008, becoming Emeritus Professor of the University.
He has published eleven full length collections of poetry (including selected and collected works), critical studies of 
John Cowper Powys and David Jones, as well as collections of literary essays. He has also edited works by Richard Jefferies, Edward Thomas, Frances Bellerby, Wilfred Owen. In addition Hooker has been involved with works for radio, including "A Map of David Jones".
When asked, in an interview, about influences Hooker listed Richard Jeffries, Thomas Hardy, Edward Thomas and later David Jones, along with the American Objectivist poets William Carlos Williams and George Oppen. Hooker began reading Jefferies when he was twelve. Another important early influence was the fact that Hooker's father was a landscape painter, who had a great love of Constable.
The move to Wales in 1965 was important for Hooker's development both as poet and as critic, and during the 1970s he established himself as an important critic of Welsh writing in English (Anglo-Welsh literature) and was involved with teaching a course in Welsh writing in English, which had been created by Ned Thomas at Aberytwyth.
But the tension of being a "foreigner" in Wales led Hooker selling the house in Llangwyryfon, in 1980: "I owe no place more than Llangwyryfon, but it has taken eleven years of living there, in an agricultural and predominantly Welsh-speaking community, for us to realise that our particular kind of dislocation can't be mended by settling permanently where other people belong". While living there he published three books of poetry that deal with his earlier experience of life in Southern England: "Soliloquies of a Chalk Giant"(1974) (winner in 1974 of the Welsh Arts Council Literature Prize), "Landscape of the Daylight Moon" (1978), "Solent Shore" (1978), and a fourth collection that focussed more on his experience of living in Wales: "Englishman's Road" (1980).
A concern with place and landscape, in relation to personal identity, is central to both Hooker's poetry and to his critical writing, as is " the relation between poetry and the sacred".
Jeremy Hooker's collected poems "The Cut of the Light. Poems 1965-2005" was published by Enitharmon in 2006, and in 2007 "Moment of Earth: Poems and Essays in Honour of Jeremy Hooker", edited by Christopher Meredith, was published by Celtic Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9901243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901243" title="Barr (placename element)">
Barr (placename element)

Barr- is a pre-Indo-European linguistic root meaning 'wooded hill', 'natural barrier'.
In addition to the common noun bar, it explains many place names as:
but not Le Bar-sur-Loup, a former "Albarn > Aubarn".
In Alps, the word applies to rocky escarpments:
This root should not be mistaken for the Basque root Bar- / ibar 'valley'.

</doc>
<doc id="9901244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901244" title="John Lucas Miller">
John Lucas Miller

John Lucas Miller, Jr. (born 1831 in Ebenezer, South Carolina, died May 6, 1864) was an attorney and state legislator in South Carolina who served as a Colonel in the Army of Northern Virginia and was killed at the Battle of the Wilderness during the American Civil War.
Family.
Miller's father, John Lucas Miller (1795-1838) and his uncle Stephen Decatur Miller both served as delegates to the Nullification Convention during the South Carolina Nullification Crisis of 1832-1833. His uncle also served as governor of South Carolina and United States Senator from South Carolina. Stephen Decatur Miller's daughter, and thus John Lucas Miller, Jr.'s cousin, was the noted Civil War diarist Mary Boykin Miller Chesnut.
Legislator and lawyer.
Miller served in the South Carolina House of Representatives in 1853, when he was 22 years old.
Miller was a native of York County, South Carolina and worked as an attorney in Yorkville, the county seat, for several years before the war.
Civil War.
Miller volunteered for military service for the Confederate States of America at the beginning of the Civil War, and organized a volunteer infantry company. Initially serving as a captain, he commanded a unit of skirmishers on September 17, 1862 during the Battle of Antietam (called the Battle of Sharpsburg in the south), assigned to locate Union Army positions.
After the Battle of Fredericksburg, he was promoted to Colonel, and assigned to command the 12th South Carolina Infantry after the previous commander resigned. This unit was part of Colonel Abner Monroe Perrin's First Brigade
of a division commanded by General William Dorsey Pender. Miller first led this unit at the Battle of Chancellorsville, and in the aftermath of this significant Confederate victory, was assigned to March 2000 Union prisoners to Richmond, Virginia. He completed this assignment without a single prisoner escaping.
General Pender was killed during the Battle of Gettysburg in July, 1863. Although his regiment had 20 men killed at Gettysburg, Miller survived the defeat and helped organize the Confederate retreat. In the days that followed, the 12th Regiment lost another 18 men killed in the Battles of Hagerstown and Falling Water during the retreat from Gettysburg.
Miller was killed at the Battle of the Wilderness along with 15 other men of his regiment. He was wounded by a minie ball in the bowels on May 5, 1864 and died in a field hospital before the following morning. It was said that he "commanded the respect of officers and men by his courage and conscientiousness, and acquired many friends by his affable and courteous deportment".

</doc>
<doc id="9901248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901248" title="Maureen Perrie">
Maureen Perrie

Maureen Perrie (born 1946) is a British historian, Professor Emeritus of Russian History at the University of Birmingham, and a lecturer in Russian History at the Centre for Russian and East European Studies at the University of Birmingham.
Career.
The main focus of Perrie's research and studies has been Russian history from the sixteenth to the twentieth century. She is one of the editors of the three-volume "The Cambridge History of Russia". In addition, from 2001–2004, Perrie served as President of the British Association for Slavonic and East European Studies (BASEES). She is currently serving as the Vice-President of BASEES.

</doc>
<doc id="9901268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901268" title="KTOX">
KTOX

KTOX (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Talk/Personality format. Licensed to Needles, California, USA, the station serves the Laughlin area. The station is currently owned by Creative Broadcasting Services, Inc. and features programing from Genesis Radio Network, Jones Radio Network, Premiere Radio Networks and SPORTS RADIO. Currently, KTOX carries a mix of political, variety, and sports programs including Ed Schultz, Alex Jones, and "Coast to Coast AM". 
KTOX is the home for the local talk show Don't Start Me Talking hosted by Dave Hayes Monday - Friday. 
. The show is simulcast on www.bounceradio.net.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9901270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901270" title="Coenosia attenuata">
Coenosia attenuata

Coenosia attenuata (also sometimes cited as "Coenosia attenuate"), commonly called "hunter fly," is a predatory fly native to Southern Europe. It was first discovered in the United States in 2001 by an Integrated Pest Management scout in a greenhouse in New York State. It has since been found throughout North and South America. "Coenosia" have shown promise as a biological control agent of fungus gnats, shore flies, and other common greenhouse pests.

</doc>
<doc id="9901274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901274" title="The Cryin' Shames">
The Cryin' Shames

The Cryin' Shames were a mid-1960s pop/beat group, produced by Joe Meek. They had one UK hit single in 1966 with a cover of The Drifters' 1961 "Please Stay", written by Burt Bacharach and Bob Hilliard.
Career.
The sextet was initially renamed from 'The Bumblies' which founded in 1963 in Liverpool, and was managed by Norman Eastwood. The Bumblies name came from a television programme starring Michael Bentine. The Bumblies comprised Charlie Crane (vocals), Joey Kneen (vocals), John Bennett (guitar), Phil Roberts (keyboards), George Robinson (bass guitar) and Charlie Gallagher (drums)
Roberts and Kneen came from 'The Calderstones' that also featured Tom Evans (Badfinger). After recording their first single, The Bumblies' Bennett was replaced in early December 1965 by the then 16 year old Ritchie Routledge from 'The Aztecs'; a semi-professional musician who was working as a junior reporter for "Music Echo", a music paper owned by Brian Epstein. The band changed their name to 'The Cryin' Shames' and started working under the new name just before Christmas 1965. The Cryin' Shames first single, "Please Stay" was released on the Decca label on 18 February 1966. It was destined to be Joe Meek's final chart hit before he committed suicide in 1967 .
"Please Stay" was a minor hit, peaking at #26 in the UK Singles Chart, and the band was approached by Epstein, who wanted to manage them, but they refused. The band had met Epstein in the Adelphi Hotel in Liverpool and turned down his offer. 
The line-up changed in May 1966, when Robinson was replaced by Derek Cleary on bass, who played on their second single release, "Nobody Waved Goodbye", which was released the following month.
Crane and Routledge left The Cryin' Shames and formed a new band with a new name. With a line-up of Charlie Crane, Ritchie Routledge (both vocals), Brian Norris (bass), Mike Espie (guitar), Pete Byrne (organ) and Paul Commerford (drums), they recorded one more single with Meek, "September in the Rain" / "Come On Back", which was released on 1 September 1966. It was issued under their new name of Paul and Ritchie and The Crying Shames.
Routledge later led Blackwater Park, an English-German band in the early 1970s, and was part of Grimms. He also worked as a session singer for The Scaffold and appeared on the recording of the 1974 song "Liverpool Lou" (UK Number 7 - produced by Paul McCartney). Crane went on to be the lead singer of 'Gary Walker and The Rain'.
Discography.
Compilation albums.
The English Freakbeat series included "What's News, Pussycat" by the Cryin' Shames on the "English Freakbeat, Volume 5" edition.

</doc>
<doc id="9901285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901285" title="Agassiceras">
Agassiceras

Agassiceras is a Lower Jurassic ammonite from the Sinemurian stage in Europe. "Agassiceras" belongs to the psiloceratacean family, Arietitidae, and is characterized by being compressed with a sharp venter and feeble straight ribs that may bifurcate near the umbilical edge.

</doc>
<doc id="9901286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901286" title="Agastrioceras">
Agastrioceras

Agastrioceras is a genus of belonging to the Gastrioceratidae families. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901289" title="Agathiceras">
Agathiceras

Agathiceras is a subglobose goniatitid from the family Agathiceratidae, widespread and locally abundant in Lower Pennsylvanian to Middle Permian sediments, e.g. the Urals, Sicily, and Texas. 
"Agathiceras", named by Gemmellaro in 1887 from the Middle Permian Sicilian species, "A. suessi", has a broadly rounded outer edge, known as the venter, being at the lower side of the animal during life, and a deeply impressed innerside, the dorsum which corresponds with the back or dorsal side of the animal. The sutures are goniatitic with three lateral and one dosolateral lobes on either side. Those that are external are spatulate, those hidden are V-shaped. The siphuncle is primitive with the septal necks pointing to the rear, a condition known as retrosiphonate.
"Agathiceras" is thought to be derived from "Proshumardites" according to Saunders "et al". (1999), which is thought to be derived from "Dombaties"; all of which are included in the Agathiceratidae. "Dombarites" is presumed to have its origin in "Goniatites", type genus of the Goniatitidae

</doc>
<doc id="9901290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901290" title="Bill Watters">
Bill Watters

Wilbur Wayne "Bill" Watters (born June 29, 1943 in Orillia, Ontario) is a Canadian sports media personality and former Assistant General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
College career.
Watters was a fullback and linebacker with the Toronto Varsity Blues football team from 1961 through 1964. He was a team co-captain and league All-Star at linebacker in both 1963 and 1964. In his final season (1964), he received the Johnny Copp Trophy as the team's Most Valuable Player. Watters also was a member of the Wrestling Blues for three seasons (1961–62, 62–63, 63–64) and practiced regularly with the Varsity Blues men's ice hockey team, although he saw limited action in league play. He earned a total of three First Colours and five Second Colours, and served on the UTAA Men's Athletic Directorate in 1963–64.
Professional sports career.
Watters was selected 2nd overall by the Toronto Argonauts in the 1964 CFL draft draft but chose not to play professional football. In the 2000s, his son, Brad Watters, became the Argonaut's Team President. Following graduation, he embarked on a career as a teacher then turned to professional sports as a broadcaster, player agent (first as an employee of Alan Eagleson and later on his own), and Assistant General Manager of Toronto Maple Leafs. 
Sportscasting career.
Watters formerly co-hosted "Hockey Central" on Rogers Sportsnet, "The Bill Watters Show" on AM 640 Toronto Radio and has been a regular contributor on Q107's John Derringer morning show. Watters was also a former co-host of "Prime Time Sports" back when it debuted in 1989. On January 14, 2011 he was let go by Rogers Sportsnet. The Bill Watters show on AM 640 Toronto Radio has been replaced by the drive-time show by Arlene Bynon as of July 18, 2011. One of the most notorious of all Watters' television appearances was the evening that he developed a nose bleed on air. Unaware, he continued to critique the first period, blood trickling out of one nostril. His partner on the air, Nick Kypreos was seen trying to direct the camera away from Watters, and looking quite uncomfortable. When they returned after commercial break, Watters nose bleed had evidently been brought under control.

</doc>
<doc id="9901291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901291" title="Ainoceras">
Ainoceras

Ainoceras ("Ainu's Horn") is a genus of extinct, aberrantly coiled ammonite cephalopod that live in the Pacific Ocean during the Campanian division of the Cretaceous, where Japan is today. Their shells were coiled very similarly to the related "Anaklinoceras", in that, when young, the shell coiled helically, and then upon reaching adulthood, the shell then bent over the older coils. However, "Ainoceras" differed in this respect in that, whereas in "Anaklinoceras", the youngest coil wrapped very closely around the older coils, while in "Ainoceras", the youngest coil bent over the older coils in a wide loop or oxbow.

</doc>
<doc id="9901292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901292" title="Aioloceras">
Aioloceras

Aioloceras is an ammonite, order Ammonitida, from near the end of the Early Cretaceous. The shell is compressed with the outer whorl covering much of the previous. Sides are slightly convex, converge toward a narrowly ached venter. Inner whorls have sharp falcoid ribs, outer are smooth. Umbilical tubercles are lacking. Similar related forms include "Neosaynella" and "Cleoniceras".
"Aioloceras" has been found in Albian (uL Cret) sediments in 
Madagascar, Patagonia, and possibly Queensland.
References.
Mesozoic Ammonoidea, Arkell "et al"; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part L. Geol Soc of America (1957) p. L394.

</doc>
<doc id="9901297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901297" title="Aktubites">
Aktubites

Aktubites is a genus belonging to the Parashumarditida family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901298" title="Alanites">
Alanites

Alanites is an extinct Triassic ammonoid cephalopod genus named by Shevyrev, 1968, found in association with "Laboceras" and "Megaphyllites" in Siberia and assigned to the ceratitid family Khvlaynitidae which is part of the Dinaritaceae. Its type is "Alanites visendus" . 

</doc>
<doc id="9901299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901299" title="Positively Fifth Street">
Positively Fifth Street

"Positively Fifth Street: Murderers, Cheetahs, and Binion's World Series of Poker" is a memoir by Chicago area author James McManus set during the 2000 World Series of Poker. 
On assignment from "Harper's Magazine", McManus was sent to Las Vegas to cover the trial of Rick Tabish and Sandy Murphy, who were accused of murdering Binion's Horseshoe casino executive Ted Binion. The trial coincided with the 2000 WSOP, which McManus entered. He won a satellite tournament into the Main Event, 
and reached the final table, placing fifth. The book is a two-track memoir of his coverage of the trial interspersed with and finally subsumed by the poker tournament.
The book's title was inspired by Bob Dylan's 1965 single "Positively 4th Street".
"Positively Fifth Street" is being made into a movie by Christine Vachon's Killer Films with Greene Street Productions. John Ridley wrote the screenplay and is expected to direct the film.
References.
Official website at Farrar, Strous and Giroux
"Positively Fifth Street" at the Internet Movie Database

</doc>
<doc id="9901301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901301" title="Albanites">
Albanites

Albanites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Ceratitida that lived during the Early Triassic. 
The shell of "Albanites" is more or less involute, smooth or faintly ribbed. Sides are flattened; the venter, which is the outer rim, is broadly rounded. Sutures are ceratitic with jagged lobes and rounded saddles.
"Albanites" is included in the Meekoceratidae although Arkell, et al. (1957) included it in the Noritidae in the Treatise Part L, 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="9901302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901302" title="Alaoceras">
Alaoceras

Alaoceras is an ammonoid cephalopod from the upper Paleozoic included in the goniatitid family Cravenoceratidae, named by Ruzhentsev & Bogoslovskaya in 1971. 
"Alaoceras" is characterized by its generally subdiscoidal shell with moderately involute whorls and a wide or moderately wide umbilicus, ornamented with sharply defined lamellae, very weak and sometimes disappearing lirae, and elongated protuberances on the umbilical wall. Normally there are one or two constrictions per revolution. The suture is goniatitic with a widely diverging bifurcated ventral lobe in which the height of the median saddle is less than half of the whole lobe. 
"Alaoceras" is probably derived from "Pachylyroceras", which it resembles overall.

</doc>
<doc id="9901305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901305" title="Ibar">
Ibar

Ibar may be:

</doc>
<doc id="9901310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901310" title="Inter (TV channel)">
Inter (TV channel)

Inter () is the most watched television channel in Ukraine. It covers 99.7 percent of Ukraine's territory (according the channel's own information). Inter is among the top-rated networks in Ukraine, competing with such as 1+1 and Pershyi Natsionalnyi channels. Inter features a general programming mix appealing to both young and old, including movies, music, drama, documentaries, news, kid's programs and much more.
History.
The channel was founded by the "Ukrainian Independent TV-Corporation" in 1996.
Besides its international version of the channel as the business project, Inter now consists of several similar projects. Those are "07 Production" - a studio of the documentary films, "NIS" - an information studio featuring Podrobytsi, "Pirat Production" - a studio of the entertaining shows. There are also over five other independent channels such as NTN, K1, K2, Megasport, Enter-Film, and Enter-Music (an Ukrainian version of MTV).
Inter+.
Inter Plus () is the international network of Inter Channel that broadcasts the 'best of Inter' programming to Ukrainians abroad in North America & Europe. The channel first started broadcasting on January 13, 2003, available via Dish Network in the United States and in Germany through Kabel Deutschland and encrypted in Europe & Russia on Sirius 2 & ABS 1 satellites. As of March 30, 2011, Inter Plus is no longer available on Dish Network.
Inter+ is also available in Canada via IMB+ Records, an IPTV provider.
Ownership.
The channel was founded by the "Ukrainian Independent TV-Corporation" in 1996. The Ukrainian independent TV-corporation's shareholders were Dilovyi Svit 51%, Russian Channel One 29%, Pegas Television 20%. About 82.5% of Pegas Television was the personal property of Ihor Pluzhnikov. The other shares of the company were split between "Pegas and Overseas sales Ltd." 17.3% and "Bersted Ukraina" .2%. Those two companies were his property as well. Besides "Pegas" he had some share in the Dilovyi Svit which consisted of "Bersted Ukraina", "RIF-Service", "Play Enterprise", insurance company "Sindek", and legal services of "Konnov and Sozanovskyi". In 2005 unexpectedly died Ihor Pluzhnikov in a hospital. His death caused a lot of discussions on the political level. In August all of the shares Dilovyi Svit and half of Pegas Television (total of 61%) became a property of what it is later became known as Ukrainian Mediaproject headed by Valeriy Khoroshkovsky. "Pegas" was overtaken by Pluzhnikov's wife, Svitlana, who has 10% ownership of the Ukrainian independent TV-corporation. There speculations that she does not have any influence on the business of the telechannel, "Inter". As of December 2012 61% of the shares are owned by Ukrainian Mediaproject, 29% by Channel One and 10% by Pluzhnikov's widow. According to Yaroslav Porokhniak, head of the management board of Inter, the Russian shareholders have no say in the channel's editorial or programming policies.
In September Valeriy became the head of the "Observing Council" and in 2006 made some changes in the management. In 2007 on the base of "Ukrainian Mediaproject" was established U.A. Inter Media Group financial holdings. 
The channel is part of GDF Media Limited; since Dmytro Firtash bought 100 percent of InterInter Media Group Limited (back) from Valeriy Khoroshkovskyi on 1 February 2013. In June 2007 Khoroshkovskyi had expanded his U.A. Inter Media Group Ltd with various other channels bought from Firtash.
GDF Media Limited also owns NTN, K1, Mega, Enter-Film, K2, Pixel and MTV Ukraine.
Controversies.
According to critics the channel used to be directly controlled by the Social Democratic Party of Ukraine (united) until the 2004 Orange Revolution.
In January 2009 (former) Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko refused to appear on Inter television programs criticizing the channel's associates of their professional ethics.
On 21 February 2014 16 journalists of the channel claimed to have been the victim of censorship (in the form of having been forced to make "pro-government propaganda") and called on the higher management to objectively cover events concerning Euromaidan. On 22 February 2014 the channel normal programming was replaced, amid rumours of a possible attack or arson on its headquarters, by live broadcast of Parliamentary sessions. On 22 February 2014, as a part of the "Maidan revolution", President Viktor Yanukovych (the one the 16 journalist had complained about being forced to make propaganda for) was removed from office.

</doc>
<doc id="9901313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901313" title="Alcidellus">
Alcidellus

Alcidellus is an oxyconic (sharp ventered) haploceratacean ammonite from the Middle Jurassic. 
"Alcidellus" was named as a genus buy Gerd Westermann in 1958. It is now generally seen as a subgenus of "Oxycerites", differing from "Oxyceratites (O)" in having a broader venter with ventrolateral shoulders. The shell of "Oxycerites", including "O (Alcidellus)" is generally smooth, essentially involute with a small umbilicus, highly compressed with flanks converging on a narrow, somewhat sharp venter. Sutures are ammonitic.
"References".
[http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/1475-4983.00069/pdf]
(Argentina), by Horacio Parent. Acta Palaeontologica Polonica 43, 1, 69-130. 1998. [http://www.app.pan.pl/archive/published/app43/app43-069.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="9901317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901317" title="Aldanites">
Aldanites

Aldanites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Goniatitida. 
"Aldanites", named by Ruzhencev, 1965, is confined to the Lower Pennsylvanian Period (late Carboniferous) and is included in the Orulganitidae, a family in the Schistoceratacea, a gonititid superfamily.

</doc>
<doc id="9901319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901319" title="1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom">
1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom

Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1981/1982
Final point standings.
In Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1981/82 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().
Men's Giant Slalom Team Results.
All points were shown including individuel deduction. bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9901321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901321" title="Alfeldites">
Alfeldites

Alfeldites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901323" title="Algericeras">
Algericeras

Algericeras is an extinct Ammonite genus belonging to the Acathoceratacea that lived during the Cenomanian stage at the beginning of the Late Cretaceous in what is now Mexico.
"Algericeras" is included in the acathoceratacean family Brancoceratidae and subfamily Mortonoceratinae. Species include "Algericeras (Sakondryella) remolinense" and "Algericeras proratum" 

</doc>
<doc id="9901326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901326" title="Algerites">
Algerites

Algerites is middle Cretaceous (Cenomanian) anisoceratid ammonoid with a close-coiled adult shell in which the whorls at that stage are in close contact, after starting of with openly coiled whorls, and in which every rib (a character of the family) has a pair of sharp ventral tubercles.
"Algerites", which is found in North Africa, named for the country of Algeria, is thought to be derived from "Idiohammites", also an anisoceratid. It ("Algerites") differs from "Allocrioceras" in that the later whorls come together in close contact where as in the latter they remain apart.
The Anisoceratidae to which this genus is assigned is included in the diverse heteromorphic superfamily Turrilitaceae

</doc>
<doc id="9901327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901327" title="Alligaticeras">
Alligaticeras

Alligaticeras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901331" title="Alloceratites">
Alloceratites

Alloceratites is an ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Middle Triassic of Germany included in the family Ceratitidae. 
The mature shell of "Alloceratites" has strong, well spaced lateral tubercles and clavi (nodes) along either side of the venter. Ribbing between tubercles is indistinct. The suture is ceratitic. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901332" title="Alloclionites">
Alloclionites

Alloclionites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus within the family Clionitidae which is part of the ceratitid superfamily Clydonitaceae. "Alloclionites" comes from the Upper Triassic of the Alps, Balkans, Himalayas, Timor, and British Columbia and is recognized by its many tubercles which tend to diminish on the body chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="9901335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901335" title="Allocrioceras">
Allocrioceras

Allocrioceras is an ammonoid cephalopod from the mid-Cretaceous included in the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae. Its shell is strongly ribbed and is in the form of a widely open spiral. 
Classification.
After its 1907 discovery, the species "A. hazzardi" was erroneously classified as "Crioceras latus" by Udden. A later 1928 revision by Adkins removed it from the species "C. latus" while keeping it as a member of the "Crioceras" genus. In 1963 Young gave the species its final classification in a new genus- "Allocrioceras".
Biology.
"Allocrioceras" was small compared to some Ammonites. Its shell diameter was only a bit larger than an U.S. quarter. Unlike most Ammonites its shell was partially uncoiled. Ammonites like this, with shell configurations differing from the typical tightly coiled spiral, are called Heteromorphs. It lived approximately 88 million years before present during the Turonian stage Cretaceous Period in what is now Texas. Its fossils can be found in the limestones of Brewster and Terrel counties.
Its stomach contents and some soft parts have been found.

</doc>
<doc id="9901342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901342" title="Alloptychites">
Alloptychites

Alloptychites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901345" title="Almites">
Almites

Almites is a genus belonging to the Marathonitidae families. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901349" title="Almohadites">
Almohadites

Almohadites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901353" title="Alocolytoceras">
Alocolytoceras

Alocolytoceras is a lytoderatid ammonite with whorls that pass during growth from round to oval, rounded-quadrate, or compressed; with about 10 deep constrictions per whorl, with as many as 20 sharp ribs in between. The shell is evolute. All whorls are visible from either side.
"Alocolytoceras" belongs to the lytoceratid subfamily Alocolytoceratinae, which also includes "Pachylytoceras" and "Pleurolytoceras". It is known from the upper Lower Jurassic of Europe and the Himalaya. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901355" title="Alpinites">
Alpinites

Alpinites is a genus belonging to the Discoclymeniinae subfamily, a member of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901359" title="Alsatites">
Alsatites

Alsatites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. They lived during the Early Jurassic, Hettangian till the Sinemurian and are generally extremely evolute, many whorled. Keel broad and blunt organisms, they also exhibit a primary ribbing which is close and persistent.

</doc>
<doc id="9901363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901363" title="Altudoceras">
Altudoceras

Altudoceras is a genus belonging to the Pseudogastrioceratinae subfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901365" title="Stable normal bundle">
Stable normal bundle

In surgery theory, a branch of mathematics, the stable normal bundle of a differentiable manifold is an invariant which encodes the stable normal (dually, tangential) data. There are analogs for generalizations of manifold, notably PL-manifolds and topological manifolds. There is also an analogue in homotopy theory for Poincaré spaces, the Spivak spherical fibration, named after Michael Spivak (reference below).
Construction via embeddings.
Given an embedding of a manifold in Euclidean space (provided by the theorem of Whitney), it has a normal bundle. The embedding is not unique, but for high dimension of the Euclidean space it is unique up to isotopy, thus the (class of the) bundle is unique, and called the "stable normal bundle".
This construction works for any Poincaré space "X": a finite CW-complex admits a stably unique (up to homotopy) embedding in Euclidean space, via general position, and this embedding yields a spherical fibration over "X". For more restricted spaces (notably PL-manifolds and topological manifolds), one gets stronger data.
Details.
Two embeddings formula_1 are "isotopic" if they are homotopic
through embeddings. Given a manifold or other suitable space "X," with two embeddings into Euclidean space formula_2 formula_3 these will not in general be isotopic, or even maps into the same space (formula_4 need not equal formula_5). However, one can embed these into a larger space formula_6 by letting the last formula_7 coordinates be 0:
This process of adjoining trivial copies of Euclidean space is called "stabilization."
One can thus arrange for any two embeddings into Euclidean space to map into the same Euclidean space (taking formula_9), and, further, if formula_10 is sufficiently large, these embeddings are isotopic, which is a theorem.
Thus there is a unique stable isotopy class of embedding: it is not a particular embedding (as there are many embeddings), nor an isotopy class (as the target space is not fixed: it is just "a sufficiently large Euclidean space"), but rather a stable isotopy class of maps. The normal bundle associated with this (stable class of) embeddings is then the stable normal bundle.
One can replace this stable isotopy class with an actual isotopy class by fixing the target space, either by using Hilbert space as the target space, or (for a fixed dimension of manifold formula_5) using a fixed formula_10 sufficiently large, as "N" depends only on "n", not the manifold in question.
More abstractly, rather than stabilizing the embedding, one can take any embedding, and then take a vector bundle direct sum with a sufficient number of trivial line bundles; this corresponds exactly to the normal bundle of the stabilized embedding.
Construction via classifying spaces.
An "n"-manifold "M" has a tangent bundle, which has a classifying map (up to homotopy)
Composing with the inclusion formula_14 yields (the homotopy class of a classifying map of) the stable tangent bundle. The normal bundle of an embedding formula_15 (formula_16 large) is an inverse formula_17 for formula_18, such that the Whitney sum formula_19 is trivial. The homotopy class of the composite
formula_20 is independent of the choice of inverse,
classifying the stable normal bundle formula_21.
Motivation.
There is no intrinsic notion of a normal vector to a manifold, unlike tangent or cotangent vectors – for instance, the normal space depends on which dimension one is embedding into – so the stable normal bundle instead provides a notion of a stable normal space: a normal space (and normal vectors) up to trivial summands.
Why stable normal, instead of stable tangent? Stable normal data is used instead of unstable tangential data because generalizations of manifolds have natural stable normal-type structures, coming from tubular neighborhoods and generalizations, but not unstable tangential ones, as the local structure is not smooth.
Spherical fibrations over a space "X" are classified by the homotopy classes of maps formula_22 to a
classifying space formula_23, with homotopy groups the stable homotopy groups of spheres
The forgetful map formula_25 extends to a fibration sequence
A Poincaré space "X" does not have a tangent bundle, but it does have a well-defined stable spherical fibration, which for a differentiable manifold is the spherical fibration associated to the stable normal bundle; thus a primary obstruction to "X" having the homotopy type of a differentiable manifold is that the spherical fibration lifts to a vector bundle, i.e. the Spivak spherical fibration formula_22 must lift to formula_28, which is equivalent to the map formula_29 being null homotopic
Thus the bundle obstruction to the existence of a (smooth) manifold structure is the class formula_29.
The secondary obstruction is the Wall surgery obstruction.
Applications.
The stable normal bundle is fundamental in surgery theory as a primary obstruction:
More generally, its generalizations serve as replacements for the (unstable) tangent bundle.

</doc>
<doc id="9901366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901366" title="Alurites">
Alurites

Alurites is a genus belonging to the Gastriocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901367" title="Usdan Center for the Creative and Performing Arts">
Usdan Center for the Creative and Performing Arts

Usdan Center for the Creative and Performing Arts (often referred to as "Usdan Center") is a not-for-profit summer arts camp situated on 200 woodland acres (0.81 km2) in Wheatley Heights, Long Island, NY. Usdan opened in 1968 and now enrolls 1,600 students ages 6–18. Now in its 47th season, Usdan has been declared a “Best Of” camp by TimeOutNY/Kids, and by NY Metro Parents. The Center has been profiled in the New York Times, Time Magazine, and in numerous print and online publications. Usdan's 40,000 alumni include actresses Natalie Portman, Jackie Hoffman, Olivia Thirlby, Stacey London, and Lisa Gay Hamilton; singers Jane Monheit, Taylor Dayne, and Mariah Carey; Tony-Award nominated playwright Michele Lowe, Grammy-Award winning producer Adam Abeshouse, Broadway personality Seth Rudetsky, Juilliard conductor Adam Glaser, and members of major American orchestras, dance and theater companies. The camp is named for the daughter of the late philanthropist Samuel Lemberg.
Usdan was established to provide children with the arts as a companion for life through great teaching and the camaraderie of fellow students whose bond is their love of the arts. The Center features more than 40 programs of study. The Music Department offers Orchestra, Band, Chorus, Guitar, Chamber Music, Jazz Ensemble, and Piano. The Dance Department offers Ballet, Modern, Jazz, and Tap dance. The Theater Department offers Repertory Theater, Musical Theater, Technical Theater, Drama, Theater Dance, and Theater Adventure. The Visual Arts Department offers Painting, Ceramics, Sculpture, Jewelry, Photography, Illustration and Book Design, Video Arts, Fashion Design, Sewing and Fashion Production, Cartooning, Video Game Art and Design and Animation. Other "majors” include Creative Writing, Chess, Nature and Ecology, and Organic Gardening. A special feature of each student’s program is attendance at the Center's series of daily assemblies known as the Festival Concerts. These are performances by distinguished artists and by Usdan students as well. World famous artists who have appeared on this series include Andre Watts, Yo-Yo Ma, The King's Singers, Earl Wild, Ruggiero Ricci, James Galway, Canadian Brass, Tokyo String Quartet, Emanuel Ax. Jazz artists have included Jimmy Heath, Marian McPartland, Billy Taylor, Randy Brecker, Bobby Watson, and Jane Monheit. Dance companies include New York City Ballet, Dance Theater of Harlem, the José Limón Dance Company. Cast members from current Broadway shows perform on this series, and many also work with students as visiting master teachers.
The camp is divided into four divisions based on grade level: Discovery - Grade K and 1; Partners in the Arts - Grades 2 and 3; Junior - Grade 4 through 6; Senior - Grade 7 through 12. Students have a choice of classes from the following disciplines: Music, Art, Theater, Dance, Writing, Chess, Nature and Ecology, Organic Gardening. Students choose a "major" class that meets for two fifty-minute periods daily, and they also have a "minor" that meets for one period daily. All students have an hour of swim daily. The Center enrolls students for 3, 4, or 7 weeks.
Usdan’s modern campus includes 70 award-winning studios and theaters, including the campus centerpiece, the Andrew and Lily McKinley Amphitheater, a 1,000-seat state of the art theater for the Center's daily artist and student concerts. Other signature buildings include the Samuel and Lucille Lemberg Drama Center, with three theaters, six teaching studios, and costume and set shops. The Block Media Arts Center contains broadcast quality production studios. The Maurice B. Hexter Center is a recital hall and conference center that also houses Usdan's chess program. Art students exhibit the work in the Goetz and Hexter galleries. Usdan is a beneficiary agency of UJA-Federation of New York, and the Center is chartered by the Regents of the State of New York.
History.
In 1968, one thousand New York-area children arrived at the newly created Usdan Center to pursue their love of the arts. This extraordinary inaugural enrollment was testimony to the vision and dedication of the Center's founders. They included artists, educators, and communal leaders. The Center was established under the aegis of Federation of Jewish Philanthropies (now UJA-Federation of New York) then headed by Dr. Maurice B. Hexter. Graenum Berger, Dr. Hexter's colleague, brought the concept to Federation following a trip with Andrew McKinley to Interlochen in 1951. Here Dr. Berger saw the possibility of a comprehensive not-for-profit arts camp for children living in the New York metropolitan area. He embraced the concept of arts education in a camp setting, and enlisted the partnership of a great philanthropist, Samuel Lemberg. Mr. Lemberg provided the initial donations to establish the Center. To honor his extraordinary generosity, Usdan was named for his beloved daughter, Suzanne Usdan.
Arts educators created the educational and artistic plan for Usdan. The Center's founding Executive Director, Andrew McKinley, was a concert artist, a member of the Juilliard faculty, and a renowned opera singer. The Center’s Educational Coordinator and longtime Board President, Dr. Jerrold Ross, then Chairman of the Department of Music Education at New York University, worked with Mr. McKinley to establish the high artistic and educational standards for which Usdan is known. Together with Mrs. Usdan, Dr. Hexter, and Mr. Lemberg, a Board of Trustees was established, and Mr. McKinley assembled a faculty of prominent artists and teachers from the country’s leading conservatories and universities. In 1983, following 16 years as Director of the Center, Andrew McKinley retired. The Board appointed Dale Lewis to become his successor, and Mr. Lewis has been Usdan’s Executive Director since that time. Dr. Ross was the Board's longest serving President (1968-2004). In recent years he has collaborated with Mr. Lewis to expand the Center's curriculum. In 2006 Dr. Ross was honored by his Board colleagues with the naming of the Jerrold Ross Discovery Center, Usdan's campus center for early childhood arts education.
Usdan's original curriculum of music, art, dance, and theater has expanded into additional fields of study in the arts. The program now includes recently added courses in writing, jazz studies, video arts, computer graphics, jazz and tap dance, chamber music, nature and ecology, organic gardening, fashion design, cartooning, animation, classical guitar, and chess. Newer elective classes include Life Drawing, Actor’s Skills, and Tennis.During the past ten years, Usdan has launched programs for beginners as well. Discovery is an arts exploration experience for children in Kindergarten and First Grade.
In addition to its primary programs for children, Usdan also sponsors professional development programs for arts educators. Lifetime learning is another programmatic theme at Usdan, and these programs include alumni study days, lecture and concert workshops for adults, and a popular summertime event for adults known as Usdan University. Usdan’s professional staff provides collaborative programs with schools on Long Island in New York City, and the Center hosts training events for young professionals in the arts, and for community events such as the Long Island Envirothon.
Usdan's leadership includes its Board of Trustees and a Leadership Council of Long Island community, philanthropic, and business leaders, both under the direction of the Center's President, John Usdan, son of the Center's namesake. 2013 was Dale Lewis's 30th year as Executive Director.
Usdan's Mission: Usdan Center is a summer arts school that provides an educational setting for children to develop artistic skills, regardless of their level of talent. Children acquire and develop these skills under the guidance of a professional faculty and they participate in public performances and exhibits that reflect the high standards sought by their teachers and conductors. While studying at Usdan, children discover new abilities and talents and they form lifetime friendships with those who share their love of the arts. The goal is for them to leave Usdan with the arts as a lifetime companion. The Center's philosophy is reflected in Suzanne Usdan's inspirational message: "Lose yourself for a summer. Find yourself for a lifetime."
Departments.
Music.
The music program includes both instruction and performance. Faculty members come from the finest conservatories and include leading freelance musicians and concert artists. They teach with love and aim for the highest standards possible.
Majors
Minors
Art.
Art majors choose one discipline to explore in depth. Students work in studios designed for their medium and learn from working artists who are specialists in their fields. Studios feature large skylights as well as indoor and outdoor courtyards to take advantage of natural light and the inspiration of nature.
Majors
Minors
Theater.
The Lemberg Drama Center houses an indoor air-conditioned theater, 2 outdoor amphitheaters, rehearsal studios, and costume and set shops. This extraordinary complex is the site of classes for students who participate in a program designed to increase acting skills, as well as offer performances in the Center’s theaters. Among the recent productions were
"Seussical, Wizard of Oz", and "Once Upon a Mattress".
Majors
Minor
Dance.
Dancers study technique, classic repertory and original choreography with New York City's nationally renowned dancers and choreographers. Instruction is rigorous but caring, and studios are spacious, with soft floors and generous skylights that give them an open-air effect.
Majors
Minors
Chess.
Usdan's instructional and competitive Chess program is available as a major or a minor. With class time split between instruction and tournament play, students at all levels develop skills to enhance their enjoyment of the game.
Major and Minor
Writing.
Small groups of creative writing students engage the forms of poetry, short fiction and playwriting in covered, open-air studios. The program culminates in the publication of Usdan's literary magazine, a multidisciplinary publication which includes student-produced poetry and writing.
Major
Minor
Nature.
Usdan's magnificent forest provides the setting to study Long Island's natural ecosystems. Focuses are on hands-on projects, including garden and forest exploration, and the art of nature, as studied in science and craft.
Majors
Minors
Discovery Program.
Discovery is a unique program of summer fun and exploration in the arts for students currently in Kindergarten or First Grade. Children are placed into groups of 10–12, each with a college-age counselor who guides them throughout the day. The Discovery program is situated in the woodland setting of Usdan’s newest building, the state-of-the-art Ross Discovery Center. Daily activities are drawn from a curriculum that includes Chorus, Painting & Ceramics, Swim, and Personal Journal Writing. Discovery classes are fun explorations in the arts that offer an introduction to the exciting world of Usdan’s varied programs in music, art, theater, and dance.
Partners in the Arts.
Students in the Partners program are taken from class to class by a Counselor in Training (CIT), one who will guide them around Usdan's beautiful campus. They choose a Major Interest and a Minor Interest activity, just as Usdan's older students do. CIT’s meet their partners at the bus field each morning, and then take them to class throughout the day.

</doc>
<doc id="9901369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901369" title="Amaltheus">
Amaltheus

Amaltheus is an oxyconic ammonite with a fairly open umbilicus, serrated keel, and slightly sigmoidal ribs from the Lower Jurassic, many of which are strigate. Amaltheus, named by de Montfort,1808, is indicative of the upper Pliensbachian stage in Europe, north Africa, Caucasus, Siberia, N. Alaska, Canada, Oregon, and possibly Honduras; and is the type for the Amaltheidae and a member of the Eoderocerataceae. 
Two subgenera are recognized. One, "A.(Amaltheus)" is already described. The other "A. (Pseudamaltheus)", sometimes expressed as genus, is a late derivative of ("Amaltheus") with an early loss of keel and ribbing and an extreme development of strigation.

</doc>
<doc id="9901376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901376" title="Andy Roberts (musician)">
Andy Roberts (musician)

Andrew "Andy" Roberts (born 12 June 1946, Harrow, Middlesex) is an English musician.
He gained a violin scholarship to Felsted School. He then attended Liverpool University. He has played with The Liverpool Scene, Plainsong, The Scaffold, Roy Harper, Chris Spedding, Hank Wangford, Kevin Ayers, Vivian Stanshall and Grimms. He has also done many sessions for artists such as Richard Thompson, Paul Korda, and Maddy Prior, and has been a musical partner to Iain Matthews for 30 years.
He was in the "Surrogate Band" during Pink Floyd's The Wall tour in 1981 (replacing Snowy White and can be heard on the live album "Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live 1980–81". 
He has also written film scores, themes for TV series, backed Billy Connolly, provided music and voice for "Spitting Image" and continues to create musical backdrops for the poetry of Roger McGough.

</doc>
<doc id="9901379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901379" title="Amarassites">
Amarassites

Amarassites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901381" title="Amauroceras">
Amauroceras

Amauroceras is an extinct genus of eoderoceratacean ammonites in the family Amaltheidae.

</doc>
<doc id="9901384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901384" title="Ammonellipsites">
Ammonellipsites

Ammonellipsites is a genus belonging to the Ammonellipsitinae subfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901387" title="Ammonitoceras">
Ammonitoceras

Ammonitoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the ammonite subclass that lived during the latter part of the Early Cretaceous in what is now Europe and the transcaspian region. "Ammonitoceras" was named by Dumas, 1876, the type-species: "Ammonitoceras ucetiae".
Although the description doesn't mention a hook, as in "Ancyloceras" or "Acrioceras", "Ammonitoceras" is included in the Ancyloceratidae. However neither do "Australiceras" or "Tropaeum", which are also included.

</doc>
<doc id="9901391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901391" title="Ammonoceratites">
Ammonoceratites

Ammonoceratites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopod known from the Albian (upper Lower Cretaceous) of British Columbia, Madagascar, New Zealand, and Japan, included in the Lytoceratidae.
The shell of "Ammonoceratites" is evolute, smooth, moderately expanded; the inner rim (dorsum) only slightly impressed; whorl section subcircular. It is similar to that of "Lytoceras" which has transverse ribbing and to that of "Pictetia" which is gyroconic (whorls not touching) and more strongly expanded.

</doc>
<doc id="9901402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901402" title="3N">
3N

3N or 3-N may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9901427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901427" title="Amoebites">
Amoebites

Amoebites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901430" title="Amoeboceras">
Amoeboceras

Amoeboceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901431" title="Amphipoanoceras">
Amphipoanoceras

Amphipoanoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901432" title="Amphistephanites">
Amphistephanites

Amphistephanites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901433" title="Ampthillia">
Ampthillia

Ampthillia is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901435" title="Anacleoniceras">
Anacleoniceras

Anacleoniceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901439" title="Anadesmoceras">
Anadesmoceras

Anadesmoceras is an hoplitid ammonite from the lower Albian (upper Lower Cretaceous) of England, included in the subfamily Cleoniceratinae. "Anadesmoceras" has a shell shaped more or less like a compressed "Cleoniceras" but with faint ornament only on the inner whorls. The shell has bundled growth striae. The aperture is preceded by several wide sinuous constrictions.
References.
Mesozoic Ammonoidea, Arkell "et al"; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part L. p.L394.

</doc>
<doc id="9901443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901443" title="Anaflemingites">
Anaflemingites

Anaflemingites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901446" title="Anagaudryceras">
Anagaudryceras

Anagaudryceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the later Cretaceous belonging to the Ammonoidea family Gaudryceratidae. "Anagaudryceras" has a moderately involute shell with a deep umbilicus and strongly ribbed outer whorl. Ribs are thick and rounded and cross over the venter uninterrupted.

</doc>
<doc id="9901449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901449" title="Anasibirites">
Anasibirites

Anasibirites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901454" title="Anatibetites">
Anatibetites

Anatibetites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901460" title="Anatomites">
Anatomites

Anatomites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901462" title="Anatropites">
Anatropites

Anatropites is a genus in the ceratitid family Tropitidae with spines instead of nodes on the umbilical shoulder, at least in early whorls. Ceratitids are mostly Triassic ammonoid cephalopods
"Anatropites" comes from British Columbia in Canada, Oregon and California in the United States, and Indonesia. The shell is in general evolute, but deeply impressed along the inner, or dorsal, margin. The whorl section is broad with flanks converging on a gently arched venter that bears a median keel. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901463" title="KAZM">
KAZM

KAZM (780 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a mixed format consisting of news, sports, variety talk, classic rock and oldies music, the Wolfman Jack show, and Coast to Coast AM at night. Licensed to Sedona, Arizona, USA. The station is currently owned by Tabback Broadcasting Co. and features programming from Fox News Radio, ESPN Radio and CBS Radio. In 2013, KAZM will add NBC Sports Radio to its list of affiliations, and carry the Erik Kuselias show on weekday evenings.
KAZM's skywave signal has been received in Green River, Wyoming, and Salt Lake City, Utah. KAZM can be received in almost the entire state of Arizona during the day.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9901466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901466" title="Anatsabites">
Anatsabites

Anatsabites is a genus of cephalopod belonging to the Atsabitidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids. 

</doc>
<doc id="9901468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901468" title="Anavirgatites">
Anavirgatites

Anavirgatites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901470" title="Anaxenaspis">
Anaxenaspis

Anaxenaspis is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901471" title="African folk art">
African folk art

African folk art (see also Tribal art) consists of a wide variety of items: household objects, metal objects, toys, textiles, masks, and wood sculpture, among others.
Metal objects.
Metal objects have many functions and meanings in Africa where forging has been regarded as an almost magical, transformative process that is likened to the creation of life itself. Ceremonial pieces, often based on utilitarian forms such as the agricultural hoe, an iwenga from the Nkutshu people of southeastern Democratic Republic of Congo, were used as special-purpose currency. Not everyday money, this currency was exchanged in the course of a significant social transaction such as marriage. Utilitarian, symbolic, and decorative; cultural significance is hammered into the products of the forge with every blow. 
In Senegal, metal objects are recycled as utilitarian African folk art.
Pottery.
Pottery is made all over the continent of Africa for functional and ritual use. Pottery, along with basketry vessels, was essential to carry and store food and water. Collecting interests includes Zambian pottery with its beautifully proportioned clay bodies decorated with fine lines that form a decorative geometric pattern. Today in Zambia, most pottery has been replaced by sheet metal and plastic, materials that are more durable and less expensive but also less attractive than a handmade clay jar.
Textiles.
The Shoowa people, a small population on the northwestern fringe of the Bushoong kingdom, Congo, have created visually delightful and colorful "ceremonial panels" that combine tradition and innovation in a complex artistic fashion. In spite of maintaining a different language and loose political ties, the Shoowa share many cultural practices with the peoples of the Bushoong kingdom. 
Ceremonial Panel — 1885–1910
An early example of Shoowa textiles is the Ceremonial Panel. This piece dates from 1885–1910, and is 17" × 59" (41.91 cm × 149.86 cm) in size. This ancient cloth is composed of two pieces joined across the center; and bordered by pompoms, a technique reported for textiles on the Kongo coast in the seventeenth century. The basic weave is typical for Shoowa with close warps and weft of similar thickness and even distribution. The designs are shaped by two embroidery techniques: lines of stem stitching and cut-pile. To create the plush effect, an embroiderer twists a strand of raffia into an iron needle which she inserts between the warp and weft, leaving a short tuft. After pulling the fiber strand through to about two milimeters in height, she cuts it with a narrow knife held vertically in the same hand and brushes both ends. 
Ceremonial Panel — 1910–1930
A second example of the Ceremonial Panel from the Shoowa people, made of woven raffia palm fiber, cut pile and linear embroidery, dating from 1910–1930, is 23" × 24" (58.2 × 59.69 cm) in size. This piece is a classic model of quality for a mid-century Shoowa cloth. It retains the major features of the late 19th century style and fine workmanship. Unlike the Bushoong, the Shoowa typically, as here, dye the foundation cloth red before embroidery and execute their designs in natural beige and dark brown. The pattern of two wide columns of interlacing is a long standing favorite Shoowa theme. The manner in which the broad columnar outlines are formed by multiple dark and light rows of stem stitching, interspersed with tiny light and dark plush motifs, called tunjoko, is another characteristic of Shoowa style. Because of the subtle distribution of light and dark across the surface, there is a convincing sense of balance despite the asymmetry. 
Ceremonial Panel — 1950–1975
A third example of the Ceremonial Panel from the Shoowa people, also made of woven raffia palm fiber, cut-pile and linear embroidery, dating from 1950–1975, is 24" × 24 1/4" (60.96 cm. × 6l.28 cm.) in size. The colorful dots (diamonds, rectangles, triangles) belong to the familiar tiny tunjoko designs seen in many Shoowa cloths. However here, instead of filling in the intervals between major motifs, they become the principal designs that fill the entire cloth. Intruding upon this dot-filled ground we see a grid of squares drawn by multiple, fine, dark-and-light embroidered lines. In front of this grid two large vertical interlace designs begin at the bottom as thin curved forms and rise crisscrossing to the top.
Museums.
The Museum of International Folk Art in Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA, has an African Folk Art collection that consists of household objects, toys, and textiles as well as masks and wood sculpture. An anonymous gift of over 40 pieces of pottery increased the geographic representation of the holdings. Alexander Girard donated many small figures and toys of wood while toys made from wire and recycled materials were collected for the exhibit. 
A recent acquisition and ongoing collecting area is metalwork from Africa. Metal objects represent a rich area for interpretation because their manufacture and use encompasses the development of technology, trade, adornment, ritual and religion, and core cultural values.
External links.
Shoowa Design, African Textiles from the Kingdom of Kuba, by Georges Meurant,Thames & Hudson 1986

</doc>
<doc id="9901472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901472" title="Giffnock Synagogue">
Giffnock Synagogue

Giffnock and Newlands Synagogue, located at 222 Fenwick Road in Giffnock, East Renfrewshire (on the south side of Glasgow), is the largest Jewish religious congregation in Scotland. The synagogue also features a religious day school for both children and teenagers.
Spiritual leadership.
The congregation is led by Rabbi Moshe Rubin who originally hails from the United States having joined the community in 1990, first serving as their Cantor. He was asked to take over the pulpit upon the retirement of the previous Rabbi (Rabbi Philip Greenberg) in 1999 (Rabbi Greenberg retired in 1998). Giffnock's Cantor from 1964 to 1990 (then Emeritus Cantor) was the late Rev Ernest Levy OBE (d.August 2009). The Cantor for the High Holydays since 2008 has been Mr. Russell Grossman, of London.
Brief History and Community.
Founded in 1934 approximately, the synagogue stood at May Terrace in Giffnock until 1968. The new current complex was erected on Maryville Avenue. Giffnock Synagogue is described as a "provincial synagogue". As an affiliate member of the United Synagogue organization of Great Britain, it is under the aegis of the Chief Rabbi. It is the largest Jewish community in Scotland. Services are conducted in the Ashkenazi Orthodox ritual.

</doc>
<doc id="9901473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901473" title="Ancyloceras">
Ancyloceras

Ancyloceras is an extinct genus of heteromorph ammonite cephalopod found throughout the world during the Lower Cretaceous, from the Lower Barremian epoch until the genus extinction during the Lower Aptian.

</doc>
<doc id="9901485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901485" title="Asaphoceras">
Asaphoceras

Asaphoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="9901489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9901489" title="Asapholytoceras">
Asapholytoceras

Asapholytoceras is a lytoceratid ammonite, originally from the upper Lower Jurassic of southeastern Europe with high, compressed whorls and a sharp angle to the umbilical shoulder. The exposed suture has four primary lobes on either side; the internal dorsal lobe is not cruciform (i.e. shaped in a cross). 
"Asapholytoceras" is included in the lytoceratid subfamily Megalytoceratinae, along with "Metrolytoceras" and "Megalytoceras".

</doc>
