<doc id="9856674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856674" title="Buyer agency agreement">
Buyer agency agreement

Buyer Agency Agreements are where a Realtor represents the buyer of real estate.
Creation.
With the advent of "Buyer Agency" (Buyer Brokerage) in the early 1990s as opposed to seller agency, a real estate Agent/Broker agrees and contracts to represent the Buyer in her purchase of a home/property. Buyer Agency Agreements were developed to set out the terms and conditions of this representation. They are similar to the written "Listing Agreements", required between Listing Agents and Sellers (property owners). Buyer Agency Agreements set out the main conditions of the relationship between the Buyer Agent and her Buyer Client including such things as the duration of the agreement, the commission to be earned/paid, and the various rights, duties and obligations of the parties.
Fiduciary duties.
The Buyer Agent owes fiduciary duties to the Buyer under this relationship and agreement, including fidelity, honesty, dedication to purpose, acting in the Buyer's best interests, etc. The commission to be paid to the Buyer's Agent in the Buyer Agency Agreement, though ultimately the Buyer's obligation, is generally offset in whole or in part against the share, or "co-op", commission offered by the Listing Agent through the Multiple Listing Service ("MLS"). 
An exclusive buyer agent is a real estate agent who works for a company that does not ever represent sellers in real estate transactions. Exclusive buyer agents (and their clients) avoid the conflict of interest of working with an agent who promotes their listings or their firm's listings. It is beneficial to a buyer to have representation because the agent is responsible for acquiring information on the property and advising the buyer based on that information. Without an agreement, the agent may not have an obligation to work with the buyer's best interests in mind.
Conflict of interest.
A Realtor that is acting as a Buyer's Agent has a significant economic conflict of interest if their commission is split with the Seller's Agent, as in most real estate transactions. Because a commissioned Buyer's Agent is paid more if the Buyer pays more money, the Buyer's Agent has a direct economic incentive to make the Buyer pay more for a property.

</doc>
<doc id="9856700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856700" title="Lotte Mart">
Lotte Mart

Lotte Mart is an east Asian hypermarket that sells a variety of groceries, clothing, toys, electronics, and other goods, with headquarters in Japan and South Korea. Lotte Mart is a division of the Lotte Co., Ltd. which sells food and shopping services in South Korea and Japan. Lotte Mart, part of the Korean conglomerate "Lotte", opened its first branch at Guui-dong, GangByeon, Seoul, Korea on April 1, 1998. In 2006, Lotte Mart opened its first overseas branch. As of August 8, 2011, Lotte Mart had 199 branches (92 branches in Korea, 82 branches in China, 23 branches in Indonesia, and 2 branches in Vietnam). The brands that Lotte created and sell include Herbon, Wiselect, Withone, Basicicon, Tasse Tasse, and Gerard Darel.
Operating divisions.
International locations.
China.
In December 2007, Lotte Mart bought out Makro, an established supermarket chain from the Netherlands. By purchasing Makro, Lotte Mart was able to gain access to the Chinese market. This was the first time Korean retail had entered the Chinese market. There are now 82 branches of Lotte Mart in China.
Indonesia.
Continuing their expansion plans, in October 2008, Lotte bought PT Makro Indonesia. PT Makro Indonesia ran 19 stores in Indonesia. This was also the first time Korean retail had entered the Indonesian market.
Vietnam.
On December 18, 2008 Lotte Mart established its first Vietnamese branch in the 7th District of Ho Chi Minh.
Toys R Us.
Lotte Mart made a licensed contract with the biggest toy store in the world Toys R Us in December 2007. The first Toys R Us opened in South Korea on December 8, 2007. It was opened in the 37,000 square feet Lotte Mart Guro Branch in Seoul, Korea. Other Toys R Us locations are in Guri, Incheon, Samsan, and Jamsil. These Toys R Us offer an extensive collection of toys, children’s clothes, and baby products from around the world. The Lotte Mart Company planned to open 20 more Toys R Us stores by 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9856703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856703" title="Fort Vijfhuizen">
Fort Vijfhuizen

Fort Vijfhuizen is one of forty-two forts in the Defense Line of Amsterdam (Dutch: "stelling van Amsterdam"), a World Heritage Site. It is located in the town of Vijfhuizen on the "ringvaart" which surrounds the Haarlemmermeer polder. The main fort is currently maintained by a charitable foundation called "Kunstfort Vijfhuizen" which leases space for twelve artist studios and a restaurant.
The fort is situated on a hill surrounded by a moat and accessible during opening hours. It was built in 1889-1890 with sand taken from the excavations for a new sluice-gate complex in IJmuiden. On 3 May 1943 an American Ventura bomber crashed into the moat.
South of this fort, also along the "ringvaart", is the first fore position of the fort, currently part of a golf course. A bit further south is yet another fore position at fort Cruquius, just south of the Cruquius Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9856706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856706" title="Feind Hört Mit">
Feind Hört Mit

Feind Hört Mit ( enemy listens in) is an album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer. It was released on April 27, 1999. The album's text is largely written in a font of Cyrillic letters, though the words are German. The limited edition was limited to only 2,000 copies each with a number on the back.
The text at the bottom of the album cover reads "Goldenes Zepter nur ein Stock in des Königs Hand. Wer nicht wagt der darf nicht hoffen auf ein schöner Land". Roughly translated, this means "A golden scepter is only a stick in the hand of a king. Who dares not, shouldn't hope for a beautiful country".

</doc>
<doc id="9856734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856734" title="Aminu Saleh">
Aminu Saleh

Aminu Saleh is a Nigerian administrator, former Finance Minister, and permanent secretary in the Nigerian ministry of Defense. He became the chairman of the National Qu'ranic Recitation Committee in 2006.
He is an indigene of Bauchi State and has served in various capacities at both the state and the federal level. He served Obasanjo's regime in the 1970s and Abacha's beginning in 1992.
Saleh is also the owner of a Nigerian beverage known as "Brahma and Tandi Guarana" and a shareholder in various Nigeria-based industries. He is currently a member of Vision 2010.
Born in 1933 in Azare, Katagum LG, Bauchi State. Attended elementary school in Azare 1941-44, Bauchi middle school 1944-49, attended clerical training college Zaria, 1950-51 attended institute of administration Zaria for diploma in accounting 1956-57. He was on an evening university degree course in University of Lagos 1963-67, he had attended post graduate course in management in University of Wisconsin in USA.
WORKING EXPERIENCE
Joined the Katagum Native Authority in 1949, became Katagum Native Authority Treasurer in 1957, transferred to Federal Government in 1962. He was under Dr. Pius Okigbo the then Economic Adviser to the Prime Minister (2), his pupilage in budget and national plan techniques under Dr. Edwin Ogbu Permanent Secretary Fed. Min. of Finance who later became Nigeria’s permanent representative to the United Nations, (3) the rigorous drills he regularly had in financial discipline and management in the hands of Abdul-Aziz Attah the Permanent Secretary Fed. Min. of Finance and later SGF, (4) the induction he went through in contract negotiations, preparation and its administrative supervision under Engr. S.O. Williams Perm. Sec. Min. of Communication who later became the Fed. Minister of Communication, and (5) lastly and not the least the humble and able Dr. Bukar Sha’ibu Perm. Sec. Fed. Min. of Agric, a sober person who asked him to look for order and justice, who later became Nigeria’s representative at the World Food and Agricultural Organization.
APPOINTMENTS HELD
Deputy Perm. Sec. in the Federal Ministries of Finance, Communication and Agriculture. He became Federal Perm. Sec. in the Fed. Ministry of Communication, Trade and Defence, went on voluntary retirement in 1984.
He was appointed Fed. Minister of Industries 1993, Fed. Minister of Finance and Secretary to the Government of the Federation and Head of Federal Civil Service. Led the creation, establishment, funding and running of the Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF). Participated actively in original thoughts and preparation of vision 2010.
MEMBERSHIP OF FEDERAL BOARDS
Member Board of Governors University Teaching Hospital Ibadan 1963, 1964, 1965.
Member Board of Governors Lagos Teaching Hospital, 1966, 1967.
Member Provisional Council University of Lagos, when Justice Taylor was the Chairman, Professor Biobaku was the Vice Chancellor and Chief Eke was the Registrar, 1969, 1970.
APPOINTMENTS AT BAUCHI STATE LEVEL
He was appointed Chairman Elders Advisory Committee, Chairman Committee on the Creation of Katagum State, Chairman Committee on Kafin Zaki Dam, by the Bauchi State Government. He was appointed Chairman Bauchi State Constitution Review Committee. He is Member of National Honours and Merit Award Committee.
AWARDS
He was awarded GCON by Abdulsalami administration but denied by Obasanjo, awarded Doctorate LLD, ATBU Bauchi, awarded Grand Commander of the Nigerian Students by NANS, and was given Prestigious Merit Award by NUBASS, he was awarded CFR by President Umaru Yar’adu.
PAPER PRESENTED
He had presented many papers to a number of bodies such as
1) Paper presented to an induction course of Fed. Perm. Sec. and Directors General under the chairmanship of Prof. A A Adedeje, a paper on Budgeting the Nigerian Experience.
2) Presented a paper to annual conference of Nigerian Institution of Mechanical Engineers Kaduna on Energy Development.
3) Presented a paper to 50th Anniversary of Katagum Student Association (KSA)
4) Presented a paper to 2008 Annual Dinner of Nigerian Society of Engineers Bauchi.

</doc>
<doc id="9856736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856736" title="Małkinia Górna">
Małkinia Górna

Małkinia Górna is a large village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with about 6,000 inhabitants (2005). It is the seat of the administrative district called Gmina Małkinia Górna.
Małkinia is a railway junction. There, the main line between Warsaw and Białystok crosses with the secondary-importance connection Ostrołęka - Siedlce. During World War II the Nazi Treblinka extermination camp was located nearby. Victims were often held in locked trains at the Małkinia railway station awaiting transport into the camp.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9856737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856737" title="Ulrika Pasch">
Ulrika Pasch

Ulrika Fredrica Pasch (10 July 1735 – 2 April 1796), also known as Ulla Pasch, was a Swedish painter and miniaturist. She was one of few female artists known in Scandinavia before the 19th century. She was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts (1773).
Biography.
Ulrika Pasch was born in an artistic family, daughter of the painter Lorens Pasch the Elder, and sister of the future painter Lorens Pasch the Younger. Her uncle, Johan Pasch, was also a painter.
In the 1750s, when her brother was studying art abroad, her father's career declined severely, and Ulrika was forced to become a housekeeper in the home of her maternal aunt's widower. Her uncle however allowed her to spend a lot of time developing her artistic talent, and from 1756, she had become a professional portrait painter and was able to support her father and her sister in this way. After her father's death, she lived with her sister and set up her own studio.
When her brother returned to Sweden in 1766, she had been a professional artist for ten years and her clientele had moved from the middle class to the upper classes and the aristocracy. Ulrika Pasch and her brother then worked together as professional artists, shared their studio and guided each other in their work; their collaboration was one of mutual respect and harmony, and she is known to have helped him painting the textiles and costumes, a work he found tiring. Their baby-sister Helena Sofia (1744–96) took care of their household; she is described as somewhat talented in art as well, but she spent her life as her siblings "dutiful" house-keeper, and is said to have been deeply devoted to especially Ulrika.
Ulrika Pasch was described as a humble person, and never officially considered her work to be much more than a way of supporting herself, but she continued to work until her death and she had great success; from the late 1760s, she was often employed by the court, painting portraits of the members of the royal family. In 1773, she was elected to the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts together with her brother, a recognition which seem to have been considered to be well deserved within the academy, although she never received a pension from the crown despite repeated appeals.
Ulrika Pasch is the most famous and successful female artist in Sweden and perhaps also the rest of Scandinavia (among artists who actually worked in these countries) before the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9856767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856767" title="Bangalore Mirror">
Bangalore Mirror

Bangalore Mirror is a daily English-language newspaper published in Bangalore, India.
"Vijay Times".
"Vijay Times" was an English newspaper started by Vijayananda printers during December 2002. The newspaper along with other sister publications was bought by the Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. in 2006, publishers of India's leading newspaper, "The Times of India". It ceased publication on 7 June 2007, and was replaced by the "Bangalore Mirror".

</doc>
<doc id="9856770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856770" title="Logie Coldstone">
Logie Coldstone

Logie Coldstone () is an Aberdeenshire village north of the River Dee, near Tarland in the Cromar, a basin of land cut out of the Grampian foothills between Aboyne and Ballater.

</doc>
<doc id="9856771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856771" title="Book building">
Book building

Book building refers to the process of generating, capturing, and recording investor demand for shares during an Initial Public Offering (IPO), or other securities during their issuance process, in order to support efficient price discovery. Usually, the issuer appoints a major investment bank to act as a major securities underwriter or bookrunner. The “book” is the off-market collation of investor demand by the bookrunner and is confidential to the bookrunner, issuer, and underwriter. Where shares are acquired, or transferred via a bookbuild, the transfer occurs off-market, and the transfer is not guaranteed by an exchange’s clearing house. Where an underwriter has been appointed, the underwriter bears the risk of non-payment by an acquirer or non-delivery by the seller.
Book building is a common practice in developed countries and has recently been making inroads into emerging markets as well. Bids may be submitted on-line, but the book is maintained off-market by the bookrunner and bids are confidential to the bookrunner. Unlike a public issue, the book building route will see minimum number of applications and large order size per application. The price at which new shares are issued is determined after the book is closed at the discretion of the bookrunner in consultation with the issuer. Generally, bidding is by invitation only to high-networth clients of the bookrunner and, if any, lead manager, or co-manager. Generally, securities laws require additional disclosure requirements to be met if the issue is to be offered to all investors. Consequently, participation in a book build may be limited to certain classes of investors. If retail clients are invited to bid, retail bidders are generally required to bid at the final price, which is unknown at the time of the bid, due to the impracticability of collecting multiple price point bids from each retail client. Although bidding is by invitation, the issuer and bookrunner retain discretion to give some bidders a greater allocation of their bids than other investors. Typically, large institutional bidders receive preference over smaller retail bidders, by receiving a greater allocation as a proportion of their initial bid. All bookbuilding is conducted ‘off-market’ and most stock exchanges have rules that require that on-market trading be halted during the bookbuilding process.
The key differences between acquiring shares via a bookbuild (conducted off-market) and trading (conducted on-market) are: 1) bids into the book are confidential vs transparent bid and ask prices on a stock exchange; 2) bidding is by invitation only (only high-networth clients of the bookrunner and any co-managers may bid); 3) the bookrunner and the issuer determine the price of the shares to be issued and the allocations of shares between bidders in their absolute discretion; 4) all shares are issued or transferred at the same price whereas on-market acquisitions provide for a multiple trading prices.
The bookrunner collects bids from investors at various prices, between the floor price and the cap price. Bids can be revised by the bidder before the book closes. The process aims at tapping both wholesale and retail investors. The final issue price is not determined until the end of the process when the book has closed. After the close of the book building period, the book runner evaluates the collected bids on the basis of certain evaluation criteria and sets the final issue price.
If demand is high enough, the book can be oversubscribed. In these case the greenshoe option is triggered.
Book building is essentially a process used by companies raising capital through public offerings—both initial public offers (IPOs) or follow-on public offers (FPOs) to aid price and demand discovery. It is a mechanism where, during the period for which the book for the offer is open, the bids are collected from investors at various prices, which are within the price band specified by the issuer. The process is directed towards both the institutional as well as the retail investors. The issue price is determined after the bid closure based on the demand generated in the process.
Book Building Process.
When a company wants to raise money it plans on offering its stock to the public. This is typically takes place through either an IPO or an FPO (follow-on public offers). The book building process helps determine the value of the security. Once a company determines it wants to have an IPO, it will then contact a book runner or a lead manager. The book runner will determine the price range it is willing to sell the stock. The book runner will then send out the draft prospectus to potential investors. Generally, the issue stays open for five days. At the end of the five days, the book runner determines the demand of the stock for its given price range. Once the cost of the stock has been determined, then the issuing company can decide how to divide its stock at the determined price to its bidders.
Real Life Application.
Before Facebook's IPO, the book building process was used to determined how much the stock was worth before it was sold to the public. Morgan Stanley was the lead investor for Facebook's IPO. Initially, the stock was thought to be determined between $28 and $35 a share. The week before the stock was sold, the demand for the stock was sufficient to increase the price between $34 to $38 a share. Once the stock was offered Morgan Stanley tried to prevent the stock from falling below $38 a share in order to prevent the IPO from being considered a failure. Since Facebook stock initially had a high demand, but this demand fell and its price consequently fell it was considered that Facebook was overvalued when it was sold at its initial public offering. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856776" title="1950–51 British Home Championship">
1950–51 British Home Championship

The 1950-51 British Home Championship football tournament was the Home Nations follow-up to England's disastrous appearance at their first World Cup, the 1950 FIFA World Cup in Brazil. There the much vaunted English had been beaten by the USA and Spain. The Scots had refused to go, and the Welsh and the Irish had failed to qualify. The Scots went on to capitalise on the demoralised English by taking the Home Championship away from them too.
The tournament began with wins for the favourites away from home, England beating the Irish and Scotland the Welsh. In the second matches, this dominance was emphasised with powerful wins by England in Sunderland over the Welsh and Scotland who beat the Irish 6–1 including four goals from Billy Steel. In the final game at Wembley Stadium, a tense and furious game brought the trophy to Scotland, who finished 3–2 winners. Wales had already beaten Ireland to claim third spot.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9856794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856794" title="Bukit Tagar Landfill">
Bukit Tagar Landfill

Bukit Tagar Landfill is a landfill in Bukit Tagar, Selangor.

</doc>
<doc id="9856797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856797" title="Hanne Blank">
Hanne Blank

Hanne Blank (February 25, 1969) Born in Northampton, Massachusetts, U.S., Hanne Blank is a historian, writer, editor and public speaker. She has also edited and written erotica but is retired from that genre. Blank believes in civil rights in general and fat rights in particular. She says: "For me, as a progressive feminist, opposing the whole range of physical-body-based prejudices and stigmas is all of a piece. Fatness and fat rights happen to be two of my personal issues, so it's a topic I can speak to from the inside. But fat politics are not separate from my overall politics of inclusion and human value."
Biography.
Hanne Blank grew up in the greater Cleveland, Ohio area, became a classically trained musician and then a formally educated historian. As an independent scholar, her most recent post was as the 2004-2005 Scholar of the Institute For Teaching and Research on Women at Towson University, Maryland.
Ms. Blank is a former co-editor of Scarletletters.com (online "publisher of sex-positive, original, visionary creative and artistic work of all kinds") and Scarleteen.com with Heather Corinna. She is a former associate editor of Sojourner: The Women's Forum, and has also written sex columns for the Boston Phoenix and Good Vibes Magazine.
As an instructor (prior to becoming a full-time writer/editor), she taught at the university level at Brandeis University, Tufts University and Whitworth College. As a musician, she was a Fellow of the Boston University Tanglewood Institute and was the 1991 recipient of the George Whitefield Chadwick medal for work as a proponent of contemporary art music.
Her most recent book, the first revision of her 2000 title "Big Big Love: A Sex and Relationships Guide for People of Size (and Those Who Love Them)", was published by Celestial Arts in September, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9856799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856799" title="Tim Dellor">
Tim Dellor

Timothy Paul Dellor is a radio presenter on BBC Berkshire.
Biography.
Born in Reading, Berkshire in 1975 to Ralph Dellor and his wife, he grew up in Woolhampton, Berkshire, and attended Bradfield College. Dellor graduated from the University of Gloucestershire with a bachelor's degree in Sport and Exercise Science and Geography and from the London Institute with a master's degree in Broadcast Journalism.
Dellor works for the England Cricket Board as their "Head Coach-Lead Tutor". He runs the Level 3 coaching programme, developing the skills of elite coaches. 
He will soon become a Level 4 ECB-qualified coach, and used to coach Berkshire Minor County Cricket first team and was once head of their Elite Player programme. He was also head coach to GreeceGreece national cricket team for 9 years, winning the ECC Trophy in 1999.
Dellor is also a sports commentator and reporter with the BBC.
Dellor's position as Reading Football commentator gives him a huge amount of leverage over Reading FC. He was connected to the sacking of Brendan Rodgers as it was felt by some fans that the manager's outburst on air and rudeness to Dellor may have been indicative of his imminent dismissal.
He is one of the countries most accomplished rowing commentators, having covered recent World Championships, World Cups and Olympic Games. For his coverage of the Olympic Games he won the Gold Frank Gillard Award for best radio sports coverage in 2012. He is also a regular commentator at big flat horse racing meetings, and has covered every Royal Ascot over the past decade.
Dellor also reports on Championship football for BBC South Today.
Personal life.
Dellor married Amanda Sutton at St Bartholomew's church in Nettlebed, Oxfordshire in December 2005. Sutton is a BBC Berkshire broadcast journalist, who often wrote sports reports on Reading Hockey Club. They had worked closely together in November 2004 covering the Ufton Nervet rail crash.
They have two children and live in the South Oxfordshire village of Nettlebed.
References.
http://www.footballwriters.co.uk/features/my-week-alex-pearce/

</doc>
<doc id="9856800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856800" title="Peake, South Australia">
Peake, South Australia

Peake is a small rural community in South Australia situated along the Mallee Highway (B12), approximately 150 km east of Adelaide. At the 2006 census, Peake had a population of 231.
History.
Peake was settled in 1912 as a farming community and named after the Premier at the time, Archibald Henry Peake (1909). Along one of the major railway lines of the time, many settlers and travelers passed along the route.
In 1995, the District Council of Peake amalgamated with the District Council of Peake and Meningie District Council to form the Coorong District Council.
Peake Historical Walk.
A walk established for visitors to show the historic landmarks of Peake. The relatively short walk takes highlights all of the first facilities built when the town was settled in the 1900s.
The first historical landmark is Polly's Well which is located next to the rest stop. Polly's Well was sunk in 1877 and supplied the whole town with water. The next stop on the walk is the old Station Masters house which was built in 1912. The last station master died in the house and was found weeks later. Next there is the Peake store (built 1937) which is now used as the Tavern. The other historic facilities that are still being used to this day are the Post Office (1912) and the Bakehouse/Church (1908). The final landmarks include Peake School (1929), Butcher Shop (1900s), Saddlery (1912) and the town Garage which was used from 1956 to 1974.
Pamphlets are available at the rest stop opposite the town oval.
Events.
A Christian youth music festival, "Silos 07", organised by former residents of the Peake area and the local Baptist church, was held in early March 2007 at the local football ground. Following the success of this event, Silos 08 was held on 11 October 2008, featuring Matt Corby and Fatis Valor as the headline artists. The town population grows by 10 fold during the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9856829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856829" title="Los de Abajo (disambiguation)">
Los de Abajo (disambiguation)

Los de Abajo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9856843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856843" title="Kagurazaka">
Kagurazaka

History.
The main road of Kagurazaka was once at the outer edge of Edo Castle, opposite the Ushigome bridge over the castle moat, and has always been busy because of this privileged location. In the early 20th century, the area was renowned for its numerous geisha houses, of which several remain today. Currently, Kagurazaka is experiencing a popularity boom due to its traditional, sophisticated atmosphere on the edge of modern Shinjuku ward and proximity to Waseda University. 
While it retains a traditional Japanese atmosphere, Kagurazaka now boasts a significant French presence with many French expatriates living in the area due to the proximity of l'Institut Franco-Japonais de Tokyo and the Lycée franco-japonais de Tokyo's primary section. Kagurazaka also boasts Tokyo's largest concentration of French eateries.
Kagurazaka is also widely regarded as an important center of Japanese cuisine within the Kanto region. Several old and famous "ryōtei" are to be found in the winding back streets, often accessible only by foot. These ryotei provide expensive "kaiseki" cuisine, which is generally regarded as the pinnacle of Japanese food. Ryotei also allow diners to invite geisha to provide entertainment during the course of the evening.
Miscellaneous.
The Kagurazaka Awa Odori (Japanese: 阿波踊り) festival is held the fourth Friday and Saturday each July.
Akagi Shrine (Akagi Jinja/赤城神社) was formerly found at the top end of Kagurazaka. It was recently redeveloped with a new shrine and apartment complex, designed by world renown architect Kengo Kuma, and opened to the public in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9856873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856873" title="Fiol's Octoechos">
Fiol's Octoechos

Fiol's Octoechos is an incunabulum octoechos, the first printed book in the Cyrillic script. It was printed by Schweipolt Fiol, a German native of Franconia, in 1491 in Cracow.
The only complete copy, of seven remaining, of "Oktoikh" is kept by the Russian State Library in Moscow. In the past this copy belonged to Johann Hess (1490–1547), a Wroclaw (Breslau) bibliophile and reformer.

</doc>
<doc id="9856879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856879" title="Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures">
Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures

Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures is a fantasy novel, written and comically illustrated by German author Walter Moers.
Plot introduction.
The story follows the progress of a young Wolperting (a wolf-deer hybrid as the tales go) who is dubbed Rumo, after the famous card game. When an entire city of Wolpertings called Wolperting, where civilized Wolpertings go to live, socialize, and even play chess goes missing it is up to Rumo to save the day.
Plot summary.
The novel takes place on the fictional continent of Zamonia, which is also featured in Moers' previous effort "The 13 Lives of Captain Bluebear". While "Rumo" is not a prequel to "Bluebear" the two do have many parallel events, and returning characters such as Volzotan Smyke,Professor Nightingale, Fredda the Alpine Imp.
The first book follows Rumo's childhood, beginning at puppyhood. From an early age he is able to scent colored threads in the atmosphere--one being a Silver Thread, which he is compelled to follow. Unfortunately, all of the Hackonian Dwarves and Rumo are kidnapped by the Demonocles, a breed of giant Demons that delight in eating living things alive (in opposition to many Zamonians). While in the Demonocles' prison, Rumo meets and is befriended by the Shark Grub Volzotan Smyke. Smyke names him Rumo and teaches him to speak, watching him grow into a Wolperting - a strong canine creature with small horns and high intelligence. They eventually devise a plan to escape the Demonocles' clutches using Rumo's newfound speed, cunning, and incredible ability to fight. Rumo and Smyke adventure together, but eventually they decide to go their separate ways, since Smyke wants to find civilization, and Rumo wants to follow the mysterious Silver Thread. The Thread leads him to a city named Wolperting, full of Wolpertingers and immensely guarded. Rumo discovers the source of his Silver Thread - a beautiful girl Wolperting named Rala. After discovering what a girl was from his "assigned municipal friend" Urs, he falls in love with her, but cannot seem to catch her attention, until his Master in woodcarving suggests a "Three-fold Token". Rumo, with his newfound two-pronged knife Dandelion, he sets out into Nurn Forest to singlehandedly kill the Monsters, obtain a Nurn Leaf, and carve a casket for Rala. Upon his return, the enigmatic Black Dome has opened, revealing an entrance to the Netherworld. Scenting the Silver Thread, Rumo descends into the dark to rescue the others.
Smyke's story during the first book recounts his return to civilization and his drink of the Wine of Death. His ghostly, decrepit apparition foretells "They'll be coming for you." When Smyke returns from his ghastly hallucination, he attempts to find Professor Kolibri who was last seen embarking to Murkholm, a city immersed in a mysterious fog. Smyke's appetite for knowledge leads him to follow the Nocturnomath, and he finds Kolibri's study strangely empty. However, Kolibri's diary is recovered by Smyke, and he flips through it. The account shows Kolibri's descent into madness, and his eventual realization of the evil of Murkholm. Just then, the Murkholmers appear and Smyke realizes--
"They've come for me."
The second book describes Rumo's journey to Hel--a kingdom ruled by Gornab the Ninety-Ninth, a cruel tyrant who is misshapen and insane. Among the inhabitants are the Dead Yetis, the Vrahoks,and Friftar, Gornab's right-hand man and translator who plans to overthrow the throne. General Tick-Tock, a fairly new citizen, takes Rala from the abducted group of Wolpertingers, and uses her to perfect his machine of torture (the Metal Maiden). Rumo, after passing through several deadly trials, is led to Hel by Ribble and his master. Rumo and the other Wolpertingers (along with Smyke and Professor Kolibri) eventually rouse a rebellion and escape back to the Overworld. As the story closes, Rumo approaches Rala's house, holding the casket in hand. The story ends with Nightingale's saying, "Some miracles can only happen in the dark."

</doc>
<doc id="9856891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856891" title="Bukit Tagar">
Bukit Tagar

Bukit Tagar is an area in Hulu Selangor district, Selangor, Malaysia. The Bukit Tagar Landfill is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="9856912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856912" title="Mike Salmon">
Mike Salmon

Michael "Mike" Salmon (born July 14, 1964 in Leyland, Lancashire) is an English football player and coach.
Career.
During his playing days, Salmon was a goalkeeper, best known for his ten-year spell at Charlton Athletic. He started as a trainee with Blackburn Rovers, making his debut in a 1-1 draw against Chelsea. He also gained lots of experience early in his career with Chester City, Stockport County, Bolton Wanderers and Wrexham before joining the Addicks in 1989. In and out of the first team at Charlton over the years due to a catalogue of injuries, he made 148 league appearances, before a serious cruciate ligament injury, sustained in 1998 against Manchester City at Maine Road, put an end to his 1st Team career. A disastrous single game loan at Oxford United saw him concede seven goals. He finished his playing career at Premier League team Ipswich Town, as the back up keeper to England goalkeeper Richard Wright. He retired in 2002 having made around 500 1st team appearances and took up coaching.
Coaching career.
In 2002 he joined Arsenal as goalkeeping coach. He also coached the 1st Team keepers at Gillingham from 2002 to 2004. He remained with Arsenal until he emigrated to Canada with his family in 2007. He was the goalkeeper coach for Vancouver Whitecaps FC in the MLS until 2011.
A highly qualified and respected coach, Salmon holds an English Football Association Goalkeeping 'A' License and a UEFA 'A' Coaching License.

</doc>
<doc id="9856922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856922" title="Tine Scheuer-Larsen">
Tine Scheuer-Larsen

Tine Scheuer-Larsen (born March 13, 1966 in Ølstykke, Hovedstaden) is a retired female tennis player from Denmark, who reached her highest individual ranking on September 29, 1986, when she became the number 34 of the world. She became a professional in 1980 and retired in 1994, having won seven doubles titles on the WTA Tour.
Scheuer-Larsen is also one of three players to record a golden set in the professional era. In the 1995 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone, she achieved a golden set against Mmaphala Letsatle. She went on to win the match 6–0, 6–0.

</doc>
<doc id="9856924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856924" title="Karim Emami">
Karim Emami

Karim Emami () (born 26 May 1930, Calcutta, India – 9 July 2005, Tehran, Iran) was a highly regarded Iranian translator, editor, lexicographer, and literary critic.
Life.
Emami was born in 1930 in Calcutta, a frequent destination of his father, a tea merchant. He learned his first English words from his father and returned to Shiraz in Iran when he was two years old.
Emami studied English literature at University of Tehran and at the University of Minnesota. He became a journalist in the early 1950s for the English language Tehran daily "Keyhan International". During the 1960s, he translated contemporary Persian poetry into English. In 1967, he was named editor in chief at Franklin Books, where he was instrumental in the publication of quality books and training younger writers and editors. He also founded Soroush Press, the publishing arm of National Iranian Radio and Television, and established the Zamineh bookstore in Tehran, a meeting place for writers, intellectuals, and book lovers.
In the final decade of his life he was an active contributor to Motarjem, an Iranian quarterly dedicated to the translation and translators. He was responsible for "Kargahe Tarjome" (translation workshops) section of the magazine.He died of leukemia in Tehran.
Selected works.
1. Books in Persian:
Payāmi dar rāh: Naẓari be šeʿr va naqqāši-e Sepehri, (A message on the way: A collection of three essays by Dāriuš Āšuri, Ḥosayn Maʿṣoumi Hamedani and Karim Emami), ed. Karim Emami, Tehran, 1980.
ʿAkkāsi-e siāh o sefid (Black-and-white photography), Karim Emami et al., Tehran, 1981.
Panj negāh be ḵāk (Five ways of looking at the earth), a collection of 63 pictures by five Iranian photographers: Mehdi Ḵᵛānsāri, Bahman Jalāli, Yaḥyā Dehqānpur, Mahšid Farahmand, and Karim Emami), ed., Karim Emami, Tehran, 1982.
Čeguna film-e ʿarusaki besāzim (How to make animated movies), Karim Emami et al., Tehran, 2000.
2. Translations into Persian:
Arthur Charles Clarke, Man and Space (1968), as Ensān o fażā, Tehran, 1970.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, as Mājarāhā-ye Sherlock Holmes (1993–1998), 4 vols.
Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby (1925), as Gatsbi-e bozorg (Ṭalā va ḵākestar), Tehran, 1965.
Alex La Guma, Apartheid, ed., Tehran, 1981.
David Lodge, Graham Greene (1966), Tehran, 1974.
John Osborne, Look Back in Anger (1956), as Bā ḵašm be yād ār, Tehran, 1963.
Herbert Read, A Concise History of Modern Painting (1956–74), as Tāriḵča-ye naqqāši-e novin, forthcoming.
Sir Denis Wright, The Persians Amongst the English (1985), as Irāniān dar miān-e Engelisihā, Tehran, 1987.
3. Translations into English:
Jalal Al-e Ahmad, “Crisis in Education: The School Principal,” Michael Hillmann, ed. Iranian Society: An Anthology of Writings by Jalal Al-e Ahmad, Kentucky, 1988, pp. 80–88.
Forugh Farrokhzad, “Another Birth,” Michael Hillmann, ed. A Lonely Woman: Forugh Farrokhzad and Her Poetry, Washington D. C., 1987, pp. 111–13.
Omar Khayyam (72 quatrains), TheWine of Nishapur: A Photographer’s Promenade in the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam, Paris, 1988.
Sohrab Sepehri, “Water’s Footsteps,” Iranian Studies, 15/1-4, 1982, pp. 97–116. Idem, The Lover is Always Alone, Tehran, 2003.
Emami compiled several exhibition catalogues, including Art in Iran (Iran-America Society, Tehran, 1965); A Collection of Saqqā-ḵāna Paintings (Iran-America Society, Tehran, 1967); and Modern Iranian Art: A Retrospective Exhibition (Iran-America Society, Tehran, 1976). He published numerous articles on literature, cinema, art and archeology in Keyhan International, including: “Crucial Test for Iranian Cinema,” (August 12, 1964, p. 6), “Contemporary Iranian Literature in the Mirror,” (May 21, 1965, p. 5), “An Eyeful of Art in Goethe’s Garden,” (June 6, 1968, p. 6), and “Contemporary Iranian Literature in the Mirror,” (May 21, 1965, p. 5).
Sources. Iraj Afšār, “Tāzahā va pārahā-ye Irānšenāsi,” Bukhara, 53, Summer 2006, pp. 130–67. Sirus ʿAlinežād, “Meṯl-e Aḵavān, meṯl-e Foruḡ, meṯl-e Emāmi,’ available online (accessed 20 July 2009).
Dāriuš Āšuri, “Šarāb-e Neišābur,” Irannameh, 8/1,winter 1989.
ʿAbd-al-Ḥosayn Āzarang, “Pišgoftār,” in Karim Emami, Dar gir o dār ketāb o našr, Tehran, 2006.
“Idem, Jāygāh-e Karim Emāmi dar našr o virāyeš,”Bukhara, no. 53, Summer 2006, pp. 493-7.
Shaul Bakkash, “Yād-e doust,” Bukhara 42, 2005a, pp. 406–11.
Idem, “Karim Emami: 1930-2005,” 2005b, available online (accessed 20 July 2009).
Karim Emami, Az past o boland-e tarjoma (The ins and outs of translation), vol. I, Tehran, 1993; vol. II. ed.ʿAbd-al-Ḥosayn Āzarang and Možda Daqiqi, Tehran, 2006.
Idem, “Az Kayhan, Farnklin, va Soruš,” Tāriḵ-e šafāhi-e našr-e Iran (Oral History: Publishing Industry in Iran), ed. ʿAbd-al-Ḥosayn Āzarang, and ʿAli Dehbāši, Tehran, 2004.
Idem, Dar gir o dār-e ketāb o našr, Tehran, 2006.
Nazila Fathi, “ Karim Emami,” The New York Times, July 13, 2005.
Ebrāhim Golestān, “Pāyān-e in nemād-e niki-e bihamtā,” Bukhara 42, Summer 2005.
ʿAli Ḵazāʾifar, “Az šomār-e dow čašm yek tan kam,” Bukhara 42, Summer 2005, pp. 399–405.
Ḥosayn Maʿṣumi Hamadāni, “Bāḡbān-e ketāb,” Bukhara 42, Summer 2005, pp. 368–73.
ʿAli Mirzāʾi, “Karim Emāmi: ḵedmatgozār-e ketāb o ṣanʿat-e našr dargoḏašt,” Negāh nou, 2005, pp. 24–27.
Parviz Rahimḵāni, “Ostād Karim Emāmi-e šatranj-bāz,” Bukhara 42, Summer 2005, pp. 428–29.
Kāyvān Sepehr, “Marg-e čonin mard,” Ketāb-e hafta, 253, 2005, p. 3.
Mehdi Yazdāni-Ḵorram, “Gastby-e bozorg dargoḏšt,” Bukhara 42, Summer 2005, pp. 420–22.

</doc>
<doc id="9856930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856930" title="Astropectinidae">
Astropectinidae

The Astropectinidae are a family of sea stars in the order Paxillosida. In general, these starfish live on the seabed and immerse themselves in soft sediment such as sand and mud.
Genera.
There are 26 genera in the family:

</doc>
<doc id="9856961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856961" title="Green seniors">
Green seniors

Green seniors refers to elderly or retired people who have an active interest in environmental issues.
The term is believed to have first been publicly used by the European Green Party in the 2005 Declaration Of Brussels, and has been subsequently discussed by various Green Parties in Europe without wider uptake as a generic term.
The demographics of the modern environmental movement tend to be skewed towards younger people (sometimes referred to as "Generation Y"; with the exception of a smaller number of "elder statespersons" who were involved in the birth of the modern environmental movement. This is demonstrated clearly in the membership profiles of organisations such as Greenpeace, Rainforest Action Network and People and Planet, who all classify themselves as Direct Action groups.
A website called Green Seniors was launched in 2006 to attempt to give the term wider currency and provide a portal specifically for older people to access information and find environmental organisation and campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="9856985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856985" title="Anouk discography">
Anouk discography

The discography Dutch singer-songwriter Anouk consists of eight studio albums, four live albums, one compilation album, twenty-eight singles as a solo artist, two singles as a featured artist, five promotional singles and five video albums.
Anouk's debut single, "Mood Indigo", was released in 1996 and became a moderate hit in her native Netherlands. Its follow-up, "Nobody's Wife", was released the following year. After peaking at number two on the Dutch Top 40, the single became a European hit, entering the top ten in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland. 
Both singles were included in her first studio album. Titled "Together Alone", it topped the Dutch Albums Chart and also achieved commercial success across Europe.
With her second album, "Urban Solitude", Anouk failed to repeat her international success, but consolidated her career in the Netherlands and in Flanders. As of today, she has achieved eight number-one albums in her country, including the compilation "Lost Tracks", featuring B-sides and alternate versions of her previous hits, and the live album "Live at Gelredome", released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9856990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856990" title="Bola Afonja">
Bola Afonja

Bola Afonja (born 1943) is a Nigerian politician. He was Minister for Labour under Ernest Shonekan and was once a member of the board of trustees of the All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP).

</doc>
<doc id="9856992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856992" title="Tommy Cairo">
Tommy Cairo

Thomas "Tommy" Cairo (born February 19, 1958) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is perhaps best known for his 1994 feud with The Sandman in Extreme Championship Wrestling. He is the former co-owner of the New Jersey-based Force One Pro Wrestling promotion and school.
Professional wrestling career.
Cairo was a bodybuilder before training as a professional wrestler. As a bodybuilder he placed 9th place in the AAU Mr. America 1985 Medium group. He debuted in 1988.
In 1993, Cairo wrestled several matches with the Japanese UWF International promotion.
Eastern Championship Wrestling/Extreme Championship Wrestling.
In 1993, Cairo joined Eastern Championship Wrestling, where he used the song "We Will Rock You" by Queen as his entrance music. On May 14, 1993 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Cairo won a battle royal to become the inaugural NWA Pennsylvania Heavyweight Champion. He held the title until August 7, 1993, when he was defeated by Tony Stetson.
Cairo was originally an ally of The Sandman, assisting him in his feud with Jason Knight. The alliance crumbled after The Sandman was temporarily blinded following a match and inadvertently struck his wife, Peaches. When The Sandman regained his sight and saw Cairo assisting Peaches to her feet, he attacked Cairo. The Sandman subsequently became estranged from his wife (claiming "life's a bitch, and then you marry one"), and Peaches became the valet of Cairo.
The Sandman, who had abandoned his "surfer" gimmick in favour of a "pimp" gimmick, claimed that Cairo had neglected to pay one of The Sandman's prostitutes, Woman. The Sandman began harassing Cairo and Peaches, demanding Cairo "Pay Your Bills!" This eventually became Cairo's nickname.
Following the highly publicised caning of Michael P. Fay in Singapore on May 5, 1994, Cairo and Peaches faced The Sandman and Woman in an intergender "Singapore Caning" match on May 14, 1994. After Cairo and Peaches defeated their opponents, Peaches caned The Sandman's crotch until Woman threw salt in her eyes, enabling The Sandman to regroup and use his cane on both Cairo and Peaches. The feud led to a "Cane on a Pole" match on June 24, 1994 that The Sandman won after retrieving a second cane from beneath the ring, and a "Dueling Canes" match on July 16, 1994 at Heat Wave 1994 that was also won by The Sandman.
In late 1994, The Sandman was once again "blinded" after a lit cigarette was pushed into his eye during an "I Quit" match with Tommy Dreamer. The Sandman subsequently claimed that he would have to retire as a result, with Dreamer responding by dedicating the remainder of his career to The Sandman. Cairo began mocking The Sandman, which led to Dreamer heavily beating him in a match on November 5, 1994 at November to Remember 1994. During The Sandman's retirement ceremony, The Sandman reconciled with Peaches (Woman had abandoned him upon his blinding) before revealing that he was not in fact blinded and attacking Dreamer. The Sandman later revealed that his "blinding" had been an elaborate ruse concocted to trick Dreamer into hurting Cairo on his behalf.
Independent circuit.
Cairo left ECW in the mid-1990s. On June 24, 1995 in Williamstown, New Jersey, Cairo defeated Devon Storm in the finals of a tournament for the vacant NWA North American Heavyweight Championship. He was stripped of the title in 1996 after no-showing a defence, due to the birth of his first child.
Between 1996 and 1997 Cairo held the Ultimate Championship Wrestling North American Heavyweight Championship title, he wrestled in various matches with the likes of Chris Chavis aka "Tatanka", Bruce Hart son of the legendary Stu Hart and brother of Bret Hart and Owen Hart, Jim Neidhart, Falcon Coperis and former partner of one time WWE ChampionShawn Michaels, Marty Jannetty.
Between 1998 and 2000, Cairo operated the Outlaws of Wrestling promotion in Atlantic City, New Jersey. In the same time period, he appeared with USA Pro Wrestling, winning both the Heavyweight and North American championships.
In September 2001, Cairo retired from professional wrestling and began working as an electrician. In 2007, Cairo returned to wrestling when he, former wrestling radio host Phil Varlese, and wrestlers The White Lotus (Pat Di Giacomo), and Diego DeMarco (James Pillman) opened a professional wrestling school and promotion in the Northeastern United States known as Force One Pro Wrestling. Force One Pro Wrestling held its inaugural event, "Pledge of Allegiance", on May 19, 2007, in Egg Harbor City, New Jersey, with Cairo, (in his capacity as commissioner) crowning Heavyweight Champion Breaker Morant and Junior Heavyweight Champion White Lotus.
Personal life.
Cairo is married to his wife Ellen and has two children, Jack and Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="9856999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856999" title="Four phase model">
Four phase model

Maturity of Organizations and Business Excellence - The Four-Phase Model
The Four-Phase Model is a model for managers and management consultants developed by Prof.dr.ing. Teun W. Hardjono to analyze the present organization and to determine what the organizational control points and interventions must be in relation to their strategy. It also points out what the most likely strategy for an organization is from the point of view of the present organization. Thus also what the possible discrepancy is between the most likely strategy from a market view and from an organizational view. The model gives guidelines for a program of organizational change, in order to remove the discrepancy. In this way the model can be used to show how organizations can learn with respect to the strategical choices. The model is now being used by several consultancy firms and by researchers as the theoretical background for theses. This led to several case studies in which the use of the model is illustrated. In the original book ‘Ritmiek en organisatiedynamiek’ also several cases are described. This article describes the Four-Phase Model and the ideas and assumptions behind it.
The model has been the outcome of a PhD survey and has been presented for the first time in 1995. Since then it was used in many research projects, for training and educational purposes, in consultancy assignments and for ECSF. ECSF stands for European Corporate Sustainability Framework and is developed on request of European Commission. It is made in co-operation with several universities and consultancy agencies and meant to be the basis for tools to be developed which helps organizations to implement sustainability and corporate social responsibility.
The PhD survey of which the Four-Phase Model is the outcome, reflected also almost 20 years as a management consultant on corporate strategy and organizational change. The basic assumption of the model is that many management principles, models and even hypes have their value, but only in a certain context. This context depends on the market circumstances, the strategy of the organization, the history of the organization and the organizational culture. The whole model has been made plausible by studying organizations like Philips or KLM and many others.
External links.
ESTABLISHMENT >
GROWTH >
MATURITY >
POST MATURITY > renewal / decline / steady growth / cessation.

</doc>
<doc id="9857014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857014" title="Rob McElnea">
Rob McElnea

Rob McElnea (born December 12, 1959) is a retired motorcycle road racer, who won three Isle of Man TT races, and with a best of fifth overall in Grands Prix.
Rob is married to Susan Lloyd. They have two children together Harrison Robert McElnea and Riley Brooke McElnea.
Having won the Senior Manx Grand Prix in 1980, his TT wins followed in 1983 and 1984, and he won a round of the TT Formula 1 World Championship in 1983, finishing second to Joey Dunlop in the season final standings. He competed for six seasons in 500cc Grand Prix - for Heron Suzuki, Marlboro Yamaha, Pepsi Suzuki and Cabin Honda. Despite finishing fourth eight times, luck went against him and he never quite secured a podium result. He then finished 5th overall in the Superbike World Championship in , for Loctite Yamaha. Rob then moved back to domestic competition, winning the British 750cc/TT F1 championship in 1991 with the same team. His career was ended by injury in 1993.
He then ran the Virgin Mobile Yamaha team in the British Superbike Championship. With Cadbury's Boost sponsorship in the 1990s and rider Niall Mackenzie, the team won three successive championships, 1996-1998. They have been less successful in the 21st century, although Steve Plater, James Haydon and Tommy Hill have won British Superbike races for them. For 2008 they ran Karl Harris. McElnea also ran the Virgin Mobile Cup series with the prize of a berth in his Superbike Team for upcoming riders and, from 2007, a British Supersport Championship team.
At the end of the 2011 season Rob retired his team who were one of the longest standing Superbike teams in the British Superbike Championship.
Grand Prix career statistics.
Points system from 1969 to 1987:
Points system from 1988 to 1992:

</doc>
<doc id="9857018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857018" title="George Dorsett">
George Dorsett

George Dorsett (born 1881 in Brownhills, Staffordshire) was an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion and Manchester City as a winger and wing-half.
Dorsett played for a number of local clubs before signing for West Bromwich Albion in November 1901. He joined Manchester City in December 1904 for a fee of £450, a record for a winger. He made his Manchester City debut in a home match against Stoke on 7 January 1905, and scored his first goal for the club a week later against Notts County. During his time at Manchester City he converted to a wing-half. He made a total of 211 appearances for the club, scoring 65 goals, an average of eight goals per season. Between 1910 and 1912 he played alongside his brother Joe, who also signed from West Bromwich. The pair became the first brothers to play in a Manchester derby.
He retired through injury in 1912, making his final appearance on 10 February against Oldham Athletic. He died in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="9857033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857033" title="Adelusi Adeluyi">
Adelusi Adeluyi

Adelusi Adeluyi is a Nigerian pharmacist and former Minister for Health and Human Resources. He is the proprietor of Juli Pharmacy. He attended Aquinas College, Akure, for secondary education and studied pharmacy at the collegiate level. He was also a former chairman of the Nigerian-American chamber of commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="9857040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857040" title="William Thomas (Newfoundland politician)">
William Thomas (Newfoundland politician)

William Thomas (1785 in Dartmouth, Devon, England – November 5, 1863 at Huyton, England) was a merchant and politician. Thomas was elected to the House of Assembly representing the district of St. John's on the first general election held in Newfoundland in 1832.
Thomas was active in the effort to earn Newfoundland its own parliament and was appointed to the committee "to petition his majesty for a legislature." He also was active in the concerns of the poor, serving on numerous committees to help improve their condition, including work on a commission to assign work to those on welfare.
He came to Newfoundland in 1801 and entered business in partnership with his brother Henry. Thomas was named to the Executive Council in 1833. He returned to England around 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="9857044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857044" title="Two Boats, Ascension Island">
Two Boats, Ascension Island

Two Boats is a village at the foot of Green Mountain, Ascension Island, about 3 miles from Wideawake Airfield. It has a population of about 120 and is residential in nature.
Two Boats is also the site of the Two Boats Club (bar and snackbar with regular live music), a large fresh water swimming pool, children’s playground, and Two Boats School, the island's only school. 
The "two boats" were originally placed to provide shade for Royal Marines transporting water in the 19th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857048" title="Elmton">
Elmton

Elmton is a linear village in the parish of Elmton-with-Creswell in the Bolsover district of Derbyshire approximately equidistant from Bolsover Castle and Creswell Crags.
History.
There is evidence of human habitation in the area from the Ice Age, an Iron Age fort and possibly a Roman camp. A Roman ring found in Elmton is on display in Chesterfield Museum and Art Gallery. The village was named "Helmetune" in Anglo Saxon times after the large number of elm trees that were once a major feature. By the time of the Domesday Survey in 1086 the village was a manor belonging to Walter D'Aincourt. The Victoria County History has published a detailed online account of the history of Elmton from ancient times.
In 1707, Jedediah Buxton, the legendary mental calculator, was born here (a blue plaque was erected in his honour in 2011 after a public poll).
Much of the village was rebuilt in the middle of the 19th century when the local estate changed ownership: the 1886/7 Ordnance Survey map shows the village soon after this period. Although there has been some redevelopment and infilling since WW2, the village remains similar in size and form to this day. Once belonging to the Dukes of Portland of Welbeck Abbey, the surrounding tenant farms today form part of the estates of Chatsworth House. 
Village wells are decorated with flowers in the Derbyshire well dressing tradition in late June / early July each year. 
Elmton has been voted Best Small Village in the East Midlands in Bloom competition in 2010 and 2011, with a Judges Award in 2011 for measures to protect the Bee Orchid. The Elm Tree Inn, Elmton has been voted the Best Traditional Pub in Derbyshire at the Derbyshire Food and Drinks Awards 2011.
Natural history.
The church and most of the older properties are built out of the local magnesian limestone. The limestone provides a habitat with rare flora and fauna, such as the Bee Orchid. The village is also close to the limestone valleys and gorges of Hollinhill and Markland Grips, a nature reserve and Site of Special Scientific Interest managed by Derbyshire Wildlife Trust.
The elm trees that gave the village its name fell victim to Dutch Elm Disease and were felled in the 1970s. On 17 November 2012, residents planted a sapling on the village green from an elm that withstood the disease in honour of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
Church.
The Anglican parish church is dedicated to St Peter. It was rebuilt in 1773; it is a simple Georgian building with an unfinished tower and a pulpit with a sounding board. It contains an organ made by Charles Brindley of Sheffield in 1865, which was restored by Martin Goetze and Dominic Gwynn in 2005. The church contains a drawing of Jedediah Buxton made by a Miss Maria Hartley in 1764.

</doc>
<doc id="9857052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857052" title="Curious (Tony Yayo song)">
Curious (Tony Yayo song)

"Curious" is the second single released off Tony Yayo's debut album, "Thoughts of a Predicate Felon". The single features R&B artist Joe on the chorus of the song.
Chart performance.
For the chart issue dated September 10, 2005, "Curious" debuted at number 94 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart: it went on to peak at number 85, spending five weeks on the chart in total. Chart-position wise, "Curious" became the second most successful single from "Thoughts of a Predicate Felon", behind only the album's first single, "So Seductive", which reached number seven on the corresponding chart and also peaked at number 48 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
Music video.
The video is about how Tony Yayo spots a girl he likes, and is 'curious' to know what it would take for her to be his. At the end, the video cuts into another Tony Yayo single by the name of 'Pimpin', to show what girls really mean to him. The video features the entire G-Unit Records family.

</doc>
<doc id="9857056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857056" title="Clara Clairbert">
Clara Clairbert

Clara Pierre Impens (21 February 1899 – 16 August 1970) was a Belgian soprano who sang under the stage-name Clara Clairbert.
Born in Saint Gilles, Clara began studying music in Anderlecht at the age of seven. During the First World War her father, a civil servant, followed the Belgian government into exile, settling his family in Le Havre. There Clara sang in a Belgian choir, coming to the notice of choir-master who arranged for Clara to be trained as a soloist in Paris.
After the war she appeared regularly at benefit concerts for Belgian veterans and war wounded throughout Belgium, singing under the name Clary Annie. This brought her to the attention to the director of La Monnaie. She first sang at La Monnaie in a production of Offenbach's "Les contes d'Hoffmann". Taking the stage-name Clara Clairbert, she was considered the" prima donna" of opera in Brussels from the 1920s to her retirement in the 1950s.
Her performances as Violetta in "La traviata", a role she reprised over 200 times, and as the eponymous heroine of "Lakmé" were particularly popular. She toured regularly abroad with success, her appearances in "Manon" in Monte-Carlo in 1931, and in "Rigoletto" at the Opera Garnier in Paris in 1933, were particularly well received. She toured the United States, performing opposite John Charles Thomas and Beniamino Gigli. 
She retired in 1953 to teach music privately. She died in Brussels in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="9857074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857074" title="Spicerhaart">
Spicerhaart

Spicerhaart Group Ltd is an English estate agency and financial services company based in Colchester, Essex, and operating throughout the United Kingdom. It is the largest independent estate agency network in the UK.
History.
The company has its origins in 1989, where father and son Alick and Paul Smith opened three branches of Spicer McColl in East Anglia. They took over 45 Darlows branches in 2000 when that company went into receivership, and acquired the South Yorkshire company Haybrook in 2007.
Spicerhaart purchased iSold estate agents (formerly Tesco Property Market) from Tesco plc in 2008, after it was ruled that Tesco could not act as an estate agent without being registered as such. Spicerhaart and Tesco are now involved in a legal dispute.
Management.
Paul Smith is CEO and John Spence OBE is the Non-Executive Chairman. The company's headquarters and contact centre are in Colchester, Essex.
Estate agency brands.
Spicerhaart currently trade under the following brands:
Awards.
Spicerhaart has won a number of awards including the prestigious Daily Mail awards for Estate Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="9857084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857084" title="Don't Be Afraid">
Don't Be Afraid

Don't Be Afraid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9857088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857088" title="Astropecten">
Astropecten

Astropecten is a genus of sea stars of the family Astropectinidae.
Species.
Mediterranean species.
Six species of Astropecten currently live in the Mediterranean Sea:
Anatomy.
These sea stars are similar one to each other and it can be difficult to determine with certainty the species only from a photograph. To have a certain determination, in some cases, animals should be analyzed in the laboratory or using genetic testing, but often it isn’t possible. In order to determine the species, with a reasonable margin of error, it’s necessary to observe the appearance of the animal, in particular, based on some typical features described by principal authors that have analyzed over the years a large number of specimens in the laboratory.
The main elements, to determine the various species from photo, are: the appearance of the dorsal marginal plates and spines, the size, the shape of disc and arms. For a good identification by sea photo it is important to take a complete picture of all the subject, a picture of the detail of the marginal plates and to measure as precisely as possible the diameter of the sea star. All this can be done without touching, turning it, or disturbing the animal.
Starfishes have two sides: an upper side called “aboral side” (which is normally visible), and a bottom side called “oral side” (which rests on the seabed).
1- papulas: they are soft and retractable appendages with respiratory functions
2- paxilla
3- superomarginal spines
4- superomarginal plates
5- scales and small spines covering the vertical face of superomarginal plates
6- ambulacral plates
7- adambulacral plates
8- inferomarginal plates
9- inferomarginal spines
10- pedicellaria: special pedicels with prehensile termination necessary to grab bodies and detritus
11- external adambulacral spines
12- median adambulacral spines
13- internal adambulacral spines
14- ambulacral pedicellaria

</doc>
<doc id="9857105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857105" title="Ida Mann">
Ida Mann

Dame Ida Caroline Mann, DBE, FRCS (6 February 1893, West Hampstead, London 18 November 1983) 'a distinguished ophthalmologist...equally well known for her pioneering research work on embryology and development of the eye, and on the influences of genetic and social factors on the incidence and severity of eye disease throughout the world'. She was inducted into the Ophthalmology Hall of Fame in 2007.
She diagnosed a trachoma epidemic amongst Indigenous people in the Kimberleys and traveled extensively in Western Australia in order to examine and treat Indigenous people with trachoma. Mann became convinced that better housing and sanitation, rather than administration of antibiotics, would improve this health crisis.
Education.
Ida Caroline Mann was educated at Wycombe House School, Hampstead, London. She passed the Civil Service Girl Clerk's examination and took a job at the Post Office Savings Bank. Despite opposition from her father, she applied to study medicine at the London School of Medicine for Women, the only medical school which was open to women at that time. She passed the matriculation examination in 1914, one of only eight women out of hundreds of passes. She completed her studies, 'with no trouble and intense delight' (Mann: "The Chase"), and qualified Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MB, BS) in 1920.
Early career.
After qualification she had no clear idea about specializing and applied for all available positions as a houseman (a junior role for newly-qualified doctors). She was appointed as the Ophthalmic House Surgeon at St Mary's Hospital, London, under Leslie Paton and Frank Juler. Thus began a lifelong passion for ophthalmic research and practice. During her medical studies she had developed an interest in embryology, working alongside Professor J.E.S. Frazer. Now she combined this interest with ophthalmology and wrote her thesis on the embryology of the human eye, for which she was awarded her D.Sc. in 1924. To further her career she qualified in general surgery, becoming a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1924. Only six other women were Fellows at this time.
Mann was ambitious and determined to reach the top in her chosen field. To her this meant securing an honorary staff post at Moorfields Eye Hospital, London, and running her own private practice on Harley Street, London. She had achieved both by 1927: a remarkably swift rise for a woman in a male-dominated field. Her stepping stones had been the following posts: Junior Clinical Assistant at Moorfields (1921); staff appointment at the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital for Women (1922); Senior Clinical Assistant to Mr. A.C. Hudson at Moorfields (1922); Pathologist and Assistant Surgeon to Mr. Ernest Lane at the Central London Ophthalmic Hospital (1925); staff appointment at the Central London Eye Hospital (1925).
Second World War.
At the outbreak of war, Moorfields Eye Hospital was commandeered as a first aid post and the staff were dispersed. The premises in which Mann conducted her private practice were also closed down by the landlord. She found new premises for her own practice and then set about re-siting Moorfields. She found hospital premises in Edgware (10 miles from central London), belonging to the Priory of the Holy Sepulchre, secured the lease, moved the nursing staff there and saw the gradual return of the surgical staff. There was still a need for a central London site to treat ophthalmic emergencies, and by a mixture of bravado and sheer energy, she managed to re-occupy part of the old Moorfields Hospital on City Road, which remained operational throughout the war despite being bombed.
In 1940 she undertook some personal research on the treatment of mustard gas burns of the eye, using laboratories belonging to the Imperial Cancer Research Fund at Mill Hill. It was here that she met her future husband, Professor William 'Bill' Gye, who was the director. When the results of her private research became known, she was put in charge of one of the research teams of the Chemical Defence Research Department under the Ministry of Supply. Working with her friend, Davidine Pullinger, and the biochemist, Antoinette 'Toni' Pirie, she worked out the entire pathology of mustard gas keratitis, which afflicted soldiers from the First World War some ten to fifteen years after they had survived a mustard gas attack. Although the team did not find a cure, they were able to alleviate symptoms through the use of contact lenses. They continued working throughout the war on the effects of various chemicals on the eyes, including British Anti-Lewisite and penicillin.
Oxford.
During the war, honorary staff were not allowed to resign from their posts at civilian hospitals. Therefore when Mann applied for, and was appointed to, the post of Margaret Ogilvy Reader in Ophthalmology at the University of Oxford in 1941, she was obliged to combine this research and teaching post with her work at Moorfields in London, her work on the Chemical Defence Research team and her work as a private consultant in London and Oxford. During her tenure at Oxford, she oversaw the building of the Nuffield Laboratory of Ophthalmology, appointed Toni Pirie as biochemist, replaced the matron with a more competent sister from Moorfields, re-started the diploma courses for post-graduates, inaugurated the Orthoptic School and re-instituted the Oxford Ophthalmological Congress. In her own words, she had 'cleared the Augean stable' in nine months. Her efforts were recognized by the university in 1945 when she was given a personal professorship: the first woman to receive one at Oxford. She was Titular Professor there from January 1945 until 30 September 1947. Mann was also a Fellow of St Hugh's College, Oxford.
Marriage.
Mann became acquainted with Bill Gye, the Director of the Imperial Cancer Research Fund at Mill Hill, and his wife, Elsa, during the war. After Elsa's death from cancer, Mann's friendship with Bill grew and they were married in December 1944. Her midwifery placements in the 1920s had deterred her from having children. Bill already had three sons from his first marriage, so the couple embarked happily on their married life, content for it to be childless. Mann did not change her name on marriage, as the complications arising from having two Professor Gyes in the same household were easily foreseen.
Australia.
Mann had first visited Australia in 1939 as the British Medical Association's representative at the 1st Annual General Meeting of the Ophthalmological Society of Australia (B.M.A.). She flew there in an Imperial Airways Flying Boat, which took a week to fly at low altitude from Southampton to Melbourne. She gave a number of papers and made the return journey 'with the feeling that the gloom of Europe would soon descend, and that this brilliant, sunny and friendly land would be blotted from my memory' (Mann: "The Chase"). However this was not to be the end of Ida's relationship with Australia. In 1949 she and her husband set off for Perth and Melbourne on an autumn cruise. This 'holiday' was in fact a tentative step to a new life. The introduction of the National Health Service in Britain had drastically changed Ida's work and she was dissatisfied with the impact on ophthalmology. Perhaps more pressingly her husband had retired from Mill Hill and was suffering from ill-health which was exacerbated by the English winters. They were immediately smitten with Perth and within a short time Ida purchased a bungalow in Dalkeith, resigned from Moorfields, and arranged for all their belongings to be shipped to Australia. Here they conducted experiments on cancer viruses using in-bred strains of mice to ensure consistency. Ida also started a private practice as an ophthalmologist, which was always her insurance against economic uncertainty.
Trachoma research.
Bill died in 1952, leaving her bereft, 'I was unhinged; so tired that I was almost insane' (Mann: "The Chase"). She regained her balance by working and travelling. Shortly after his death she took an assignment in the Kimberleys reporting on the incidence of eye disease for the Western Australia Public Health Department. This 'short' assignment extended to four years and provided incontrovertible proof of endemic trachoma amongst the indigenous population. Trachoma is an infectious disease and, if left untreated, can lead to blindness. This was an uncomfortable finding for the Public Health Department, as trachoma was thought to have been eradicated in Australia at the time. It was described in textbooks as 'a disease of poverty, ignorance and dirt'. Ida continued her research on and treatment of trachoma for many years. She conducted surveys as far afield as Papua New Guinea and Taiwan, investigating the spread of the disease, its possible causes and the most effective treatment for each cultural group.
She travelled extensively throughout Australia and Oceania studying the incidence of eye disease in different races and cultures, with particular reference to the Aboriginal people. This research produced the classic work, "Culture, Race, Climate and Eye Disease" (1966).
Mann published extensively in the area of eye anatomy and eye disease, publishing many scientific articles and several books. She also wrote on her travels and findings relating to trachoma, published under her married name Ida Gye or a pseudonym,
Caroline Gye. These were "China 13" and "The Cockney and the Crocodile".
She was appointed CBE in 1950 and DBE in 1980 for services to the welfare of Aboriginal people. She received an honorary Doctor of Science from Murdoch University (Perth, Western Australia) in 1983. She died at her home in Perth later the same year, aged 90.

</doc>
<doc id="9857107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857107" title="Notte prima degli esami">
Notte prima degli esami

Notte prima degli esami (English: "Night Before the Exams") is a 2006 Italian comedy teen film, written and directed by Fausto Brizzi. It describes the lives of two groups of Italian teenagers during the preparation of the "esame di maturità" (the final exam of Italian high school). It is set in Rome during the year 1989.
The inspiration for the title was a famous 1980s song by Antonello Venditti.
Plot.
The film follows two teenagers, Luca (Nicolas Vaporidis) and Claudia (Cristiana Capotondi), and their friends as they all prepare for the dreaded "maturità" (high school graduation) exams during the summer of 1989. At a party, Luca meets and immediately falls for Claudia. The film then follows both teenagers and their friends through their various personal experiences and adventures during the summer. In addition, throughout the film, Luca is desperately trying to get back in favour with his literature teacher (Giorgio Faletti), who will be the teacher sitting in on his oral exams.
The film contains many references to music that was popular in the 1980s, and includes songs of the time period by bands such as Europe, Duran Duran ("Save a Prayer" and "The Wild Boys"), and Cecchetto ("Gioca Jouer").
Sequels and remakes.
A sequel, "Notte prima degli esami - Oggi" was released in 2007. The sequel features many of the same actors playing the same characters they played in the original, but it is set in 2006, during Italy's World Cup winning summer. And in 2011, Italian television station Rai Uno aired "Notte prima degli esami '82", a two-part miniseries involving many of the same characters as the first two movies, but using mostly different actors and setting the story in the summer of 1982.
A French remake of the original movie, titled "Nos 18 ans", was released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9857118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857118" title="Sven Vintappares Torg">
Sven Vintappares Torg

Sven Vintappares Torg (Swedish "Square of Sven Wine-taper") is a small public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. North and south of the square are the alleys Sven Vintappares Gränd and Didrik Ficks Gränd, both leading to Västerlånggatan and Stora Nygatan.
Like the neighbouring square Gåstorget situated a block further north and several other small open spaces in the old town, Sven Vintappares Torg was created during the 18th century as a turning space for horse-drawn vehicles, badly needed in the narrow medieval urban throng.
Presumably, the square remained nameless for many years, before the current name was proposed in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9857129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857129" title="Patching and Capping">
Patching and Capping

The aggregation of fluorescently tagged antibodies that are associated with proteins on membranes of living cells. The aggregation appears as a cap or a patch in the fluorescence microscope and is due to the bivalent nature of antibodies. Patching and capping were critical in demonstrating the fluid nature of plasma membranes.
Variations in density within the specimen are amplified to enhance contrast in unstained cells which is especially useful for examining living unpigmented cells. So in other words phase contrast is a contrast enhancing optical technique that can be used to produce high contrast images such as living cells and subcellular including nuclei and other organelles. One of the major advantages of using phase contrast microscopy is that living cells can be examined in their natural state without being killed, fixed or especially stained. As a result biological processes in the cell can be observed and recorded in high contrast with sharp clarity of minute specimen details.
When the ligand binds to its specific receptor, the ligand-receptor complex accumulates in the coated pits. In many cells, these pits and complexes begin to concentrate in one area of a cell. Cytochemically, this appears as patches of label on the cell surface (patching) Eventually, the patches coalesce to form a cap at one pole of the cell (capping). Not all cells form caps, but most do form patches. The pre-concentration process minimizes the amount of fluid that is taken up in the vesicle. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857133" title="Stefani Morgan">
Stefani Morgan

Stefani Morgan (born October 31, 1985) is a former American pornographic actress.
Biography.
Graduating from high school at age 16, Morgan began mainstream modeling when she was 17. During that time she met Joe Francis of Girls Gone Wild video fame at a nightclub, who in turn introduced her to Steven Hirsch, head of Vivid Entertainment. Hirsch signed her to Vivid, and Morgan soon after started working for Francis as a hostess for the Girls Gone Wild videos. Morgan did attend college for a time, but dropped out.
Morgan's first video for Vivid was the 2005 film "Sunny" starring Sunny Leone, where she performed with Manuel Ferrara; in fact her scene was already planned and coordinated before she signed her contract with Vivid. By May 2006 she had filmed six features. Morgan sought out the adult industry stating in a Hustler interview that she made more money in mainstream modeling, but that she switched industries because she wanted to change American's perceptions of sex. 
In 2007, Morgan was nominated as the AVN Best New Starlet Award.
Morgan starred in the remake of "Debbie Does Dallas" called "Debbie Does Dallas ... Again" (2007), but left the adult entertainment business for a brief time afterwards. On the season finale of the "Debbie Does Dallas ... Again" documentary on the Showtime network chronicling the making of the film, there is a final scene with the cast at the film wrap party; the camera pans to each star or staff member who appeared in the documentary, and displays text detailing what each person had been doing since the film wrapped. Morgan's blurb read: "Two weeks later, Stefani fell in love and left the industry. Her current whereabouts are unknown."

</doc>
<doc id="9857137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857137" title="Buyer listing">
Buyer listing

A buyer listing is an agreement between a real estate agent and a prospective home or property buyer under which this "Buyer Agent" agrees to assist the Buyer in locating and contracting to purchase real estate, in exchange for a commission. Generally required to be in writing by law and/or professional rules (using a "Buyer Agency Agreement"), a Buyer Listing can also be described as the representative counterweight to the "Seller/Property Listing" arrangement between Listings Agents and Sellers. A Buyer Listing arrangement may be entered into a buyer listing service ("BLS") in the same way that a Property, Home or Seller Listing is entered into the Multiple (Sellers') Listing Service ("MLS"). Buyer Listing practices have become the predominant form of Agent selling (versus 'listing') activities since their advent in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9857146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857146" title="Ijara">
Ijara

Ijara is a town in the North Eastern Province of Kenya. It is capital of the Ijara District. It is located 100 km north of Lamu and 180 km south of Garissa.
Ijara is also a sharia-compliant form of mortgage similar to rent to own. The process is also known as Ijara wa Iqtina, or rent with acquisition. The word Ijara means rent in Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="9857206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857206" title="Gospel (Moscow)">
Gospel (Moscow)

The Narrow-typed Gospel Book was the first book to be printed in Moscow, in 1553-1554. It was published by an anonymous printing house. There are currently copies in the Russian State Library in Moscow and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="9857214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857214" title="Barracuda (comics)">
Barracuda (comics)

Barracuda is a fictional American comic book character owned by Marvel Comics who opposes the Punisher. He is a mercenary gangster of great physical strength, endurance, fighting ability, and exceptional intelligence. He shows an incredible sense of optimism and "glass half full" thinking (even maintaining a cheerful attitude as the Punisher cut off all the fingers on his right hand), profane humor, and a tendency to betray anyone if he can benefit from it. He first appeared in "" vol. 6, #31 (May 2006).
At a panel at the 2008 Philadelphia Wizard World comic convention, Garth Ennis stated that the basis for the character of Barracuda was the song "Stagger Lee", especially the version recorded by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
Publication history.
Although his first appearance was in the closing panels of "The Punisher" vol. 6, #31, he became a primary character in the ensuing story arc in the following issue #32. After a six-issue story arc in "The Punisher", Barracuda starred in an eponymous 5-issue mini-series in the MAX title "Punisher Presents: Barracuda" (2007).
Fictional character biography.
Barracuda grew up in Boca Raton, Florida, the eldest of two brothers and a sister. His father served in the 827th tank destroyer battalion during WWII. An abusive alcoholic, his father burned Barracuda's hand on a grill while telling him to be "hard as the motherfucking world itself" the night before abandoning his family. 
Barracuda cared for his brother and sister for some time. The brother ended up deceased and the sister became a prostitute and narcotics user.
He got into a fight in elementary school where he shoved his thumbs into a classmate's eyes. After castrating a would-be attacker while in a youth detention center, Barracuda was recruited by the U.S. Army. As a Green Beret, Barracuda's A-team helped the CIA install Leopoldo Luna, a South American dictator in the 1980s. He was also responsible for drug-running in Nicaragua to fund the Contras and committed atrocities against local villages to ensure no resistance; when Colonel Nick Fury investigated, Barracuda humiliated him by making it clear that the CIA and Congress would bury any report, as it implicated too many people. The team went AWOL in Central America after that, though Fury was able to find and assault him five years later. According to his recollection, in another mission in Africa he engaged in cannibalism to prove his masculinity.
After leaving the service, he became a feared gangster. At one point he was arrested at the site of a gangland massacre. He had been snorting lines of coke off a severd head. He spent time in jail afterward where he struck a profitable partnership with Harry Ebbing, a corrupt and violent corporate CEO.
Fighting the Punisher.
Years later Ebbing hires him to assassinate the Punisher, who is investigating Ebbing's corporation, Dynaco. Ebbing plans to sabotage Florida's power grid for profit. The Punisher wishes to stop this plan because it would cause the deaths of innocent people.
During his fight with the Punisher, Barracuda loses an eye and the fingers on his right hand. Although Barracuda wins the fight and could easily kill his opponent then and there, he takes the Punisher out to sea so he can watch him be killed by sharks. When the Punisher informs him that he has lost the chance to have his fingers reattached (by putting them on ice without using a plastic bag, since direct ice contact kills the nerve endings), Barracuda simply laughs at his own carelessness. He tosses the Punisher overboard, along with the corpse of Horace, a local gangster that had wronged him. Barracuda thinks a great white had eaten them both. The Punisher survives and escapes by hanging onto the boat.
Barracuda becomes deeply involved with Dynaco and the affairs of the CEO's mistress and his right hand man Dermot. The plan is to set Dermot up as the new CEO during a shareholder fishing trip. Dynaco's plans, leaked to the media, result in the CEO committing suicide. Dermot ends up talking with the Punisher over the radio. With the full backing of the shareholders Dermot states they can do what they want; the Punisher cannot touch them.
The Punisher sinks the boat; everyone on board is eaten by sharks (the crew were handpicked Dynaco employees who had been in on the plan). Barracuda tries to come aboard Frank's boat, only to be shot at point blank range. Like Frank, he survives by hanging on to the boat.
Miniseries.
An undetermined amount of time later, Barracuda is approached by Chris Angelone, an Italian Mafia boss. It is implied through both the art and dialogue that the character of "Big Chris" Angelone is "played" by Christopher Walken. Angelone has been feuding with Leopoldo Luna about the price of cocaine, so he has decided that his 20-year old hemophiliac son Oswald will kill Luna with Barracuda's assistance. He does not know Barracuda is an old ally of Luna's. Barracuda immediately betrays Angelone and has Luna take custody of Oswald to blackmail the gangster. He also betrays Luna by sleeping with his wife Wanda and then calls an old cross-dressing Green Beret buddy Fifty for backup (who Luna begins sleeping with, not knowing Fifty is not a woman).
Barracuda also seems to display genuine fondness and concern for Oswald, beyond what would be necessary for the role he wants Oswald to play. He refers to Oswald as "Hemo", encourages him to be more assertive and outgoing, and does not hesitate to risk his life to save Oswald during a gunfight, being wounded in the process. After this, Oswald sincerely thanks Barracuda for saving him.
Barracuda has set a complex scheme into motion in order to obtain the money he needs to get revenge on the Punisher. He announces to Luna's inner-circle that he intends to kill the dictator and put Wanda in his place, kill Angelone and put Oswald in "his" place, restart the cocaine trade between the two factions and get an American reconstruction firm (represented by an accountant he knew in prison) to start up work in Santa Morricone. One of the circle reveals this plan to Luna and he invites Barracuda and Fifty on a helicopter trip to the local volcano, planning to kill them; Barracuda salvages the situation by getting Fifty to show off his penis, causing the dictator to leap out of the helicopter to his doom.
Meanwhile Angelone, angry at being betrayed and humiliated, has been trying to launch a coup in Santa Morricone and successfully swings part of the army to his side. Barracuda and Fifty have to fight their way into the presidential palace to grab Oswald and Wanda and then flee back to the helicopter, but Fifty is gunned down in the second half of the plan and he remains behind to cover their retreat. (To his face, Barracuda seems stoically upset about this but grins and calls his old comrade "dumbass" when out of earshot.) They escape in the helicopter and when Angelone (who had grabbed the landing gear) rises up to get his revenge, Oswald shoots his father dead. He and Barracuda celebrate his becoming a "hardcore motherfucking gangster!"
Barracuda then gives Oswald a friendly pat on the back, which due to his hemophilia kills him. Due to the helicopter not having enough supplies, Barracuda and Wanda are left floating in the Pacific Ocean in a boat with no food or equipment. It is strongly hinted that he is going to cannibalize her.
Long, Cold Dark.
While formulating a plan to get his revenge on the Punisher, Barracuda receives information from an unknown source that leads him to the home of Yorkie Mitchell, Castle's British friend and former SAS and MI6 agent (retired after the Punisher's "Man of Stone" story arc). After interrogating and killing Yorkie and his wife, Barracuda stumbles across some startling and very useful information; unbeknownst to the Punisher, he has a very young daughter, the result of a tryst between him and now deceased CIA agent Kathryn O'Brien. The baby is in the care of O'Brien's sister and brother-in-law in La Jolla, San Diego, California. Barracuda travels to La Jolla and kidnaps the child from a day care center, killing a worker in the process.
Barracuda returns to New York in order to draw the Punisher into a trap. He secretly sets up a meeting between several criminal organizations in a high rise hotel, knowing full well that such a meeting would attract the Punisher. Barracuda is not at this meeting himself; in fact the criminals are totally unaware of who set up the meeting in the first place. Frank, who is hiding in the ceiling, plans to strike amongst the confusion when he realizes that the entire place, including his own location, has been wired with explosives. Barracuda then steps off an elevator into the meeting and massacres the entire group (with intentions of taking over their businesses once he has finished with the Punisher). Frank joins the fray in order to escape the explosives. The Punisher is the only survivor of the massacre, to Barracuda's delight. He subdues Frank Castle and leaves on a zip line.
When the Punisher awakes, he finds himself bound to a chair. Barracuda gloats to him about his plan and reveals his daughter to him. An enraged Punisher breaks his bonds and attacks Barracuda, biting off his left cheek. Barracuda stabs the Punisher in the side and tosses him through the window. The Punisher lands on the hood of a police car and is arrested and hospitalized. Seeking treatment for his own injuries, Barracuda disappears with Frank's daughter.
Frank convinces his doctor that Barracuda will come for him and kill many people in the hospital. The doctor assists in his escape from police custody; he uses stimulants so Frank can walk. Later, using his own drugs, Frank travels to California to try to head off Barracuda. When he arrives he confronts Barracuda at the home of O'Brien's sister to rescue Sarah. Barracuda seemingly kills the child but it is a fake meant to disorient Frank. It does not work. Frank subdues the man and tortures the location of Sarah out of him. The child is in a car parked out in the woods.
As Frank tries to deal with Sarah's car-seat being booby trapped, Barracuda re-awakens and grabs a gun. He is wounded several times but pursues Frank into a nearby, empty elementary school. Frank loses his three front teeth but Barracuda loses his nose. His hands follow, then his entire head is blown off with his own gun. Sarah is returned safely to her adopted mother.
In the next arc, "Valley Forge, Valley Forge", it is revealed that Barracuda was sent by the U.S. military generals who organized the military operation in the arc "Mother Russia" to silence the Punisher.
Abilities and training.
Trained as a Green Beret, he is a capable opponent and is also intelligent. He is able to mastermind a coup against Luna, lead his team to victory during the 1980s, and generally find his way out of many binds. He has incredible durability.
In fact, Barracuda's durability was so great that he managed to survive:
All the time, Barracuda somehow managed to soak up the damage and pain no matter how serious it was and kept fighting back. He even managed to survive for a few seconds from the extremely fatal axe injuries.
He is just as resourceful, as seen by his survival at the hands of the Punisher by grabbing the side of the boat which brought him to safety. Barracuda has often demonstrated incredible physical strength, able to rip through steel chains and kick out through the boot/trunk of a car after undergoing torture, as well as a high level of combat skill, as he could fight the Punisher equally.
Other versions.
Marvel Noir.
In "The Punisher Noir", Baracuda appears as a prohibition-era enforcer of Bumpy Johnson, specializing in wrecking night clubs rivaling those of his employer. 
Heavy Mettle.
Barracuda was also the name of a member of Joseph Manfredi's Heavy Mettle.
Collected editions.
Barracuda's appearances have been collected in a number of trade paperbacks.

</doc>
<doc id="9857223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857223" title="Chūkadon">
Chūkadon


</doc>
<doc id="9857226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857226" title="Bitter (album)">
Bitter (album)

Bitter is the third solo album by Meshell Ndegeocello. It was released on August 24, 1999, on Maverick Records. The album peaked at #105 on the "Billboard" Top 200 list in 1999. The album also peaked at #13 on "Billboard's" Top Internet Albums chart and #40 on "Billboard's" R&B Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9857243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857243" title="Tun Fuad Stephens">
Tun Fuad Stephens

Tun Mohammad Fuad Stephens, (born Donald Aloysius Marmaduke Stephens) was the first Chief Minister of the state of Sabah in Malaysia, and the first "Huguan Siou" or Paramount Leader of the Kadazandusun community. He played a fundamental role in bringing the state of Sabah into the Federation of Malaysia in 1963. He held the chief minister post until 1964, and again in 1976. During his second term as Chief Minister he died in a controversial accident on 6 June 1976, in Kota Kinabalu, the state capital of Sabah. He was a passenger in an Australian made Nomad aircraft which crashed and killed everyone on board. His body was buried at the State Mausoleum near the Sabah State Mosque, Kota Kinabalu.
Early life.
Stephens was born on 14 September 1920. His father, Jules Stephens Pavitt, was half Kadazan and half British, while his mother Edith Cope was half Japanese and half British. Stephens had 5 siblings; 2 younger sisters and 3 younger brothers. Two of them, John and Martin died in infancy. A third, Leo Benedict was born in 1926, later became the President of the Dewan Negara between 1985-1988.
Political career.
Donald Stephens founded the political party United National Kadazan Organization (UNKO) in August 1961. He played a key role in negotiating the independence of Sabah and the formation of Malaysia, together with Tun Mustapha of United Sabah National Organization (USNO), and Tunku Abdul Rahman, the then Prime Minister of Malaya. The formation of Malaysia was finally achieved on 16 September 1963, which is today known as Malaysia Day. He became Sabah's first Chief Minister.
In 1964, Donald Stephens stepped down as Chief Minister in order to become the first Malaysian federal cabinet member from Sabah. He was replaced by Peter Lo Sui Yin from the Sabah Chinese Association. Stephens became the minister in charge of Sabah affairs under the Prime Minister's department.
In 1973, Fuad Stephens was appointed as the governor of Sabah, known as the Yang di-Pertua Negara (the post was later known as Yang di-Pertua Negeri). He held this position until 1975. Later that same year, Tun Fuad Stephens together with Harris Salleh formed the new political party BERJAYA. They would win the 1976 state election, defeating Tun Mustapha's USNO, becoming the new government of Sabah. Tun Fuad Stephens became Sabah's fifth Chief Minister. Forty-four days later, he died in a plane crash.
Ambitions to be Prime Minister.
It is an open secret in Sabah that Singapore chief minister Lee Kuan Yew told Stephens that he (Lee) would be prime minister of Malaysia after Tunku and that Stephens would be made deputy prime minister. After Lee, Stephens would then be Prime Minister. Stephens’ about-turn surprised the Dusun who, like the Chinese, were in the majority and opposed to Malaysia. His agreement, however, sealed their fate.
Patently, it was Tunku who prevailed upon Lee to persuade Stephens to drop his opposition to Malaysia. Stephens was then very much influenced by Orang Kaya Kaya (OKK) Sedomon Gunsanad of Keningau who was strongly opposed to Malaysia. Stephens’ capitulation broke Sedomon who died within three years of Malaysia.
Stephens wanted a review of Sabah’s participation in Malaysia after Singapore’s exit. His reasoning was that it was because of Singapore that Sabah joined Malaysia and now that the island was out of the federation, there was no longer any reason for the Borneo state to continue to be in the federation. Stephens was referring to the DPM idea, but in public it was pointed out that Sabah and Sarawak opted for Malaysia to facilitate the merger of Chinese Singapore and multiracial Malaya. The Chinese population across both sides of the causeway was greater than the Malay numbers and this was to be compensated by the Malay and other native numbers in Sabah and Sarawak through Malaysia.
Plane crash.
On 6 June 1976 (6.6.1976, "Double Six"), Tun Fuad Stephens and several cabinet members boarded a flight from Labuan heading towards Kota Kinabalu. About from Kota Kinabalu International Airport, the plane crashed killing everyone on board. Immediately after the accident foul play was suspected. 
The site of the plane crash is marked by a memorial that was constructed not long after the accident. The site is located in the Sembulan area near the Grace Garden housing complex in Kota Kinabalu across Jalan Coastal Highway from Sutera Harbour resort.
Personal life.
Stephens converted to Islam in January 1971, and he adopted the name Muhammad Fuad, meaning "soul" or "spirit" in Arabic. Stephens was also encouraged to renounce his surname at the time of his conversion, but he had refused to do so. For a number of years he held the post of High Commissioner of Malaysia in Australia.
Legacy.
Places after him.
Several places were named after him, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9857257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857257" title="University of Lübeck">
University of Lübeck

The University of Lübeck is a research university in Northern Germany which focuses almost entirely on medicine and sciences with applications in medicine. In both 2006 and 2009, the University of Lübeck was ranked No. 1 in medicine among all universities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland according to the CHE Hochschulranking. In Computer Science and Molecular Life Science, the University was ranked No. 2 in the 2009 evaluation.
General.
The university has a Faculty of Medicine and a Faculty of Technology and Natural Sciences. It offers professional degrees and doctoral degrees (Dr.med.) in medicine and Bachelor and Master degrees in computer science, molecular life science, computational life science and medical engineering. Further, in winter semester 2007/2008, the PhD programme "Computing in Medicine and Life Sciences" was introduced with the establishment of the Graduate School for Computing in Medicine and Life Sciences at the university.
Currently, the university has around 3,500 students, 160 Professors and 100 lecturers. In 2003 the affiliated teaching hospital of the University of Lübeck was merged with that of the University of Kiel into the university teaching hospital of Schleswig-Holstein, thus making the 2nd largest one in Germany. With a total number of staff over 5,300, the University of Lübeck and its teaching hospital belong to the largest employer in the region of Lübeck. Internationally, the university has partnerships and collaborations with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven/Belgium, University of Helsinki/Finland and Zhejiang University/Hangzhou/China.

</doc>
<doc id="9857262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857262" title="Pensby High School for Boys">
Pensby High School for Boys

Pensby High School for Boys is a single sex boys' secondary school in Pensby. The town is located between Irby and Heswall on the Wirral Peninsula, England. 
The school adjoins Pensby High School for Girls, to which it is federated, allowing joint staffing/teaching across the two schools whilst the pupils of each school (in years 7 to 11 but not the Sixth Form) remain separate. There is also a collaboration with Hilbre High School for jointly teaching the Sixth Form.

</doc>
<doc id="9857268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857268" title="Jalan Bukit Beruntung">
Jalan Bukit Beruntung

Jalan Bukit Beruntung, Federal Route , (Formerly Selangor state route ) is a federal road in Selangor, Malaysia.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 3208 starts at Sungai Choh, at its interchange with the Federal Route , the main trunk road of the central of Peninsular Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 3208 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="9857300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857300" title="KMFDM discography">
KMFDM discography

Industrial rock band KMFDM have released more than two hundred songs in their over twenty-eight-year-long career, spanning more than fifty unique releases.
Artwork.
Beginning with the British release of 1986's "What Do You Know, Deutschland?", British artist Aidan "Brute!" Hughes has designed the artwork for fifteen of KMFDM's seventeen studio albums, and all but two of their singles. He has also designed the artwork for their three remix albums and two live albums, and their 2010 compilation releases.
All of his work shares a distinct visual style inspired by Golden Age comic artists, Russian Constructivists, Italian Futurists, and woodcut artists. The design and complexity of the works have varied over time from primarily simple mono- or bi-color motifs (early albums) to highly detailed multi-color schemes ("Attak", "WWIII").
The remaining cover artwork has been a mixture of photos and work done by other artists.
Singles.
Most of these singles have been reissued as special edition 7" records (limited to 250 copies each) from March 2008-February 2010 in a series called 24/7.

</doc>
<doc id="9857303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857303" title="Proud Helios">
Proud Helios

Proud Helios is a "" novel written by Melissa Scott.
Plot.
Free trade through the Bajoran wormhole is vital for the Bajoran economy. Unfortunately, a cloaked ship is attacking other ships, killing the crew and taking all the cargo. The attacking is going after Cardassian ships as well, causing the powerful Gul Dukat to show up. The two sides reach a cautious agreement to hunt down the ship. Unfortunately two Deep Space Nine crew-people are captured by the cloaked enemy. Dukat doesn't care that these people are in harm's way and now the rest of Deep Space Nine's forces must rescue their trapped comrades, neutralize the ship and keep war at bay.
Behind the Scenes.
When asked why she wanted to write a Star Trek novel, Scott commented, "Partly, I think, it's the simple fact that when you encounter a world and characters that you enjoy, you want to be a part of it, too. In a TV series, that temptation is particularly strong, because, after all, it is a series. There are people out there who contribute the stories, create the world, and there's always the possibility that you can become one of them. In my case, because I came to Trek from the Blish novelizations, and was acutely conscious of how the written versions compared to the actual episodes, the idea of writing not screenplays but novels was very appealing. Plus, of course, I'm a better novelist than I am a screenwriter!"
Scott remembers how she got the assignment to write Proud Helios. "John Ordover approached me, knowing I was a Trek fan as well as an established SF writer in my own right, and asked if I'd be interested in doing a book in the DS9 universe. I really liked the series, particularly the constraints of keeping the show to the single station (this was early in the show's evolution), so I jumped at the chance. I asked if he had any guidelines, any stories he particularly wanted to see, or any he didn't, and he said, no, not really, he'd leave that up to me. So I went home, mulled it over and came up with the proposal that became Proud Helios. I sent it to John, who called me back almost at once, laughing. He'd promised himself that he wouldn't do any stories with space pirates--- and here I'd sent him one he wanted to use"

</doc>
<doc id="9857330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857330" title="2007 World Speed Skating Championships">
2007 World Speed Skating Championships

There were three World Speed Skating Championships in the 2007 season:

</doc>
<doc id="9857359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857359" title="Seller Listing">
Seller Listing

A Seller Listing (also referred to as a Property Listing or Home Listing) represents an agreement between a real estate agent and a property owner who wishes to sell. As a part of their buyer community, in exchange for a commission.
Almost universally required to be in writing by rules, laws, and regulations (using an "Exclusive Listing Agreement"), a Seller Listing arrangement is generally of the "Exclusive Sale" form, where the Listing Agent earns a commission even if the Seller finds the Buyer. There are also "Exclusive Agency" agreements where the Seller may try to find the Buyer and avoid some, or all, of the Agent's commission.
Finally, though little-used since the late 1980s, there are "Open" and "Private Exclusive" Listings, which are self-described. Seller Listings (exclusives) are entered into the centralized Multiple Listing Service (MLS) in most areas of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9857361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857361" title="Cité Phosphore">
Cité Phosphore

Cité Phosphore is a single by Rational Youth, released in 1982.
The main track "Cité Phosphore" was re-released on a 12 inch single the same year in English as "City of Night", and it is this second version that appeared on their first album "Cold War Night Life". The French version of the song never appeared afterwards.
The B-side, "Le Meilleur des Mondes" later appeared on their first album.
Also, the song has been covered and recorded by a Quebec City band Standing Waltz, released in 2009 on "Non-sens" album. Standing Waltz used Cité Phosphore as their first single. Cité phosphore is the only French song on "Non-sens".

</doc>
<doc id="9857362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857362" title="Laleshwar Singh">
Laleshwar Singh

Laleshwar Kumar Narayan Singh (born 2 April 1941) is the current High Commissioner from the Co-operative Republic of Guyana to the United Kingdom, as well as the non-resident ambassador in five other countries.
After studying law in Guyana, and training as a court clerk, he moved to work in the United Kingdom in 1961. From 1971 to 1993 he worked for the Magistrates' Courts Service in central London. In 1993 he was appointed the High Commissioner for Guyana in London, as well as the (non-resident) ambassador to the Netherlands. He has since been appointed non-resident ambassador to France and the Russian Federation (1995), the Czech Republic (1997) and the Holy See (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="9857382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857382" title="List of River City characters">
List of River City characters

This is a list of "River City" characters.

</doc>
<doc id="9857384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857384" title="Best Friend (50 Cent song)">
Best Friend (50 Cent song)

"Best Friend" by 50 Cent is the third single released from the soundtrack of the film "Get Rich or Die Tryin"' (2005) and the remix featuring Olivia is the third single from her album, "Behind Closed Doors". It is also featured on the 2006 edition of 50 Cent's 2005 album, "The Massacre".
Background.
The song is by 50 Cent and the remix features Olivia. The song is produced by Hi-Tek. The song also samples the song "Silly Wasn't I?" by Valerie Simpson from her self-titled 1972 album for its beat. It also constantly makes references to Biz Markie's "Just a Friend" chorus.
The original version of the song is used throughout the film as a way for Marcus (the character played by 50 Cent during Marcus' older years) to lyrically tease/flirt Charlene with, when he passes her the tape with the track on it. The beat in the song is actually different from the real version by 50 Cent. In the movie, the "Best Friend" instrumental is substituted by "The Bridge Is Over" by KRS-One.
Music Video.
A music video for the song was released in 2006, featuring Olivia. The video also features cameos by G-Unit members Mobb Deep, Spider Loc and Hot Rod.
The video/song has over 28 million views on Youtube.

</doc>
<doc id="9857392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857392" title="Mike Edwards (footballer)">
Mike Edwards (footballer)

Michael "Mike" Edwards (born 25 April 1980) is an English professional footballer who currently is a Free Agent after being released by Carlisle United. He plays as a defender.
He has previously played in the Football League for Notts County, Hull City, Colchester United and Grimsby Town.
Career.
Hull City.
Edwards was born in Hessle, Yorkshire, and began his football career as a trainee with Hull City. Primarily a centre back, he made his debut on 28 December 1997 in the Division Three game away to Rotherham United which Hull lost 5–4, but did not turn professional until the end of the 1997–98 season. By the time he left the club in March 2003, he was their longest-serving player, though still only 22 years old, and had played 208 games in all first-team competitions.
Colchester United.
Edwards joined Colchester United until the end of the season, but was then released, and then after had a trial for Boston United.
Grimsby Town.
Following another trial for Grimsby Town, Edwards signed a one-year deal with Grimsby. He spent the season rotating in the team in the centre half position, partnering Tony Crane, Paul Groves and Simon Ford. Following the club's relegation from the Second Division he wasn't offered a fresh contract and departed the club in May 2004.
Notts County.
Edwards was signed by Notts County in May 2004 on a free transfer from Grimsby Town by Gary Mills. He played just 10 games until cruciate ligament damage sustained during a League Cup first round tie away against West Ham United ruled him out for the rest of the season. Under new manager Gudjon Thordarson, Edwards made a remarkable comeback to play in all 50 league and cup games in the 2005–06 campaign, demonstrating his versatility by operating in central midfield for most of that season. He slotted back into defence after the departure of Kelvin Wilson towards the end of the season putting in consistent and impressive performances. Edwards scored seven times proving a menace to the opposition at set plays.
Edwards signed a new contract in May 2006 taking him through until May 2008. He won the club's Player of the Season award for 2006–07, and before the following season was made club captain. Only weeks later, in a pre-season fixture against St Blazey, he suffered a badly-broken leg and was out of the side until January 2008. He renewed his contract for a further two years in June 2008. He has been a regular in the Notts County starting 11 in 2010–2011 season. He made his 300th appearance for the club in the 2011–12 season in a 0–0 draw against Scunthorpe United.
Carlisle United.
On 11 June 2012, he signed a two-year deal with Carlisle United.
Personal life.
He is married to Kirsty and they have two children, Blake and Aiden.

</doc>
<doc id="9857407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857407" title="Jorge Román">
Jorge Román

Jorge Román (born in Palo Santo, Formosa, Argentina) is a film and television actor. He works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9857408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857408" title="St. Thomas' College, Matara">
St. Thomas' College, Matara

St.Thomas' College is a government school for boys in Matara, Sri Lanka which is located in the heart of Matara city. The College was initially founded as a private Anglican school by Christian Missionary Society of England (founded by one of the first Anglican Missionaries in Sri Lanka, Rev. Fr. N. J. Ondatjee) in Wellamadama, Dondra, Sri Lanka in 1844. It presently consists of well over 3500 student population catering the needs of children studying from primary level to secondary level education by a well experienced and qualified teachers of 150 at present.
School Objectives.
1.Providing equal educational opportunities for all students.
2.Providing encouragement and secure locality for all students through implementation of well-organised educational programme. 
3.Building up of self confidence in all students in order to promote their achievement levels by developing their potential.
4.Developing and implementing a conducive family environment within the school premises.
School Vision.
Gifting of an excellent Thomian to the nation and the universe.
School Mission.
Creating a perfect individual, well-equipped with knowledge, attitudes and skills, who can face the challenging situations with confidence.
St. Servatius–St. Thomas' Cricket Encounter.
St. Servatius–St. Thomas' Cricket Encounter known as the "Matara Battle of the Blues" is the annual cricket match played between St. Thomas' College, Matara and St. Servatius' College Matara.
Alumni.
List of alumni of St. Thomas' College, Matara;

</doc>
<doc id="9857421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857421" title="Lugari">
Lugari

Lugari is a town in the Western Province of Kenya. It is the capital of Lugari District. The town is located 10 kilometres east of Webuye. Lugari has an urban population of 5000 (1999 census [http://treasury.go.ke/cbs.go.ke/pdf/authority.pdf]).

</doc>
<doc id="9857427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857427" title="Matthew Darby">
Matthew Darby

Matthew George Darby, (born 27 August 1967) is a British publisher, conservationist and landscape designer. He was educated at the University of Edinburgh. He is the son of Adrian Darby and Lady Meriel Darby, daughter of former British Prime Minister, Sir Alec Douglas-Home (also known as 14th Earl of Home, and Lord Home of the Hirsel). Home's correspondence with Darby was published as "Letters to a Grandson" in 1983. 
Darby is the creator of the Pocket Canons, a best-selling series of books from the bible published in sixteen countries, and winner of the "Publishers' Publicity Circle award for Generic Campaign of the Year" in 1998. Darby is married to singer-songwriter Christina Kulukundis and has two children. 
Other voluntary interests:
Board member of the Cotswolds Conservation Board; Governor of Kemerton Conservation Trust; Trustee of Iris Darnton Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9857437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857437" title="Princess Elizabeth of Sweden">
Princess Elizabeth of Sweden

Princess Elizabeth of Sweden, (also "Elisabet Gustavsdotter Vasa"; 5 April 1549 Kungsör, Sweden- 20 November 1597 Stockholm), was a Swedish princess, and a duchess consort of Mecklenburg-Gadebusch by marriage to Christopher, Duke of Mecklenburg-Gadebusch. She was a daughter of King Gustav Vasa of Sweden and his second spouse, Queen Margaret.
Biography.
Early life.
After the death of her mother in 1551, she as well as her siblings were placed in the care of Christina Gyllenstierna and then under her aunts Brita and Martha Leijonhufvud before her father's remarriage to Catherine Stenbock. In 1556, she and her sisters were given a dowry of 100,000 daler, had their portraits painted and their personal qualities described in Latin by the court poet Henricus Mollerus and presented on the Dynastic marriage market. In contrast to her older sister Sofia Vasa, who was described as the most unhappy of the children of Gustav Vasa, Princess Elizabeth has been described as the happiest: she seemed to have a cheerful and placid personality. She was described as blond and pretty. A portrait originally believed to be of queen Karin Månsdotter now is believed to be of her.
Elizabeth had her own court and was responsible for the upbringing of her brothers' illegitimate children. Karin Månsdotter was among her maids before Karin became the mistress and later queen of Elizabeth's brother, King Eric XIV of Sweden. During the Northern Seven Years' War, she apparently showed generosity to Danish and German officers kept prisoners in Sweden. At the dethronement of King Eric XIV in 1568, it is described how Duke Magnus II of Saxe-Lauenburg, consort of her sister Princess Sophia, took her, Sophia and Queen Dowager Catherine by boat from the royal palace of Stockholm, to abandon Eric by joining the rebels, headed by Prince John in Uppsala. John stated in the official propaganda, that Eric had planned to present Catherine, Sophia and Elizabeth as hostages to Russia after he had failed to so with John's consort. Both before and after her marriage, Elizabeth acted as a stabilizing factor and a mediator during conflicts between her siblings. She kept in lifelong contact with them all through correspondence, and this could also be political. This is especially true regarding her brother Charles, with whom she was particularly close her entire life. During the reign of John III, the other siblings used her as an informer, as she lived in the close vicinity with John. In the autumn of 1573, a plot was prepared to assassinate John III. The plot was led by Charles de Mornay, who was in contact with Christina of Denmark and the French ambassador in Copenhagen Charles Dancay. John III was to be killed during a swords dance performed by Scottish mercenaries at the party which was to be given in October that year before the Scottish mercenaries departure to the Baltic. After the assassination, Duke Charles was to be placed upon the throne. Charles de Mornay, who had previously been the favorite of Eric XIV, promised that he knew the location of Eric's alleged hidden gold reserve, which he would reveal after the coup in exchange for better conditions for Eric in prison. However, the plot did not materialize because at the party, de Mornay never dared to give the sign to the mercenaries to take action. In September 1574, the plot was revealed and Charles de Mornay was arrested, interrogated and executed. It was never made clear who participated in the plot. However, it is noted, that the suspected conspirators Hogenskild Bielke, Gustav Banér and Pontus De la Gardie, often gathered at meetings in the apartment of Princess Elizabeth, meetings where Princess Cecilia of Sweden had also frequently been seen, and the two sisters and their brother Charles were somewhat compromised though they were never accused. Charles de Mornay also revealed, that one of the things which were agreed upon by the conspirators was to raised the dowry of Elizabeth from 100.000 to 150.000, so to make it possible for her to make a marriage of higher status. It is noted, that the marriage between Elizabeth and Henry III of France, which were officially suggested in 1574, could have been informally suggested through Charles already the year before, and that the French ambassador had expressed himself impressed by everything regarding Elizabeth with the exception of her dowry.
Marriage policy.
Princess Elizabeth was betrothed in 1562 to Christopher, the third son of Albert VII, Duke of Mecklenburg-Güstrow. Soon after, however, he was captured and held hostage for several years, and the engagement was considered broken. During the reign of the pro-Catholic John III, they were conflict as to whether she should be married to a Protestant or a catholic. In 1573, John III negotiated for a marriage with Grand Duke of Tuscany, while she herself, assisted by Charles and her sister Catherine, negotiated in secret for a marriage among the Protestant German princes, such as the dukes of Pomerania and Cleves.
In 1574, arrangements were made between her brother John III and the French queen dowager Catherine de' Medici to marry her to Henry III of France. Catherine de' Medici regarded Elizabeth as suitable, because she wished for her son to marry a royal princess; because the match was seen as beneficial to maintaining French influence in Poland, and also because it would gain France an ally outside of the Habsburg lands which surrounded France. According to contemporary reports, Catherine also regarded it as benefit that Elizabeth could not speak French, as this would make it harder for her to replace Catherine in her role as the dominant queen at the French court. The French ambassador in Denmark, Charles Dancay, was given the task of providing a portrait of Elizabeth, and gave the following report of her character: 
"I have been assured that she is very beautiful, has good sense, that she is pleasing, has a good figure and posture ... everyone recommends her great humility, in truth Sire, everyone that knows her admires and honors her virtues ... She finds her pleasure at the spinet and plays it better than most, she also plays the lute, and she is also of a mild and soothing temperament."
Elizabeth were described by the French ambassador as beautiful, with an attractive figure and good posture, was praised for her modesty and complimented for her virtues, could play both the lute and the virginals, and: "by all regarded as one of the most accomplished and most virtuous princesses in Europe, and that no one had heard of any fault, physical nor in the mind". In January 1575, the French envoy Claude Pinart visited Sweden: Elizabeth, being with her brother Charles in Nyköping, refused to join John III in Stockholm to see Pinart, but Pinart saw her in Nyköping. The French marriage was almost decided, when the French king suddenly and unexpectedly announced, that he himself had long ago decided to marry Louise of Lorraine-Vaudémont.
In 1576, John III send count Pontus De la Gardie to Italy to negotiate a marriage between Elizabeth and the Duke of Modena or some other Italian Prince. The purpose was to benefit the contact between Pro-Catholic John III of Sweden and the Pope, and to make it easier for him to attain the Italian inheritance from his mother-in-law, Bona Sforza. However, Elizabeth, supported by Charles, now refused a match with a Catholic for religious reasons. The religious conflict between her and John III was illustrated when, in March 1578, he sent three riksråd to her to lecture her: though it is not known what they said, she is reported to have cried and fainted repeatedly after their visit.
Duchess of Mecklenburg-Gadebusch.
In 1576, her former betrothed, the now recently widowed Christopher of Mecklenburg proposed a second time, and was accepted. Elizabeth herself participated in the negotiations personally to ensure her economical rights, assisted by her siblings Charles and Catherine, while King John accepted the marriage mainly because he saw it suitable that she marry because of her age. The marriage was delayed because of religious reasons: the staunch Protestants Elizabeth and Charles was careful to defend that the wedding ceremony and everything regarding it should be Lutheran against the Pro-Catholic John III. Elizabeth had the Augsburg Confession translated for the first time to Swedish and printed to the guests at the wedding, likely as a way of demonstrating against the Pro-Catholic policy of John. Elizabeth and Christopher were married in Stockholm 7 May 1581. She arrived in Wismar in Mecklenburg in July, where she was welcomed by the nobility and representatives of the Hansa from Rostock and Lübeck. However, Elizabeth was not accepted by the pro-Danish family of her consort.
The couple lived in the city of Gadebusch in the part of the duchy of Mecklenburg which had been divided into a duchy for her consort, Mecklenburg-Gadebush. The relationship between Elizabeth and Christopher has been described as happy. Their long wait for each other has been considered a sign that this was not merely an arranged marriage, but also a love match: the preserved letters has also been regarded as an sign that their union was happier and more personal than most royal marriages of the time. Christopher challenged his brother Ulrich about the guardianship and regency over his nephew John, and Elizabeth tried to use her contacts to assist him until the conflict ceased in 1585: her brother John III was however never very interested in helping her. She actively worked for Swedish interests in Mecklenburg and had ha lot of Swedes at her court. Elizabeth ad described as an ideal Lutheran princess consort. She benefited Lutheranism, founded a Protestant library and corresponded with the Lutheran theologian David Chytraeus in Rostock. In 1589-90, she arranged the marriage between her brother Charles and Christina of Holstein-Gottorp. Trough correspondence, Elizabeth continued to act as an informer and a mediator between her siblings during conflicts.
Later life.
In March 1592, Elizabeth Vasa became a widow. The lands of her consort was then incorporated into those of her former in-laws, which were Pro-Danish and refused her access to her dower lands and income. In 1593, she returned to Sweden with her daughter, which she placed under the guardianship of her brother Charles. She also demanded to be given her dowry, which had never been paid, and wished to discuss a proposal of marriage from John Frederick of Brunswick-Lüneburg with Charles. In 1594, Charles secured her Norrköping for her residence and income, where she resided with her court. Elizabeth were given secret document to keep from the royal council by Charles, and during the conflict between Charles and Sigismund, the loyalists of Sigismund kept watch of who she visited and consorted with because of her closeness to Charles, and speculated about her political sympathies. She was present at the assembly in Stockholm in the summer of 1597, were Charles was granted more authority.
Elizabeth died suddenly and unexpectedly 10 November 1597. Elizabeth had a grave monument constructed for herself and her spouse in the Cathedral of Schwerin, but in the end she was buried in her father's family grave in Uppsala Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9857478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857478" title="Source Mississippi">
Source Mississippi

The Kat Club - Source Mississippi recorded at Rockin' Kat Ranch Studio, Chatsworth, California between 1996 and 2000. Mixed at Kat Club Cabaña Studio, on Santa Monica Bay 2001. Produced by D.J.Peters.

</doc>
<doc id="9857493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857493" title="Dwarf tinamou">
Dwarf tinamou

The dwarf tinamou ("Taoniscus nanus") also known as the least tinamou, is a small, partridge-like bird with short tail and wings.
Description.
It is approximately long. It is greyish-brown with a pale throat, boldly patterned neck and upper parts, and it has brown-barred buff underparts and a blackish crown. Some individuals are significantly darker and greyer than others, but it remains unclear if these plumage variations are morphs or differences between the sexes. The iris and legs are dull yellowish. It resembles a small dumpy nothura, but is more easily confused with the ocellated crake.
Behavior.
Its voice consists of high-pitched cricket-like trills followed by "peet" notes.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds. The dwarf tinamou is the only member of the genus "Taoniscus" and is a monotypic species.
Range and habitat.
The dwarf tinamou is found in the arid scrub grasslands, around in elevation, restricted to the Cerrado region of interior southeastern Brazil in Distrito Federal, Goiás, Minas Gerais, Mato Grosso do Sul, São Paulo and formerly Paraná. Specimens "were" also known from Paraguay (Misiones) and Argentina (the Río Bermejo in either Chaco or Formosa), but all recent records are from Brazil. It is, however, highly inconspicuous and easily overlooked.
Diet.
The diet of the dwarf tinamou consists mainly of grass seeds, termites, insects and arthropods.
Threats.
The dwarf tinamou is currently threatened by the ongoing habitat loss caused by mechanised agriculture, intensive cattle-ranching, afforestation, invasive grasses, excessive use of pesticides and annual burning. It is also hunted by people for food in some areas. Farming and ranching are its largest threats. The dwarf tinamou is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It has an occurrence range of , and the last population estimate, done in 2000, showed between 5,800 and 6,960 adults.
Conservation measures.
The dwarf tinamou is currently been conserved in three protected areas: Serra da Canastra National Park, Itapetininga Experimental Station and the IBGE Roncador Biological Reserve. Several areas adjacent to the Río Bermejo, Argentina, have been surveyed with the aid of tape-playback, but the species has not been found. It was also been proposed to survey Serra do Cipó National Park, Chapada dos Veadeiros National Park and Emas National Park specifically for this species with the aid of tape-playback. And conduct further surveys in Argentina and Paraguay in the areas where the specimen was collected. It was also been proposed to determine best management practices for existing protected areas and control the burning of cerrado habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="9857500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857500" title="Kaber, Cumbria">
Kaber, Cumbria

Kaber is a village and civil parish in the Eden District of Cumbria, England. It is about south of Brough.

</doc>
<doc id="9857503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857503" title="RapidMind">
RapidMind

RapidMind Inc. was a privately held company founded and headquartered in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, acquired by Intel in 2009. It provided a software product that aims to make it simpler for software developers to target multi-core processors and accelerators such as graphics processing units (GPUs).
History.
RapidMind was started in 2004 based on the academic research related to the Sh project at the University of Waterloo. It received a seed round of financing (amount undisclosed) at the beginning of 2006, and raised its Series A round of $10 million Canadian in April 2007.
RapidMind was acquired by Intel on 19 August 2009. Intel continued to sell the RapidMind Multi-core Development Platform through 2010. The RapidMind team and technology was integrated into the Intel Ct research project. The results of the combination were introduced in September 2010 as Intel Array Building Blocks.
Multi-core development platform.
A multi-core development platform was RapidMind's primary product, and continued to be sold by Intel. It is exposed as a set of C++ libraries, which provide types and operations used to express parallel computations. The programming model is primarily data parallel, although it is sufficiently generic to express task-parallel operations. The platform targeted multi-core x86 processors, GPUs (via OpenCL), and the Cell processor.

</doc>
<doc id="9857509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857509" title="Frederick Rinder">
Frederick Rinder

Frederick William Rinder (July 1858, Liverpool – 25 December 1938, Harborne, Birmingham) was a committee member and later chairman of Aston Villa during the club's 'Golden Age'. Known as the 'Grand Old Man of Aston Villa'; he is widely regarded as one of the greatest association football administrators. He was also largely responsible for the design and development of Villa Park.
Rinder arrived in Birmingham in 1876 at the age of 18 and became a member of the club in 1881. He first came to the fore in 1887 when Villa built the Grand Stand at Perry Barr, as he was by trade, a surveyor for the Birmingham City Corporation his expertise and contacts proved invaluable to the club. He became the club's financial secretary in 1892, and set about installing turnstiles at Villa's Perry Barr ground. Gate receipts immediately increased from £75 to £250. He introduced many other good business practices to the club. It was his idea to make Aston Villa a limited company. 
Rinder was also the instigator of the infamous Barwick Street meeting in February 1893, at which he swept away the men who were running Villa into the ground, criticizing the board's tolerance of ill discipline and players' drinking. The following season saw Villa win their first League Championship.
He became chairman in 1898 and remained in the post until his resignation in 1925, when he stepped down largely due to the criticism he received for the spiralling cost of the new Trinity Road Stand. However, Rinder's view was that nothing but the very best was good enough for Aston Villa with its stained glass, Italian mosaics and grand frontage.
Following Villa's first relegation in 1936, the 78-year-old Rinder was brought back after an 11 year absence. His first act was to introduce a coach whom he met whilst on FA duty at the 1936 Berlin Olympics, Jimmy Hogan, who led Villa to the Second Division championship in 1937/38.
Rinder died on Christmas Day, 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="9857533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857533" title="Arnoud Okken">
Arnoud Okken

Arnoud Okken (born 20 April 1982 in Doetinchem) is a Dutch athlete specialising in the 800 metres.
His first international victory came at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships. Commenting on the win, Okken stated that "my plan was to take the lead and keep away from any trouble. Fortunately, I managed to do this." As Bram Som won the 2006 European Athletics Championships, the Netherlands held the European 800 m title both indoor and outdoor.

</doc>
<doc id="9857553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857553" title="Carl Friedrich Richard Förster">
Carl Friedrich Richard Förster

Carl Friedrich Richard Förster (15 November 1825 – 7 July 1902) was a German ophthalmologist born in the town of Lissa (today Leszno, Poland). 
He received his medical doctorate in 1849, and for most of his career was associated with the University of Breslau. Two of his assistants at Breslau were Hermann Wilbrand (1851–1935) and Hermann Rudolph Aubert (1826–1892).
Förster is remembered for conducting tests of visual acuity, and for his investigations of indirect vision and visual field boundaries. From his research, the eponymous terms of "Förster perimeter" and "Förster's shift" are derived. A Förster perimeter was an instrument used to measure an individual's field of vision. He also devised a specialized photometer to determine the smallest amount of light that will permit an object to be visible.
In 1871 Förster defined the difference between negative and positive scotoma (blind spot); if vision of the scotoma region is a void, it is a negative scotoma, and if the scotoma is an area of darkness/lightness or composed of hallucinatory patterns, it is called a positive scotoma.

</doc>
<doc id="9857554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857554" title="Excellence and equity">
Excellence and equity

A key goal in education reform in many states is excellence and equity. Education leaders such as Washington's Terry Bergeson have stated that these goals are necessary to build in which all students earn a meaningful high school diploma. These goals will break the link between race, poverty and insufficient academic achievement. Standards-based testing has forced face the facts about low achievement. Graduation requirements requiring passing rigorous tests continue to be a spur to action to address and remove those inequities. The National Science Education Standards also name excellence and equity as key goals.

</doc>
<doc id="9857556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857556" title="The Stourport High School and Sixth Form Centre">
The Stourport High School and Sixth Form Centre

The Stourport Academy & VIth Form Centre, formerly known as the Stourport High School and Language College, opened to students in 1956 as an 11-18 school. The starting age was increased to 13 during the 1970s, but reverted to 11 in 2007 as part of the Wyre Forest Review. The school is located in the town of Stourport-on-Severn in Worcestershire, England. It was built to replace the Stourport Secondary Modern School, which was formerly Lickhill Middle.
Present Day.
In January 2009, Ofsted graded the school as 1 (Outstanding) on their 4-point scale.
Elizabeth Quinn, the current headteacher, won the 2009 secondary headteacher of the year award for the West Midlands region. Ofstead rated them 'Outstanding' in 2009 and have recently been put into the top 100 school in England for consistent improvement! 
On 5 July 2010, Secretary of State for Education, Michael Gove, announced that the planned rebuild of the school would be cancelled with the scrapping of the Building Schools for the Future programme.
Sport and Local Involvement.
The Sixth Form are regular entrants into the(5-a-side football) Kidderminster Premier League. In the 2009/2010 season, both an A and B team were entered into the league with the A team finishing as league champions and the B team finishing fourth. The Sixth Form are hoping to repeat this success in the 2010 season with just the one team.
Stourport is part of a Worcestershire organisation called ContinU, a trust that creates more courses for students attending secondary, and high schools in the Wyre Forest and Hagley area.
Stourport is currently working with:

</doc>
<doc id="9857567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857567" title="Pat Loughrey">
Pat Loughrey

Stephen Victor Patrick Loughrey (born 29 December 1955) is the Warden of Goldsmiths, University of London.
Early life.
Loughrey was born in 1955 and grew up in County Donegal, Ireland. He lived in the townland of Ray (pronounced as 'Rai'), on the shores of Lough Swilly. He attended Loreto College in Milford, County Donegal. Loughrey went on to study at the University of Ulster (BA Hons Contemporary History), The Queen's University of Belfast (MA History) and Trent University, Ontario (Doctoral Research Fellowship in 1977).
Career.
He began his career as a teacher at St Colm's High School, Draperstown from 1978–84, becoming Head of the Languages department. He became a freelance broadcaster for UTV, BBC and RTÉ before joining the BBC as an education producer in 1984.
In 1987 he was responsible for the highly acclaimed radio series The People Of Ireland and edited the subsequent publication of the same name. He was also editor of the historical journal, Ulster Local Studies.
In 1988 he was appointed Head of Educational Broadcasting, BBC Northern Ireland.
He became Head of Programmes, responsible for all local and network output, in 1991 before becoming Controller, BBC Northern Ireland in 1994.
Loughrey was appointed Director, Nations and Regions, in May 2000. Holding overall responsibility for the BBC's television, radio and online programmes and services in Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and the 12 English Regions. In December 2009, Loughrey left his post after 25 years service in the BBC. 
In early 2010 he became Warden (Vice Chancellor) of Goldsmiths, University of London 
Loughrey holds a number of other honorary roles including; Visiting Professor at University of Ulster: School of Journalism & Media, European Television & Media Academy, Strasbourg - Member of Advisory Board / Tutor, University of London Institute, Paris - Vice Chairman and Hong Kong Advanced Institute for Cross Disciplinary Studies - Member of International Advisory Board.
Recognition.
He received the University of Ulster's Distinguished Graduate Award in 1997 and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Leeds Metropolitan University in 2009. He is a Fellow of The Radio Academy and a member of BAFTA.

</doc>
<doc id="9857569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857569" title="Nursery (room)">
Nursery (room)

A nursery is usually, in American connotations, a bedroom within a house or other dwelling set aside for an infant or toddler. A typical nursery would contain a crib (or similar type of bed), a table or platform for the purpose of changing diapers (also known as a changing table), as well as various items required for the care of the child (such as baby powder and medicine). A nursery is generally designated for the smallest bedroom in the house, as a baby requires very little space until at least walking age; the premise being that the room is used almost exclusively for sleep. However, the room in many cases could remain the bedroom of the child well into his or her teenage years, or until a younger sibling is born, and the parents decide to move the older child into another larger bedroom, if one should be available.
In Victorian and Edwardian times, for the wealthy and mid-tier classes, a nursery was a suite of rooms at the top of a house, including the night nursery, where the children slept, and a day nursery, where they ate and played, or a combination thereof. The nursery suite would include some bathroom facilities and possibly a small kitchen. The nurse (nanny) and nursemaid (assistant) slept in the suite too, to be within earshot of the sleeping children. The schoolroom might also be adjacent, but the governess, whose job it was to teach the children, would not be part of the nursery; she would have her own bedroom, possibly in another wing. Fictional portrayals of nurseries abound, for example in the writings of Kipling and E. Nesbit; perhaps the most famous nursery is that in "Mary Poppins", or the nursery in J.M. Barrie's "Peter Pan" and the nursery in Jim Henson's Muppet Babies.

</doc>
<doc id="9857570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857570" title="Joseph Bailey">
Joseph Bailey

Joseph Bailey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9857580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857580" title="Mark Gurr">
Mark Gurr

Mark Gurr (born February 18, 1966) is a retired tennis player from Zimbabwe, who represented his native country as a qualifier at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he lost in the first round of the men's singles competition to Spain's Sergio Casal. Mark went to Oriel Boys High School in Harare together with Byron Black and Graig Rodgers, and played in the Davis Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9857587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857587" title="Astropecten polyacanthus">
Astropecten polyacanthus

Astropecten polyacanthus, the sand sifting starfish or comb star, is a sea star of the family Astropectinidae. It is the most widespread species in the "Astropecten" genus, found throughout the Indo-Pacific region. The armspread is up to . The specific epithet "polyacanthus" comes from the Latin meaning "many thorned".
Description.
The upper surface of the comb star is a dark purplish colour, while the underside is orange. On the upper surface paxillae, (Latin, "little stakes") little pillars with flattened summits, are cream, grey or brown, the colours sometimes making a chevron pattern. Along the edges of the five arms there is a fringe of long, sharp marginal spines, usually with brown bases and pale tips. The arms are fairly broad and have a maximum length of . The tube feet are pointed rather than having suckers, an arrangement that is more suitable for digging. "Astropecten polyacanthus" can be confused with "Archaster spp." which look similar because both have developed features to enable them to dig through sand through convergent evolution. "Archaster" has spines that are flat and blunt and on its upper surface has parallel, radial rows of plates while "Astropecten polyacanthus" does not.
Distribution.
The comb star is found in shallow tropical and sub-tropical seas throughout the Indo-Pacific region from the Red Sea and Zanzibar to Hawaii, and from Japan to Australia and New Zealand. In Australia the range extends from Cape Naturaliste in the west, round the north coast to Sydney in the east. It is often found on silty sand bottoms in harbours and estuaries. It is found at depths down to about .
Biology.
The comb star spends much of its time buried in the silty seabed. It feeds on detritus and bivalve and gastropod molluscs which it swallows whole. It also sometimes engulfs pebbles and digests the biofilm and small invertebrates adhering to the surface.
"Astropecten polyacanthus" contains the potent neurotoxin, tetrodotoxin, also known as TTX which has no known antidote. In a case of paralytic poisoning in Japan it was found that the victim had eaten a trumpet shell, "Charonia lampas", which had acquired the toxin through its food chain, thus implicating "Astropecten polyacanthus". In a study that followed this incident, most of the 54 comb stars assayed contained TTX, with one individual having a toxicity score of 520 mouse units per gram.
Use in aquaria.
The comb star is sometimes kept in reef aquaria where it is efficient at clearing detritus and uneaten food from the sand or gravel. It is mostly nocturnal and needs to be acclimatized gradually to the conditions in the tank. If it is overstocked, it will starve.

</doc>
<doc id="9857589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857589" title="Centauros del pasado">
Centauros del pasado

Centauros del pasado is a 1944 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857592" title="When Spring Makes a Mistake">
When Spring Makes a Mistake

When Spring Makes a Mistake or Cuando la primavera se equivoca is a 1944 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9857601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857601" title="La Danza de la fortuna">
La Danza de la fortuna

La Danza de la fortuna is a 1944 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857606" title="Delirio (band)">
Delirio (band)

Delirio is a Latin alternative band that came in the late 90s out of northern California adding to the Latin music scene that invaded the US in the 1990s with bands such as Mana, La Ley, Los Enanitos Verdes, among others. Delirio's style and influences came from the American alternative music scene. Bands such as Stabbing Westward, Filter, Nine Inch Nails, Stone Temple Pilots as well as cultural icons such as Depeche Mode & The Cure helped Delirio form their own style. The Latin music scene at that time gave enthusiasts the opportunity to hear the music styles they loved and grew up with in their native language. 
The band is formed by vocalist Edgar Escobedo, guitars Albert Lopez, drummer Marco Lopez and bassist Juan Diego Lopez. Delirio gained fan support by their music style, performance and song writing which led them to share the stage with many established international acts and participate in many music festivals in the US and Mexico. 
In 2007, Delirio released their first independent production under independent label Gold Flame Records. The album gained college radio support and their singles "Angel" and "Bien Venido Al Show" charted in the top 10 radio spots in various college or independent radio stations supporting Latin alternative music.

</doc>
<doc id="9857613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857613" title="Power delay profile">
Power delay profile

The power delay profile (PDP) gives the intensity of a signal received through a multipath channel as a function of time delay. The time delay is the difference in travel time between multipath arrivals. The abscissa is in units of time and the ordinate is usually in decibels.
It is easily measured empirically and can be used to extract certain channel's parameters such as the delay spread.
For Small Scale channel modeling, the power delay profile of the channel is found by taking the spatial average baseband impulse response of a multipath channel.that is |hb(t;τ)|2 over a local area.
References.
2. 36521 section B2[http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/Specs/html-info/36521-1.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9857620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857620" title="Los Dos rivales">
Los Dos rivales

Los Dos rivales is a 1944 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857622" title="Quarrier's Village">
Quarrier's Village

Quarrier's Village is a small settlement in the civil parish of Kilmacolm in Inverclyde council area and the historic county of Renfrewshire in the west Central Lowlands of Scotland. It lies within the Gryffe Valley between the villages of Kilmacolm and Bridge of Weir, falling on the boundary between the modern Inverclyde and Renfrewshire council areas.
Now a residential commuter village, Quarrier's was constructed as the Orphans Homes of Scotland in the late 19th century by philanthropist William Quarrier. In modern times, these orphans' homes and associated buildings have been converted into private housing and some expansion has taken place with new residential development. A charity under the name of Quarriers continues the work of the former homes and is based within the village.
History.
The village was founded as the Orphan Homes of Scotland in 1876 by Glasgow shoe-maker and philanthropist William Quarrier on the site of the former Nittingshill Farm. Quarrier had a vision of a community allowing the young people in his care to thrive, set in a countryside environment and housed in a number of grand residences under a house-mother and father. This vision was realised by a number of donations from Quarrier and his friends.
As a devout Christian, Quarrier also wished to pass on these values to the children in his charge. As such, he commissioned the building of the grand Mount Zion Church - known informally as the Children's Cathedral; his values are also reflected in the naming of streets in the village, such as Faith Avenue, Hope Avenue, Love Avenue, Praise Avenue and Peace Avenue. To the great pity of local residents, the Church of Scotland has made clear that it can no longer afford to upkeep Mount Zion. Since 2006, services are no longer given in the church, but rather in one of the nearby homes. Despite widespread local opposition to private development, Mount Zion is currently, as of January 2010 under conversion to private luxury dwellings. Whilst the local authority rejected the planning application for the works on account of this opposition, the developer appealed to the Scottish Executive and won the planning permission.
Until 1999, it was also the site of the Bridge of Weir Hospital, opened as a tuberculosis sanatorium. The main section of the hospital has now been converted into residential flats. Hunter House, also commissioned by Quarrier and completed three years after his death, remains Scotland's only residential epilepsy assessment centre.
Quarriers is a registered charity and still functions to help disadvantaged young people, carers and adults with disabilities in the United Kingdom and beyond. However, due to the changing nature of childcare, the number of children being cared for in the village fell dramatically in the 1970s and 80s, and most of the homes were sold off privately. Since 1993 in particular, there are barely any children actually housed by Quarriers charity in the village, and an expanding development of private housing. The village now attracts tourists to admire its beautiful setting, and offers small coffee shops and a craft centre to cater to them.
Greenock Morton Football Club train here at their training park.
Geography.
Quarrier's Village lies within the moorland of the Gryffe Valley immediately south of the River Gryffe. The settlement is bisected by the Gotter Water, a tributary of the Gryffe, with the majority of the village standing on its north bank. A number of both vehicle and footbridges cross the Gotter Water within the village whilst the Gryffe is crossed by a road bridge, Craigends Bridge, at the edge of the settlement, and a two pedestrian bridges. One of these footbridges over the Gryffe links the community with the Forth to Clyde cycle route (National Cycle Route 75), which was formerly the line of the Greenock and Ayrshire Railway.
Architecture.
Each of the residential houses built in Quarrier's Village were to an individual design, with donors having a large influence in the style in which their cottages were cast, and also the buildings' names. As such, the village is an unusual mix of Gothic, French, Old English, Scottish baronial and Italian. The overall plan of the village is of a more English style than is typical in the area, with a parkland and village green-type layout. Only three houses in the village can be directly traced to traditional Scottish architecture.
Despite this mix of styles, one architect is responsible for virtually the entire village: Robert Bryden of the Clarke and Bell firm in Glasgow. Bryden worked free of charge on Quarrier's projects over a course of some twenty-eight years.
Local government.
Quarrier's Village is part of the civil parish of Kilmacolm and continues to be associated with it for the purposes of local government. The Kilmacolm Community Council represents its interests to the local authority, Inverclyde Council. For local government electoral purposes, Kilmacolm and Quarrier's Village both form part of the Inverclyde East electoral ward.
There is also a residents' association for the village, the Quarrier's Village Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9857623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857623" title="Ieya">
Ieya

"Ieya" was the fourth UK single from the post-punk band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1980. It was later remixed and re-issued in 1982.
This track became an ever-present mainstay of Toyah's live sets, and to this day it is rare for Toyah to play a full set and not perform "Ieya". Its B-side, "Helium Song", was an extended version of the track "Spaced Walking", which, along with "Ieya", featured on the band's first full-length release, "The Blue Meaning". Both tracks also featured on the 2005 compilation album "".
The single was released in several formats, including three different 7-inch vinyl releases, and for the first time, a 12-inch single.
Background.
"Ieya" started off as a jam, on stage. Some months before its release the band played in Bath. The show, according to Toyah, had gone phenomenally well, but the band had trouble with the National Front. Toyah explained: 
"At the end of the concert the NF were so incensed that the police were called and had to get us out via the Gents window at the back and into a police van, because the NF were outside, kicking in cars, waiting for us at the stage door to kick our heads in. A full-blown riot was in progress", Toyah remembered. 
"IEYA", according to the singer, "is about mankind believing in ourselves so much that we believe we are immortal and can become our own gods, therefore challenging God as the Devil, in the form of the Devil; man being the beast".
"Necronomicon" reference.
Necronomicon reference ("Zion, Zuberon, Necronomicon") had to do with a paranormal experience of her own. In a 1980 interview Toyah related how nightmare images which were regularly visiting her when she was five all came back to her later in the paintings of H. R. Giger: 
Tracklisting.
7" Black Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 28
7" White Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 28
7" Picture Disc Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE P28
12" White Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE L28
Produced by Steve James and Toyah.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs.
Both sides on all formats ran at 45RPM.
1982 Re-issue.
The re-issue of "Ieya" was the eleventh UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in the summer of 1982. It was available in a different picture sleeve to the original single release, which featured a close up image of part of the album cover of "The Blue Meaning".
The single was a rerecording of the track from the 1980 album "The Blue Meaning", but given a distinctly poppier reworking. It was again backed with "The Helium Song" - the extended version of "Spaced Walking" which was included on the original single two years previously. 
A shorter edit of the re-recording appeared on promo singles sent to radio stations and used in jukeboxes. This edit originally featured commercially on the 1984 "Toyah Toyah! Toyah! - All the Hits" album and a K-Tel compilation, "Chart Heat", which one got free with "Chart Beat", or vice versa. None of the single releases included this edit. 
The single edit of this song was included on the 1999 reissue of "The Changeling", while the full length version made its CD debut on the 2005 compilation "".
Track listing.
7" Black Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 28
7" White Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 28
This was allegedly pressed because Safari ran out of black vinyl, however its worth noting that the original version of "Ieya" was also released in white and black vinyl variations.
7" Transparent Picture Disc Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE P45
The original single version of "Ieya" was included on the picture disc.
Produced by Nick Tauber, except ◊ produced by Steve James & Toyah.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides of all releases ran at 45RPM.
Personnel.
Except ◊:

</doc>
<doc id="9857627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857627" title="La Verdadera victoria">
La Verdadera victoria

La Verdadera victoria (English language:Passionately) is a 1944 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Pedro López Lagar. Music by Franz Schubert was used in the film together with compositions by Alejandro Gutiérrez del Barrio.

</doc>
<doc id="9857628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857628" title="Roy Blackbeard">
Roy Blackbeard

Roy Warren Blackbeard (born 16 April 1953) is the High Commissioner from the Republic of Botswana to the United Kingdom.
After working for De Beers and Price Waterhouse, as well as operating his own company, he became a Member of the National Assembly of Botswana in 1989, representing Serowe North for the Botswana Democratic Party. He was appointed the Assistant Minster for Agriculture in 1992 and the Minister in 1994, which he held until 1997; in 1998, he left Parliament and was appointed the High Commissioner in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9857629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857629" title="Angel (1984 film)">
Angel (1984 film)

Angel is a 1984 film directed by Robert Vincent O'Neill, and written by O'Neill with Joseph Michael Cala. It was released by New World Pictures.
Plot.
15-year-old honor student Molly Stewart (Donna Wilkes) attends her private prep school in the Los Angeles area by day. However, at night, she transforms to Angel: the mini-skirted, high-heeled street prostitute working Hollywood Boulevard. Some members of her street family are the aging movie cowboy Kit Carson (Rory Calhoun), street performer Yoyo Charlie (Steven M. Porter) transvestite Mae (Dick Shawn) and fellow hookers Crystal (Donna McDaniel) and Lana (Graem McGavin).
All is not well as hookers are being killed by a psycho-necrophiliac (John Diehl). Los Angeles Police Lt. Andrews (Cliff Gorman) has been assigned to the case, but he has no leads. Tragedy strikes Angel's group of friends when Crystal becomes a victim.
The next day at school, Molly sees teacher Patricia Allen (Elaine Giftos) who is concerned about Molly's lack of extra-curricular activities. Molly explains that her mother has been paralyzed by a stroke and she needs to go home immediately after school every day to take care of her.
Lt. Andrews advises the girls to work in pairs. Angel is working with her partner, Lana, when Lana takes a potential client to a motel room she and Angel share. A couple of hours later, when Angel shows up at the room with a client of her own, she finds the body of Lana in the shower where the killer left it. Based on a description Angel gives the police, a sketch is made and the killer is brought in for a lineup. Angel recognizes him, but he escapes, shooting his way out of the police station.
Andrews takes Molly/Angel home to speak with her parents, but he finds out that Molly's father had left nine years ago and that her mother had abandoned Molly three years ago. Molly keeps up the fiction of her mother being around so that she will not be sent to a foster home and believes someday her father will return. Thus, since the age of 12, she has paid the rent by prostitution.
Despite Andrews's warnings to stay off the street, Angel/Molly purchases a pistol and goes back to work. But that night, one of her schoolmates, Ric Sawyer, and some of his friends see Angel, and before long, the whole school commences to realize that Molly spends her evenings as a Hollywood hooker.
The next day, Ms. Allen visits Molly’s apartment, insisting on seeing Molly’s mother. Mae pretends to be Molly's mother, but Allen sees through this subterfuge. Later, Mae is still at the apartment when the killer shows up and stabs Mae to death.
Andrews and Molly return to her apartment to find Mae dead. Molly heads out on the streets with a huge, long-barrelled magnum to avenge Mae, and Andrews goes after her. After a fight and chase, Carson, whom Andrews has enlisted to help, shoots the killer, and Molly, Andrews and a wounded Carson walk off together as the scene fades to black.
Sequels.
The film was popular enough to spawn three sequels, each with a different starring actress. Sequels were "Avenging Angel" (1985), starring Betsy Russell, "Angel III: The Final Chapter" (1988), starring Mitzi Kapture, and "Angel 4: Undercover" (1993), starring Darlene Vogel. All were commercial failures at the box office.
Behind the scenes.
Lead actress Donna Wilkes was actually twenty-four years old, when she played the role of fifteen-year-old Molly Stuart in this film. She prepared for the role by talking to real-life street prostitutes on Hollywood Boulevard, and spent time with the Los Angeles Police Department, and in various halfway houses for underage children living on the streets of Los Angeles.
Composer Craig Safan wrote the score to this film in less than a week. The film premiered at the Hollywood Pacific Theatre on Hollywood Boulevard. A fact sheet inside the theatre, prior to its closure in 1994, confirmed this. The theatre also features in the climax of the film, where a gun-toting Angel opens fire on the killer, terrifying patrons outside. 
The motel in the film is the El Royale Motel at 11117 Ventura Boulevard, Studio City. Most of the film was shot at real locations on and around Hollywood Boulevard.
DVD release.
In 2003, Anchor Bay Entertainment released the Region 1 DVD box set of the first three "Angel" films entitled "The Angel Collection".

</doc>
<doc id="9857632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857632" title="El Fin de la noche">
El Fin de la noche

El Fin de la noche () is a 1944 Argentine film. The movie is notable for being an anti-Nazi film made in neutral Argentina in the course of World War II and set in occupied France. Shot from August to November 1943, the release was put on hold for more than a year, pending authorization by the pro-Axis military government of that time. The film is also remembered in Argentina for Libertad Lamarque's performance of the tango "Uno", composed by Mariano Mores and Enrique Santos Discépolo.
Plot.
A female Argentine tango singer in occupied France (Libertad Lamarque) gets romantically involved with a Resistance member (Juan José Miguez). A local Gestapo commander (Alberto Bello) tries to convince her to infiltrate the Resistance in exchange for her daughter's safety.

</doc>
<doc id="9857637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857637" title="Edwin Winans">
Edwin Winans

Edwin Winans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9857641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857641" title="Hay que casar a Paulina">
Hay que casar a Paulina

Hay que casar a Paulina is a 1944 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857645" title="Philip Tuckniss">
Philip Tuckniss

Philip Tuckniss (born May 5, 1962) is a retired tennis player from Rhodesia, who represented his native country as a qualifier at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he lost in the second round of the men's doubles competition to Sweden's eventual bronze medalists Anders Järryd and Stefan Edberg, while partnering Mark Gurr. He has been happily married since 1997. 
Tuckniss now lives in Chattanooga, TN where he works on old homes. When he finished playing tennis professionally, he taught tennis for 15 years, and then slowed down to doing few individual lessons, but has no current students. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857649" title="Praepostor">
Praepostor

Praepostor (sometimes spelt Praepositor) is now used chiefly at English independent schools, such as Aldenham, Rugby, Giggleswick and Eton at other schools such as the former Derby School which began as grammar schools for the teaching of Latin grammar. It is the equivalent of prefect. The word originally referred to a monastic prior and is late Latin of the Middle Ages, derived from classical Latin "praepositus", "placed before".
The use of "praepostor" in the context of a school is derived from the practice of using older children to lead or control younger children. This originally involved both leading in lessons and keeping general discipline, but latterly it involved only discipline. 
Children helping to lead classes were also called monitors, and the terms "praepostor" and "monitor" are roughly equivalent to "prefect" and "sub-prefect" in many other English schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857670" title="Human rights in Colombia">
Human rights in Colombia

Colombia is a sovereign state situated in South America. It is a parliamentary democracy, has been a member of the United Nations since 5 November 1945, and is party to a variety of international agreements concerning human rights. It also has a series of domestic laws concerning the protection of human rights. However, Colombia’s human rights record often contradicts directly with the laws and agreements to which it is bound; Colombia is widely referred to as the country with the ‘worst human rights record in the western hemisphere’. In the UK Foreign Office annual human rights report for 2010, Colombia features as one of 20 ‘Countries of Concern’.
Colombia and The International Bill of Human Rights.
Two international treaties concerning human rights were established by the United Nations in 1966: the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights with its two Optional Protocols and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. These two treaties, together with the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR), make up the International Bill of Human Rights. Colombia signed both treaties in 1966, with their ratification being completed in October 1969.
Colombia and International Humanitarian Law.
In 1961, Colombia ratified the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 that form the basis of International Humanitarian Law and the two additional protocols of 1977 were ratified in 1993 and 1995 respectively. As of September 2011, Colombia had not signed up to the third additional protocol of 2005.
The Colombian Constitution.
As well as detailing the right of Colombian citizens to fundamental rights (e.g. right to life, equality before the law), the constitution mentions the right to economic, social and cultural rights (e.g. labour rights, right to education, rights for groups in need of special protection), as well as collective and environmental rights. It recognizes special rights for indigenous populations, it allows for citizens to take direct legal action against the state with a right to what is known as the "tutela", it creates the Constitutional Court, and it determines the existence of posts for human rights ombudsmen. The constitution of 1991 allows, in theory at least, for the human rights of Colombia’s citizens to be protected under national constitutional law.
Respect for Human Rights in Colombia.
Human Rights Defenders in Colombia.
As reported by the "National and International Campaign for the Right to Defend Human Rights", and as documented regularly in reports by leading human rights organisations, . In 2010, according to the Colombian based human rights organisation "Somos Defensores", at least 174 acts of aggression towards human rights defenders were committed. This included 32 murders and 109 death threats. As Human Rights First reports, attacks against human rights defenders include also ‘smear campaigns and break-ins, threatening and omnipresent surveillance, physical assaults, kidnapping, violence directed toward family members, and assassination attempts’.
The Colombian government has a special protection program that seeks to protect those under threat. The Colombian embassy in Washington states that the protection program ‘offers long-term services based on specific needs of vulnerable individuals and groups’. In spite of this, the figures for the first semester of 2011 showed an increase of 126% in acts of aggressions committed against human rights defenders from 2010. Paramilitary groups were held responsible in 59% of the cases, state security forces were held responsible for 10% and the guerrilla groups 2%. Colombian officials have also been widely implicated in stigmatising the work of human rights defenders, often making unfounded accusations linking them to guerrilla groups.
Justice for Colombia reports that between August 2010 and June 2011, there were 104 murders with direct ramifications for human rights concerns in Colombia. Those murdered included human rights defenders, trade unionists and community leaders. On average, according to these figures, one murder took place every three days. Human rights defenders find little protection in the Colombian justice system; 784 human rights defenders were threatened, attacked or murdered between 2002 and 2009, there has been a conviction in only 10 of these cases.
Labour Rights in Colombia.
"See also" "Trade unions in Colombia" is widely referred to as the most dangerous country in the world to be a trade unionist. The 2011 Annual Survey of Violation of Trade Union Rights published by the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) reports that 49 trade unionists were killed in Colombia in 2010, more than in the rest of the world put together. According to government figures, 37 unionists were murdered. Between January and August 2011, 19 trade unionists have been reported killed.
The ITUC reports that between 2000 and 2010 Colombia has accounted for 63.12% of trade unionists murdered globally. According to Human Rights Watch and Justice for Colombia, most of these murders are attributed to right-wing paramilitaries, whilst some are directly attributed to state forces. Amnesty International reported in 2007 that for cases in which the perpetrator was known, paramilitaries were responsible for 49% of the attacks against trade-unionists, state forces were responsible for 43%, and the guerrilla forces were responsible for 2%.
According to the National Labour School (ENS), a Colombian NGO monitoring trade union violence, impunity for crimes committed against trade unionists is running at 94%.
Trade union membership in Colombia has fallen dramatically since the 1980s. According to Justice for Colombia, a British NGO campaigning for human rights and an end to trade union violence in Colombia, this is due to a combination of factors: ‘Less than 5% of Colombian workers are members of trade unions – the lowest level in the Americas. Less than twenty years ago it was double that figure but violence against trade unionists, changes in the labour market and anti-trade union policies have led to a huge decrease in membership. Today only 850,000 Colombians are members of a trade union’. As demonstrated by figures from the ENS, such is the nature of the Colombian workforce, it is very difficult for the majority of Colombian workers to join a trade union: ‘of Colombia’s 18 million working people...11 million are working in the informal economy...Of the remaining 7 million people (who do have formal employment) only 4 million benefit from permanent employment contracts’.
Colombia has ratified 60 ILO conventions and the eight conventions on fundamental labour rights. However, Justice for Colombia reports that in 2011 Colombians are still working in ‘conditions so poor that they violate both ILO conventions and Colombian national law’. Up until 2010, Colombia had featured every year for 21 years on the ILO blacklist of countries to be investigated for non-compliance with conventions concerning labour rights.
Colombia’s removal from the ILO blacklist list in 2010 was cited by Colombian officials as a demonstration that respect for trade unions and for labour rights had improved in Colombia. However, the UK's Trade Union Congress (TUC) points out that in 2010 the ILO also made an agreement with the Colombian government to send a high level commission to visit the country in response to the continued violation of labour rights. Two of Colombia’s three major trade union centres, the CUT and the CTC, released a statement in 2010 in response to the decisions made by the ILO: ‘the acceptance of a High Level Tripartite Mission on the part of the Colombian government implies that the State accepts it has not complied with ILO requirements in a satisfactory way... at no point has ILO indicated that the issues of human rights and freedom of association have been solved’.
Legal Rights in Colombia.
Whilst the right to due process in all legal processes is a right decreed to Colombians in article 29 of the Colombian constitution, human rights observers regularly report failures to provide this and indeed other legal rights. The 2011 report from the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights for Colombia reports that ‘the prosecution and arbitrary detentions of human rights defenders on the basis of uncorroborated information provided mainly by informants, demobilized persons and military intelligence reports, continue to be of concern’. According to the respected Jesuit human rights defender, Padre Javier Giraldo, between August 2002 and August 2004 there were 6332 arbitrary detentions. in legal processes have been reported in cases concerning trade unionists, community activists, academics, and other groups and individuals who, whilst seeking the advancement of rights in their relevant spheres, may oppose certain elements of state policy. According to both Colombian and international organisations, the response from the state has often been in the form of illegal criminal proceedings. Such characteristics led Human Rights First, in a report looking into the prosecution process in cases brought against human rights defenders, to conclude that ‘corruption and failure to abide by national and international due process standards are endemic to the criminal justice system in Colombia’.
One example of organisations being persecuted illegally through the courts is that of ACVC, a grass-roots peasant farmer organisation focused on human rights issues in rural Colombia. Between 2007 and 2008 all six members of its executive committee were arrested on charges of rebellion. In April and May 2008 charges were dropped against all but two with the reviewing prosecutor stating that that the witnesses’ testimony was “based on no more than personal opinion and should have been verified forcefully by the investigative agencies”. The remaining two, in spite of being detained on the back of the same testimony, were forced to remain in jail. Miguel Gonzalez was released without charge in June 2009, one year and six months after he was originally arrested. Andres Gil was the last to be released; he was detained for almost two years with no conviction ever being made.
Political Rights in Colombia.
According to a Colombian group focused on solidarity with political prisoners, "Traspasa los Muros", there are 7,200 people being kept in jails across Colombia as a result of their political activities or beliefs. Justice for Colombia talks of ‘over 5,000’ political prisoners. The British MP Jim McGovern released a statement in 2010 in support of a campaign run by Justice for Colombia calling for the release of Colombia’s political prisoners: ‘These people are innocent men and women who have been imprisoned simply because they disagree with the Government or criticise Government policies. The Colombian authorities have to understand that jailing people in order to silence their opinions is completely unacceptable’.
According to the Colombian victims’ organisation MOVICE, these detentions are used to obstruct the activities carried out by those working to denounce human rights abuses whilst at the same time acting to delegitimise and criminalise their work. has a past and present history of politically motivated violence. Hernando Hernandez, an elected representative for Colombia’s indigenous, denounced that five members of his Democratic Pole party had been killed in the lead up to the 2011 elections. In August 2011, the senator and victims’ rights leader Ivan Cepeda revealed that he was informed of a murder plot being planned against him by two state security prison guards.
Between 1984 and 1994 Colombia suffered the genocide of a political party called the Patriotic Union (UP). The UP was born as a result of negotiations held in 1984 between the FARC, Colombia's oldest and largest guerrilla group, and the Colombian government that were to allow FARC members and supporters to follow an electoral path in order to advance their political objectives. By 1994, between 3,000 and 5,000 members were assassinated in a systematic campaign to wipe-out the party and its members. A Colombian human rights organisation dedicated to the search for justice for the victims of the UP calls the genocide ‘an alarming and representative case of a persecution of an opposition movement’. In August 2011, the Colombian state, recognising its responsibility, apologised for the 1994 assassination of the last UP senator, Manuel Cepeda Vargas. 
In 2006, a scandal was uncovered in Colombia which showed a program of espionage against perceived political opponents of the government had been in operation. The wiretapping of phones and emails of human rights defenders, judges, politicians and international human rights organisations was carried out by the state intelligence agency, the Department for Administrative Security (DAS). The 2011 report from the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights commented on the continuing developments in the scandal: ‘Investigations continued on former directors for illegal surveillance between 2005 and 2008. Statements by DAS senior personnel implicated former senior officials of the President’s office as beneficiaries of the illegally obtained information’.
Economic Rights in Colombia.
In its 2010 report, the UN Committee on Economic, Cultural and Social Rights expressed its concern at "the wide inequalities in the distribution of income in the State party in the context of poverty." It is particularly concerned that the taxation system is regressive and more favourable to persons from the highest income groups. While the Constitutional Court was commended by the report for establishing ‘criteria for determining the legal minimum wage, the right to fair remuneration and maintenance of purchasing power’, it also highlighted the extent of poverty in the country: according to UN figures, 46% of the population lives in poverty with 17.8% living in extreme poverty. In rural zones, extreme poverty is as high as 32.6%. The unequal land distribution and lack of agrarian reform was a further concern mentioned by the Committee. According to the UK pressure group ABColombia, 0.4% of landholders own 61% of the rural land in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="9857675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857675" title="Lost Kisses (1945 film)">
Lost Kisses (1945 film)

Lost Kisses () is a 1945 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and starring María Duval and 
Miguel Faust Rocha.

</doc>
<doc id="9857676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857676" title="Jagdish Swaminathan">
Jagdish Swaminathan

Jagdish Swaminathan commonly known as J. Swaminathan (June 21, 1928 – 1994) was a leading Indian artist, painter, poet and writer. He was a member of the Communist Party of India. He is one of the most influential artists of India, instrumental in establishment of the Bharat Bhawan, a muti-art complex in Bhopal, in 1982, and served as the director of its Roopankar art Museum till 1990. He discovered, Jangarh Singh Shyam, the first known modern-day Gond tribal artist of Madhya Pradesh state in India.
Biography.
J Swaminathan was born in Shimla on 21 June 1928. After schooling in Delhi, he joined a pre-medical course, but he left the course as well as his home when ran away to Kolkata, where he did some odd jobs to earn living. However he returned to Delhi and joined the Congress Socialist Party and also appointed sub-editor of a Hindi short story magazine, and subsequently as an editor of "Mazdoor Awaz" magazine, eventually joining the Communist Part of India in 1948. Meanwhile, he started taking evening classes at the Delhi Polytechnic, Kashmere Gate, where he trained under artists Sailoz Mukherjee and Bhabesh Chandra Sanyal. However his art study didn't last long as he couldn't manage the stress of working during the day, attending art classes in the evenings at the same time. In 1957, he joined the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw. Upon his return to India in 1960, he held his first major exhibition, displaying his graphic prints and oil paintings, along with artists P.K. Razadan and N. Dixit. By the 1960s, he had left journalism to take up art full-time.
J. Swaminathan was one of the co-founders of short-lived artists group "Group-1890" founded in Bhavnagar, Gujarat, in August 1962. Other 11 members of the group included Jeram Patel (1930), Rajesh Mehra, Ambadas Gade (1913), Ghulam Mohammed Sheikh (1937), Errik Bhoven (1929), Himmat Shah (1933) and Jyoti Bhatt (1934).
A major contribution by J. Swaminathan was that he helped Gond paintings, a type of tribal art of India. to gain international recognition. In 1981, Swaminathan discovered a young gond artist Jangarh Singh Shyam painting on the mud walls of his house, who became the first known modern Gond artist . Recognizing the potential of his talent, Swaminathan took him to the city and held painting exhibitions where Shyam’s paintings were exhibited. Soon, Shyam gained international recognition and his paintings were displayed in the art exhibitions of Japan, UK and US. He also played an important role in the formation of Bharat Bhawan, amuti art complex in Bhopal, established in 1982, and the collection of tribal art at its art museum.
He wrote that: "cultural experiences and activity in India is a multi-level phenomenon – and these levels are often mutually independent and non-interacting – it is the urban and the so-called modern sense of contemporarity that appears to dominate the scene and thus to distort the real perspective".
Likewise, Swaminathan pondered over the tribal culture and throughout his life he kept on addressing the people and tried to give the tribal expression a proper place in the global art and cultural fora. As an artist and a man of institutions he kept on guiding people from all walks of life who value culture and human endeavour in wider perspective.
In 2007, an Untitled work by him was auction at the Christie's for $312,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9857679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857679" title="Whiteflower">
Whiteflower

Whiteflower ("Biancofiore") was an informal name given to political alliance of two christian-democratic Italian parties for the 2001 general election, namely:
The parties later merged to form the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats.
The parties allied themselves with the center-right House of Freedoms. It was led by Pier Ferdinando Casini. The list gained only 3.2% of the vote, short of the 4% threshold however, thanks to its alliance with the House of Freedoms it gained 40 Deputies and 29 Senators. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857687" title="La Canción de Buenos Aires (1945 film)">
La Canción de Buenos Aires (1945 film)

La Canción de Buenos Aires is a 1945 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857693" title="La Casta Susana">
La Casta Susana

La Casta Susana is a 1944 Argentine film released on October 11, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9857694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857694" title="MagiQuest">
MagiQuest

MagiQuest is a live action role-playing game in which players take the role of magic users. Players, called Magi in the game, use an infra-red (IR) emitting wand to interact with objects. These objects are scattered throughout the location. By waving and pointing the wand at an object, referred to as "casting" in game, a player activates the object's action. For example, pointing a wand at a treasure chest will cause the chest to open and an amount of gold is added to player's account. At some locations there are also optional items available for purchase such as a key which unlocks secret areas or a compass which allows a player to go on additional quests. Completing certain compass quests unlocks more features such as a map showing the location of every object from the basic quests.
Locations.
The first MagiQuest opened in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina at noon on June 15, 2005. The opening celebration included live appearances by actors featured in the quests. Additional MagiQuest locations have subsequently opened in East Hanover, New Jersey; Pigeon Forge, Tennessee; and those located within Great Wolf Lodge indoor waterpark resorts in Charlotte, - Concord, North Carolina; Grand Mound, Washington; Grapevine, Texas; Kansas City, Kansas; Mason, Ohio; Pocono Mountains, Pennsylvania; Traverse City, Michigan; Williamsburg, Virginia;Niagara, Ontario, Canada and Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. On July 31, 2011, the newest MagiQuest location opened in Fun City at the Palisades Mall in West Nyack, New York. In Japan, locations include the Tokyo Dome and Lagunasia parks. In December 2011 - January 2012, the first Canadian MagiQuest opened in a Great Wolf Lodge in Niagara, ON.
The Myrtle Beach and Mall of America locations are owned by Creative Kingdoms (owner and developer of MagiQuest's technology and associated patents). Other locations are franchised.
Related games.
DinoQuest, a dinosaur themed interactive game based on the same patented technologies is located in Santa Ana, CA.
Announced at the IAAPA 2009 (International Association of Amusement Park and Attractions) trade show are plans for Creative Kingdoms (the parent company of MagiQuest) to create a spin-off company, 'AquaKingdoms' that will bring a new form of the technology used in MagiQuest to water based attractions. The first product of AquaKingdoms, SplashQuest, was introduced in prototype form to Schlitterbahn in New Braunfels, TX for the summer of 2009.
CompassQuest, a game very similar can be found in some of the same locations of Magiquest. It uses a compass instead of a wand and there is no boss battles like the Red Dragon. It was very recently introduced to many locations and may have more runes and activities developed over time.
In Fall 2013, a new quest called ShadowQuest, a more complex and harder version of MagiQuest began to appear at six of MagiQuest locations at Great Wolf Lodge. It will be added to the rest of the locations soon.
Gameplay.
The Ancient Book of Wisdom.
Players are provided with an "Ancient Book of Wisdom," a booklet containing useful information about the game such as hints and riddles to locate objects necessary to complete a quest, game directions, requirements for adventures (more advanced quests that require the use of certain spells obtained by completing quests), and a map of the location. Because there are different quests and adventures in different locations, the book's contents are unique to each location. The Book of Wisdom's ShadowQuest counterpart is the ShadowQuest Guide.
Wands.
The basic wand comes in multiple color variations and comes with an "orb" topper that has no effect on game play. Dragon wands were released in 2008 which give players in-game advantages against the dragons. All wands contain motion sensors and an infrared light-emitting diode (see Technology below), which transmits a unique code to in-game objects when the wand is "cast"—shaken and pointed at the object. While wands have multiple sensors and the ability to differentiate between types of motion, types of wand motion do not currently have any effect on game play. At the gift shop, you can buy your own wand, toppers, and decorations (like ribbons and stickers) for your wand.
All game-play is individual, but any person can wield a given wand at any time. No advantage is gained from having multiple wands in a group, unless players wish to compete against each other, for instance by seeing who can complete tasks more quickly.
Quests and adventures.
The objective of MagiQuest is to build and gain power by obtaining magic runes. These runes are awarded for completing certain tasks, using the wand to activate targets marked with a stylised Q. The runes available on Rune Quests are: Lightning, Enchant Creature, Music, Protection, Freeze, Distraction, Healing, Portal, Dazzle, Reveal, Ice Arrow, and Master Magi. While the Master Magi Rune does not grant any spells like the other Runes, earning it opens up new Rune Quests specifically for Master Magi. These Runes are the Fire, Shield, and Potion Runes. A Great Wolf Rune is also available at Great Wolf Lodge locations.
Also, outside of the kingdom of MagiQuest, a player can use his or her wand and the powers they have earned in the experience to duel each other for gold and experience points. At the Myrtle Beach location, Magi can also participate in "Garden Quest", a special rune that takes Magi around Broadway at the Beach, an outdoor shopping mall in Myrtle Beach where the MagiQuest is located.
MagiQuest Online.
MagiQuest Online (MQ Online) is an online version of the game. Created by Cyan Worlds, the creators of Myst, the game runs on the same engine used in Cyan's own online game, . Currently only available for Microsoft Windows, MQ Online may be downloaded from the MagiQuest website. MQ Online is sold in chapters; as of September 2011, only the first chapter is available. While the game has a free trial mode, each "chapter" must be purchased individually per player account. Players who complete chapter one online may access an additional quest, the silver dragon, at some MagiQuest locations.
On Oct. 01, 2012, Creative Kingdoms have decided to discontinue MagiQuest Online on December 31, 2012.
Technology of MagiQuest.
The MagiQuest wand is a battery-powered infrared (IR) remote control device with an LED at the tip. Motion sensors (a spring sensor and a ball-and-tube sensor) inside the wand detect movement and cause the LED to emit a brief series of flashes which is unique to that wand. (These flashes can be seen by pointing the wand at the lens of any digital video camera in a dark room). The wand's range is several meters. There is no on/off switch; when the wand is left motionless, the circuit is not energized, saving battery power.
The Compass Quest compass is a plastic housing containing an embedded RFID device (an unpowered microchip and antenna circuit.) No battery is required. Like the wand, every compass has a unique numeric code; this is transmitted when the compass is placed within range of a detector, approximately 1-2 centimeters (about 1 inch).
No information is stored in either the wand or the compass. The player's name, birthdate, and nickname are associated with the wand and/or compass ID number at the time of purchase. The exact names and date given are irrelevant. This association is stored in a central online database server, and can be transferred to a new wand if the original one is lost. The server tracks the current status (runes and gold acquired, current quest, etc.) of every player in the system.
The physical topography consists of a large set of objects throughout the hotel/mall/park complex with embedded IR sensors, plus a set of RFID panels shaped like the outline of the compass. Game objects can include pictures on the walls, statues, ceiling tiles, animatronic chests, and video kiosks and projection rooms. Most stations have lights and audio prompts which play briefly on activation and shut off automatically, but kiosks and projection rooms additionally contain touchscreen video displays which allow the player to interact with the system for a short session; no login is required other than the presence of the wand or compass.
Game play typically consists of using a kiosk to receive instructions for a quest or adventure, then finding and activating a series of game objects. The requirements for the initial quests are printed in an instruction booklet supplied with the wand, but some quests must be received from the kiosks and committed to memory. Informational kiosks throughout the complex can be used to find out what parts of the current quest have been completed and what is left to do, but these omit certain clues to the locations of the objects.
The database is nationwide. The player's status (current quest, number of gold pieces, etc.) for every location can be queried from any informational kiosk in the network. Within a complex, it is updated continuously—for instance, after activating one object, a time limit (e.g. 30 seconds) may be given to find and activate the next object in the series, and if the limit is exceeded by even a few seconds, the next object will instruct the player to return to the previous station.
Content creation.
Blackmore's Night.
The band Blackmore's Night performs some of the music for MagiQuest. Candice Night, the band's vocalist, plays the role of Princess Candice. She also plays the role of Princess Amora, who is seen only at Great Wolf Lodge locations.
Wand accessories.
There are several different replacement "orbs", known as "toppers", available for purchase. There is also a rune keeper on which to keep purchased rune replicas. The orb toppers relate to the specific clans that the player can join. While the toppers relate to the clans, the player or Magi, can choose any topper s/he wishes. The Clans are:
Toppers, Powers, and Recharge Requirements (A list of these can also be found while creating a new wand):
You can choose your clan and choose a topper and decorations that correspond with the clan that you chose.

</doc>
<doc id="9857700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857700" title="El Canto del cisne">
El Canto del cisne

El Canto del cisne is a 1945 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857705" title="Eww">
Eww


</doc>
<doc id="9857707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857707" title="Cuando en el cielo pasen lista">
Cuando en el cielo pasen lista

Cuando en el cielo pasen lista is a 1945 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9857710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857710" title="Mwingi">
Mwingi

Mwingi is a town in the Kitui County of Kenya. It has an urban population of 15,970 (2009 census). The town is located along the A3 Road between Nairobi and Garissa, 47 kilometres north of its county capital Kitui, and 200 kilometres east of the capital city of Nairobi.

</doc>
<doc id="9857712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857712" title="The Phantom Lady (film)">
The Phantom Lady (film)

The Phantom Lady (Spanish:La Dama duende) is a 1945 Argentine film based on a seventeenth-century comedy with the same name by Pedro Calderón de la Barca, translated as "The Phantom Lady". However, the film alters the play considerably - the plot is heavily rewritten, and the style of dialogue is completely changed. Calderon's comedy is written in verse, while the screenplay of the film is in prose and contains scenes not found in the play. The final scene includes a fierce storm from which the hero rescues the heroine and declares his love for her, a scene added to the film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857716" title="Despertar a la vida">
Despertar a la vida

Despertar a la vida is a 1945 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9857720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857720" title="Donald Wailan-Walalangi">
Donald Wailan-Walalangi

Donald Wailan-Walalangi (born April 14, 1960) is a retired tennis player from Indonesia, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he lost in the first round of the men's doubles competition to USA's eventual gold medalists Ken Flach and Robert Seguso, while partnering Suharyadi Suharyadi.

</doc>
<doc id="9857721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857721" title="The Sunflower">
The Sunflower

The Sunflower () was an electoral alliance of two Italian centre-left parties for the 2001 Italian general election, namely:
The Sunflower was founded to benefit from the proportional list voting system employed in the election; however, the member parties received too few votes to benefit from their alliance. They did manage to enter parliament via its participation on the Olive Tree list, however, so the electoral alliance was disbanded soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="9857722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857722" title="Peloponnese (region)">
Peloponnese (region)

The Peloponnese region (), is a region in southern Greece. It borders the West Greece region to the north and Attica to the north-east. The region has an area of about 15,490 km². It covers most of the Peloponnese peninsula, except for the northwestern subregions of Achaea and Elis which belong to West Greece and a small portion of the Argolid peninsula that is part of Attica.
Administration.
The Peloponnese region was established in the 1987 administrative reform. With the 2010 Kallikratis plan, its powers and authority were redefined and extended. Along with the West Greece and the Ionian Islands regions, it is supervised by the Decentralized Administration of the Peloponnese, Western Greece and the Ionian Islands based at Patras. The region is based at Tripoli and is divided into five regional units (pre-Kallikratis prefectures), Arcadia, Argolis, Corinthia, Laconia and Messenia, which are further subdivided into 26 municipalities. The largest city of the region is Kalamata.
The region's governor is, since 1 January 2011, Petros Tatoulis, who was elected in the November 2010 local administration elections for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="9857723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857723" title="Dos ángeles y un pecador">
Dos ángeles y un pecador

Dos ángeles y un pecador is a 1945 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857733" title="Rigoberto">
Rigoberto

Rigoberto is a 1945 Argentine comedy film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857741" title="Antonio M. Fernández">
Antonio M. Fernández

Antonio Manuel Fernández (January 17, 1902 – November 7, 1956) was a United States Representative from New Mexico. He was born in Springer, New Mexico where he attended the public schools, and Highlands University, Las Vegas, New Mexico. He received law training at Cumberland University, Lebanon, Tennessee and was a court reporter for the eighth judicial district of New Mexico 1925 – 1930. Later, he was admitted to the bar in 1931 and commenced practice in Raton, New Mexico. He was the assistant district attorney of the eighth judicial district in 1933 and practiced law in Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1934.
Fernández served in the New Mexico House of Representatives in 1935. He was the chief tax attorney for the New Mexico Tax Commission in 1935 and 1936 and the first assistant attorney general 1937 – 1941. He was a member of the first New Mexico Public Service Commission in 1941 and 1942 and was elected as a Democrat to the 78th and to the six succeeding Congresses and served from January 3, 1943 until his death. Fernández was the chairman, Committee on Memorials (Seventy-ninth Congress). He died after he had been reelected to the 85th congress in Albuquerque, New Mexico on November 7, 1956 and was buried in Rosario Catholic Cemetery, Santa Fe, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9857742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857742" title="Camino del infierno">
Camino del infierno

Camino del infierno is a 1946 Argentinian film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857750" title="Chiruca">
Chiruca

Chiruca is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857753" title="Shahriar Mandanipour">
Shahriar Mandanipour

Shahriar Mandanipour (born February 15, 1957, Shiraz, Iran) is a novelist and essayist in modern Persian literature.
Mandanipour was born and raised in Shiraz. In 1975 he moved to Tehran and studied Political Sciences at Tehran University, graduating in 1980. In 1981, he enlisted in the army for his military service. To experience war and to write about it, he volunteered to join the front during the Iran-Iraq war and served there as an officer for eighteen months.
Following his military service, Mandanipour returned to Shiraz where he worked as director of the Hafiz Research Center and director of the National Library of Fars. In 1998, he became chief editor of "Asr-e Panjshanbeh" (Thursday Evening), a monthly literary journal. 
In 2006, Mandanipour traveled to the United States as an International Writers Project Fellow at Brown University. In 2007 and 2008 he was a writer in residence at Harvard University and in 2009 at Boston College. In September 2011, Mandanipour returned to Brown University as a visiting professor of literary arts where he currently teaches contemporary Iranian literature and modern Iranian cinema.
Works.
Mandanipour started writing at the age of fourteen and published his first short story, Shadows of the Cave, in 1985 in the literary journal Mofid Magazine. In 1989, his first collection of short stories was published under the same title.
Regarded as one of the most accomplished and promising writers of contemporary Iranian literature, Mandanipour’s creative approach to the use of symbols and metaphors, his inventive experimentation with language, time and space, as well as his unique awareness of sequence and identity have made his work fascinating to critics and readers alike. In his stories, Mandanipour creates his own unique surreal world in which illusion seems as real as terrifying reality. The nightmares and realisms of his stories are rooted in the historical horrors and sufferings of the people of Iran.
At the outset, Mandanipour’s stories are enigmatic, yet they jolt awake the reader’s imagination and provoke him to peel away the intricately woven and fused layers in which past and present, and tradition and modernity collide. His characters do not conform to conventional molds. Traditional identities are blurred as the lines between right and wrong, friend and foe, sanity and insanity become fluid. Often driven by the most basic human instincts of fear, survival and loneliness, Mandanipour’s characters struggle in a world of contradictions and ambiguities and grapple with self-identity, social dilemmas, and everyday life.
In a collection of essays on creative writing, "The Book of Shahrzad’s Ghosts" ("Ketab-e Arvāh-e Shahrzād"), Mandanipour discusses the elements of the story and the novel, as well as his theories on the nature of literature and the secrets of fiction. He writes, “Literature is the alchemy of transforming reality into words and creating a new phenomenon called fictional reality.”
His novel "The Courage of Love" ("Del-e Del Dadegi"), published in 1998, is structured around a love quadrangle with the four main characters representing earth, fire, water, and wind. Events in the novel take place during two different periods of war and earthquake. By placing the two timeframes laterally, like mirrors facing each other, Mandanipour compares the devastation, savagery, futility, and the dark consequences of war and earthquake. In the novel, Mandanipour employs stream of consciousness. Numerous critics, including Houshang Golshiri, have regarded the 900-page work of fiction as a masterpiece of contemporary Iranian literature.
In 2009, Mandanipour published "Censoring an Iranian Love Story", his first novel to be translated into English. Ostensibly a tale of romance, the book delves deeply into themes of censorship as the author struggles, in the text, with writing a love story that he’ll be able to get past Iran’s Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance’s Office of Censorship. The novel is not only a love story, but it is also a story about the love of writing and an account of life in post-Islamic Revolution Iran.
In the novel two narratives are intertwined. In one, we read of the difficulties, fears and trepidations that surround the meeting of a young couple in modern day Iran at a time when gender separation is forcefully imposed on society. Scene by scene we become more familiar with the struggles they face in preserving their love and the creative schemes they contrive to lessen the risk of discovery and arrest. In a parallel storyline, Mandanipour enters as his own alter ego and takes us along as he composes each sentence and scene, revealing his frustrations and his methods of battling against censorship. The sentences that the writer self-censors appear as strikethroughs in the text. The writer’s comical efforts at surmounting censorship and advancing his story, in fact resemble the struggles of the young lovers to preserve their love.
Translated into English by Sara Khalili, "Censoring an Iranian Love Story" was well received by critics worldwide. The New Yorker named it one of the Reviewers’ favorites from 2009, and National Public Radio listed it as one of The Best Debut Fictions of 2009.
In his review for "The New Yorker", James Wood wrote, “Mandanipour’s writing is exuberant, bonhomous, clever, profuse with puns and literary-political references." For "The New York Times", Michiko Kakutani wrote, “Some of Mr. Mandanipour’s efforts to inject his story with surreal, postmodern elements feel distinctly strained (the intermittent appearances of a hunchbacked midget, in particular, are annoyingly gratuitous and contrived), but he’s managed, by the end of the book, to build a clever Rubik’s Cube of a story, while at the same time giving readers a haunting portrait of life in the Islamic Republic of Iran: arduous, demoralizing and constricted even before the brutalities of the current crackdown.” And writing in the Los Angeles Times, Susan Salter Reynolds commented, “Censorship, seen as its own art form, is just another way of messing with reality. It’s hard enough to generate one’s own ideas without having someone else’s superimposed over them, but the fictional Mandanipour tries … He writes a love story that is convincingly, achingly impossible in a place where men and women cannot even look at each other in public. The effect (as every good Victorian understood) is deliriously sensual prose.”
Awards.
In 1994, Mandanipour was named Best Film Critique at the Press Festival in Tehran. In 1998, he received the Golden Tablet Award for best fiction of the past 20 years in Iran. In 2004, he won the Mehregan Award for the best Iranian children’s novel. In 2010, he was awarded The Athens Prize for Literature for his novel "Censoring an Iranian Love Story".
Bibliography.
Published in Iran (in Persian):
Short stories in translation published in literary journals:
Several short stories have also been translated into French, German, Kurdish, and Arabic.
Short stories in translation published in anthologies:
Essays:'"

</doc>
<doc id="9857754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857754" title="Marie Tehan">
Marie Tehan

Marie Therese O'Brien Tehan (19 June 1940, Melbourne, Victoria – 31 October 2004, Nagambie, Victoria) was an Australian parliamentarian and lawyer.
A member of the Liberal Party, Marie Tehan served in both Houses of the Victorian Parliament. She was the member for Central Highlands in the Legislative Council from 1987 to 1992 and for Seymour in the Legislative Assembly from 1992 to 1999. As a minister in the Kennett Liberal Government she held the portfolios of Minister for Health from 1992 to 1996 and Minister for Conservation and Land Management from 1996 to 1999.
Educated at Sacre Coeur convent school, Glen Iris, Melbourne and at the University of Melbourne, Marie O'Brien qualified as a lawyer. She married James "Jim" Tehan in 1963 and settled in regional Victoria. They had six children. Her son, Dan Tehan, is the current federal member for Wannon, elected in the 2010 federal election.
She established her own legal practice in Mansfield, Victoria in 1970.
She was elected to the Victorian Parliament in 1987 and retired from Parliament in 1999. She died at Nagambie after a short illness on 31 October 2004, aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="9857757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857757" title="Deshojando margaritas">
Deshojando margaritas

Deshojando margaritas is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857760" title="Donde mueren las palabras">
Donde mueren las palabras

Donde mueren las palabras is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857764" title="El Diablo andaba en los choclos">
El Diablo andaba en los choclos

El Diablo andaba en los choclos is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857766" title="Celos (film)">
Celos (film)

Celos is a 1946 Argentine drama film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Pedro López Lagar and Zully Moreno. It won four Silver Condor awards, including Best Film, Best Director (Mario Soffici), Best Actor (Pedro López Lagar) and Best Original Screenplay (Tulio Demicheli), given by the Argentine Film Critics Association in 1947 for the best films and performances of the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="9857768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857768" title="Rosa de América">
Rosa de América

Rosa de América is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857773" title="Viaje sin regreso">
Viaje sin regreso

Viaje sin regreso is a 1946 Argentine black-and-white film written by Hugo Mac Dougall and directed by Pierre Chenal.

</doc>
<doc id="9857779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857779" title="El Gran amor de Bécquer">
El Gran amor de Bécquer

El Gran amor de Bécquer is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857782" title="Santa Bárbara bendita">
Santa Bárbara bendita

Santa Bárbara (also known as Nel Pozu Maria Luisa and Santa Bárbara Bendita) is a traditional song of the Asturian coal miners.
The song.
The deeply emotional lyrics and the sorrowful and heroic score, usually sung a cappella by a male choir, turned the song into a symbol of Asturian coal mining and of mining in general. Sometimes used as a working class anthem, the hymn was widely used during the Asturian miners uprising of 1934 and during the Spanish Civil War.
The lyrics (usually sung in Asturian, Spanish or a mixture between both languages) describe the painful returning home of a miner, covered in the blood of his fellow miners, who tells his wife ("Maruxina") of a mining accident in the famous Asturian mine known as "Pozu Maria Luisa" (located in Ciañu, Langreo). 
Coal mining, which is present in Asturias since the 18th century having a pivotal role in the historical economic activity of the region, is known as a very dangerous activity. Historically, hundreds of miners have died in the mines of Asturias and deadly mining accidents were sadly common in the miner population.
Santa Bárbara is nowadays considered to be an important piece of Asturian traditional music and is included prominently in the Asturian folk music repertoire. The song is also often used in funerals, tributes and memorials.

</doc>
<doc id="9857786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857786" title="Gábor Köves">
Gábor Köves

Gábor Köves (born 7 January 1970 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian Olympian tennis player. Seoul gold medalists Ken Flach and Robert Seguso stopped him and partner László Markovits in the second round in the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9857792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857792" title="La Honra de los hombres">
La Honra de los hombres

La Honra de los hombres is a 1946 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857802" title="Nyamira">
Nyamira

Nyamira is a town in Kenya. It's the capital of its Nyamira County. It has an urban population of around 10.000 (1999 census)[http://treasury.go.ke/cbs.go.ke/pdf/authority.pdf].
The main government hospital is Nyamira District Hospital with a bed capacity of 203.

</doc>
<doc id="9857811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857811" title="Sam Cookson (English footballer)">
Sam Cookson (English footballer)

Sam Cookson (born 1896, date of death 1955) was an English footballer who played in the right full back position.
Early life.
Sam Cookson was born in Manchester in 1896. He began his footballing career playing for Stalybridge Celtic. During weekdays Cookson was a miner and worked down a pit. At the weekends he played football 'purely for enjoyment'. The mine work endowed Cookson with a powerful physique 'which sometimes proved deceptive to opposition forwards'. He subsequently played for Macclesfield Town before joining Manchester City.
Manchester City.
In 1919 he signed for Manchester City whom he would play for until 1927, making 285 appearances for the team in the League and 306 appearances overall. His only goal for the Manchester team came in a 3–3 draw with Corinthian in the 1925–1926 FA Cup. Cookson is often described as one of the best uncapped full backs of his generation. He formed a long-lasting defensive partnership with Eli Fletcher at City. His first team debut occurred in a 1–0 win over Bradford City in December 1919. Tommy Browell scored City's only goal in that game. That season City finished seventh in the first division with 45 points.
In the 1920–21 football season, Cookson made 42 appearances for Manchester City who came second in the league, 5 points behind champions Burnley, which was City's highest position in the league since the 1903–04 football season when City had a team which included Billie Gillespie, Frank Booth and Billy Meredith. Interestingly, the following season, the 1921–22 football season, Billy Meredith returned to Manchester City and played alongside Cookson on the right side of the City team. Cookson made 39 league appearances for Manchester City that season and City finished tenth in the league with 45 points.
In the 1922–23 football season the City team was further enhanced by the acquisition of Frank Roberts from Bolton Wanderers. He joined a City attack which also included Horace Barnes and Tommy Johnson. The team finished eighth in the league, again with 45 points. In the 1923–24 football season Manchester City moved to a new ground, Maine Road, and Horace Barnes scored the first goal at the new stadium in a 2–1 victory against Sheffield United on the opening day of the season. The team ultimately finished eleventh in the league on 42 points. Cookson played in all of City's 8 games in the FA Cup that season. The team were ultimately defeated in the semi final by Newcastle United by two goals to nil.
In the following season City's defence was enhanced by the acquisition of Sam Cowan from Doncaster Rovers. Cookson made 37 appearances for City that season and the team finished in tenth place with 43 points. In the 1925–26 football season, Cookson was part of the Manchester City team which were relegated to the second division. Cookson would never appear in the first division again. Cookson also played for City in the FA Cup Final that season against Bolton Wanderers, but finished on the losing side. England international David Jack scored the only goal of the game. In the 1926–27 football season, City finished third in the second division, 8 points behind winners Middlesbrough. His final appearance for the Manchester club came in the 1927–28 football season in which the team won promotion to the first division.
Later career.
Cookson subsequently played for Barnsley, whom City purchased Eric Brook and Fred Tilson from. Despite a long and distinguished career, the only honour that Cookson won was gained at the age of 39, a Third Division North title with Barnsley. His brother Jimmy also played for Manchester City, where he did not make the first team, and later played for Chesterfield and West Bromwich Albion.
Legacy.
Cookson is regarded as one of Manchester City's greatest ever players. In 1977 the Manchester City Council named eleven streets in a new estate in Moss Side after famous City players including Cookson, Frank Swift, Fred Tilson, Sam Cowan, Horace Barnes, Max Woosnam, Tommy Browell, Jimmy McMullan, Eric Brook, Billy Meredith and Tommy Johnson. He is listed as the forty-ninth greatest ever City player in Ian Penney's book "The Essential History of Manchester City".

</doc>
<doc id="9857815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857815" title="Buenos Aires canta">
Buenos Aires canta

Buenos Aires canta is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857821" title="Danced">
Danced

"Danced (Live)" is the fifth UK single from the post-punk band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox. Their first and only live single, it was released at the end of 1980.
All tracks from the single were recorded by ATV, for inclusion in a television documentary, and most of this concert found its way onto the album "Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!" that month, including "Danced". The two B-sides from the single, however, were left off the album and for years were only available here. They were later included on the 2005 compilation album "The Safari Singles Collection Part 1: 1979-1981", and on the 2006 re-issue of Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!.
Tracklisting.
7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 32
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs.
Both sides ran at 45 RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9857823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857823" title="La Caraba">
La Caraba

La Caraba is a 1947 Argentine film.
76 min B&W
Directed by: Julio Saraceni
Script: Emilio Villalba Welsh y Alejandro Verbitsky after Pedro Muñoz Seca
Premier: March 18 1948
Studio: Emelco
Cast:
Olinda Bozán
Francisco Alvarez
Armando Bó
Lidia Denis
Enrique Roldán
Perla Mux
Ángel Walk
Arturo Arcari
Arsenio Perdiguero
Mavi Correa
María Esther Corán
Mario Baroffio
R. A. Laborde
Photography: Gumer Barreiros y Antonio Prieto (II)
Montaje: José Cañizares
Music: Gregory Stone
Stage: Germen Gelpi

</doc>
<doc id="9857830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857830" title="Con el diablo en el cuerpo">
Con el diablo en el cuerpo

Con el diablo en el cuerpo is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Susana Freyre, Juan Carlos Thorry and Tito Gómez. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857835" title="Corazón (1947 film)">
Corazón (1947 film)

Corazón is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Narciso Ibáñez Menta.

</doc>
<doc id="9857841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857841" title="Cumbres de hidalguía">
Cumbres de hidalguía

Cumbres de hidalguía is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Julio Saraceni and the story was written by Luis Olivo Gallo. It was recorded in black and white and mono.
Cast.
The film stars Roberto Airald, Manuel Alcón, Roberto Bordoni, Alba Castellanos, Cirilo Etulain, Hugo Ferrer, Jacinto Herrera, Ricardo Passano hijo, Carlos Perelli, Joaquín Petrocino, Malisa Zini, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="9857844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857844" title="Sultan Qaboos Cup">
Sultan Qaboos Cup

The Sultan Qaboos Cup () also known as the HM's Cup is Oman's premier knockout tournament in men's football. It was officially created in 1972 and the champions of that edition were Al-Ahli. Currently the most successful team in the league is Fanja SC with a total of nine titles to their name.
Championship History.
Cities.
The following table lists the Oman Professional League champions by cities.

</doc>
<doc id="9857845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857845" title="El retrato">
El retrato

El Retrato is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857847" title="Vacaciones">
Vacaciones

Vacaciones is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857849" title="Bruce Derlin">
Bruce Derlin

Bruce Phillip Derlin (born 28 November 1961 in Sydney, Australia) is a retired tennis player from New Zealand.
Derlin represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There the left-hander lost in the second round of the men's doubles competition to Australia's Darren Cahill and John Fitzgerald, while partnering Kelly Evernden.

</doc>
<doc id="9857851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857851" title="Los Verdes paraísos">
Los Verdes paraísos

Los Verdes paraísos is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857853" title="Romance musical">
Romance musical

Romance musical is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857856" title="El Hombre del sábado">
El Hombre del sábado

El Hombre del sábado is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857862" title="El Hombre que amé">
El Hombre que amé

El Hombre que amé is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857875" title="Los Hijos del otro">
Los Hijos del otro

Los Hijos del otro is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857876" title="El Que recibe las bofetadas">
El Que recibe las bofetadas

El que recibe las bofetadas is a 1947 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857879" title="Estrellita">
Estrellita

Estrellita is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9857884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857884" title="Thomas Holte">
Thomas Holte

Sir Thomas Holte, 1st Baronet (c. 1571 – 14 December 1654) was the original owner of Aston Hall (a Jacobean country house in Birmingham), the man after whom the Holte End stand of Villa Park is named, and the possessor of quite a legendary temper.
He was born the son of Edward and Dorothy Holte of the Manor House, Duddeston, Warwickshire. The Holtes were a wealthy, land-owning family of some importance in Warwickshire. Their ancestors had owned land in the area for several hundred years and it had been considerably added to with the acquisition of monastic land during the Reformation. The Holtes served as High Sheriff of Warwickshire, Justices of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenants for the county. They had influential friends and relatives both locally and in London. His father died when Thomas was only 21, and as his successor Thomas did much to further the family fortunes.
In 1599 he himself served as High Sheriff of Warwickshire. He received a knighthood in 1603 from James I as the King made his way from Scotland to London to claim his throne. In 1612 Sir Thomas was able to buy the title of baronet (James I sold these new titles in order to raise money to quell trouble in Ireland). Sir Thomas now outranked all the local families and felt a grander home should be built to reflect both his wealth and status. The result of this desire was Aston Hall which he started building in 1618 and moved into in 1631. In 1643, during the English Civil War, he defended the hall against 1200 Roundhead soldiers, enabling King Charles, his guest at the time, to escape to safety. 
He married as his first wife Grace, daughter and co-heiress of William Bradbourne of Hough, Derbyshire, with whom he had fifteen children, most of whom died young. Sir Thomas made use of his connections to secure his second son, Edward, a position in King Charles I's household. Whilst in London, Edward met and married Elizabeth King, daughter of John King, the incumbent Bishop of London. Unfortunately, Sir Thomas did not give his permission for the marriage, and never forgave his son for proceeding with the wedding regardless. Edward was entirely cut out from his inheritance, and despite pleas from the King himself, Sir Thomas never allowed reconciliation. After the death of the eldest son George in 1641, Edward was Sir Thomas' only remaining son. Sir Thomas re-married in short order Anne, the youngest daughter of Sir Edward Littleton of Pillaton Hall, and made great efforts to raise another son, so that Edward could be permanently cut out of the estate. Edward died on military service in 1643, having never returned to the family fold despite his several attempts. It was rumoured Sir Thomas locked up a daughter because she refused to marry her father's choice of husband. The story goes that she starved to death.
Sir Thomas' second wife was able to give him another son, but the boy did not survive past childhood, in common with nine of the children from Sir Thomas' first marriage. During his last days he was finally persuaded to leave Aston Hall and all his estates to Edwards's son Robert, his grandson, who would inherit the baronetcy. Sir Thomas was buried in Aston Church, survived only by his wife and his daughter Grace, who married firstly Sir Richard Shuckburgh, and secondly John Keating, Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas. Her son by her first marriage, Sir John Shuckburgh, was the first of the Shuckburgh baronets

</doc>
<doc id="9857885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857885" title="Loveniidae">
Loveniidae

Loveniidae is a family of heart urchins in the order Spatangoida.

</doc>
<doc id="9857887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857887" title="Greg Townsend">
Greg Townsend

Gregory Townsend Sr. (born November 3, 1961 in Los Angeles, California), is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Raiders in the fourth round of the 1983 NFL Draft.
Townsend also played for the Philadelphia Eagles.
College career.
He played college football at Texas Christian.
Professional career.
Los Angeles Raiders.
Townsend was drafted by the Los Angeles Raiders in the fourth round of the 1983 NFL Draft. He was selected to 2 Pro Bowls, and he was a 4-time All-Pro selection. He won a Super Bowl ring with the Raiders in 1984.
Philadelphia Eagles.
In 1994, he signed with the Eagles. He recorded 2 sacks during his lone season in Philadelphia.
Oakland Raiders.
In 1997, he returned to the Raiders and played for the team that drafted him.
Legacy.
Townsend is currently 16th on the NFL's all-time list for career sacks with 109.5. He also recovered 8 fumbles and returned three of them for touchdowns.
Personal.
His son, Greg Townsend, Jr., is currently a defensive end at USC.
In 2012, Townsend partnered with Celebrity Publishing to release his memoir entitled "All Time."

</doc>
<doc id="9857888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857888" title="El Barco sale a las diez">
El Barco sale a las diez

El Barco sale a las diez is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857891" title="Temple Emanu-El (Dallas)">
Temple Emanu-El (Dallas)

Temple Emanu-El of Dallas, Texas (founded in 1875) was the first Reform Jewish congregation in North Texas, and is the largest synagogue in the South.
History.
Temple Emanu-El of Dallas was founded in 1873 and chartered in 1875. Originally called the Jewish Congregation Emanu-El, it was renamed Temple Emanu-El Congregation in 1974. The small but growing Jewish community felt the need for a permanent religious structure as well as for a rabbi to conduct services and to offer religious education for children, several families formed Congregation Emanu-El. They elected David Goslin president; Philip Sanger vice president; Emanuel Tillman treasurer; H. Regensburger secretary; and Alexander Sanger, August Israelsky, and Henry Loeb trustees. The next year they built a small red brick temple in the Byzantine style at Commerce and Church (now Field) streets in downtown Dallas. The congregation engaged its first rabbi, Aaron Suhler, in 1875 and joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1906. In 1957 the temple moved to its present location in north Dallas. Architects Howard R. Meyer and Max M. Sandfield, with noted California architect William Wurster as consultant, received an Award of Merit from the American Institute of Architects for the design of the present structure, which was enhanced by art coordinator György Kepes of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Notable rabbis at the temple were David Lefkowitz (1920–49) and Levi A. Olan (1949–72). [http://www.tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/TT/ijt1.html]
Locations.
Temple Emanu-El has had four locations in its history: 
Core values.
According to Temple Emanu-El's website, "Temple Emanu-El is a vibrant Reform Jewish community that strives to be a place of sacred encounter. It is a place where learning, prayer and deeds change people's understanding of themselves, of their world and their responsibilities in it." [http://www.tedallas.org/]
Clergy.
The current members of the Temple Emanu-El Clergy are:
Past Temple Emanu-El Senior Rabbis include:
Past Assistant and Associate Rabbis and Cantors include:
Past Educators Include
Music.
Temple Emanu-El is nationally renowned for its music programs. Samuel Adler created many of the Temple's early musical offerings including their extensive volunteer adult and children's choirs. Simon Sargon expanded the choir's influence and created programs such as the Showcase Series (showcasing jazz, classical, and pops musicians).

</doc>
<doc id="9857892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857892" title="Crimen entre bastidores">
Crimen entre bastidores

Crimen entre bastidores is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857894" title="La Calle grita">
La Calle grita

La Calle grita is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857895" title="Cuidado con las imitaciones">
Cuidado con las imitaciones

Cuidado con las imitaciones is a 1948 Argentine film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera.

</doc>
<doc id="9857898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857898" title="God Reward You">
God Reward You

God Reward You ("Dios se lo pague") is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Arturo de Córdova and Zully Moreno. It won the Silver Condor Award for Best Film, given by the Argentine Film Critics Association in 1949 for the best picture of the previous year.
1981 telenovela.
In 1981 ATC ("Argentina Televisora Color") broadcast the telenovela "Dios se lo pague" adapted by Vicente Sesso and directed by Alberto Rinaldi. The telenovela was starred by Víctor Hugo Vieyra, Leonor Benedetto, Federico Luppi, Gloria Antier, Susy Kent, Gianni Lunadei and Juan Peña.

</doc>
<doc id="9857900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857900" title="Jules James">
Jules James

Jules James, (1885 – March 12, 1957), was a career U.S. Naval officer. During World War II he commanded U.S. Naval forces in Bermuda and then later oversaw the construction of a large number of U.S. Navy ships while commanding the Sixth Naval District.
Career.
Jules James graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1910 and was commissioned an ensign in the U.S. Navy. One of his early assignments was as a White House naval aide to President Woodrow Wilson from 1912 to 1913. The following year James had his first taste of combat, serving on the USS Florida during the Battle of Veracruz. Lieutenant Commander James served as Executive Officer aboard the USS Rochester (CA-2) during World War I as the ship escorted convoys to and from Europe. For his actions Jules was given a special letter of commendation. Later, during the 70th U.S. Congress, special dispensation allowed James to accept the French Legion of Honour for his World War I service.
In 1921 LCDR James and was present at one of the key changing moments in naval history. United States Army General Billy Mitchell, an outspoken advocate for air power, led a series of tests off the Virginia coast in which the ex-German battleship "SMS Ostfriesland" and other ships were sunk by bomber aircraft. James served as Chief Censor, given responsibility for censoring what information about the tests were released to the news media. After a tour aboad the "USS Columbia" in 1922, James served as Assistant Naval Attache to the American embassies in France, Spain, and Portugal from 1923 to 1926.
At times between 1926 and 1934 James was navigator on the ; commanded the , with which he participated in the Yangtze River patrol; served as naval aide for the Governor-General of the Philippines; attended the Naval War College; and commanded the Destroyer Division 6, Battle Force, U.S. Fleet. In 1933 James was head of the Department of Ordnance and Gunnery at the U.S. Naval Academy. In 1937 he directed the fitting out of the light cruiser , which he then commanded until mid-1939. From 1939 to 1941, he served as assistant director, and briefly acting director, of the Office of Naval Intelligence. In 1941 he became commander of the newly acquired U.S. Naval Operating Base on Bermuda, where he also commanded the combined U.S. and British local defense forces.
From May, 1943 to September, 1945 Admiral James commanded the Sixth Naval District, headquartered at Charleston Navy Yard, Charleston, South Carolina. In 1945 Admiral James received his final assignment, commander of U.S. Naval Forces in Mediterranean waters. He retired from active duty in 1946.
In addition to being a serving officer, Admiral James was an inventor and songwriter. During his time in Bermuda James wrote and published the tune "Traveling High". Earlier in his career he was responsible for the invention of a new type of gunsight for Navy machine guns and a naval mine.
Personal.
Jules James was born in Danville, Virginia, where he studied at Virginia Military Institute preparatory to entering the U. S. Naval Academy. In 1928 he married Eleanor Standish Gamble, niece of U.S. Secretary of War Henry Stimson. Gamble was also the great-great granddaughter of American founding father Roger Sherman. Following his retirement from the Navy in 1946, James became a special representative in Europe for the National Lead Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9857902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857902" title="Gay?">
Gay?

Gay? is a 1996 EP released by 12 Rods, their first release on a label (as opposed to being self-released). It is notable for receiving a very rare 10.0 rating from Pitchfork Media upon its release, being one of the few albums to ever have done so.

</doc>
<doc id="9857909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857909" title="Compañeros de aventuras">
Compañeros de aventuras

Compañeros de aventuras is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857911" title="Recuerdos de un ángel">
Recuerdos de un ángel

Recuerdos de un ángel is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857917" title="Rodríguez, supernumerario">
Rodríguez, supernumerario

Rodríguez, supernumerario is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857922" title="La Rubia Mireya">
La Rubia Mireya

La Rubia Mireya is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857929" title="Romance sin palabras">
Romance sin palabras

Romance sin palabras is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857931" title="Belinda Cordwell">
Belinda Cordwell

Belinda Jane Cordwell (born 21 September 1965 in Wellington) is a sports commentator and a former professional tennis player from New Zealand, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There she lost in the first round of the women's singles competition to Great Britain's Sara Gomer.
Biography.
During her career Cordwell won one WTA singles title (at Singapore) and two WTA doubles titles (at Singapore & Tokyo). Cordwell reached her highest individual ranking on the WTA Tour on 4 December 1989, when she became No. 17 ranked in the world. Her most notable result was reaching the semifinals of the Australian Open in 1989, where she lost to Helena Suková. After retiring Cordwell has worked as a television sports commentator for One Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="9857936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857936" title="La Gran tentación">
La Gran tentación

La Gran tentación is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857940" title="Story of a Bad Woman">
Story of a Bad Woman

Story of a Bad Woman (Spanish:Historia de una mala mujer) is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Saslavsky and starring the Mexican and Hollywood superstar Dolores del Río, María Duval, Alberto Closas. It is gased on "Lady Windermere's Fan" by Oscar Wilde. The film's art direction was by Raúl Soldi. It was made by Argentina Sono Film, one of the country's biggest studios during the era. 

</doc>
<doc id="9857949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857949" title="The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon">
The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon

The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon () is a 1949 Venezuelan-Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9857951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857951" title="Los Angelenos">
Los Angelenos

Los Angelenos recorded at The Kat Club Cabaña Studio, on Santa Monica Bay 2007. Produced by D.J.Peters. There is a song by Billy Joel with the same name, made some 40 years before this album.

</doc>
<doc id="9857952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857952" title="United States House Committee on Mines and Mining">
United States House Committee on Mines and Mining

The United States House Committee on Mines and Mining is a defunct a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
The Committee on Mines and Mining was created on December 19, 1865, for consideration of subjects relating to mining interests. It exercised jurisdiction over the Geological Survey, the Bureau of Mines, the establishment of mining schools and mining experimental stations, mineral land laws, the welfare of men working in mines, mining debris, relief in cases of mineral contracts connected with the prosecution of war, the mining of radium ore, and the Government's fuel yards in the District of Columbia.
In 1947, the committee was abolished and its duties were transferred to the United States House Committee on Public Lands.

</doc>
<doc id="9857959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857959" title="La Dama del collar">
La Dama del collar

La Dama del collar is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857964" title="Don Bildigerno de Pago Milagro">
Don Bildigerno de Pago Milagro

Don Bildigerno de Pago Milagro is a 1948 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9857969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857969" title="Cita en las estrellas">
Cita en las estrellas

Cita en las estrellas is a 1949 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper. It stars María Duval, Juan Carlos Thorry, Osvaldo Miranda and Héctor Calcaño. It premiered on January 13, 1949.
Plot.
Two lovers are separated and marry other partners. After that boyfriend dies, the girlfriend becomes delirious.
Reception.
The film was well received by critics, with the newspaper "La Nación" approving of the narrative. Some elements of the film were compared to Henry Hathaway's "Peter Ibbetson".

</doc>
<doc id="9857973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857973" title="By the Sweat of Your Brow">
By the Sweat of Your Brow

By the Sweat of Your Brow () is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9857979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857979" title="Give It to Me (Mobb Deep song)">
Give It to Me (Mobb Deep song)

Give It to Me is the third single from Mobb Deep's debut album with G-Unit Records, "Blood Money". The song features Young Buck and is produced by Profile. It samples "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai".
Music video.
In the music video directed by Jessy Terrero it features various cameo appearances by G-Unit members including 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo.

</doc>
<doc id="9857981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857981" title="Walt Disney World Casting Center">
Walt Disney World Casting Center

The Walt Disney World Casting Center is the official center for employment and recruiting for the Walt Disney World Resort. Designed by architect Robert A. M. Stern and built by Orlando-based design-build company, H. J. High Construction, the building opened in 1989. The Casting Center is located across from the Downtown Disney complex near the Team Disney building and borders the Walt Disney World property on Interstate 4 with the purpose of advertising Walt Disney World job opportunities to commuters traveling by on the busy interstate.
Decorative landscaping and parking surround the two-story building. Large golden-framed double doors that lead into an oval lobby with a high ceiling featuring golden statues of famous animated Disney characters mark the main entrance of the building. The oval lobby leads into a long ramp lined with Disney-inspired artwork featuring paintings of its theme parks and Walt Disney. The ramp leads directly to an applicant check-in area and waiting room on the second level. A scale model of Cinderella Castle resides in the center of the applicant waiting area. Disney employees are called Cast Members in Disney's company lexicon. Newly hired Cast Members are escorted to the lower level into a New-Hire Processing room where administrative clerks file new-hire work documents and take finger print scans of all new-hires. New-hires are then escorted to a final briefing room where they receive the official company handbook, additional documents, and first-time Cast Members are scheduled for their first day of training at Disney University called "Traditions".
In addition, the building also houses offices of recruiters, conference rooms, a call center for the Disney Job Line, and an executive hiring area for professional job applicants.

</doc>
<doc id="9857987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857987" title="Corrientes, Street of Dreams">
Corrientes, Street of Dreams

Corrientes, Street of Dreams () is a 1949 Argentine musical film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Mariano Mores and Yeya Duciel.

</doc>
<doc id="9857991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857991" title="Beyond the Deepwoods">
Beyond the Deepwoods

Beyond the Deepwoods is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell, first published in 1998. It is the first volume of "The Edge Chronicles" and of the "Twig Saga" trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the fourth novel, following the "Quint Saga" trilogy that was published later.
Plot.
Raised by Woodtroll families all his life, Twig believes at heart he is a woodtroll, yet he strongly suspects there is something different about him, as he does not fit in with the rest of the woodtroll villagers. Twig has been raised in the Deepwoods, far from fourthling civilization, yet he sets off to find his true kind when he learns from his adoptive mother that he is not a woodtroll. His adoptive woodtroll mother tells him to travel to their cousin's house to mull things over, but during Twig's journey through the Deepwoods, he is seduced by the beauty of the woods themselves and ends up straying from the path. This is an act no woodtroll ever commits, for the woodtrolls' greatest fear is getting lost, and this fear is not without reason. The forest is populated with both fierce natural predators and evil demons, the most dangerous demon being the Gloamglozer. The Gloamglozer can shapeshift in order to attract victims, and it can also mimick the voices of any animal in distress. Twig does indeed hear such a voice, and follows it, but stumbles upon a Slaughterer, who is being attacked by a Hoverworm. Twig kills the Hoverworm and the grateful Slaughterer invites him to spend the night in his village. However, the Slaughterer has been poisoned by the Hoverworm and is swelling up. Nonetheless, Twig gets to the Slaughterer village and the Slaughterers find an antidote for their ill brother.
The next morning, Twig is awoken by a Slaughterer who tells him that he has outstayed his welcome, and is expected to leave immediately. Outraged and disappointed, Twig leaves, with the Slaughterer telling him to "watch out for the Gloamglozer" in a mocking tone. Twig has a run-in with a Skullpelt which attempts to kill him, but Twig is saved by a Caterbird which has just hatched from his cocoon. As all Caterbirds share telepathic dreams whilst in the womb, this Caterbird knows all about Twig and his destiny. The Caterbird tells Twig his destiny lies "beyond the Deepwoods" and flies off, telling Twig he will always protect him. That night, Twig is almost eaten by a Bloodoak, but falls into a Gyle-Goblin colony, where he is almost caught by their colony mother, an obese Grossmother. Then Twig meets an injured Banderbear, one of the forest's dominant predators. The Banderbear is sick because of a rotten tooth, which Twig heals by wrenching it out. Soon, Twig and the Banderbear become great friends, but one day the Banderbear is killed by a swarm of Wig-Wigs, ferocious predators which act like piranhas. Later, Twig almost drowns in a swamp, but is rescued by a goblin at the edge, who mysteriously vanishes just as Twig is about to thank him. Twig then follows a young girl, and he discovers she is a Termagant Trog who has not yet matured. Twig spends a few months with the Trog girl, who grows to become fond of him as a "pet" and eventually the girl's maturing ceremony takes place. Twig watches as the girl he has come to love grows enormously gigantic by drinking Bloodoak sap. Now fully formed as a Trog female, the girl attempts to kill Twig, as she sees all other species as vermin. However, a lone Trog male saves Twig, much to his surprise, and directs him to the exit.
Soon, Twig meets some sky pirates, whose ship has crashed due to the flight-rock which powers the ship falling out of the sky when it was struck by lightning. Twig finds out that the sky pirate captain, Quintinius Verginix, is his true father, and learns at long last who he, Twig, really is. To Twig's horror, though, the next morning he awakes in a deserted forest clearing. The sky pirates have jumped ship and abandoned him... again. Momentarily distraught, Twig sees the pirate's fire float upwards and catch onto a tree, which sets half the forest alight. Twig runs for it, right down to the Edgelands, where he meets the Gloamglozer face to face. In a cruel twist, the Gloamglozer reveals that the entire set of misadventures was a cruel game devised by himself. He tells Twig that he, the Gloamglozer, was all the various creatures which had saved him throughout the journey. The Slaughterer who had mocked Twig was the Gloamglozer in disguise, as was the Trog male, and the goblin at the edge of the Mire was also the Gloamglozer in goblin form. The demon tells Twig that he only wanted to lure Twig to him so he could throw him over the Edge. The Gloamglozer does just this, although the Caterbird rescues Twig from oblivion and throws him onto the deck of Quintinius Verginix's ship. Finally reunited with his true father, who apologizes for leaving him and promises to always protect his son, Twig, the sky pirates set sail for Undertown, the central city of the Edge.

</doc>
<doc id="9857993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857993" title="Dance of Fire (film)">
Dance of Fire (film)

Dance of Fire () is a 1949 Argentine comedy film directed by Daniel Tinayre. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9857995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857995" title="William Quarrier">
William Quarrier

William Quarrier (29 September 1829 – 16 October 1903) was a shoe retailer and philanthropist from Glasgow, Scotland. He was founder of the Orphan Homes of Scotland in Renfrewshire, which later evolved into the social care charity Quarriers.
==Quarrier was born in Greenock on 29 September 1829, but moved to Glasgow aged three following the death of his father and spent most of his childhood in poverty. Reflecting on his charitable acts in 1872, he accredited his philanthropy largely to these experiences:
when he was 18 he began work as a shoemaker after training as an apprentice. At this stage, he became a devout Christian. He soon owned a chain of shops and married Isabella Hunter, the daughter of his first employer. Quarrier fathered four children: Isabella, Agnes, Frank and Mary Quarrier.
Charitable work.
Quarrier is best known for his charitable work. In 1881 he opened a night refuge for homeless children in Renfrew Street, Glasgow.
Then in 1887, using charitable donations, Quarrier began to build the Orphan Homes of Scotland on a piece of land now in Inverclyde and between the villages of Kilmacolm and Bridge of Weir, falling within the civil parish of the former. By the 1890s 'Quarrier's Village', as it is now known, was home to 34 cottages, a school, a church and a fire station. The village was home to up to 1,500 children at a time. Children in need could be housed in conditions close to a home environment. Each cottage housed up to thirty children under the care of a "father and mother". Children were taught self-reliance and were well educated in the village school
Child migration.
From 1870 to 1936 the Orphan Homes of Scotland founded by William Quarrier participated in the British child relocation program sending more than 7,000 young people to Canada where they were employed, as farm labourers.
Death and legacy.
William Quarrier died on 16 October 1903. He is buried alongside his wife in the Mount Zion Church cemetery at Quarrier's Village.
His work continues through the social care charity Quarriers, which is still based at Quarriers Village.
References.
cr

</doc>
<doc id="9857998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9857998" title="De hombre a hombre">
De hombre a hombre

De hombre a hombre is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858001" title="Empty category principle">
Empty category principle

In linguistics, the empty category principle (ECP) was proposed in Noam Chomsky's syntactic framework of government and binding theory. The ECP is supposed to be a universal syntactic constraint that requires traces to be properly governed.
Proper government is defined as follows:
The ECP is a way of accounting for, among other things, the empirical fact that it is generally more difficult to move up a "wh"-word from a subject position than from an object position.
The intermediate traces must be deleted because they cannot be properly governed; theta-government is impossible because of the position they occupy, Spec-CP; the only possible antecedent-governor might be an overt NP (a wh-word), but the Minimality Condition would always be violated because of the tensed I (which must be present in all matrix clauses), the tensed I would c-command the intermediate trace but it would not c-command the wh-word. So we have to say that intermediate traces must be deleted at logical form so that they can avoid the ECP.
In the case of "object extraction" (the trace is a complement of VP), theta-government is the only possible option. In the case of subject extraction (the trace in Spec-IP), antecedent-government is the only possible option.
If the trace is in Spec-IP and we have an overt complementizer (such as "that"), the sentence is ungrammatical because the ECP is violated. The closest potential governor would be the complementizer, which cannot antecedent-govern the trace because it is not coindexed with it (and theta-government is impossible since trace is in Spec-IP).
For example, in the sentence "Who do you think (that) John will invite?" the ECP works in the following way (the structure is given for the embedded clause only):

</doc>
<doc id="9858003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858003" title="La Cuna vacía">
La Cuna vacía

La Cuna vacía is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858004" title="Four from Toyah">
Four from Toyah

"Four from Toyah" was the sixth UK single, and second EP by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1981. It was the first to feature the new band lineup of Willcox, Joel Bogen, Phil Spalding, Nigel Glockler and Adrian Lee. This was the breakthrough single for the band, reaching #4 in the UK Singles Charts on the back of its lead track, "It's a Mystery". The single also marked the band's first appearance on "Top Of The Pops".
Initially Toyah had great reservations about recording the song. "When I first heard "It’s a Mystery" I thought it wasn’t for me. It was written by a friend called Keith Hale for a band called Blood Donor and the record company wanted me to cover it. ... Because I'd worked from 1977 right up to 1980 and I had an army of followers and I just knew this song wasn’t for them," she said in a 1980 interview.
"It's a Mystery" would later appear on the album "Anthem", although the other three tracks from this EP would not appear on an album until the original CD release of "Anthem" in 1985. Many years later, these tracks would appear on other compilations and the eventual 1999 CD re-issue of "Anthem" itself. They were also featured on the 2005 compilation "". In several territories, "It's a Mystery" was released as a standalone single instead of being part of an EP. Toyah has not been receiving royalties for the song even though she wrote the lyrics.
Track listing.
Original 7" EP.
Side A
Side B
Catalogue Number: TOY1
German/French/Dutch 7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: METRONOME 0030482 EMI 1C 006 64359 [Germany reissue, SAF 5003 SAFE 1450 [Holland
Australian 7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFARI 20709692
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides ran at 33RPM. There were two variations of the single artwork - one with white lettering, and one with gold lettering.

</doc>
<doc id="9858007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858007" title="La Doctora quiere tangos">
La Doctora quiere tangos

La Doctora quiere tangos is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858014" title="Diez segundos">
Diez segundos

Diez segundos ("Ten Seconds") is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Wehner, produced by Emelco studios. The film is a boxing drama starring Ricardo Duggan, María Esther Buschiazzo, Patricia Castell, Carlos D'Agostino (voice), Delfy de Ortega, María Rosa Gallo, Oscar Valicelli and Oscar Villa. It premiered on November 23, 1949 in Buenos Aires. The film was distributed by Interamericana. Castell and Rosa Gallo would later star alongside each other in several films and television series over several decades including "Perla Negra and "Zíngara" (1996).
Plot.
The film is loosely based on Horacio Estol's 1946 "Vida y combates de Luis Angel Firpo", a biography of the Argentine boxer Luis Ángel Firpo who came close to beating Jack Dempsey in 1923.
In the film, a humble lad starts to learn to box to defend himself, then goes on to become a professional boxer. He is trained heavily by Oscar Villa. Duggan's love interest in the film is played by Patrica Castell.
Reception.
The book which the film was based on, Estol's "Vida y combates de Luis Angel Firpo" (1946) was received quite poorly and Wehner was inexperienced as a director, resulting in a disappointing film.
A critic of the newspaper "Noticias Gráficas" said (in English): "They have used a narrative method that disappoints the viewer" and compared it to the delirium a boxer experiences when being knocked out. "Diario Critica" newspaper said (in English) "Some secrets of the technique get some interesting effects, but it reveals absolute nullity in the management of the interpreter."
The authors of a 2009 analysis of the role of sports in Juan Peron’s government see the film as an example of the government’s pursuit of national advancement and social mobility through sporting achievement. Its MALBA entry describes it as a classic Argentinian B movie and as a faithful, almost anthropological, representation of life in a Buenos Aires neighborhood of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9858019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858019" title="Yo no elegí mi vida">
Yo no elegí mi vida

Yo no elegí mi vida is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858022" title="Müritz">
Müritz

The ([]; from Slavic "little sea") is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, northern Germany. Its area is 117 km², which makes it the second largest lake in Germany (after Lake Constance) and the largest lake "entirely within" Germany. 
Its maximum depth is 31 metres. It is fed and drained by the river Elde. Part of the Müritz and adjacent forests and wetlands are protected by the Müritz National Park. The former Müritz district was named after the lake. The biggest towns bordering the lake are Waren (Müritz) and Röbel, both major centres of tourism in the Mecklenburg Lake District.
Lake Müritz is part of the Müritz-Elde Waterway, a Class I federal waterway. It is managed by the Lauenburg Waterway and Shipping Authority ("Wasser- und Schifffahrtsamt Lauenburg").
Geography.
Divisions.
The Müritz Basin is divided into several large bays. Unlike the shallow eastern part of the lake, the western side is divided into several channel-like inlets like the Bays of Röbel and Sietow ("Röbeler Bucht" and "Sietower Bucht"). By the town of Waren on the northern shore of the lake is the Binnenmüritz, which contains the deepest point of the lake (−31 metres), and only has a narrow strait connecting it to the main basin of Lake Müritz. At the southern shore is the Little Müritz ("Kleine Müritz") from which the Müritzarm and the Müritzsee branch off further to the south. Lake Müritz measures about 29 kilometres from north to south and about 13 kilometres from east to west; and has a catchment area of about 663 km². The Müritz is crossed by the River Elde from south to north and has a link to the Kölpinsee in the west from the Binnenmüritz via the Reeck Canal (also Eldenburg Canal) which is a good two kilometres long. Because it also feeds the River Havel to the east via the Mirow Canal, which is part of the Müritz-Havel Waterway, and the Bolter Canal as well as via the chains of adjoining lakes, it has artificially been turned into a bifurcated waterway.
Creation.
Lake Müritz was formed during the Weichselian glaciation between the Pomeranian and the Frankfurt Stages. Originally the entire Mecklenburg Lake District was a huge lake, that split into several smaller lakes, linked to one another, as a result of a fall in sea level.
Water level.
The water level of Lake Müritz has changed several times in the preceding centuries, primarily as a result of human influences. In the 12th century the surface of the lake was still 60.5 metres above sea level. By 1737 the lake surface had risen to 64.35 metres as a result of the waterway being impounded in several positive and negative stages in order, for example, to drive mills along the River Elde downstream. But by 1739 the mill reservoir had been lowered by around 1.51 metres. In the wake of two adjustments to the Elde and two further changes to the mill impoundment the water level reached its present level of in 1836.
Settlements.
The largest town on Lake Müritz is Waren (Müritz). Other settlements are (clockwise) Rechlin, Priborn, Vipperow, Ludorf, Röbel/Müritz, Gotthun, Sietow and Klink.

</doc>
<doc id="9858024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858024" title="Vidalita">
Vidalita

Vidalita is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858027" title="El Hombre de las sorpresas">
El Hombre de las sorpresas

El Hombre de las sorpresas is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858028" title="Roldán Rodríguez">
Roldán Rodríguez

Roldán Rodríguez Iglesias (born November 9, 1984 in Valladolid) is a Spanish racing driver, who competed in the GP2 Series from 2007 to 2009. Prior to this he competed in Spanish Formula Three and various Formula 3000 categories.
Career.
Formula Three.
After competing in Formula Junior 1600 Spain in 2002, Rodríguez graduated to the Spanish Formula Three Championship in 2003 in remained there for the next four seasons, gradually improving to finish as series runner-up in 2006, behind Ricardo Risatti.
Nissan World Series.
In 2004, Rodríguez dovetailed part-time campaigns in F3 and the Nissan World Series, in which he scored two points from nine races.
Euroseries 3000.
Rodríguez drove for the Minardi Euroseries 3000 team in 2006 alongside his Spanish F3 campaign.
GP2 Series.
Giancarlo Minardi's team-up with Hitech/Piquet Sports for the 2007 GP2 Series season led to Rodríguez securing the second seat in the team, alongside Alexandre Negrão. He finished the season in 17th place.
After initially beginning 2008 without a GP2 drive, he replaced the injured Michael Herck at Fisichella Motor Sport for the last round of the GP2 Asia Series, then kept his seat with the team for the main 2008 GP2 Series season, replacing Andy Soucek who had been expected to fill the seat. He finished thirteenth in the championship, an improvement upon the previous year.
Rodríguez returned to Piquet GP to compete in the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season, where he finished third behind Kamui Kobayashi and Jérôme d'Ambrosio, and the 2009 GP2 Series season, where he finished eleventh.
Rodríguez rejoined Scuderia Coloni, the old Fisichella Motor Sport team, for the 2009–10 GP2 Asia Series season but was replaced by Alberto Valerio after the first round.
Formula One.
Rodríguez tested for Minardi during the season. He was signed by the Force India Formula One team as a test driver for the winter of -. He was linked with a race seat at Formula One newcomers Campos Grand Prix for 2010, but has announced that he will be taking a sabbatical from motorsport instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9858029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858029" title="Un Hombre solo no vale nada">
Un Hombre solo no vale nada

Un Hombre solo no vale nada is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858043" title="El Extraño caso de la mujer asesinada">
El Extraño caso de la mujer asesinada

El Extraño caso de la mujer asesinada is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858046" title="Edición extra">
Edición extra

Edición extra is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Jorge Salcedo and Silvana Roth.

</doc>
<doc id="9858048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858048" title="Fúlmine (film)">
Fúlmine (film)

Fúlmine is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera. It is based in the Guillermo Divito's comic strip "Fúlmine" character.

</doc>
<doc id="9858050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858050" title="Fascinación">
Fascinación

Fascinación is a 1949 Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Schlieper and starring Alicia Barrié, Héctor Calcaño, and Susana Campos.

</doc>
<doc id="9858055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858055" title="Beagle-Harrier">
Beagle-Harrier

The Beagle Harrier is a scenthound. It is a breed of dog originating from France.
Characteristics.
Appearance.
The Beagle Harrier appears to be either a larger Beagle or a smaller Harrier. It is a medium sized dog, between 45 and 50 centimeters (18 to 20 inches) tall at the withers, and it weighs between 19 and 21 kilograms (42 to 46 pounds).
Its coat is usually tricolor, featuring the colors fawn, black, tan, or white. There are also grey-coated (tricolor) Beagle Harriers. The Beagle-Harrier's body is usually muscular and its coat smooth and thick.
Temperament.
The Beagle Harrier is generally good with children and other pets. They are loyal, have lots of determination and are calm and relaxed when at home, making them a good family pet. They are a hunting breed and so require a lot of exercise and space.
Health.
The Beagle Harrier is generally very healthy and has a life span of 12 to 13 years. Hip dysplasia could cause a problem.
History.
Beagle Harriers were bred in France in the 19th century by Baron Gerard. The Beagle Harrier could be a mixture of the two breeds, the Beagle and the Harrier, or the midpoint in breeding between the two breeds.
It was recognized by the FCI in 1974. The Beagle-Harrier is also recognised by the Continental Kennel Club in their Hound group.
The Beagle Harrier can now be quite rarely found in France and are even more rare in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9858062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858062" title="Historia del tango">
Historia del tango

Historia del tango is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858063" title="A Story of the Nineties">
A Story of the Nineties

A Story of the Nineties (Spanish:Historia del 900) is a 1949 Argentine musical film directed by Hugo del Carril and starring del Carril, Sabina Olmos and Santiago Arrieta. The film marked del Carril's directorial debut. Sets in the 1890s, It was one of a number of tango-influenced films produced in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9858066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858066" title="All Because of You (Lisa Whelchel album)">
All Because of You (Lisa Whelchel album)

All Because of You is a 1984 CCM album recorded by Lisa Whelchel. This album was recorded on the Nissi Records label and was distributed by Sparrow Records.
Aftermath.
The album reached #17 on the "Billboard" Contemporary Christian Music charts, making it a modest success. It also was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Inspiration Performance", ultimately losing to former disco queen Donna Summer's "Forgive Me". Whelchel never recorded another album.

</doc>
<doc id="9858069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858069" title="El Hijo de la calle">
El Hijo de la calle

El Hijo de la calle is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858070" title="La Guitarra de Gardel">
La Guitarra de Gardel

La Guitarra de Gardel is a 1949 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9858071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858071" title="Kingdom of Libya">
Kingdom of Libya

The Kingdom of Libya (; Libyan Kingdom; ), originally called the United Kingdom of Libya, came into existence upon independence on 24 December 1951 and lasted until a coup d'état led by Muammar Gaddafi on 1 September 1969 overthrew King Idris of Libya and established the Libyan Arab Republic.
History.
Constitution.
Under the constitution of October 1951, the federal monarchy of Libya was headed by King Idris as chief of state, with succession to his designated heirs. Substantial political power resided with the king. The executive arm of the government consisted of a prime minister and Council of Ministers designated by the king but also responsible to the Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of a bicameral legislature. The Senate, or upper house, consisted of eight representatives from each of the three provinces. Half of the senators were nominated by the king, who also had the right to veto legislation and to dissolve the lower house. Local autonomy in the provinces was exercised through provincial governments and legislatures. Tripoli and Benghazi served alternately as the national capital.
Political development.
Several factors, rooted in Libya's history, affected the political development of the newly independent country. They reflected the differing political orientations of the provinces and the ambiguities inherent in Libya's monarchy. First, after the first general elections, which were held on 19 February 1952, political parties were abolished. The National Congress Party, which had campaigned against a federal form of government, was defeated throughout the country. The party was outlawed, and Bashir es Sadawi was deported. Second, provincial ties continued to be more important than national ones, and the federal and provincial governments were constantly in dispute over their respective spheres of authority. A third problem derived from the lack of a direct heir to the throne. To remedy this situation, Idris in 1953 designated his sixty-year-old brother to succeed him. When the original heir apparent died, the king appointed his nephew, Prince Hasan ar Rida, his successor.
Foreign policy.
In its foreign policy, the Kingdom of Libya was recognized as belonging to the conservative traditionalist bloc in the League of Arab States, of which it became a member in 1953.
The government was in close alliance with the United States and United Kingdom; both countries maintained military base rights in Libya. The U.S. supported the United Nations resolution providing for Libyan independence in 1951 and raised the status of its office at Tripoli from a consulate general to a legation. Libya opened a legation in Washington, D.C., in 1954. Both countries subsequently raised their missions to the embassy level and exchanged ambassadors.
In 1953, Libya concluded a twenty-year treaty of friendship and alliance with the United Kingdom under which the latter received military bases in exchange for financial and military assistance. The next year, Libya and the United States signed an agreement under which the United States also obtained military base rights, subject to renewal in 1970, in return for economic aid to Libya. The most important of the United States installations in Libya was Wheelus Air Base, near Tripoli, considered a strategically valuable installation in the 1950s and early 1960s. Reservations set aside in the desert were used by British and American military aircraft based in Europe as practice firing ranges. Libya forged close ties with France, Italy, Greece, and Turkey, and established full diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union in 1955, but declined a Soviet offer of economic aid.
As part of a broad assistance package, the UN Technical Assistance Board agreed to sponsor a technical aid program that emphasized the development of agriculture and education. The University of Libya was founded in 1955 by royal decree in Benghazi. Foreign powers, notably Britain and the United States, provided development aid. Steady economic improvement occurred, but the pace was slow, and Libya remained a poor and underdeveloped country heavily dependent on foreign aid.
Development of the nation.
This situation changed suddenly and dramatically in June 1959 when research prospectors from Esso (later renamed Exxon) confirmed the location of major petroleum deposits at Zaltan in Cyrenaica. Further discoveries followed, and commercial development was quickly initiated by concession holders who returned 50 percent of their profits to the Libyan government in taxes. In the petroleum market, Libya's advantages lay not only in the quantity but also in the high quality of its crude product. Libya's proximity and direct linkage to Europe by sea were further marketing advantages. The discovery and exploitation of petroleum turned the vast, sparsely populated, impoverished country into an independently wealthy nation with potential for extensive development and thus constituted a major turning point in Libyan history. Libya's petroleum law, initially passed in 1955, was amended in 1961 and again in 1965 to increase the Libyan government's share of the revenues from oil.
As development of petroleum resources progressed in the early 1960s, Libya launched its first Five-Year Plan, 1963-68. One negative result of the new wealth from petroleum, however, was a decline in agricultural production, largely through neglect. Internal Libyan politics continued to be stable, but the federal form of government had proven inefficient and cumbersome. In April 1963, Prime Minister Mohieddin Fikini secured adoption by parliament of a bill, endorsed by the king, that abolished the federal form of government, establishing in its place a unitary, monarchical state with a dominant central government. By legislation, the historical divisions of Cyrenaica, Tripolitania, and Fezzan were to be eliminated and the country divided into ten new provinces, each headed by an appointed governor. The legislature revised the constitution in 1963 to reflect the change from a federal to a unitary state.
International relations.
In regional affairs, Libya enjoyed the advantage of not having aggravated boundary disputes with its neighbors. Libya was one of the thirty founding members of the Organization of African Unity (OAU), established in 1963, and in November 1964 participated with Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia in forming a joint consultative committee aimed at economic cooperation among North African states. Although it supported Arab causes, including the Moroccan and Algerian independence movements, Libya took little active part in the Arab-Israeli dispute or the tumultuous inter-Arab politics of the 1950s and the early 1960s.
Nevertheless, the brand of Arab nationalism advanced by Egypt's Gamal Abdel Nasser exercised an increasing influence, particularly among the younger Libyan generation. In response to anti-Western agitation in 1964, Libya's essentially pro-Western government requested the evacuation of British and American bases before the dates specified in the treaties. Most British forces were in fact withdrawn in 1966, although the evacuation of foreign military installations, including Wheelus Air Base, was not completed until March 1970.
The June 1967 War between Israel and its Arab neighbors aroused a strong reaction in Libya, particularly in Tripoli and Benghazi, where dock and oil workers as well as students were involved in violent demonstrations. The United States and British embassies and oil company offices were damaged in rioting. Members of the small Jewish community were also attacked, prompting the emigration of almost all remaining Libyan Jews. The government restored order, but thereafter attempts to modernize the small and ineffective Libyan armed forces and to reform the grossly inefficient Libyan bureaucracy foundered upon conservative opposition to the nature and pace of the proposed reforms.
Although Libya was clearly on record as supporting Arab causes in general, the country did not play an important role in Arab politics. At the Arab summit conference held at Khartoum in September 1967, however, Libya, along with Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, agreed to provide generous subsidies from oil revenues to aid Egypt, Syria, and Jordan, defeated in June by Israel. Also, Idris first broached the idea of taking collective action to increase the price of oil on the world market. Libya, nonetheless, continued its close association with the West, while Idris' government steered an essentially conservative course at home.
Attempts at reform.
After the forming of the Libyan state in 1951, Idris' government had tried—not very successfully—to promote a sense of Libyan nationalism built around the institution of the monarchy. But Idris himself was first and foremost a Cyrenaican, never at ease in Tripolitania. His political interests were essentially Cyrenaican, and he understood that whatever real power he had—and it was more considerable than what he derived from the constitution—lay in the loyalty he commanded as emir of Cyrenaica and head of the Sanussi order. Idris' pro-Western sympathies and identification with the conservative Arab bloc were especially resented by an increasingly politicized urban elite that favored nonalignment. Aware of the potential of their country's natural wealth, many Libyans had also become conscious that its benefits reached very few of the population. An ominous undercurrent of dissatisfaction with corruption and malfeasance in the bureaucracy began to appear as well, particularly among young officers of the armed forces who were influenced by Nasser's Arab nationalist ideology.
Alienated from the most populous part of the country, from the cities, and from a younger generation of Libyans, Idris spent more and more time at his palace in Tobruk, near the British military base. In June 1969, the king left the country for rest and medical treatment in Greece and Turkey, leaving Crown Prince Hasan as-Senussi as regent.
1969 coup and end of the monarchy.
The monarchy came to an end on 1 September 1969 when a group of military officers led by Muammar Gaddafi staged a coup d’état against King Idris while he was in Turkey for medical treatment. The revolutionaries arrested the army chief of staff and the head of security in the kingdom. After hearing about the coup, King Idris dismissed it as "unimportant".
The coup pre-empted King Idris' instrument of abdication dated 4 August 1969 to take effect 2 September 1969 in favour of the Crown Prince, who had been appointed regent following the king's departure for Turkey. Following the overthrow of the monarchy the country was renamed the Libyan Arab Republic.
Aftermath.
2011 Libyan revolution.
Although the king and the crown prince died in exile and most of the younger generation of Libyans were born after the monarchy, the Senussi dynasty has enjoyed somewhat of a comeback during the 2011 Libyan civil war, especially in the dynasty's traditional stronghold of Cyrenaica. Opposition demonstrators to Colonel Gaddafi used the old tricolour flag of the monarchy, some carried portraits of the king, and played the old national anthem "Libya, Libya, Libya". Two of the surviving Senussi exiles were planning to return to Libya to support the protestors.
Government.
The United Kingdom of Libya was a constitutional and hereditary monarchy with legislative power being exercised by the monarch in conjunction with parliament.
King.
The King was defined by the constitution as the supreme head of state. Before he is able to assume constitutional powers the King would need to take an oath before a joint session of the Senate and the House of Representatives. All laws passed by parliament needed to be sanctioned and promulgated by the king. It was also the king's responsibility to open and close the sessions of Parliament, its also his responsibility to dissolve the House of Representatives in line with the constitution. The king was head of the kingdom's armed forces.
Council of ministers.
The King was responsible for appointing and removing Prime Ministers. The king also appointed and dismissed ministers based on the advice of the Prime Minister. The Council of Ministers were responsible for the direction of the internal and external affairs of the country and the council were accountable to the House of Representatives. Once a prime minister was removed from office this automatically resulted in dismissal of all the other ministers.
Parliament.
The Kingdom's parliament consisted of two chambers, the Senate and the House of Representatives. Both chambers met and closed at the same time.
The Senate was made up of twenty-four members appointed by the King. A seat in the Senate was restricted to Libyan nationals of at least forty years. The King appointed the President of the Senate, with the Senate itself electing two vice presidents which the King would then need to approve. The president and vice president served for a fixed two-year term. At the end of this term, the King was free to reappoint the president or replace them with someone else while the vice presidents faced re-election. The term of office for a senator was eight years. A senator could not serve for consecutive terms but could be reappointed in the future. Half of all the senators were to be replaced every four years.
Members of the House of Representatives were elected through universal suffrage following the constitutional change on 25 April 1963. Women had previously not been able to vote. The number of deputies in the house was determined on the basis of one deputy for twenty thousand people. Elections were held every four years unless parliament was dissolved earlier. The deputies were responsible for electing a speaker and two vice-speakers for the house.
Subdivisions.
Provinces.
Following independence until 1963, the Kingdom was organised into three provinces: Tripolitania, Cyrenaica and Fezzan, which are the three historic regions of Libya. Autonomy in the provinces was exercised through provincial governments and legislatures.
1963 reorganisation.
Following a change in the constitution abolishing the federal makeup of the country in 1963 the three provinces were reorganised into ten governorates ("muhafazah" in Arabic) which were ruled by an appointed governor. 

</doc>
<doc id="9858073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858073" title="John Smith (Vermont)">
John Smith (Vermont)

John Smith (August 12, 1789 - November 26, 1858) was an American lawyer and politician from Vermont. He served as a U.S. Representative.
Biography.
Smith was born in Barre, Massachusetts to Deacon Samuel Smith and Patience Gregory Smith. He attended the common schools, and moved to St. Albans where he read law. He was admitted to the bar in 1810 and began the practice of law in St. Albans. He formed a law partnership with Benjamin Swift.
He was State's Attorney for Franklin County from 1826 until 1832.Smith was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1827 until 1837, and served as Speaker from 1831 until 1833.
He was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth Congress, serving from March 4, 1839 until March 3, 1841. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1840 to the Twenty-seventh Congress.
While in Congress, Smith delivered the speech, "“The Defense of the Independent Treasury Idea", which gained national attention and was considered one of the best speeches on this subject. Smith received an honorary Master of Arts degree from the University of Vermont.
After leaving Congress, Smith became involved in railroad enterprises and helped establish the Vermont and Canada Railroad.
Family.
John Smith married Maria Waitstell Curtis in 1814. Their children included Harriet Maria, J. Gregory, Edward Curtis, Worthington Curtis, Julia Pierpont, Francis Curtis, and Louisa Jen Broeck.
He was the grandfather of Edward Curtis Smith. In addition, his family was related by marriage to those of Lawrence Brainerd, Amaziah Bailey James and F. Stewart Stranahan.
Death.
Smith died on November 26, 1858 in St. Albans, Vermont. He in interred at Greenwood Cemetery in St. Albans.

</doc>
<doc id="9858086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858086" title="Martin E. Weaver">
Martin E. Weaver

Martin E. Weaver (1938-2004) helped develop the scientific field of architectural conservation in the United States and internationally. He was the Director of the Center for Preservation Research at Columbia University from 1991 to 2003 and was an expert in the conservation of wood-based architectural materials. Originally trained as an architect, his exposure to archaeological excavations in the United Kingdom, Greece, and Iran catalyzed his interest in historic preservation in the late 1960s. Weaver is well known from his book, "Conserving Buildings" (co-authored with Frank G. Matero), published in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9858088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858088" title="Massey Lopes, 2nd Baron Roborough">
Massey Lopes, 2nd Baron Roborough

Massey Henry Edgcumbe Lopes, 2nd Baron Roborough, JP (4 October 1903 – 30 June 1992) was a British peer and officer of the British Army.
Lopes was the only son of Henry Yarde Buller Lopes, and Albertha Louise Florence Edgcumbe, the daughter of William Henry Edgcumbe and Katherine Elizabeth Hamilton. He was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, before joining the Royal Scots Greys in 1925. 
From 1936 to 1937, Lopes was aide-de-camp to George Villiers, 6th Earl of Clarendon, the Governor-General of South Africa. He left the regiment in 1938, when he succeeded his father as Baron, but rejoined in 1939 with the outbreak of the Second World War. Lopes served throughout the war, being twice wounded. 
Lopes became Vice-Lieutenant of Devon in 1951, and the Lord Lieutenant of Devon in 1958, a post he held for the next twenty years. Among a number of posts, he served as a Justice of the Peace and a governor of Exeter University.
Lopes and his wife Helen Dawson are the parents of the George Edward Lopes, whose wife is Sarah Violet Astor of the Astor family, and by them the grandfather of Harry Marcus George Lopes, born 7 October 1977. Harry married on 6 May 2006 Laura Parker Bowles, daughter of Andrew Parker Bowles and Camilla Shand, at St. Cyriac's Church, Lacock, Wiltshire,

</doc>
<doc id="9858097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858097" title="Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (Colombia)">
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (Colombia)

The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development () is the national executive ministry of the Government of Colombia in charge of the management and oversight of the rural development and agriculture of Colombia.
Functions.
The main functions of the ministry of Agriculture are to formulate politics for the development of the agricultural, fishing and rural development sectors; and to manage the formulation of plans, programs and projects needed to develop these sectors, specially the rural areas of the country. The ministry must present plans and programs to the National Development Plan and prepare and present to the Congress of Colombia draft laws related to these sectors. The ministry of Agriculture must define with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the international negotiations related to these sectors. The Ministry is also entitled to create, organize, form and assign through resolutions duties to internal work groups and advising groups within the guidelines previously set.

</doc>
<doc id="9858099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858099" title="I Want to Be Free">
I Want to Be Free

"I Want to Be Free" is the seventh UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released on 7 May 1981. 
Backed by an appearance on "Top of the Pops", and bolstered by the performance of the previous single, "I Want to Be Free" entered the UK Top Ten with a peak at #8, and helped push the album "Anthem" into the UK Albums Chart, where it reached number two. The single also found Top 40 success in Australia and New Zealand.
The two B-sides on this single were eventually included on the 1999 reissue of "Anthem", and they were also featured on the 2005 compilation "".
"It was resonated with how I felt about my school years which was very strong even if I was only 22", Toyah said in a 2003 interview, speaking of the song's lyrics.
Track listing.
Catalogue Number: SAFE34
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides ran at 45RPM. There were two variations of the single artwork - one with a black border, one with a white border.

</doc>
<doc id="9858115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858115" title="The George-Anne">
The George-Anne

The George-Anne is the official student newspaper of Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, Georgia and was first published by the freshman class of the Georgia Normal School on April 12, 1927. As of the Spring Semester of 2009, "The George-Anne" has a twice-weekly circulation of 5,000, distributed in over 40 locations on campus and in various businesses throughout Statesboro. The newspaper has continuously published since then, making it the longest-running newspaper in Bulloch County. For a three-year period from 2005 to 2008, the newspaper was a daily newspaper called "The George-Anne Daily". The paper places a large focus on campus news and sports, but as Georgia Southern has grown, a continued emphasis has been placed on issues and events in and around the town of Statesboro.
History.
The George-Anne was first published on April 1, 1927 and its name originates from Georgia Normal College and its transition from an agricultural teachers college to a coeducational institute of higher learning in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="9858116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858116" title="Lübeck Academy of Music">
Lübeck Academy of Music

The Lübeck Academy of Music () in Lübeck, Germany, is the only higher level music school in the northernmost state of Schleswig-Holstein. The school is located in the World Heritage city of Lübeck, a historic hanseatic city. The school was founded in 1973 but its tradition goes back to 1911. The enrollment is approximately 500 students. The teaching staff includes Shmuel Ashkenasi, Sabine Meyer, James Tocco and others; current president is Inge-Susann Römhild.
The Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival, an annual summer festival devoted to classical music, holds its master classes at the academy.
The school is a member of the Baltic Association of Music Academies.
See also.
Music schools in Germany

</doc>
<doc id="9858137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858137" title="Mikomi">
Mikomi

"For the album be Hadag Nachash, see Chomer MiKomi"
Mikomi was a British consumer electronics manufacturing company, identified as a brand. Its sister brands were Bush and Alba. It made low-end products and were, along with Alba and Bush, sold exclusively at Argos. All Mikomi products were started to be branded as Alba or Bush instead, and the brand dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="9858146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858146" title="Jordan FA Cup">
Jordan FA Cup

The Jordan FA Cup is Jordan's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer).
Previous winners.
The list of finals: 

</doc>
<doc id="9858158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858158" title="Menno Oosting">
Menno Oosting

Menno Oosting (May 17, 1964 – February 22, 1999) was a professional tennis player from the Netherlands, who won seven ATP Tour doubles titles and reached 11 finals in his career.
Born in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Oosting reached a career-high ranking of 72nd in the men's singles in 1988, and 20th in doubles in 1995. Oosting won the mixed-doubles title on Roland Garros in 1994, partnering Kristie Boogert. Oosting played in four Davis Cup ties for the Netherlands during the 1980s, posting a 5–3 record in singles and a 2–1 record in doubles. He died of injuries sustained in a car accident in Turnhout, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="9858191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858191" title="Cydia pomonella granulosis virus">
Cydia pomonella granulosis virus

Cydia pomonella granulosis virus (CpGV) is a granulovirus belonging to the family "Baculoviridae". It has a double-stranded DNA genome that is 123,500 base pairs in length with 143 ORFs. The virus forms small bodies called granules containing a single virion. CpGV is a virus of invertebrates – specifically "Cydia pomonella" or the Codling moth. CpGV is highly pathogenic, it is known as a fast GV – that is, one that will kill its host in the same instar as infection; thus, it is frequently used as a biological pesticide.
CpGV in pest control.
"C. pomonella" has proved to be a problematic pest on several fruit trees, including apples and pears. The caterpillars burrow into the fruit, rendering it un-sellable. Traditional insecticides are of limited use, as some strains have acquired resistance to several insecticides.
CpGV has been shown to kill many of the larvae of "C. pomonella" in trials without having adverse effects on humans or other animals, thanks to the specific nature of the virus. Also, no development of resistance was observed. Know it is known that several resistant populations occurred. 
The Mexican strain of CpGV is available as commercial pesticides like MADEX (Andermatt Biocontrol AG), CARPOVIRUSINE (NPP/Arysta LifeScience) and CYD-X (Certis).
New strains, which are able to manage resistant codling moth populations were developed. These strains are commercialized by NPP/Arysta LifeScience: CARPOVIRUSINE EVO 2 and Andermatt Biocontrol AG: MADEX MAX and MADEX PLUS.

</doc>
<doc id="9858200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858200" title="Red Right Hand">
Red Right Hand

"Red Right Hand" is a 1994 song and single from Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. 
It first appeared on the album "Let Love In", where it ran at 6:10. It was later released as a single at the condensed length of 4:48. It has since become one of Cave's signature tunes, performed at most of his concerts.
Song title.
The liner notes for "Murder Ballads" points out that the phrase "red right hand" is from a line in John Milton's epic poem "Paradise Lost" that refers to the vengeful hand of God. The opening song on the album, "Song of Joy", states of a murderer: "It seems he has done many, many more, / quotes John Milton on the walls in the victim's blood. / The police are investigating at tremendous cost. / In my house he wrote 'his red right hand'. / That, I'm told, is from "Paradise Lost"."
The aforementioned appearance in "Paradise Lost" (Book II, 170-174) is: "What if the breath that kindled those grim fires, / Awaked, should blow them into sevenfold rage, / And plunge us in the flames; or from above / Should intermitted vengeance arm again / His red right hand to plague us?".
The term itself appears to be Milton's translation of the term "rubente dextra" in Horace's "Ode i.2,2"
In popular culture.
The song has appeared in several films and TV shows, such as "Dumb and Dumber", "Box of Moonlight", "Hellboy", "", "Peaky Blinders" and "The X-Files" television series, whose producer Chris Carter explained in the liner notes for the compilation album "Songs in the Key of X" that the song was the direct inspiration for the anthology. 
It has also been used in the first three films in the "Scream" trilogy. The original version is featured on the soundtrack album for the first film while a remixed version by DJ Spooky appears on the "Scream 2" album, and has since been accepted by many fans as the official theme song to the "Scream" series .
The song is the main theme of the 2004 Russian film "Boginya: Kak Ya Polyubil" ("The Goddess: How I Fell in Love").
Another version, sometimes referred to as "Red Right Hand 2", was recorded by Nick Cave for "Scream 3" and released on Cave's "B-Sides & Rarities" album; composer Marco Beltrami also incorporates elements from the song into a track in his score for the third film. The song also appears on the soundtrack for the film "Hellboy" in a cover version by Pete Yorn.
The song was also used in promos for UK TV show Hollyoaks during 'Fire Week' in 2010 featuring some of the main cast in a restaurant which sets on fire.
As of June 2013, the song is featured in the Barossa Valley television commercial on Australian television.
In September 2013, the song was used as the opening and closing music to "Peaky Blinders"

</doc>
<doc id="9858211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858211" title="Sinema">
Sinema

"For the Arizona politician, please see Kyrsten Sinema"
Sinema is a concert DVD by the Dallas-based American heavy metal group Drowning Pool. It was released in 2002, and contained more than 2-and-a-half hours of concert footage, including their appearances at the 2001 and 2002 Ozzfest summer music festivals. The DVD title is a word play in correspondence with the name of Drowning Pool's debut album "Sinner". The sales from "Sinema" fulfilled Dave Williams' dream to create a house for his parents, as he promised before his death that he would build one when he had the money.

</doc>
<doc id="9858212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858212" title="Louise Richardson">
Louise Richardson

Louise Richardson FRSE (born 8 June 1958, Tramore, County Waterford) is a political scientist whose specialist field is the study of terrorism. Currently the Principal and Vice Chancellor of the University of St Andrews, she was formerly employed at Harvard University where she served as executive dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.
Education.
After attending St Angela's Secondary School, Ursuline Convent, Waterford, Richardson studied at Trinity College, Dublin where she received a BA and MA in History. She also holds an MA degree from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and an MA (1984) and PhD (1989) from Harvard University. She was awarded the Sumner Prize for the best doctoral dissertation "dealing with any means or measures tending towards the prevention of war and the establishment of universal peace."
Career.
From 1981 to 2001 Richardson served as an assistant professor and then an associate professor in the Harvard Government Department, teaching courses on international relations – especially in areas of terrorism, international security and American and comparative foreign policy. During this period she also served for eight years as Head Tutor and Chair of the Board of Tutors (Director of Undergraduate Studies) in the Government Department. She served in numerous other administrative capacities at Harvard University, including the Faculty Council and various committees concerned with undergraduate education, the status of women, and human rights. In July 2001, she was appointed executive dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.
Richardson's academic focus has been on international security with an emphasis on terrorist movements. She taught Harvard’s large undergraduate lecture course, Terrorist Movements in International Relations, for which she won the Levenson Prize, awarded by the undergraduate student body to the best teachers at the University. This class, along with a number of graduate courses on terrorist movements and European terrorism, were for many years the only courses offered on the subject at Harvard. In addition to the Levenson Prize, Professor Richardson has received teaching awards from the American Political Science Association and Pi Sigma Alpha for outstanding teaching in political science; the Abramson Award in recognition of her ‘excellence and sensitivity in teaching undergraduates’ and many awards from the Bok Center for Teaching Excellence. After her 2001 Radcliffe appointment, she continued to teach, both at Harvard College and Harvard Law School.
In 2009, Richardson was appointed Principal of the University of St Andrews, succeeding Brian Lang. Her installation took place on 25 March 2009. She is the first woman, as well as the first Roman Catholic in modern times, to occupy the position. She was appointed Professor of International Relations at St Andrews in November 2010.
Academic work.
Richardson is the author of "What Terrorists Want", an account of terrorism written after the 9/11 attacks. Other publications include "When Allies Differ: Anglo-American Relations in the Suez and Falkland Crises", "The Roots of Terrorism" (ed) and "Democracy and Counterterrorism: Lessons from the Past" (co-edited with Robert Art). She has also published many journal articles, book chapters, and reviews on the subject of terrorism.
Over the past decade, in addition to her teaching and management roles, Richardson has given over 300 talks and lectures on terrorism and counter-terrorism to educational and private groups as well as policy makers, the military, intelligence, and business communities. She has testified before the United States Senate and has appeared on CNN, the BBC, PBS, NPR, Fox and a host of other broadcast outlets. Her work has been featured in numerous international periodicals.
Richardson was elected to the fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9858224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858224" title="Heartcore Clothing">
Heartcore Clothing

Heartcore Clothing is a company based in Tampa, Florida in the United States. They have sponsored the bands Aiden, Hawthorne Heights, Gym Class Heroes, Atreyu, Anberlin, Silverstein. The Audition, From First To Last, Halifax, Karate High School, The Matches, and more.
The company was started in February 2004 by graphic designer Jimmy Breen (aka Jimmy Heartcore) as a creative outlet, and has featured different designs and items since its inception.
Their clothing pieces are often influenced by popular 1980s culture and graphics including bright and neon colors, contemporary pop-art, the bleeding heart, and rock poster art.

</doc>
<doc id="9858227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858227" title="Cantonal bank">
Cantonal bank

Cantonal banks ("German: Kantonalbank, French: banque cantonale, Italian: banca cantonale)" are Swiss government-owned commercial banks, which are provided by the canton in which they are based with a guarantee for the assets held there. Currently they are in the process of being partially privatised. The cantonal banks are organised and regulated by the Association of Swiss Cantonal Banks, with its office in Basel. As a group, the cantonal banks account for about 30% of the banking sector in Switzerland, with a network of over 800 branches and 16 000 employees in Switzerland. 
There are 24 cantonal banks, one in each canton of the country, except for the cantons of Appenzell Ausserrhoden, which sold its bank to banking rival UBS, and Solothurn, which privatised its bank in 1995 after a scandal. Each bank uses a distinctive motif as the logo, with a cantonal colour on white used as the colours of the bank, e.g. light blue for Zürcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonal Bank). Despite appearances, cantonal banks are not small private banks: in fact two of them, Zürcher Kantonalbank and Banque Cantonale Vaudoise, are the third and fourth biggest banks in Switzerland (after UBS AG and Credit Suisse).

</doc>
<doc id="9858235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858235" title="Thunder in the Mountains">
Thunder in the Mountains

"Thunder in the Mountains" is the eighth UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1981. 
The single, which was not included on an album at the time, continued the success of previous hits. It reached number four in the UK Singles Chart and was again backed by an appearance on "Top of the Pops" plus a memorable video directed by Godley & Creme.
Both sides of this single, and the 12" exclusive b-side "Voodoo Doll", were eventually included on several CD releases, "Thunder in the Mountains" and "Voodoo Doll" on the 1999 reissue of "The Changeling", "Street Addict" on the 2002 reissue of "Sheep Farming In Barnet/The Blue Meaning" and they all also feature on the 2005 compilation "". The single also became the most collectible Toyah release to date, with several variations available.
Track listing.
7" vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 38
Catalogue Number: SAFE P38 (Picture disc)
Available in a card or paper sleeve.
12" vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE L38
12" Picture disc vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE LP38
This edition housed the 7" Picture Disc in a 12" transparent vinyl record, and is one of the rarest Toyah collectibles available to date.
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides of all releases ran at 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9858248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858248" title="Seeburg">
Seeburg

Seeburg may refer to the following places:
Seeburg may also refer to the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="9858250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858250" title="STRA6">
STRA6

Introduction.
"Stimulated by retinoic acid 6," or STRA6, is an integral polyprotic, transmembrane protein that stems from a large group of stimulated by retinoic acid genes. STRA6 is unique as it functions both as a membrane transporter and a cell surface receptor, particularly as a cytokine receptor. In fact, STRA6 may be the first of a whole new class of proteins that might be known as "cytokine signaling transporters." STRA6 is primarily known as the receptor for retinol binding protein and for its relevance in the transport of retinol to specific sites such as the eye (Vitamin A). It does this through the removal of retinol (ROH) from the holo-Retinol Binding Protein (RBP) and transports it into the cell to be metabolized into retinoids and/or kept as a retinylester. As a receptor, after holo-RBP is bound, STRA6 activates the JAK/STAT pathway, resulting in the activation of transcription factor, STAT5. These two functions—retinol transporter and cytokine receptor—while using different pathways, are processes that depend on each other.
Mechanism of Action.
General Summary.
In the first step, the RBP-ROH complex binds to the extracellular portion of STRA6. This facilitates the release of retinol through the transporter. ROH is then transferred to the retinol binding protein, CRBP-I, an intercellular acceptor of retinol attached to the CRBP Binding Loop (or CBL) on STRA6. This transport of ROH, in turn, activates JAK2, thereby phosphorylating STRA6 at the Y643 (tyrosine) residue. This phosphorylation enables the extension of the CBL further into the cell. Holo-CRBP-I, that is CRBP-I bound with retinol, leaves the CBL and is replaced by apo-CRBP-I (unbound). Holo-CRBP-I will continue to the Endoplasmic Reticulum (ER) where lecithin:retionl acyltransferase (LRAT) is bound. ROH is released to LRAT which will convert retinol into retinylesters. Following the release of holo-CRBP-I from intercellular STRA6, STAT5 is recruited to STRA6 phosphorylated Y643 region where it is then phosphorylated by JAK2. This phosphorylation activates STAT5 which then makes its way to the nucleus to induce expression of target genes including suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3), a strong inhibitor of insulin signaling.
Interdependency of "Cytokine Signaling Transporter" Functions.
Research has demonstrated that overexpression of CRBP-I increases the ability of RBP-ROH complex to phosphorylate STRA6 and, later, JAK2 and STAT5. Suppressing CRBP-I, on the other hand, led to decreased ability of RBP-ROH complex to phosphorylate STRA6 and signaling components. Similarly, reducing the expression of LRAT also decreased the ability of RBP-ROH complex to phosphorylate JAK2 and STAT5. Therefore, both CRBP-I and LRAT are necessary for the STRA6 signaling cascade upon the binding and transport of retinol. Interestingly enough, JAK2 is also conversely responsible for the activation of STRA6, after which apo-CRBP-I is recruited to the intercellular CBL of STRA6 and vitamin A might be transferred by the receptor to CRBP-I. Thus, both STRA6 signaling and STRA6 transport of vitamin A are dependent upon each other. Uptake of retinol is required for STRA6 signaling and JAK2 activation of STRA6 is necessary for retinol uptake.
Clinical Relevance.
STRA6 can be found at high levels in various tissues including: the choroid plexus, the brain microvascular, tesis, the spleen, kidney, eye, the placenta, and the female reproductive tract. However, it is surprisingly not found in liver tissue where Vitamin A (retinol) is primarily stored. Because of its importance in Vitamin A transport, STRA6 mutations are more commonly associated with problems with eye such as a reduction in retinal thickness and shortening of the inner and outer segments of rod photoreceptors. Therefore, as might be expected, STRA6 mutations result in a number of different abnormalities of the eye such as Microphthalmia, Anophthalmia, and Coloboma.
However, STRA6 is clearly vital for more than just eye development as it is expressed in many different tissues detailed above. Other disorders that result from STRA6 mutations include pulmonary dysgenesis, cardiac malformations, and mental retardation. In fact, research has shown that homozygous mutations in human STRA6 gene can lead to Matthew-Wood syndrome, which is a combination of all the mentioned disorders. In this respect, STRA6 mutations can be particularly fatal during the embryonic stage.
STRA6 has also been associated with facilitating insulin resistance. This is because STRA6 signaling results in activation of transcription factor STAT5 target genes. One of these target genes is a suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3) which is a strong inhibitor of insulin signaling. As a result, STRA6 signaling suppresses the response to insulin by inhibiting the phosphorylation of the insulin receptor, IR, by an influx of insulin. In other words, increased levels of the RBP in obese animals (which will increase STRA6 activity) can facilitate insulin resistance. Due to this close relationship between STRA6 and insulin resistance, it has been demonstrated that single nucleotide polymorphisms in STRA6 are associated with Type 2 Diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="9858253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858253" title="Trench Cup">
Trench Cup

The Trench Cup is the Second Division Gaelic Football Championship trophy for Third Level Education Colleges, Institutes of Technology and Universities in Ireland and England. The Trench Cup Championship is administered by Comhairle Ard Oideachais, the Gaelic Athletic Association's Higher Education Council which oversees Third-Level GAA championships. The CAO also controls the Sigerson Cup (Division 1) and Corn na Mac Léinn (Division 3) football championships, and the Fitzgibbon Cup (the hurling equivalent of the Sigerson Cup).
History.
In 1975 moves were made by non-university colleges to set-up their own knock-out Gaelic Football Championship tournament as a consequence of being shut out of the Sigerson Cup Championship. The initiative came from St. Joseph's Training College, Belfast. The concept of the Trench Cup was proposed by Pat Blake, Comhairle Ard Oideachais Chairman (1978–1983), and Peter McGinnity (later a Fermanagh All-Star) as a knock-out competition for all higher education colleges not in the Sigerson Cup tournament. Pat Blake purchased a trophy costing £80 sterling at Tommy Lennon's Jewellers, Smithfield Market, Belfast. The trophy was named 'The Trench Cup' after Trench House, St Joseph's Training College, Belfast.
The competition first came into existence in the 1975/76 season. The inaugural final was played between St Joseph's T.C., Belfast and the National College of Physical Education, Limerick at Croke Park. NCPE became the inaugural champions. In the 1980s the Sigerson championship was opened up to allow an increasing number of Universities, Regional Technical Colleges and Institutes of Higher Education to participate on the basis of their league success. Subsequently the Trench Cup became the second tier competition for the third-level institutions which were not in the Sigerson championship.
The 2013 Trench Cup winner is the Institute of Technology Blanchardstown who defeated St Patrick's-Mater Dei at Athlone IT on 23 February. Sligo IT has won the Trench Cup the most times, a total of five wins which were in 1981, 1985, 1986, 1990, 1991. The highest winning margin ever is that of Thomond College, Limerick over Sligo RTC of 16 points in 1977, while the largest margin in the 21st century is that of Trinity College Dublin over Hope University, Liverpool of 10 points in 2012. The joint highest individual points scorers in any Trench Cup final are D. Duggan of Garda College in 1993 10 points and Seán O'Sullivan of Limerick IT in 1999 10 points. The championship is currently sponsored by the Irish Daily Mail The Trench Cup was previously sponsored by Bus Éireann [1998-2002, Datapac and Ulster Bank [2007-2011.
Roll of Honour.
Colleges by Wins.
Finalists who have not won the Trench Cup:
Man of The Match Awardees.
The accolade of Man of the Match or Tournament is a recent innovation (1998). In the case of the early years of the Trench Cup, the highest scoring member of the team is designated.

</doc>
<doc id="9858275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858275" title="Anita Strindberg">
Anita Strindberg

Anita Strindberg (born 29 May 1944) is a former Swedish actress who became one of the most well-known stars of the Italian "giallo" films in the 1970s.
Strindberg started her career in "gialli" with Lucio Fulci's "Una lucertola con la pelle di donna" ("A Lizard in a Woman's Skin") in 1971 and starred in her first lead role that same year, in Sergio Martino -directed "La coda dello scorpione" ("Case of the Scorpion's Tail"). In 1972, she starred in two more gialli; in Aldo Lado's "Chi l'ha vista morire?" ("Who Saw Her Die?") with George Lazenby and Martino's "Il tuo vizio è una stanza chiusa e solo io ne ho la chiave" ("Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key") with Luigi Pistilli and Edwige Fenech. 
After the early 1970s, Strindberg acted in many types of "genre films"; a women in prison film "Diario segreto da un carcere femminile" ("Women in Cell Block 7"), "The Exorcist"-like horror film "L'anticristo" ("The Antichrist") and a "poliziotteschi" film "" ("Almost Human"), directed by Umberto Lenzi. Her last film was Riccardo Freda's "Murder Obsession (Follia Omicida)", also known as "Fear" and co-starred by Laura Gemser.

</doc>
<doc id="9858280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858280" title="Adam Henry Robson">
Adam Henry Robson

Air Vice Marshal Adam Henry Robson CB, OBE, MC & Bar, PhD (3 August 1892 – 9 October 1980) was a senior officer of the Royal Air Force.
After being educated at Armstrong College, Newcastle (part of Durham University) he joined the Durham Light Infantry on the outbreak of the First World War and served until 1919, being thrice wounded and twice winning the Military Cross. Following demobilisation he worked for the county educational committee of Dorset for three years before joining the RAF Educational Service in 1923. He rose to become the Director of Educational Services for the RAF from 1944, during which time he was also a member of the executive committee for the National Institute of Adult Education and the National Foundation for Educational Research, as well as a member of the governing body of the School of Oriental and African Studies. He retired from these posts in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9858281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858281" title="Title Transfer Facility">
Title Transfer Facility

The Title Transfer Facility, more commonly known as TTF, is a virtual trading point for natural gas in the Netherlands. Set up by Gasunie in 2003, it is almost identical to the National Balancing Point (NBP) in the United Kingdom and allows gas to be traded within the Dutch network. The TTF is operated by an independent subsidiary of Gasunie, Gas Transport Services B.V.
Gas at TTF trades in euros per megawatt hour.

</doc>
<doc id="9858282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858282" title="Jung Baaz">
Jung Baaz

Jung Baaz is a Hindi movie directed by Mehul Kumar. The film features a huge starcast including, Govinda as Arjun Srivastav, Raaj Kumar as an advocate, Danny Denzongpa as Mahakal, Prem Chopra as Bahadur Singh, Shakti Kapoor as Numbridas, and Gulshan Grover as Rocky Verma.

</doc>
<doc id="9858292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858292" title="Adam Robson">
Adam Robson

Adam Robson, (16 August 1928, Hawick -15 March 2007 ) was a Scottish rugby union player, who played as a flanker.
He was capped twenty two times for between 1954-1960. He also played for Hawick RFC and Hawick Linden RFC.

</doc>
<doc id="9858299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858299" title="David Kakon">
David Kakon

David Kakon is a music producer based out of Montreal, Canada. His credits & collaborations include Jaffa, Café del Mar, Osunlade, Cirque Du Soleil, Verve Remixed, Fila Brazillia, Herbaliser, Masters at Work. Film & television credits include "The Sopranos", "Las Vegas", "The Business", "Webdreams", and "Prom Wars". His recording debut, "Elevator", was released under the moniker Jaffa in 2001. The muzak-inspired album, that he also produced, contains bits of hip-hop, soul, and jazz.
Jaffa recently released "Do It Again", a 5 song sampler in 2011 as an iTunes record. Jaffa's label website is http://www.davidemmanuel.com
References.
Jaffa's label website is http://www.davidemmanuel.com

</doc>
<doc id="9858315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858315" title="Bahraini King's Cup">
Bahraini King's Cup

The Bahraini King's Cup is Bahrain's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer). 
The national cup has had many different names over the years. Emir Cup (1952-59 & 1978-2002), Federation Cup (1960–77) and King's Cup (2003–present).
Previous winners.
Previous winners are: 
"unknown winner between 1955 and 1957"

</doc>
<doc id="9858318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858318" title="Pablo Bardauil">
Pablo Bardauil

Pablo Bardauil (born December 23, 1963) is a film actor, director, and screenplay writer.
He was born in Buenos Aires and works in the cinema of Argentina. His directorial debut, "Chile 672", earned him awards for Best Screenplay from the Cine Ceará (Brazil) and the Trieste Festival of Latin American Cinema (Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="9858320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858320" title="Kyle Turris">
Kyle Turris

Kyle Turris (born August 14, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently a member of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected third overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft by the Phoenix Coyotes.
Playing career.
Early career.
As a 16-year-old in the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL), Turris scored 72 points in 57 games for the Burnaby Express in 2005–06 and was awarded the Bruce Allison Memorial Trophy for the Coastal Conference as rookie of the year. The following year, he finished second in league scoring with 121 points and was named the Coastal Conference's Most Valuable Player. Adding 26 points in 14 games, Turris led the Express to the BCHL championship, advancing to the 2006 Royal Bank Cup, Canada's national Junior A championship. He scored a hat trick in the final game against the Yorkton Terriers of the SJHL and led the tournament in scoring as the Express won the championship. 
Named the 2007 Canadian Junior A Player of the Year, he was ranked first overall among North American skaters by Central Scouting and third among all skaters by International Scouting Services for the upcoming draft. In the subsequent 2007 NHL Entry Draft, he was drafted third overall by the Phoenix Coyotes, behind Patrick Kane and James van Riemsdyk. Turris stands as the highest ever drafted Tier II Junior "A" player since the level's inception by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association in 1970.
Turris had the option of playing major junior rather than Junior A, as his WHL rights were held by the Vancouver Giants, but he opted to stay with the Express so that he could play collegiate hockey in the U.S. once eligible. Accordingly, Turris joined the Wisconsin Badgers of the NCAA's Western Collegiate Hockey Association in 2007–08 and recorded a team-high 35 points in 36 games. While at the University of Wisconsin, Turris' roommate was Ryan McDonagh, who went on to play with the New York Rangers.
Phoenix Coyotes.
After Turris's season in Wisconsin ended, he signed an entry level contract with the Phoenix Coyotes on March 31, 2008, and joined the team for their final three games of the season. He made his NHL debut on April 3 against the Dallas Stars and recorded his first point, an assist, in his third game on April 6 against the Anaheim Ducks.
Starting 2008–09 with the Coyotes the following season, Turris scored his first NHL goal on October 12, 2008, digging a rebound out from under goaltender Jean-Sébastien Giguère's pad in a 4-2 win against the Anaheim Ducks.
After becoming a restricted free agent on July 1, 2011, failed contract negotiations with the Coyotes resulted in Turris holding out for the start of the 2011–12 season. With Turris absent from Phoenix's training camp, ESPN reported in September 2011 that Turris had requested a US$3–4 million salary. His demands caused speculation in the media that he wanted to be traded from the team. By late-October, a month into the season, Turris' agent, Kurt Overhardt, confirmed that the player had requested a trade, asserting that contract negotiations had "never been about money".
Turris agreed to a two-year, $2.8 million contract with the Coyotes on November 22, 2011.
Ottawa Senators.
On December 17, 2011, Turris was traded to the Ottawa Senators for David Rundblad and a second round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. He registered an assist in his first game with Ottawa, a 4-1 victory over the Buffalo Sabres on December 20, 2011. On April 18, 2012, Turris scored 2 minutes into the first overtime period, earning the Senators a come-from-behind 3-2 victory over the New York Rangers, as well as their first home playoff win since game 3 of the 2007 Stanley Cup finals vs the Anaheim Ducks. After establishing new career highs in goals (12), assists (17), and points (29) in his first season in Ottawa, Turris agreed to a five-year, $17.5 million contract extension with the club in late August, 2012.
International play.
In the 2005 World U-17 Hockey Challenge Turris earned a silver medal playing for Canada Pacific. The following year, he received gold with Team Canada at the 2006 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament 
Early in his second season in the BCHL, Turris competed in the inaugural 2006 World Junior A Challenge, an international Junior A tournament. Playing with Canada West, he led the tournament in scoring and was named tournament MVP as Canada West won the gold medal over Canada East. At the end of the 2006-07 season, he competed in the 2007 IIHF World U18 Championships, although Team Canada failed to medal.
Several months later, Turris played in the 2007 Super Series, an eight-game challenge series between Russia and Canada's national under-20 teams. He led the series in goal scoring with 7 as Canada won the series 7-0-1. In the eighth and final game, held in his hometown of Vancouver, Turris scored 2 goals and was named the game MVP.
In 2008, Turris led Team Canada in scoring at the World Junior Championships in the Czech Republic en route to a gold medal.
Personal life.
Turris was born to Bruce and Vikky Turris in New Westminster, British Columbia. Bruce Turris is a retired lacrosse player, inducted into the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame as a former member of the Western Lacrosse Association's Vancouver Burrards. 
He graduated high school from St. Thomas More Collegiate in Burnaby, British Columbia. Growing up, he excelled in numerous sports. He was a member of the junior New Westminster Salmonbellies lacrosse team and also played the position of quarterback for three years before focusing on hockey full-time.
Turris lists Steve Yzerman as his favorite hockey player growing up, and Jack Johnson and Kings of Leon as his favorite music.
Career statistics.
"Please note: The 2005–06 playoff statistics include the BCHL playoffs Doyle Cup series [http://www.esportsdesk.com/leagues/stats_hockey.cfm?leagueID=6616&clientID=2668, and Royal Bank Cup 2006 [http://www.leaguestat.com/hockeycanada/u17/en/stats/player.php?id=8865]."

</doc>
<doc id="9858356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858356" title="Place des Martyrs, Luxembourg">
Place des Martyrs, Luxembourg

The Place des Martyrs is a garden square in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. The square lies to the south of the Pétrusse valley, in the quarter of Gare. It is colloquially known as the Rose Garden (), on account of the red roses that dominate the garden's floriculture.
Along its north-eastern side runs the Avenue de la Liberté, one of Luxembourg City's main thoroughfares. To the south-west runs the "Rue Sainte-Zithe", whilst the "Rue du Plébiscite" and the "Rue de la Grève" make up the south-east and north-west sides of the square respectively. The headquarters of ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steelmaker, are located on the Place des Martyrs, across the Avenue de la Liberté.
The square was laid out in the 1920s, after the German occupation of the First World War. Through the square run three radial paths, meeting at a point in front of the Arcelor headquarters, where a work by the British sculptor Henry Moore, depicting a mother and child, provides a focus.

</doc>
<doc id="9858359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858359" title="Sphinx/For You">
Sphinx/For You

"Sphinx/For You" is a promotional single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was given away free with Flexipop Magazine in late 1981. Both tracks were recorded in the recording sessions for the "Anthem" album and produced by Nick Tauber.
Neither track on the release was issued on "Anthem", though the popularity of "Sphinx" meant it found its way onto the 1984 compilation "Toyah! Toyah! Toyah!". "For You" was eventually included on the 1999 reissue of Anthem. "Sphinx" was included on the 2002 release of "Sheep Farming In Barnet/The Blue Meaning" as a bonus track as well as on the compilation album "Proud, Loud & Heard - The Best Of Toyah".
Track listing.
7" Flexidisc.
Catalogue Number: Flexipop 008
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
This one sided single ran at 33RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9858365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858365" title="Place des Martyrs">
Place des Martyrs

Place des Martyrs (French for "Martyrs' Square") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9858378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858378" title="Matthew Kennard">
Matthew Kennard

Matthew Kennard is a British journalist who has previously written for the "Leeds Student", "Daily Bruin", "Bulb" magazine, "New Statesman", "The Guardian" and the "Financial Times". He made headlines when as a student journalist he accused Leeds University lecturer Frank Ellis of racism and was interviewed by the Today programme on BBC Radio 4. He has interviewed Claire Short, Richard Dawkins, Noam Chomsky, Tony Benn, Norman Finkelstein and Damon Albarn as well as many other prominent scientists, journalists, politicians and musicians.
Kennard also broke the story in the "Daily Bruin" of the Harvard professor Alan Dershowitz’s attempts to suppress the publication of "Beyond Chutzpah" (Norman Finkelstein) by the University of California Press. Dershowitz accused him of being a 'liar' in print, this story was subsequently picked up in national newspapers in Britain and America.
He is the author of "Irregular Army: How the US Military Recruited Neo-Nazis, Gang Members, and Criminals to Fight the War on Terror" published by Verso Books.
His father is artist Peter Kennard.
Personal views on free market economic system.
Kennard's writings in the "Comment Factory", the "Nation", and his "Guardian" blog indicate that he is a strong proponent of democratic socialism. He describes the free market economic system as one that "creates obscene inequalities and mass starvation." [http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/mar/08/bolivia-evo-morales-election)]

</doc>
<doc id="9858379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858379" title="Johan Larsson (musician)">
Johan Larsson (musician)

Johan Larsson is a European, former musician and specifically ex-bassist of the Swedish bands In Flames, which he did occasional backing vocals as well, being a member from 1993 until 1997; he was also the original member of HammerFall from 1993-1994, quitting before the band released any material and member of Purgamentum, also providing vocals. He was also the guitarists of the bands Powerpig and Carnal Grief from 1997-1999. He is currently the vocalist of the band Carrion Carnage, but the band is on hiatus. 

</doc>
<doc id="9858382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858382" title="Book of Steps">
Book of Steps

The Book of Steps (, ""; also known by the Latin name "Liber Graduum") is an anonymous Syriac treatise on spiritual direction, probably written in the late fourth century AD (or possibly early fifth century). The author appears to be living in the Persian Empire, perhaps somewhere near the Great Zab, as it is mentioned, and addresses the author's own Christian community. The Book of Steps is divided into thirty chapters, or "discourses" (, "mêmrê"). The very first discourse, and subsequent ones (especially number 14), divides the community into two groups. One group is called the "perfect" (, "gmîrê"), to whom the stricter "major commandments" apply. The other group is called the "upright" (, "kênê"), who seem to comprise the remainder of the community, to whom only "lesser commandments" (which are described as "spiritual milk" to the "solid food" of the major commandments — Hebrews ) apply. The lesser commandments are outworkings of the Golden Rule (Matthew and Luke ), and represent a life devoted to charity. On the other hand, the 'perfect' are expected to renounce family, marriage and property so as to receive baptism of fire and Spirit. This division of the community echoes a similar division in Manichaeism. The teaching of the Book of Steps has been described as Messalian by some scholars (including Kmoskó the editor of the critical Syriac edition). However, Brock has demonstrated that the Book of Steps' emphasis on the structure of the "visible church" (particularly strong in discourse 12) shows that its doctrine is quite removed from Messalianism. An English translation of the entirety of the Book of Steps by Kitchen and Parmentier has recently been published.
The headings of the thirty chapters, or discourses, are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9858385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858385" title="Retinol binding protein 4">
Retinol binding protein 4

Retinol binding protein 4, plasma, also known as RBP4, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "RBP4" gene.
Function.
This protein belongs to the lipocalin family and is the specific carrier for retinol (vitamin A alcohol) in the blood. It delivers retinol from the liver stores to the peripheral tissues. In plasma, the RBP-retinol complex interacts with transthyretin, which prevents its loss by filtration through the kidney glomeruli. A deficiency of vitamin A blocks secretion of the binding protein posttranslationally and results in defective delivery and supply to the epidermal cells.
Clinical significance.
Retinol-binding protein 4 has recently been described as an adipokine that contributes to insulin resistance in the AG4KO mouse model. It is secreted by adipocytes, and can act as a signal to other cells, when there is a decrease in plasma glucose concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="9858395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858395" title="Burleigh F. Spalding">
Burleigh F. Spalding

Burleigh Folsom Spalding (December 3, 1853 – March 17, 1934) was a United States Representative from North Dakota. He was born on a farm near Craftsbury, Vermont. He attended the Lyndon Literary Institute in Lyndon, Vermont and was graduated from Norwich University, Northfield, Vermont in 1877. He studied law in Montpelier, Vermont and was admitted to the bar in 1880 and commenced practice in Fargo, North Dakota. In 1882–1884, he was superintendent of public instruction of Cass County, North Dakota.
Spalding was a member of the commission to relocate the capital of the Territory of Dakota and build the capitol in 1883 and a member of the North Dakota constitutional convention in 1889. He was the chairman of the Republican State central committee of North Dakota 1892–1894 and of the Cass County Republican committee 1896–1898. He was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1901) and did not seek renomination in 1900. He was elected to the Fifty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1903 – March 3, 1905) and was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1904. He was appointed in 1907 and elected in 1908 an associate justice of the North Dakota Supreme Court and became chief justice in 1911 and served until 1915 after which he resumed the practice of law in Fargo, North Dakota in 1915. He served as a delegate to most Republican Territorial and State conventions 1888–1933 and as a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1924. He died in Fargo, North Dakota in 1934 and was buried in Riverside Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9858398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858398" title="Diego de los Ríos">
Diego de los Ríos

Diego de los Ríos y Nicolau (9 April 1850 - 4 November 1911) was the last Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines.
Governor-General of the Philippines.
Government in Iloilo.
He became the governor during the Spanish American War with the capital at Iloilo on August 13, 1898.
Desiring to save the Visayas and Mindanao from the fate that had befallen Luzon, de los Rios asked Spain to grant some reforms demanded by representative citizens of Iloilo. He issued in Iloilo a proclamation to the people of the Visayas calling on them to establish a "Council of Reforms" to be made up of 24 leading citizens, 12 of whom would be selected by popular vote and another 12 to be appointed by the governor-general himself.
The granted reforms, however, satisfied only a few ilustrado leaders. The revolution in Iloilo is heated up. As agreed upon by the Ilonggo leaders, the general uprising against the Spanish authorities in Panay, particularly in Iloilo, took place on October 28, 1898. On that day onward, the interior towns of the province were liberated from Spanish control. By the first week of November, only Jaro, Molo and Iloilo remained in the hands of the Spaniards. On November 21, Jaro was delivered by the Spanish government to the Ilonggos.
His term as governor-general effectively ended on December 10, 1898 when the Treaty of Paris was signed.
With the Spanish army being besieged by the revolutionary troops in the positions which they held in Iloilo and Molo, and being threatened by a decisive attack, the Spanish government under De los Rios eventually opened up negotiations with the Ilonggos. The outcome of the negotiations was the evacuation of Molo and Iloilo City by the Spanish troops and their subsequent surrender to the native forces under the command of Gen. Martin Delgado at Plaza Alfonso XII (now Plaza Libertad) on December 23, 1898.
He left Iloilo to transferred his capital to Real Fuerza de Nuestra Señora La Virgen del Pilar de Zaragoza in Zamboanga bringing with him the remnants of his colonial forces in the Visayas on the eve of the surrender of the Spanish forces in Visayas to the Ilonggo revolutionaries in December 24, 1898.
Government in Zamboanga.
The Govenror-General upon his arrival at Fort Pilar on December 24, 1898, immediately made preparations for the setting up of the last bastion of defense for Spanish sovereignty in the Philippines. He pulled out the colonial forces in Cotabato and Lanao and consolidated and concentrated them all at Fort Pilar. Unknowingly, General Vicente Alvarez with his revolutionary forces in Zamboanga is planning a full-scale attack against the fort.
Siege of Fort Pilar.
The Governor-General of Mindanao Island, General Jaramillo, transferred his command to General Montero, ex-governor of Cebu, and left for Manila with General Rios in Dec. 1898. On 23 May 1899, the Spanish departed for Manila aboard the s.s. "Leon XIII", General Montero succumbing along the way to a mortal wound he received in one of the rebel assaults.
In Manila.
General Diego de los Rios evacuated the Visayas Islands by bringing his troops to Manila in January 1899, before their departure to Spain. The general remained in Manila until 3 June 1899, trying to secure the release of Spanish prisoners from the rebels. General Nicola Jaramillo then took over negotiations.

</doc>
<doc id="9858399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858399" title="MSN Companion">
MSN Companion

The MSN Companion was a small-scale personal computer terminal that was designed for easy access to MSN services on the Internet, such as Hotmail, while still being cheap and easy to use. They were intended for use by people with little knowledge of computers or technology, and many included several features aimed at the elderly or disabled, such as easier-to-read monitors. The device was designed by Microsoft.
History.
The device was first unveiled at the COMDEX conference in November 1999, where it was first described as a 'MSN-based Web companion'. In June 2000, Vestel USA Inc, Compaq and eMachines began working with Microsoft to create the first MSN Companions. Mock-ups of RCA, Acer and Inventec Companions were also seen.
While the MSN Companion was initially received with praise, it did not perform successfully in the market and Microsoft and MSN stopped providing support for Companions in October 2003.
Early Companion models.
All MSN Companions ran an early version of Microsoft Windows CE, and were shipped with Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0. However, the hardware provided by each manufacturer was significantly different, with some companies choosing to use a wireless keyboard over a wired one.
The Vestel package included a 15-inch monitor (or a 10-inch LCD monitor) and a PS/2 keyboard with a touchpad. The device itself had 32MB (+16MB flash) of memory, a 200 MHz Geode processor, two USB ports, a phone jack, and a parallel port.
The eMachines package was similar, offering a 17 or 19-inch monitor instead of an LCD one and an 'eBoard' keyboard and standalone mouse.
The Compaq MSN Companion shipped with an LCD screen and a wireless keyboard with a mouse built-in. Compaq machines had 32MB (+16MB flash) of memory, a 266 MHz AMD processor, four USB ports, a phone jack, and, in some models, an ethernet port for networking.

</doc>
<doc id="9858411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858411" title="Sophie Hagman">
Sophie Hagman

Sophie Hagman née "Anna Stina Hagman" or "Anna Sophia Hagman", (31 December 1758 in Eskilstuna, Södermanland, Sweden – 6 May 1826 in Stockholm, Sweden), was a Swedish ballet dancer. She was the official royal mistress to Prince Frederick Adolf of Sweden from 1778 to 1793.
Background.
Information about her background is not entirely confirmed Sophie Hagman was likely the daughter of a gamekeeper and former member of the Södermanland regiment. In 1780, Prince Frederick expressed his intention to do something for the soldier Lars Hagman from Strängnäs, who was active in the Södermanland regiment and previously unknown to him, probably because he was the brother of Sophie Hagman, and it was the custom for soldiers to serve in the same regiment as their fathers
At some point, Hagman was employed to look after the children to Louis Gallodier, dance master of the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm. She was then the maid to the lady-in-waiting Baroness Virginia Manderström and later served as the maid to countess Hedvig Catharina Piper. During her employment with Piper, according to courtier count Lars von Engeström, she was "a little girl, and everyone laughed at her because she was in love with Duke Frederik." She ended her employment at Piper and entered in to a relationship with a young merchant, and brewer, who supported her financially and paid for her education at a sewing school. The Austrian ambassador to Sweden, count Joseph Kaunitz, offered money to both Hagman herself and to her lover to have her for himself, but both her lover and Hagman herself refused because they were mutually in love with each other and because "the brewer was more of a beautiful man than the count." The relationship ended because the man died, and Hagman was forced to end her education to a seamstress. The dates for these events are not clear.
From 1775, Sophie Hagman had a position as a dancer in the Royal Ballet. She never became very known as a ballet dancer and was said to have been more noted for her appearance than her talent; in 1776, she is briefly mentioned as one of the shepherdesses in a ballet. In 1778, Prince Frederick Adolf noticed her during her performance as a page boy, and after having seduced her, he became genuinely in love with her.
Introduction at court.
After becoming the mistress of Prince Frederick Adolf, Sophie Hagman was said to have studied French and etiquette. She was also given the name Sophie instead of the more common Anna Stina. The 2 January 1780, she was presented at the royal court at Gripsholm Castle as the official lover of Frederick Adolf by permission of king Gustav III of Sweden. It is likely that Gustav III gave his permission because of his admiration for the French court, where official mistresses was common. The informal presentation was unique, attracted a lot of attention and is related in most details by courtier Gustaf Johan Ehrensvärd:
Duke Frederick had negotiated for permission from His Majesty to present Mamsell Hagman for the Crown Prince. His Majesty duly agreed to this, as it seemed, starting point for future privileges for her. Everything must happen according to a certain pattern at court. So did this. The Duke had instructed Count Leijonstedt to escort her from his apartments to that of the Crown Prince, where they Duke was already present, and announced to Countess Rosen that he had been given the permission of His Majesty to have her presented to the Crown Prince. When Leijonstedt announced himself as the escort of this beauty, the Duke himself left the room, received her and escorted her in to the room of the Crown Prince, stepped forward and performed a presentation. Mamsell Hagman kissed his hand and started to converse the ladies, to whom she was also presented. Her conversation was relaxed and pleasant; she displayed much modesty and respect but no shyness or submission. The Duke did not sit, making it necessary for the ladies to remain standing, so that his Mamsell would not have to remain the only one standing. It would not have been possible for her to sit down in the presence of the Crown Prince. Countess Rosen, who noticed this, asked the Duke to sit, but he pretended not to hear, continued his conversation, and after the visit had passed one half hour, both the Duke and the beauty retired, satisfied and full of relief over this first step. The ladies of the Crown Prince, initially somewhat scandalised over this visit, soon found themselves content and spoke much to the advantage of Mamsell Hagman. The Duke had since long planned this and made himself the friend of all the ladies of the court.
To be presented for the female members of the court, was a sign that she was accepted, as it was socially acceptable to present a mistress for male nobles, but not for female ones.
Official mistress.
Sophie Hagman appeared openly with the prince at court, which together with Hedvig Taube made her one of only two official royal mistresses in the history of Sweden. She was called: "My little daughter-in-law" by the Queen Dowager and "Dearest Sister-in-law" by the king. The Poet Bellman called her an image of beauty: "Her entire being was a fest to my eyes", and the King once embraced her as a sister-in-law at Gripsholm Castle. The female courtiers was initially very snobby toward her, but Sophie Hagman understood how to make herself liked by most. Eventually, even Count Axel von Fersen the Elder, known as a strict moralist and highly disproving of all extramarital sexuality, acknowledges her quality and admitted that she had made a good impression on everyone. It was said that: "She differed from other royal mistresses in that she never abused her position by enriching herself".
In 1780, the relationship was temporarily broken because of Frederick Adolf's infatuation and marriage plans to Countess Margareta Lovisa Wrangel. Sophie Hagman was met with great sympathy at court because of the good impression she had made and because she was now without means to support herself, and Gustav III therefore promised her a pension. When the marriage negotiations with Wrangel failed and the Frederick Adolf lost interested in her in 1781, he returned to Hagman and resumed the relationship with her. She was to have explained to him that she could no longer love him after he had hurt her, and after this, Frederick Adolf was never known to have been unfaithfull to her.
Sophie Hagman was given rooms at the Royal Palace, Stockholm, and became the hostess at Tullgarn Palace, the private residence of Prince Frederick Adolf. Her relationship with the prince is described as a union of mutual love and happiness, and she never asked for any financial favours from him or from any other connections she made through him. Though she apparently never asked for anything, she was given many gifts without having asked for them. She was given three country estates by Frederick Adolf, a pension of 2.000 riksdaler by Gustav III to be paid annually as an insurance if her relationship to the prince was ever to end, and promised the title of Countess by Gustav III if she and Frederick Adolf was ever to have a son.
Sophie Hagman made a lasting impression of being unselfish. Count Adolf Ludvig Hamilton said about her: "It was impossible for anyone in her place to have been more noble" and described one episode in detail. At one occasion, the prince bought her an expensive Jewelry (a ring) on credit without paying for it, and the jeweler, who was in a difficult economic position, was waiting in the chamber of the prince day after day. Hagman noticed him, and when he described the situation, she said: "The prince are at present not in the possession of money, I can all too well live without this ornament, but not without your welfare," after which she returned the jewel to the jeweler in return for his promise to say nothing of the episode. Nevertheless, this story became well known and contributed to her good reputation.
In 1784, Axel von Fersen the Elder reported that Prince Frederick Adolf lived a quite private life with Sophie Hagman in a circle of close friends, and in 1786, Princess Hedvig Elisabeth Charlotte confirms that the prince isolated himself with Hagman at his estate, completely taken by her beauty. Sophie Hagman followed him to the royal palaces and to his official tasks.
About Sophie Hagman as the hostess of Tullgarn Palace she was described by Ehrensvärd: 
"Mamsell Hagman was quite like a lady of the court. Her conversation was relaxed and pleasant. She displayed modesty and respect but no shyness or submission. The ladies showed her utmost respect. The gentlemen counted themselves lucky if the gave them but a minute"; she handled her role as a hostess: "Not with the arrogant pride of a Princess, but with the natural politeness of the middle class. And such a hostess this was! The appearance of a Venus, the manners of a Juno, the virtues of a Hebe." 
The 20 February 1787, a baby girl was baptised to Sophia Fredrica with Frederick Adolf and Sophie Hagman as godparents. The other godparents was Count Adolf Piper, Count Carl Posse, the nobles Pehr Reinhold Tersmeden and Pehr Sparre and professor Schulzenheim. The records states that "The parents shall remain unrecorded", but she is believed to have been the daughter of Frederick Adolf and Sophie Hagman. There are no more information about Sophia Fredrica.
During the Russo-Swedish War (1788–1790), Frederick Adolf came in conflict with the King, refused to serve under his brother Charles and left the army in December 1788. Both Gustav III, Princess Hedvig Elisabeth Charlotte and Princess Sophie Albertine of Sweden recommended that they should ask for Hagman's intervention, but there are no mention whether they actually did. During the absence of Frederick Adolf in Finland during the war, Sophie Hagman was courted by Anders Hahr (1764–1845), "a handsome young landlord", and when Frederick Adolf returned, she was pregnant by Hahr. Both Sophie Hagman and Ander Hahr expressed themselves willing to marry each other, but the prince refused to end his relationship with her. Frederick Adolf later returned to the war. While leaving for his permission in 1789, Gustav III uttered: "I expect he has left to attend to his Hares." Despite the fact that Sophie Hagman was said to have been pregnant at several occasions, there are no information which confirms that she had any children.
Later life.
The relationship between Sophie Hagman and Frederick Adolf ended amiable in 1793, as it seems by mutual consent, after which they both had other relationships. Frederick Adolf replaced her with the actress Euphrosyne Löf, while Sophie Hagman entered into a relationship with the actor Edvard du Puy. The relationship with Du Puy was to have led to the birth of a child, though there are no information of a child. The relationship ended when Du Puy left on a trip for Germany, where she followed him only to be refused. Hagman visited Copenhagen in 1795 and a second time in the early 19th century. The second time she was in the company of Du Puy under the name "Mrs Hedengrahn". The first time, she was in the company of a "Mrs Jouffrouy", the wife of Prince Frederick Adolf's economy minister, and met the poet and bishop Franz Michael Franzén, who wrote a description of their encounter. He described her as still beautiful and worthy of respect for never having abused her influence over the Duke. At this point, she apparently had the responsibility of her brother's children, as she told Franzén that she contemplated to arrange a place for her nephew on an East India ship, but there are no more information of that. In 1796 and 1802, she made pleasure trips to Paris under the name "Madame Hedengrahn" in the company of Captain Carl Christian Ehrenhoff. In 1801, she apparently had plans to marry Ehrenhoff, but the plans were never affectuated. Sophie Hagman lived the last years of her life "admired for her still preserved beauty, her lovable, pleasant being and her good heart", and was a popular hostess, giving small balls and suppers for people such as the sculptor Johan Tobias Sergel. 
She spent the winters in Stockholm and her summers at the villa Lilla Kina near Drottningholm Palace. She lived with her sister, Elisabeth Bjurström, who was a widow after an officer, and her two nieces Sophie and Augusta Gustava and nephew Pehr.
After her relationship to Prince Frederick Adolf ended, Sophie Hagman lived on a royal pension. When Frederick Adolf died, she received a second pension from the state. These pensions was, among others granted from the royal house, exposed to critic from Baron Stael von Holstein on Riddarhuset in 1809. Sophie Hagman died in 1826 and willed her property to her sister's children and to her close friend Jeanette Stenström.

</doc>
<doc id="9858426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858426" title="American Neurological Association">
American Neurological Association

The American Neurological Association (ANA) is a professional society of academic neurologists and neuroscientists devoted to advancing the goals of academic neurology; to training and educating neurologists and other physicians in the neurologic sciences; and to expanding both our understanding of diseases of the nervous system and our ability to treat them. It was founded in June 1875.
Officers.
President: Eva L. Feldman, University of Michigan
President-Elect: Robert H. Brown Jr., University of Massachusetts
Vice-Presidents: Justin C. McArthur, Johns Hopkins University; Karl Kieburtz, University of Rochester
Secretary: Nina F. Schor, University of Rochester
Treasurer: Steven P. Ringel, University of Colorado
Councilors.
Allan I. Levey, Emory University; Kenneth L. Tyler, University of Colorado; Allison Brashear, Wake Forest University; Robert D. Brown Jr., Mayo Clinic; Henry J. Kaminski, George Washington University; Daniel H. Geschwind, UCLA; Amy R. Brooks-Kayal, University of Colorado; Barbara G. Vickrey, UCLA; Anthony J. Windebank, Mayo Clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="9858455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858455" title="Niigata Albirex BB">
Niigata Albirex BB

, formally Niigata Albirex Basketball, is a Japanese basketball club. It is based in Niigata City and plays its games chiefly in the Niigata City gym and Toki Messe.
Outline.
The club was founded in 1954 as the company team of Daiwa Securities, a Tokyo-based securities brokerage. In 1991, it joined the Japan Basketball League. In 2000, the company club was dissolved after NSG purchased it, and the club was moved before the 2000–2001 season to Niigata and renamed Albirex. 
In 2004, it joined the bj league along with five other clubs.
Roster.
"Season 2009-2010"
Season-by-season records.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="9858456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858456" title="Abortion in South Africa">
Abortion in South Africa

Abortion in South Africa was legal only under very limited circumstances until 1 February 1997, when the Choice on Termination of Pregnancy Act (Act 92 of 1996) came into force, providing abortion on demand for a variety of cases.
Legal position.
In South Africa, any woman of any age can get an abortion by simply requesting with no reasons given if she is less than 13 weeks pregnant. If she is between 13 and 20 weeks pregnant, she can get the abortion if (a) her own physical or mental health is at stake, (b) the baby will have severe mental or physical abnormalities, (c) she is pregnant because of incest, (d) she is pregnant because of rape, or (e) she is of the personal opinion that her economic or social situation is sufficient reason for the termination of pregnancy. If she is more than 20 weeks pregnant, she can get the abortion only if her or the fetus' life is in danger or there are likely to be serious birth defects.
A woman under the age of 18 will be advised to consult her parents, but she can decide not to inform or consult them if she so chooses. A woman who is married or in a life-partner relationship will be advised to consult her partner, but again she can decide not to inform or consult him/her. An exception is that if the woman is severely mentally ill or has been unconscious for a long time, consent of a life-partner, parent or legal guardian is required.
The Constitution does not explicitly mention abortion, but two sections of the Bill of Rights mention reproductive rights. Section 12(2)(a) states that, "Everyone has the right to bodily and psychological integrity, which includes the right [...] to make decisions concerning reproduction," while section 27(1)(a) states "Everyone has the right to have access to [...] health care services, including reproductive health care." In the case of "Christian Lawyers Association v Minister of Health" an anti-abortion organisation challenged the validity of the Choice on Termination of Pregnancy Act on the basis that it violated the right to life in section 11 of the Bill of Rights; the Transvaal Provincial Division of the High Court dismissed their argument, ruling that constitutional rights only apply to people and not to fetuses.
In general, only medical doctors may perform abortions. Nurses who have received special training may also perform abortions up to the 12th week of pregnancy. A medicine-induced abortion can be performed by any medical doctor at his premises up to 7 weeks from the first day of the last menstrual period. The usual method is a dose of an antiprogestin, followed by a dose of a prostaglandin analogue two days later.
Health workers are under no obligation to perform or take active part in an abortion if they do not wish to, however they are obligated by law to assist if it is required to save the life of the patient, even if the emergency is related to an abortion. A health worker who is approached by a woman for an abortion, may decline if they choose to do so, but are obligated by law to inform the woman of her rights and refer her to another health worker or facility where she can get the abortion.
Abortion can be had for free at certain state hospitals or clinics, although sometimes only if the woman is referred by a health worker. Most abortion centres will insist on providing pre- and post-abortion counselling, and the woman can legally demand it, but it is not a legal requirement that abortion centres provide it.
Statistics.
There has since the legalisation of abortion on demand been a decrease in deaths from backstreet abortions, but the number of deaths following abortions are still quite high according to statistics gathered in Gauteng province—5% of maternal deaths following childbirth are abortion related, and 57% of these are related to illegal abortions.
A recent study in Soweto showed the following: the rate of abortions for women older than 20 years decreased from 15,2% in 1999 to 13,2% in 2001, the rate for women aged 16–20 decreased from 21% to 14,9%, and the rate for women aged 13–16 decreased from 28% to 23%. In 2001, 27% of abortions were second-trimester.

</doc>
<doc id="9858460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858460" title="Intake ramp">
Intake ramp

An intake ramp is a rectangular, plate-like device within the air intake of a jet engine, designed to generate a shock wave to aid the inlet compression process at supersonic speeds. The ramp sits at an acute angle to deflect the intake air from the longitudinal direction. At supersonic flight speeds, the deflection of the air stream creates an oblique shock wave at the forward end of the ramp. Air crossing the shock wave suddenly slows to a lower Mach number, thus increasing pressure. However, shock waves are non-isentropic, so there is a reduction in total, or stagnation pressure relative to that of the free air stream. Although there are reflected oblique shock waves and a weak normal shock wave generated downstream, this form of intake is more efficient (i.e. higher total pressure recovery) than the equivalent pitot intake, particularly at high supersonic flight speeds.
Ideally, the oblique shock wave should intercept the air intake lip, thus avoiding air spillage and pre-entry drag on the outer boundary of the deflected streamtube. For a fixed geometry intake at zero incidence, this condition can only be achieved at one particular flight Mach number, because the angle of the shock wave (to the longitudinal direction) becomes more acute with increasing aircraft speed. 
Some supersonic intakes feature two or more ramps, operating in series, to generate multiple oblique shock waves. Each downstream ramp is steeper in inclination than the previous ramp. These intakes are usually more efficient than single (oblique) shock wave inlets.
For a fixed geometry it is feasible to use curved intakes without any shocks before the final normal shock.
Modern fighter jets (like the F-22 Raptor) have engines so powerful that top speed is not limited by them,
thus spillage at the intake is acceptable and a lightweight fixed geometry chosen. The nacelle has a round outer lip to defect spillage back into the longitudinal direction. The nacelle thus gets a very large cross section with more volume than needed for the engine
and in the F-22 the nacelles are combined with the fuselage to create a large weapon bay, place for fuel, and a wide body, which generates some lift.
Modern jets have a horizontal ramp thus spillage at least produces some lift.
In case of the F-22 the inlet has two ramps placed in a diamond shape, thus for most Mach- and thrust-conditions spillage occurs only at the aft / lower corner of that diamond.
In case of the F-22 the leading edges of the wing become supersonic at Mach 1.8 and certainly are as large a source of wave drag as the inlet.
Variable geometry intakes, such as those on Concorde aircraft, vary the ramp angle to focus the oblique shock wave/s onto the intake lip.

</doc>
<doc id="9858484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858484" title="Claude Forget">
Claude Forget

Claude E. Forget, (born 28 May 1936) is a former Canadian politician.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Forget holds a master's degree in public finances from the London School of Economics as well as a bachelor's degree in economics. He was also admitted to the Barreau du Québec in 1959. He was a teacher in economics at the Université du Québec à Montréal for three years.
In 1973, he was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec from the riding of Saint-Laurent. A Liberal, he was the Minister of Social Affairs from 1973 to 1976 in the cabinet of Robert Bourassa. He was re-elected in 1976 and 1981. He resigned on November 17, 1981.
In 1984, he was appointed chairman of the Commission of Inquiry on Unemployment Insurance.
In 1991, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
Has been quoted as saying, "Our political system itself reaches a position of equilibrium by generating such dysfunctional incentives." 

</doc>
<doc id="9858507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858507" title="March 2007 in science">
March 2007 in science

__NOTOC__
← – January – February – March – April – May – June – July – August – September – October – November – December – →

</doc>
<doc id="9858517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858517" title="Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Tourism (Colombia)">
Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Tourism (Colombia)

The Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Tourism () or MCIT, is the national executive ministry of the Government of Colombia concerned with promoting economic growth though trade, tourism and industrial growth.

</doc>
<doc id="9858519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858519" title="Four More from Toyah">
Four More from Toyah

"Four More From Toyah" was the ninth UK single, and third EP by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released at the end of 1981. 
The lead track on the release, "Good Morning Universe", was not included on an album at the time, nor were the other three tracks on the EP. The first 100,000 pressings of the single also came with a free flexidisc, containing a fifth exclusive track, "Stand Proud". This collectability helped the single reach Number 14 in the UK Singles Charts.
Two tracks from the single, "Good Morning Universe" and "In the Fairground" were eventually included on the 1999 reissue of "The Changeling", and "The Furious Futures" and "Stand Proud" was included on the 1998 compilation '. Another 1998 compilation, "Toyah! Live & More", featured "Urban Tribesmen". Finally, all tracks from the release, bar "Stand Proud" feature on the 2005 compilation '.
Track listing.
7" Vinyl.
Side A
Side B
Bonus Flexidisc.
Side A
Catalogue Number: TOY2
Flexidisc Catalogue Number: FLX 215
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
All sides of the release, including the flexidisc, ran at 33RPM.
12" vinyl editions of this EP were released in Europe, featuring the same four tracks, with a playing speed of 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9858529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858529" title="Kyrgyzstan Cup">
Kyrgyzstan Cup

The Kyrgyzstan Cup is Kyrgyzstan's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer).
Previous winners.
Previous winners of the cup are:
Since independence.
Winners since 1992 are:
Titles By Club.
Zhashtyk Ak Altyn Kara-Suu lost 6 consecutive finals

</doc>
<doc id="9858545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858545" title="4Fun">
4Fun

4Fun (sometimes also "Julia & 4Fun") is a Lithuanian music band. They play a wide range of music styles, including rock, pop rock, and country. The band was created in 2001 and participated in several national and international festivals, including Visaginas Country and the Eurovision Song Contest. 
4Fun had participated in the national selection for the Eurovision three times. After unsuccessful attempts in 2005 and 2006, 4Fun won the national selection with their lyrical ballad "Love or Leave" and performance involving shadow play in 2007. They outstripped two other superfinalists: Aistė Pilvelytė and Rūta Ščiogolevaitė. 4Fun represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki and finished 21st with 28 points, with major votes from Ireland (12 points) and Latvia (10 points). Lead singer Julija Ritčik received a wild card entry directly to the finals of the national selection for Eurovision 2008, but placed only 12th out of 14 contestants. In 2008, 4Fun together with Latvian Valters & Kaža recorded song "With U", which became a hit in Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="9858570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858570" title="Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground">
Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground

Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground also known as Municipal Ground or Racecourse Ground Corporation Ground is located in Rajkot, Gujarat. 
The stadium is used exclusively for staging cricket matches and has staged 10 ODI matches since 1986.
History.
Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground is also used for staging first class cricket. It has hosted 86 first class cricket match.
The ground dimensions being comparatively small and the pitch usually batsman-friendly contributed to some enormous scores in the past.
New Zealand scored 349/5 in 2001, India scored 387/5 in 2008 but the best ever was in the Game between India and Sri Lanka on 15 Dec 2009 when India scored 414 runs (then highest ever in Indian history) but Sri Lanka almost won the contest and ended up with 411/8, just 3 runs short.
Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground will have new sister ground. The Saurashtra Cricket Association is working on a world-class sports complex which has been planned on the outskirts at Khanderi village on Jamnagar highway, spread over , some 10 km from Rajkot, Gujarat. 
This stadium will have a spectator capacity of 40,000 and should be commissioned around in 2008. This stadium will host tests and day-and-night ODI matches. The newest feature on offer is a VVIP suite with balconies facing the ground from where a spectator can watch the match from the comfort of his room. 
The complex will also have cricket ground & stadium, basketball, tennis, volleyball, badminton and squash courts, a swimming pool and an indoor stadium.
One Day International cricket.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.

</doc>
<doc id="9858575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858575" title="Takara (band)">
Takara (band)

Takara is an American rock band, formed in 1987 in Los Angeles, California. Since 1992, Takara has recorded 6 studio albums for several different record labels in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. Founding member and lead guitarist Neal Grusky, and bassist Carl Demarco have remained permanent fixtures in the band since its early days.
Biography.
1980s - Early days.
Takara was formed in August 1987. After a few months of rehearsals the band made their debut in October with a show in Hollywood, California. The band proceeded to play many more shows throughout 1987-88. In November 1988, Takara went into the studio to record their first demo with producer Jeff Scott Soto. As they entered the studio it became apparent that the singer was not ready to record. In order to finish the new Takara demo, Soto was asked to help out by providing vocals for the demo. This was the beginning of a long relationship between the band and Jeff Scott Soto.
1990s - The Soto era.
In 1990, Takara went back into the studio to record what would eventually become their debut album, "Eternal Faith". In 1992 Takara regrouped and added new members who would perform in "Eternal Faith". The line-up was ultimately completed with Jeff Scott Soto on vocals, Neal Grusky on guitar, Gary Schutt on bass and Bob Duda on drums. In August 1993, Zero Corporation (Japan) and Now and Then records (Europe) offered Takara a deal to release "Eternal Faith" in December 1993.
After a short break the band began to work on what was to become their second album. Before rehearsals began, bassist Carl Demarco replaced Schutt and they returned to the studio to record "Taste of Heaven". The band enlisted Bob Daisley on bass for guest performances on two songs. "Taste of Heaven" was released in May 1995 by Zero Corporation (Japan) and Long Island records (Europe). Upon its release, "Taste of Heaven" had commercial success, and Long Island records brought Takara to Germany for a promo tour.
In 1996 Saraya Recordings, a new US label, asked permission to re-release "Eternal Faith" and "Taste of Heaven" as its first releases. Feeling that there was momentum starting to build, the band wasted no time in working on their third album. In 1998 they released "Blind in Paradise" through Zero Corporation (Japan), Point Music (Europe), and Saraya Recordings (US). Shortly after the release of ‘Blind in Paradise’, all of Takara's labels released a greatest hits album "".
2000-2010 Changes to the Lineup.
In late 1998, the Takara went through significant lineup changes, leaving only guitarist/band leader Neal Grusky and bassist Carl Demarco to rebuild begin writing new material. The band found drummer Chad Clark and keyboardist Brook Hansen. Brook and Neal had known each other for years and always shared similar ideas on music. The last to come aboard was vocalist Michael J. Flatters, who Grusky found through a mutual friend. With the band complete, Takara re-entered the studio in February 2000 to record their fourth album, Perception of Reality. One year later, it was completed and released on the Avalon Marquee (Japan), Lion Music (Europe), and Metal Mayhem (US) labels.
After a hiatus of several years, Grusky decided to reform Takara in 2008, once again with a new lineup. This lineup saw the arrival of several new members including Bjorn Englen (bass), Patrick Johannson (drums), and vocalist Gus Monsanto. Keyboardist Brook Hansen returned to the lineup.Jeff Scott Soto also returned after ten years to provide harmony vocals for the resulting 2008 album entitled Invitation to Forever. This album, released by Progrock Records, marked a turning point for Takara with Grusky taking his powerful songwriting to a much harder edge than on previous Takara albums. The album subsequently gained mass approval by fans and progressive rock critics alike.
Current Lineup and New Album.
After the release of Invitation To Forever guitarist and bandleader Neal Grusky was faced some tough decisions. Feeling that the band had gone too far in the direction of a studio project with hired musicians contributing internationally, he opted to change the lineup once again in hopes of finding fresh local talent willing to pursue the local LA club scene. Grusky brought back Carl Demarco on bass, reuniting the core of Takara. After a long search for a suitable vocal talent, the band found Jamie Kelli, who had been regularly performing in the LA area. Drummer Gene McEwen, also active in the local scene, completed the lineup. With Kelli filling in temporarily on keyboards, Takara proceeded to prepare for a series of live shows intended to re-introduce the modern LA rock scene to both new and old material from the band. On October 30, 2010, Takara's new lineup performed their first live show to showcase new vocalist Jamie Kelli at Paladino's in Los Angeles, California. 
In May 2011 Takara announced they had begun work on their 7th studio album Wicked and Beautiful, also to be released by Progrock Records. The band describes the new material as a "strong taste of early, melodic Takara, mixed with a modern edge". Grusky stated that the band will also be simultaneously working to release a collection of rare and unreleased songs entitled Invitation to Faith, which will span entire the history of Takara. 
In October 2011 Takara announced they would be contributing a song to a Randy Rhoads/Ozzy Osbourne tribute album due to be released in the spring of 2012 by Versailles Records. Takara will be recording a version of the song "Little Dolls" from the 1981 album "Diary of a Madman".

</doc>
<doc id="9858578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858578" title="Dorota Świeniewicz">
Dorota Świeniewicz

Dorota Swieniewicz (born 27 July 1972 in Głuszyca) is a Polish volleyball player. She was chosen the best player of the tournament at the 2005 European Championships.
Biography.
Dorota Świeniewicz (nickname Dori). Although Świeniewicz was born in Głuszyca, she spent her teens in Świdnica. She learned playing volleyball in local club - Polonia. Begins of the career were hard. As a teenager, Świeniewicz was chose to the national junior team, but trainers sent her back from the teem meeting because they ascertained that Dorota is not tall enough. Her quite small height - she has hardly 180 cm - didn't prevent to succeed in sport. In 2003 she won championship of the Italy and Italian Cup with Despar Perugia. With representation of Poland, Dori won European Championship twice, in 2003 and 2005.
At the European Championship in 2005, she was chosen as the best player. In the same year, FIVB chose her as the best player in Europe. In 2006 she decided to take a break from volleyball. First of March 2007 at 9:40 Świeniewicz born a son to her life partner, ex manager of polish representation - Marek Brandt. In April, Świeniewicz came back to sport, she started training in her ex club - BKS Bielsko-Biała. Polish coach, Marco Bonitta, chose her to national team for Montreux Volley Masters tournament. Świeniewicz trains girls in UKS "Hubert-Ochota" Warszawa.

</doc>
<doc id="9858582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858582" title="Oobi (toy)">
Oobi (toy)

Oobi was a toy, invented by Larry Reiner and test marketed by Parker Brothers in 1971, that was intended to pass a message to a recipient relying on "the kindness of strangers" as transport.
Physically, an Oobi is a bright orange oblong spheroid with a slit, an addressing area, and big painted-on eyes. They were sold in packs of three. The original purchaser was to write an address on the address area, place a folded message inside, and leave the toy somewhere public to be found. Instructions to the finder were written on the Oobi's top: "I'm oobi. I contain a message to another human being. Please further my journey an inch, a foot, or a mile. Add a note, if you wish. Then help me to the next nice person like yourself! I'm on my way to ... Please don't confine me to a mailbox."
In spite of television advertisements and its slogan "oobi means love" it never caught on during trials on the West Coast and the Northeast, and has been described as the toy company's "wildest failure".

</doc>
<doc id="9858588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858588" title="Taşkale, Karaman">
Taşkale, Karaman

Taşkale is a town in the central district Karaman Province at Central Anatolia region of Turkey. It has (2000) population of 2224.

</doc>
<doc id="9858598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858598" title="XHNGS-FM">
XHNGS-FM

XHNGS-FM 96.7 MHz is a radio station owned by MVS Radio as part of FM Globo, located in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico. The station primarily plays love songs sung in Spanish, although it sometimes plays songs in English. The station does not have a website, but it may have plans to create one soon. It can be heard on the other side of the U.S.-Mexico border in Nogales, Arizona, reasonably well in Green Valley, Arizona, and in a very weak signal in Tucson, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9858614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858614" title="Beach House (album)">
Beach House (album)

Beach House is the debut album by Baltimore dream pop duo Beach House and was released on 3 October 2006. The album was included at number sixteen in Pitchfork's list of the best albums of 2006.
Pitchfork said the album evoked a "recipe of fairground waltzes, ghosted lullabies, and woodland hymnals" and compared the work of the duo to Mazzy Star, Galaxie 500, Spiritualized and Slowdive. 
Only 1,100 white vinyl albums were printed. The album has been reissued on black vinyl.
The song "Master of None" was sampled by The Weeknd for his song "The Party & The After Party" off his 2011 mixtape "House of Balloons".
"Lovelier Girl" Controversy.
A point of major contention concerning intellectual property rights surrounds the "Lovelier Girl" track - the original authors of the song, musically and lyrically, are Tony, Caro and John, who named the song "The Snowdon Song". Beyond the name change, the song is nearly identical, though no attribution is made to the original authors of the piece on the album cover. Tony Dore of Tony, Caro and John has stated that "Victoria and Alex have never contested authorship but we still have a lot of sorting out to do on royalties and credits." 

</doc>
<doc id="9858621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858621" title="Judith Mason">
Judith Mason

Judith Mason, born Judith Seelander Menge on 10 October 1938 in Pretoria, is a South African artist who has created oil paintings, graphics, mixed media and tapestries, rich in symbolism and mythology, and displaying a rare technical virtuosity.
Education and career.
Judith Mason matriculated at the Pretoria High School for Girls in 1956. She was awarded a BA Degree in Fine Arts at the University of the Witwatersrand in 1960. She taught painting at the University of the Witwatersrand, the University of Pretoria, the Michaelis School of Fine Art in Cape Town, Scuola Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, Italy from 1989–91 and acted as external examiner for under-graduate and post-graduate degrees at Pretoria, Potchefstroom, Natal, Stellenbosch and Cape Town Universities. Several of Mason's works deal with the atrocities uncovered by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
Philosophy.
Judith Mason is politically aware and motivated by a strong social conscience. Her work is informed by people, creatures, events and sometimes works of poetry, that have touched or deeply disturbed her. Her images run the gamut from expressionist through representational, humorous and starkly symbolic. The history, mythology and ritual of Christianity and the eastern religions provide a fertile fund of inspiration for her work. Mason feels that formalised theology has destroyed the spiritually-nourishing mythological character of primitive religion.
""I paint in order to make sense of my life, to manipulate various chaotic fragments of information and impulse into some sort of order, through which I can glimpse a hint of meaning. I am an agnostic humanist possessed of religious curiosity who regards making artworks as akin to alchemy. To use inert matter on an inert surface to convey real energy and presence seems to me a magical and privileged way of living out my days"".
Judith Mason 2004
""Hyaenas like artists, are scavengers prowling on the edge of society. I love hyaenas because of their other-worldly whooping, their ungainliness and their "bad hair" (I share the latter two characteristics). I also regard the animal as a very apt image of the 'id' in opposition to the ego and the super-ego, the monkey on my back. In the three lithographs I have depicted The Muse by Day as a Hyaena in guineafowl's clothing, the spots as disguise or drag to celebrate the gift of mimicry. In the Muse by Night I have concentrated on the animal as far-seeing, seerlike with the coat of spots as shaman's eyes. In Muse Amused I have tried to celebrate a generally despised animal having an existential guffaw.""
Judith Mason 2006
Exhibitions.
She has exhibited frequently in South Africa, with works in all the major South African art collections as well as in private and public collections in Europe and the United States. She has held exhibitions in Greece, Italy, The Netherlands, Belgium, Chile, West Germany, Switzerland and the USA.
Her public commissions have included large tapestries in collaboration with Marguerite Stephens and recently, stained-glass window designs for the Great Park Synagogue in Johannesburg. Her first solo exhibition was at Gallery 101, Johannesburg, in 1964 after winning second prize in the U.A.T competition in 1963. Since then she has exhibited regularly in Johannesburg, Cape Town, Pretoria, Stellenbosch and George Goodman Gallery, Chelsea Gallery, Association of Arts Pretoria, Association of Arts Cape Town, Hout Street Gallery, Strydom Gallery, Dorp Street Gallery, Art on Paper, Karen Mackerron Gallery, as well as lithographs, oil paintings and drawings at Ombondi Gallery in New York in 1990. She represented South Africa at the Venice Biennale, 1966, São Paulo Biennale 1973, Brazil, Valparaiso Biennale 1979, Chile and Houston Arts Festival 1980, USA.
Personal life.
Was married to Professor Revil Mason, former head of the Archaeology Department University of the Witwatersrand, with two daughters, Tamar (1966) and Petra (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="9858628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858628" title="Mallory's Oracle">
Mallory's Oracle

Mallory's Oracle is the first novel in the Kathy Mallory series by author Carol O'Connell. The book was nominated for an Edgar Award and a Dilys Award. It was first published by Hutchinson in May 1994.
Plot.
The series stars Kathleen Mallory, a policewoman who is 5'10", blond, beautiful, and stunningly green-eyed. She also has immense street and computer smarts. Her physical beauty masks a cold, amoral interior, however; O'Connell describes Mallory as a sociopath.
New York City police detective Louis Markowitz picks up an 11-year-old homeless street urchin for stealing. Instead of arresting her, he takes Kathleen Mallory home and raises her as his own. Mallory (as she likes to be called) still deals with issues from her traumatic childhood, but she has an undying love (or at least the closest thing she can manage to it) for her adopted parents. She follows Louis to the police academy and ends up in the special crimes unit, specializing in computer research.
Louis begins investigating the brutal murders of several older, wealthy women from Gramercy Park. While working alone and hot on the trail of this serial killer, he is murdered alongside another victim. Mallory takes it upon herself to take on this investigation (without police sanction, of course) and tries to piece together all the bits of information Louis had gathered. Louis trained Mallory well, but there is still the possibility that following his trail will cause Mallory to make the same mistakes he did, and lead to her becoming another victim.
Along the line, Mallory uncovers a complicated plot that deals with magic, séances, and insider trading.
Reception.
Ellen Datlow praised the novel as "an important suspense debut with a fascinating protagonist".

</doc>
<doc id="9858629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858629" title="Syrian Cup">
Syrian Cup

The Syrian Cup is Syria's premier knockout tournament in men's football. It was first contested in 1959. Al-Ittihad has won the competition on 9 occasions, the most of any club.
Total Championships.
This is a list of the number of championships each club has won.
List of finals.
This is a list of finals contested from 1959 onwards, with the winner, runner-up and score.:
"no cup between 1971 and 1972"
"no cup between 1974 and 1977"

</doc>
<doc id="9858637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858637" title="Brave New World (song)">
Brave New World (song)

"Brave New World" is the tenth UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1982. It was to be the only single release from "The Changeling".
The single, which was backed by an exclusive b-side and a music video (heavily inspired by David Bowie's "Ashes to Ashes") directed by David Mallett, only reached Number 21 in the UK singles chart, and although further single releases from the album were mooted, none appeared. Despite the apparent influence of Bowie's video, Toyah herself has denied any attempt to copy him:
"But I'd never dream of trying to be like Bowie, because he's the greatest."
The full length version of this song, and the b-side "Warrior Rock", were eventually included on the 1999 reissue of "The Changeling", while the single edit and the B-side are both featured on the 2005 compilation "". 
Track listing.
7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 45
Catalogue Number: SAFE P45 (Picture disc)
Produced by Steve Lillywhite.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides of all releases ran at 45rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="9858640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858640" title="Elde">
Elde

The Elde () is a river in northern Germany (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and a few km in Brandenburg), a right tributary of the Löcknitz. Its total length is 220 km. The Elde originates near Altenhof, south of Malchow. It first flows southeast towards the southern end of Lake Müritz, which it enters at Vipperow. It flows out of the Müritz at its northern end, near Waren. It turns west, and flows through a series of small lakes, and along the town Malchow, until the Plauer See. It flows out of the Plauer See at Plau am See, and continues west and southwest through Lübz, Parchim, Neustadt-Glewe and Grabow. The Elde flows into the Löcknitz (itself a tributary of the Elbe) in Eldenburg, part of Lenzen (Elbe). Most of its length (180 km) is navigable.

</doc>
<doc id="9858641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858641" title="Jason Bloom (lacrosse)">
Jason Bloom (lacrosse)

Jason Bloom (born September 4, 1982 in Coquitlam, British Columbia) is a lacrosse player on the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League. He also played for Coquitlam Adanacs of the Western Lacrosse Association in the summer of 2006. Bloom was the captain of the Under-19 British Columbia Selects, MVP of the B.C. Provincials in 1999, two-time gold medal winner at the Canadian Nationals with the B.C. Selects (1999, 2000) and was selected to the first team British Columbia Major Junior A All-Star team in 2001 for hockey.
College career.
Bloom earned a psychology degree from The Ohio State University, where he captained the Buckeyes in 2004 and 2005. He was a four-time Ohio State Scholar-Athlete and a two-time Academic All-Big Ten selection.
Professional career.
Bloom played two season with the Colorado Mammoth, before being traded to the Boston Blazers for current Colorado captain John Gallant. Bloom joined the Boston Blazers for their inaugural season during the 2009 NLL season, and was named NLL Transition Player of the Week during 2009. Bloom was traded in June 2009 to the Washington Stealth, and was named team captain shortly thereafter. Bloom helped the Stealth win the 2010 NLL Championship, and is the youngest captain in the NLL to ever do so. Has a young family and works in commercial real estate in Seattle for GVA Kidder Mathews.

</doc>
<doc id="9858644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858644" title="California Statutes">
California Statutes

California Statutes (Cal. Stats., also cited as Stats. within the state) are the acts of the California State Legislature as approved according to the California Constitution and collated by the Secretary of State of California.
A legislative bill is "chaptered" by the Secretary of State once it passes through both houses of the California State Legislature and has either been signed by the Governor or has become law without the Governor's signature. The secretary of state assigns a sequential chapter number to all bills that become law. Statutes are cited by chapter and year, but legislative bills are also referred to by the bill number assigned by the Assembly or Senate when the bill is introduced.
Codification.
Since the 1950s, virtually all general laws enacted as part of the California Statutes have been drafted as modifications to one of the 29 California Codes, each covering a general area of the law. One legislative bill may make changes in the statutes in a number of codes. For example, laws that relate to civil relations generally fall in the Civil Code; those relating to the rules of evidence in court proceedings generally fall in the Evidence Code; those relating to crimes and punishments generally fall in the Penal Code; etc. A searchable database of all 29 Codes, as well as the California Constitution, is maintained by the California Legislative Counsel.
Regulations adopted by California state agencies are generally codified in the separate California Code of Regulations (CCR).

</doc>
<doc id="9858653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858653" title="Women's football in Iran">
Women's football in Iran

Women's football in Iran is very popular. Football has been a part of life for Iranians for many decades now and is played in schools, alleys, streets and football clubs nationwide. Women in Iran are increasingly inclined to play football, and with this increasing popularity it is only a matter of time before a more secure infrastructure develops. The Iran women's national football team competes internationally.
History.
Women's football in Iran started in 1970. Women had the personal ambition of participating in male football competitions in alleys and streets, so they took part in some men's football games. During that time, when numerous trainers participated in the top grade of FIFA's training courses in Japan, they observed the Japan women's national football team's games against female teams from Korea, Singapore and India. That was the stimulus to the administrators of women’s football in Iran. Since 1970 serious measures were made in order to reach appropriate standards. Taj was the first club to train women. Thereafter, women took part first in football training and then in football teams such as Taj, Deyhim, Persepolis FC, Oghab FC and Khasram. By organizing different competitions between those teams, the best players were selected and placed in the first Iranian women's national team. This team was composed of former volleyball players, basketball players and athletes aged from 12 to 18. They started to train more seriously as sport magazine published the news of their progress, then gradually a huge number of female fans arose to support the team. With the help of educational institutions across the country, talented youngsters were scouted. As time went on, teams were selected, and eventually in 1971 a competition was organised by a women's sport magazine and the travel company Scandinavian Airlines System (S.A.S) under the supervision of the Football Federation, for that occasion the Italy women's national football team was invited to Iran and had two games against Taj and a team called Tehran in the Amjadieh stadium. Women's football continued to grow until the Iranian revolution in 1979.
Recent.
In 1993, a rebound was made for women's football in Iran, in the shape of futsal, a form of indoor football, started by Alzahra University. At first it faced the refusal by the sport's administration, however because of the passion shown by the students towards football, the university changed the law and the first unofficial female competition was organized since the Iranian revolution. In this competition 10 teams participated, most of them belong to Alzahra University and the rest were from other national universities. Women's football activity continued to grow until finally, in 1997 the physical education organization formed a women's futsal committee and since then officially sport clubs have begun to encourage women's futsal teams in Iran.
Since 2001, the first national female students' competition was officially organised under the supervision of the ministry of education, research and technology in Alzahra University. This competition was made by 12 teams from different universities.
In 2004, subsequent efforts were not made to provide facilities for women. Occasionally female teams train with the Islamic veil in stadiums in small groups on good quality pitches. An attempt has also been made to allow women into stadiums at the same time as men. To date, women football players are unable to train on pitches of good quality. Nowadays only indoor facilities are accessible to women footballers. Until 2005 many competitions have been organized with the participation of foreign teams.

</doc>
<doc id="9858663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858663" title="Irvine Thornley">
Irvine Thornley

Irvine Thornley (born 1883 in Hayfield, Derbyshire, died 24 April 1955) was an English footballer who played as a centre-forward.
Thornley combined football with a career as a butcher in his hometown of Glossop. He first played for local clubs Glossop Villa, Glossop St. James, making his Football League debut with Glossop North End. In 1904 he moved to Manchester City for £800, making his debut on 9 April, a 2-1 defeat to West Bromwich Albion. With a reputation as a controversial character, he was sent off a number of times in his career. He made one appearance for the England national team, a 1-1 draw with Wales on 18 March 1907. Later that year he was one of the players present it the first ever meeting of the Professional Footballers' Association. In total he made 204 appearances for Manchester City, scoring 93 times.
In 1912 he signed for South Shields where he scored 154 goals in three seasons, and later played for Hamilton Academical.

</doc>
<doc id="9858675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858675" title="Lyutitsa">
Lyutitsa

Lyutitsa () is one of the largest and best preserved castles in the easternmost part of the Eastern Rhodopes, located 3.5 hours' walk south-west of Ivaylovgrad, in southernmost Bulgaria. It is also known as the "Marble City" because its walls are made of white marble. 
The fortress occupies an area of and has 12 towers of which eight have been preserved. The walls are up to high. The ruins of two churches have been excavated as well as a necropolis with 15 graves. Among the numerous archaeological finds are rare coins, ceramics from Preslav, jewelry and tools.
Honour.
Lyutitsa Nunatak on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Lyutitsa.

</doc>
<doc id="9858678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858678" title="The Adjuster">
The Adjuster

The Adjuster is a 1991 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan. It premiered at the New York Film Festival. At the 17th Moscow International Film Festival it won the Special Silver St. George.
In 1993, the Toronto International Film Festival ranked the film tenth in the Top 10 Canadian Films of All Time, though the film does not appear on the updated 2004 version.
Plot summary.
"The Adjuster" tells the story of an insurance adjuster who becomes intimate with his clients. The adjuster initially appears to want to help his clients but as the movie unfolds it is clear that the situation is more complex. He seems to be somehow a victim of his own situation.

</doc>
<doc id="9858698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858698" title="Association for Women in Mathematics">
Association for Women in Mathematics

The Association for Women in Mathematics (AWM) is a professional society whose mission is to encourage women and girls to study and to have active careers in the mathematical sciences, and to promote equal opportunity for and the equal treatment of women and girls in the mathematical sciences. The AWM was founded in 1971 and incorporated in the state of Massachusetts. AWM has approximately 3000 members, including over 200 institutional members (colleges –universities, institutes, and mathematical societies). It offers numerous programs and workshops to mentor women and girls in the mathematical sciences. Much of AWM’s work is supported through federal grants.
Mission Statement.
The purpose of the Association for Women in Mathematics is 
• to encourage women and girls to study and to have active careers in the mathematical sciences, and 
• to promote equal opportunity and the equal treatment of women and girls in the mathematical sciences. 
History.
The Association was founded in 1971 as the Association of Women Mathematicians, but the name was changed almost immediately. It grew out of the Joint Mathematics Meetings in Atlantic City in 1971, where a women's caucus was proposed. Mary W. Gray was the early organizer, placing an advertisement in the February 1971 Notices of the AMS, and writing the first issue of the "AWM Newsletter" that May. Early goals of the Association focused on equal pay for equal work, as well as equal consideration for admission to graduate school and support while there; for faculty appointments at all levels; for promotion and for tenure; for administrative appointments; and for government grants, positions on review and advisory panels and positions in professional organizations. The AWM holds an annual meeting at the Joint Mathematics Meetings.
Programs, Lectures, and Awards.
The Association for Women in Mathematics sponsors a variety of programs and awards to encourage girls and women in the mathematical sciences.
Lectures.
Noether Lectures.
The Association for Women in Mathematics (AWM) annually presents the Noether Lectures to honor women who have made fundamental and sustained contributions to the mathematical sciences. These one-hour expository lectures are presented at the Joint Mathematics Meetings each January. Emmy Noether was one of the great mathematicians of her time, someone who worked and struggled for what she loved and believed in. Her life and work remain a tremendous inspiration. Nomination deadline is October 15, annually. Click here for a list of past Noether Lecturers.
Kovalevsky Lectures.
AWM and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) established the annual Sonia Kovalevsky Lecture to highlight significant contributions of women to applied or computational mathematics. This lecture is given annually at the SIAM Annual Meeting. In 2011, the lecture will be given at the International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics (ICIAM) in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The lectureship may be awarded to anyone in the scientific or engineering community whose work highlights the achievements of women in applied or computational mathematics. Nomination deadline is September 15, annually. Click here for a list of past Kovalevsky lecturers.
Falconer Lectures.
The Association for Women in Mathematics and the Mathematical Association of America annually present the Etta Falconer Lectures to honor women who have made distinguished contributions to the mathematical sciences or mathematics education. These one-hour expository lectures are presented at Mathfest each summer. While the lectures began with Mathfest 1996, the title "Etta Z. Falconer Lecture" was established in 2004 in memory of Falconer's profound vision and accomplishments in enhancing the movement of minorities and women into scientific careers. Click here for a list of past Falconer Lecturers or visit the Wikipedia page AWM/MAA_Falconer_Lecturer.
Awards.
Schafer Prize.
The Executive Committee of the Association for Women in Mathematics (AWM) calls for nominations for the Alice T. Schafer Mathematics Prize to be awarded to an undergraduate woman for excellence in mathematics. All members of the mathematical community are invited to submit nominations for the Prize. The nominee may be at any level in her undergraduate career but must be an undergraduate as of October 1, 2010. She must either be a U.S. citizen or have a school address in the United States. The Schafer Prize was established in 1990 by the Executive Committee of the AWM and is named for AWM former president and one of its founding members, Alice T. Schafer, who has contributed a great deal to women in mathematics throughout her career. Nomination deadline is October 1, annually. Click here for a list of past Schafer prize winners.
Hay Award.
The Executive Committee of the Association for Women in Mathematics has established the Louise Hay Award for Contributions to Mathematics Education, to be awarded annually to a woman at the Joint Prize Session at the Joint Mathematics Meetings every January. The purpose of this award is to recognize outstanding achievements in any area of mathematics education, to be interpreted in the broadest possible sense. While Louise Hay was widely recognized for her contributions to mathematical logic and for her strong leadership as Head of the Department of Mathematics, Statistics, and Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Chicago, her devotion to students and her lifelong commitment to nurturing the talent of young women and men secure her reputation as a consummate educator. To learn more about Louise Hay, you can read a biography of Louise Hay on the St. Andrews website and an autobiographical article she wrote that was published in the AWM Newsletter. The annual presentation of this award is intended to highlight the importance of mathematics education and to evoke the memory of all that Hay exemplified as a teacher, scholar, administrator, and human being. Nomination deadline is April 30, annually. Click here for a list of past Hay Award winners.
Humphreys Award.
The Executive Committee of the Association for Women in Mathematics has established a prize in memory of M. Gweneth Humphreys to recognize outstanding mentorship activities. This prize will be awarded annually to a mathematics teacher (female or male) who has encouraged female undergraduate students to pursue mathematical careers and/or the study of mathematics at the graduate level. The recipient will receive a cash prize and honorary plaque and will be featured in an article in the AWM newsletter. The award is open to all regardless of nationality and citizenship. Nominees must be living at the time of their nomination. Nomination deadline is April 30, annually. The first award was given in 2011 to Rhonda Hughes.
The award is named for M. Gweneth Humphreys (1911-2006). Professor Humphreys graduated with honors in mathematics from the University of British Columbia in 1932, earning the prestigious Governor General's Gold Medal at graduation. After receiving her master's degree from Smith College in 1933, Humphreys earned her Ph.D. at age 23 from the University of Chicago in 1935. She taught mathematics to women for her entire career, first at Mount St. Scholastica College, then for several years at Sophie Newcomb College, and finally for over thirty years at Randolph Macon Woman's College. This award, funded by contributions from her former students and colleagues at Randolph-Macon Woman's College, recognizes her commitment to and her profound influence on undergraduate students of mathematics. 
Michler Prize.
The Ruth I. Michler Memorial Prize of the AWM is awarded annually to a woman recently promoted to Associate Professor or an equivalent position in the mathematical sciences. The prize provides a fellowship for the awardee to spend a semester in the Mathematics Department of Cornell University without teaching obligations. Recently promoted associate professors face many challenges as they prepare to take on greater leadership in research and in the profession. The Ruth I. Michler Memorial Prize will honor outstanding women at this stage of their careers and enable them to focus on their research in the stimulating environment of the Cornell University Mathematics Department. Nomination deadline is November 1, annually. Click here for a list of past recipients.

</doc>
<doc id="9858707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858707" title="José Luis Alfonzo">
José Luis Alfonzo

José Luis Alfonzo (born 1961 in San Luis Province, Argentina) is an Argentinian film actor. 
He works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9858708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858708" title="Colorado Labor Wars">
Colorado Labor Wars

The series of incidents that have most frequently been referred to as the Colorado Labor Wars involved a struggle between the Western Federation of Miners (WFM) and the mine operators, particularly the Cripple Creek Mine Owners' Association (CCMOA), during the period from 1903 to 1904. Like so many other fights between the miners and the owners of the mines, this was a brutal and bloody period in Colorado's history. A nearly simultaneous strike in Colorado's northern and southern coal fields was also met with a military response by the Colorado National Guard.
Colorado's most significant battles between labor and capital occurred primarily between miners and mine operators. In these battles the state government, with one exception, sided with the mine operators. Additional participants in Colorado's labor struggles have included the National Guard, often informally called the militia; private contractors such as the Pinkertons, Baldwin–Felts, and Thiel detective agencies; and various labor entities, employers' organizations such as the Mine Owners' Associations, and vigilante groups and employer-sponsored citizens groups, such as the Citizens' Alliance.
Two scholars who studied American labor violence concluded, "There is no episode in American labor history in which violence was as systematically used by employers as in the Colorado labor war of 1903 and 1904."
Overview of miners' disputes in Colorado.
In 1880, miners represented 29 percent of Colorado's working population, declining to 13.7 percent in 1900. Colorado miners were divided into two groups: hard rock miners, and coal miners.
After Colorado's gold rush and silver boom exhausted easily accessible surface deposits, hard rock miners congregated primarily where precious metal mining was lucrative, in Colorado's mountainous areas. The mining camps spawned numerous mountain communities such as Central City, Leadville, Telluride, Idaho Springs, and the Cripple Creek District.
United Mine Workers strike, 1903-04.
The early history of coal mining in Colorado included periodic confrontations between miners and mine operators. The United Mine Workers of America, attempting to organize the Colorado northern and southern fields, called a strike in September 1903. The Colorado National Guard under Adjutant General Sherman Bell took the side of the mine owners against the miners. In one example of this partisanship,
Major Zeph T. Hill was appointed commander of the militia in Las Animas County, with headquarters at Trinidad... Curfew was established and enforced. No person was allowed on the streets after 9 o'clock in the evening. The coal miners were photographed like notorious criminals, by the Bertillon system. Eighty strikers at Berwind, who objected to being thus humiliated, were marched by a detail of cavalry for twenty miles to Trinidad, in a scorching hot sun, where sufficient force was available to photograph and register these men according to the Bertillon system. The men were given nothing to eat or drink on the road, and one man who fell by the road-side was left lying in the sun. This event occurred on May 19th, 1904.
In 1907, former Pinkerton stenographer Morris Friedman also wrote about daily reports by labor spies apparently resulting in systematic beatings of United Mine Workers organizers and officials. There were periodic incidents of bloodshed in Colorado's coal strikes, including the Ludlow Massacre during a 1914 strike, and the Columbine Massacre during a strike in 1927. The 1927 strike resulted in one company recognizing the United Mine Workers, specifically to shut out the more radical Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) which had called the strike.
The hard rock miners who mined Colorado's gold, silver, and other precious metals had unionized four decades earlier.
The Cripple Creek/Colorado Springs divide.
There were numerous productive hard rock mines in and around the Cripple Creek District in the mountains west of Colorado Springs. The Cripple Creek District was heavily working class. Many of the mine owners lived in Colorado Springs, on the plain to the east. Mine ore was refined in outlying areas around Colorado Springs, such as Colorado City.
Colorado Springs and Cripple Creek were in El Paso County. The miners of the Cripple Creek District resented domination of the county by the mine owners. In 1899, they succeeded in separating the mining areas from El Paso county by establishing Teller County.
The Western Federation of Miners.
In May 1893, forty delegates representing fifteen unions in South Dakota, Montana, Idaho, Utah, and Colorado met in Butte, Montana to form the Western Federation of Miners. The delegates were motivated to form a larger federation because of the recent disastrous strike in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. In that 1892 struggle, military forces locked up 600 miners without hearings or formal charges as a response to violence.
An early victory in Cripple Creek.
In January 1894, mine owners tried to lengthen the workday for Cripple Creek miners from eight to ten hours without raising pay. This action provoked a strike by the miners. In response, mine owners brought in strike breakers. The miners intimidated the strike breakers, so the mine owners raised a private army of an estimated 1,200 armed men. The gunmen were deputized by El Paso County Sheriff F. M. Bowers, who the companies called upon to break the strike. The miners were also armed, and were prepared for a confrontation.
Colorado Governor Davis Waite went to Cripple Creek, evaluated the situation, and agreed to present the miners' case to the mine owners. After discussion in Denver, mine owners agreed to forego the longer workday in what was called the "Waite agreement."
However, the 1,200 gunmen were no longer under the sheriff's control, and were causing considerable disruption. Citizens of Cripple Creek were subjected to abuse, "many of whom, for no offence at all, were clubbed and kicked, dragged from the sidewalks, and forced to march between the lines of deputies."
Governor Waite called out the state militia to protect the gold miners and citizens of the district from the gunmen. After the threat of martial law, the mine owners agreed to disband their private army. The Waite agreement on miners' hours and wages subsequently went into effect, and lasted nearly a decade.
The WFM builds power.
Downtown Cripple Creek was destroyed by fires in 1896. Carpenters and other construction workers rushed to the area to rebuild the city, and unions arose to organize them. The carpenter's union and other unions owed their leverage to the Western Federation of Miners. The strike victory in 1894 provided the clout which empowered unionism throughout the district, enabling the WFM to build labor organizations at the district, state, and regional levels. Under the leadership of Ed Boyce, Cripple Creek unions also helped to organize, and provided leadership for the Western Labor Union, a federation formed in response to the conservative American Federation of Labor (AFL) which had federated the craft unions in the east. In 1899, the WFM wrote industrial unionism, its response to the AFL's craft philosophy, into its charter. A significant conflict developed between the two union philosophies. The WFM unions accused the AFL of creating a labor aristocracy that divided workers and subverted class unity.
By 1900, Bill Haywood had joined the leadership of the WFM, and in 1902 Haywood and Charles Moyer took the reins of the organization as secretary treasurer and president, respectively. In 1899 a union newspaper, the Victor and Cripple Creek "Daily Press" began publication. The unions of the district were doing well, and they demonstrated political power by electing union members to public office, and successfully running a campaign to divorce the district from Colorado Springs and El Paso County, where the mine owners resided. Teller County was to be a union county where the eight-hour law was enforced, and workers were paid union scale. Unions used social pressure, boycotts, and strikes to ensure that union goals were enforced. The unions felt sufficiently powerful that they could simply announce wages and hours, and any businesses that failed to comply were boycotted. Non-union products were eliminated from saloons and grocery stores.
Mining companies acted on a concern about miners stealing high grade ore by hiring Pinkerton guards. In one case three hundred miners walked out to protest the policy, the company negotiated, and the Pinkerton guards were replaced by guards nominated by the union. The new agreement stipulated that miners suspected of theft would be searched by a fellow miner in the presence of a watchman. To insure a cooperative work force, mine managers and superintendents found it useful to urge all miners to join the union. 
Outside the Cripple Creek District, however, things were not going so well for the unionizing effort. A difficult strike lost in Leadville caused the WFM to revisit its philosophy and tactics. In 1899 there was another disastrous confrontation at Coeur d'Alene. Surveying the situation, with hundreds of union miners locked up by the militia in vermin-infested bullpens for a year or more, Bill Haywood concluded that the companies and their supporters in government were conducting class warfare against the working class.
At their 1901 convention the WFM miners agreed to the proclamation that a "complete revolution of social and economic conditions" was "the only salvation of the working classes." WFM leaders openly called for the abolition of the wage system. By the spring of 1903 the WFM was the most militant labor organization in the country. This was a considerable change from the WFM's founding Preamble, which envisioned a future of arbitration and conciliation with employers, and an eventual end to the need for strikes.
Employers alarmed at the WFM's growing strength.
Colorado's employers observed the WFM's annual conventions with trepidation, believing that the union's proclamations established it as a revolutionary presence, and that it was an organization with growing power. That the electoral ballot was intended as one of the WFM's primary methods of accomplishing a change in the system seemed not to matter to the employers and their supporters.
The eight-hour day becomes an issue.
The agreement settling the 1894 strike in the Cripple Creek District provided for an eight-hour day for miners.
The WFM argued that working long hours underground, or breathing the fumes of a smelter, were hazardous to workers' health, and that the eight hour day should become state law for mine and mill workers. Republicans opposed the law, and sought an opinion from the Colorado Supreme Court. The Court advised that such a law would be unconstitutional.
Then a similar law was passed in Utah, and it withstood a U.S. Supreme Court challenge. Legislators friendly to the WFM adopted the precise language from the Utah law and introduced it into the legislature. Ignoring the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court, the Colorado Supreme Court again asserted that the law was unconstitutional. It would take an amendment to the Colorado Constitution to satisfy the Colorado high court.
The WFM sought adoption via an amendment to the Colorado Constitution. Because the issue had been contentious for nearly a decade, the Republican, Democratic, and Populist parties all endorsed the amendment, and all three parties put the eight hour law in their platforms. The Colorado State Legislature passed the amendment, differing from the approved Utah law only through the addition of a penalty clause, and it was submitted to voters.
On November 4, 1902, Colorado voters passed the amendment 72,980 to 26,266, an approval rate of greater than 72 percent.
The new law, with the force of a state constitutional amendment, had only to go back to the state legislature in the 1903 session for final implementation. Under pressure from mining companies, the Colorado state government ignored the results of the referendum, and allowed the amendment to die. Governor Peabody, elected with pro-business support, had the opportunity to rescue the amendment, but opted not to do so. Writer Ray Stannard Baker declared,
Rarely has there been in this country a more brazen, conscienceless defeat of the will of the people.
When miners in Idaho Springs and Telluride decided that striking for the eight-hour day was the only way to win on the issue, they were rounded up at gunpoint by vigilante groups and expelled from their communities. Warrants were issued for the arrest of the law-breaking vigilantes, but they were not acted upon. To the miners of the WFM, the deck appeared increasingly stacked against them.
In May 1906, President Theodore Roosevelt would write that,
...the Governor of Colorado... into a grave error... in 1903 and 1904... The failure to insist that the legislature should obey the will of the people and pass the eight hour law, and if it did not do so to keep it in session every day of the whole time for which it was elected, was in my judgment unpardonable.
Governor Peabody, and the growth of employers' power.
Republican James Peabody ran a campaign for governor of Colorado pledging to restore a conservative government which would be responsive to business and industry. He nonetheless expressed warm sentiments toward unionism while campaigning in the Cripple Creek District. Labor organizations were not persuaded and opposed his candidacy, but the Republicans gained control of the state government when the Democrats and Populists split the progressive ticket.
Peabody saw the Western Federation of Miners as a threat to his own class interests, to private property, to democratic institutions, and to the nation itself. He promised in his inaugural address to make Colorado safe for investments, if necessary using all the power of the state to accomplish his aims.
The national employers' movement.
Meanwhile, a national employers' movement aimed directly at the power of unions was gaining strength. In his 1972 book "Colorado's War On Militant Unionism", George Suggs, Jr. reported,
At the time of Peabody's inauguration, there were only a few employers' associations in the nation which were working effectively against union labor. The groups, linked only by their consuming hostility toward organized labor, were located principally in Ohio, Illinois, Missouri, and Wisconsin. There they fought the unions to a standstill in open shop campaigns that emphasized the employer's right to manage his business without interference from labor. These organizations were not content with destroying militant unionism, and, in the words of two historians, ambitiously tried to erase the "organized labor pattern from the consciousness of the average American citizen" by the adroit use of propaganda which placed "organized labor on a moral defensive." They skillfully cloaked their public releases in the rhetoric of American individualism, and they convincingly portrayed union members and leaders as tyrants who oppressed the community and victimized the employer. Their propaganda proved successful in rallying local communities to support crusades against specific unions. Perceptive employers, watching those effective experiments in union control, decided that organized labor could be checked if they organized and marshalled public opinion behind their cause. What was obviously needed was a nationwide anti-union effort, one which would both curtail labor's growth and reduce its power in the economy.
In 1903, David M. Parry delivered a speech at the annual convention of the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) that was a diatribe against organized labor. He argued that unions' goals would result in "despotism, tyranny, and slavery." Parry advocated the establishment of a great national anti-union federation under the control of the NAM, and the NAM responded by initiating such an effort.
The Colorado employers' movement.
Among those present at the Chicago conference was President James C. Craig of the Citizens' Alliance of Denver. Within three weeks after its creation on April 9, the Citizens' Alliance of Denver had enrolled nearly 3,000 individual and corporate members, and had a war chest of nearly $20,000. Both the NAM and the Citizens' Alliance of Denver believed in the principle of an employer's absolute control over the management of business. Craig led the fight against union labor throughout Colorado. The organization had a "clandestine character," and all the inner workings of the organization were enshrouded "in deep secrecy," raising the possibility that "the group might take extralegal action against all organized labor." The alliance stepped into the middle of labor disputes, and one of their early accomplishments was preventing amicable settlements between companies and their unions. Other employers' alliances in Colorado followed the constitutional formula of the Citizens' Alliance of Denver.
Eight-hour day strike defeated in Idaho Springs.
When the WFM's drive for the eight-hour day, supported by a majority vote of Colorado citizens, was thwarted, first by the judiciary and then by the state government, anger and frustration provoked walkouts by several WFM locals. It was the combination of corporate power, municipal power in the form of police protection, and leadership and coordination by the alliance that thwarted those strikes for the eight-hour day. In Idaho Springs, where strikebreakers worked in the mine, an explosion destroyed the powerhouse. One union miner had been mortally injured, and authorities therefore concluded that the union was responsible. A citizens' alliance type organization called the Citizens' Protective League stepped in and, 
...for all practical purposes, displaced local authorities. This was the first takeover of civil government by an employers' association which occurred during the Peabody administration. The league was responsible for what happened to the union members who were swept up in the dragnet following the blast.
Suggs recorded,
of the league decided that the most effective way to stop the thrust for an eight-hour day was to drive union leaders from the district. However, despite their control of the community, the league hesitated to use this drastic measure without public endorsement. On the night of July 29, after a day of angry threats to dynamite the jail and its [union prisoners, nearly 500 citizens, including the majority of the town's businessmen, convened at the call of the league to plan a course of action. City officials openly participated in the proceedings. Prominent residents like Lafayette Hanchette, president of the First National Bank, whipped up the emotions of the crowd with inflammatory speeches which condemned the WFM, blamed its local officials for the powerhouse episode, and demanded that the men arrested and jailed for the crime be driven out of town. Moderates who counseled against mob action and urged that the guilt of the prisoners be determined by due process were ignored.
After expelling twenty-three union men from the community, the League took action to prevent any response by the union. They:
"directed law enforcement, held secret strategy sessions, ordered the arrest and interrogation of suspects whom they held incommunicado, watched incoming trains, and warned union sympathizers to leave town."
Although this was a "brazen, illegal exercise of power," Governor Peabody chose to ignore it. District Judge Frank W. Owens recognized the illegality of the expulsions, and issued an injunction against the League to prevent interference with the return of the union miners. Eight WFM members returned to Idaho Springs, were arrested and tried for the powerhouse explosion, and were acquitted. Owens then issued bench warrants for 129 of the Citizens' Protective League vigilantes who were charged with "rioting and making threats and assaults." The district attorney had cooperated with the League, and declined to prosecute the warrants.
A labor dispute escalates.
In late 1902, the Western Federation of Miners boasted seventeen thousand members in one hundred locals. Bill Haywood, its powerful secretary treasurer and second in the chain of command, had adopted much of the industrial unionism philosophy of his mentor, former WFM leader Ed Boyce. Boyce had gone toe to toe with Samuel Gompers, head of the conservative AFL, over the question of union philosophy. Boyce and Haywood took to heart a lesson from the phenomenal success of the 1894 Pullman Strike when the American Railway Union (ARU) voted to join in solidarity, and also from the U.S. government's subsequent crushing of that strike with U.S. marshals and the United States army. From an industrial unionist point of view, that strike offered the opportunity for victory when members of the ARU selflessly voted support, yet was lost when leaders of the AFL failed to heed the call for a general strike in Chicago to defend the railway workers.
Where craft unionists of the AFL variety might have drawn the lesson that it was better for union workers to fight for members of their own craft, Haywood adopted the philosophy that labor needed more, not less, industrial unionism. To Haywood, a miner's union such as the WFM organizing other workers in the industry simply made good sense. A logical extension of that philosophy, then, was that all workers in an industrial union ought to be willing to stand up for the rights of other workers. When it came to those who milled the ore, Haywood believed he had the necessary weapon to force the mill owners to negotiate: the solidarity of the workers in the mines that fed the mills.
A strike against the ore mills.
In August 1902, the WFM organized the mill workers of Colorado City, who refined the ore brought down from the Cripple Creek District. The mill operators hired Pinkerton detective A.H. Crane to infiltrate and spy upon the local union. Crane became "rather influential" in the union, and forty-two union men were fired. It was "practically admitted" that the dismissals were simply for joining the union. Charles MacNeill, vice-president and general manager of the United States Reduction and Refining Company (USRRC), refused to negotiate with the union, declining even to accept a document with the union's list of demands. The demands were moderate, requesting the rehiring of the union workers, the right to organize, and a small minimum wage increase. Thwarted in their efforts to negotiate, the mill workers went on strike on February 14 to protest the dismissals. When other mills also declined to accept the union's terms, they were struck as well.
Throughout the strike there was close cooperation between the mill operators and El Paso County law enforcement personnel. General Manager MacNeill received an appointment as deputy sheriff, and for a time the USRRC paid the salaries of additional deputies protecting its properties. Limited production continued with non-union workers, and strike-breakers were hired with the understanding that their jobs were permanent. Tensions mounted on the picket line, and the sheriff appointed more than seventy men for strike duty. But MacNeill was demanding 250 guards for the USRRC properties alone. W.R. Gilbert, sheriff of El Paso County, requested troops from the governor. He alleged to the governor that a state of riot existed in Colorado City. Yet it wasn't true; Benjamin Rastall, who wrote a Ph.D. thesis on the strike in 1905, declared that there was "no apparent necessity for the presence of troops... Colorado City was quiet... No destruction of property had occurred, and 65 deputies would seem an ample number." Gilbert later testified during an investigation that the troops were necessary not to suppress existing violence, but to "prevent" it. The investigation revealed enormous pressure on the sheriff from the refining companies to secure state troops.
National Guard troops were deployed and more than three hundred soldiers escorted non-union employees to and from work. The Colorado City mayor, the chief of police, and the city attorney complained to the governor, stating in a letter that "there is no disturbance here of any kind." At least 600 citizens of Colorado City opposed the deployment by signing petitions or sending wires to the governor stating, for example, that "a few occasional brawls" did not justify military occupation. But the soldiers dispersed union pickets. They searched union member's homes and they put the union hall under surveillance. They backed up their activities with two gatling guns.
The governor shows his colors.
Meanwhile, Governor Peabody took other actions which demonstrated that his support for Colorado's employers, and his disinclination to protect the civil rights of union members, were not aberrations. He worked in close association with Craig to form an employer-based citizens' alliance for his home town of Canon City, which the governor later joined. He appointed an anti-union mine manager and former sheriff's deputy from the Cripple Creek District, Sherman Bell, to the office of adjutant general, essentially insuring collusion between the mine operators and the Colorado National Guard. Bell was described as "an arrogant megalomaniac who thought that all labor problems were susceptible to a military solution."
For secretary of Colorado's state military board, Peabody appointed John Q. MacDonald, who happened to be manager of the Union smelter at Florence, part of the USRRC, the company that was in the middle of a Western Federation of Miners strike.
But Peabody wasn't finished with his provocative appointments. He was entitled by law to appoint two aides-de-camp, and these two men, Spencer Penrose and Charles M. MacNeill, were respectively treasurer, and vice-president/general manager of the USRRC. Peabody described MacNeill and Penrose as his two "Colorado Springs Colonels," referring to the community most favored by wealthy mine and mill owners.
The enemies of the Western Federation of Miners not only possessed the desire, they now controlled a military force capable of crushing the union, and all they needed was the excuse.
For ten years the WFM had succeeded repeatedly with short demonstration strikes, significant displays of solidarity, and negotiated settlements. The union believed that the mill workers' strike would be no different. In the past, many would-be adversaries had cooperated with the WFM because of their militant strength. But the alignment of power changed dramatically with a business-friendly governor, and employer representatives of a "struck" company in key positions in the Colorado National Guard.
The executive board of the WFM asked all mines to stop shipments of ore to the offending mills. This time the Cripple Creek Mine Owners' Association refused. Their refusal coincided roughly with a request sent to the governor for troops in Colorado City, site of some of the mills. The governor spoke to representatives of the union, but he simultaneously sought information about obtaining "an allotment of Krag guns," because "a serious strike was imminent."
Over the protests of local authorities, Governor Peabody would eventually send the Colorado National Guard to Telluride, the southern coal fields, Colorado City, and the Cripple Creek District.
Not all operators are ready to crush the union.
However, the mill owners were not yet united. Officials at the Portland and Telluride mills in Colorado City accepted the union's terms, and their mills became unionized.
In the years prior to the Peabody administration, employers had sometimes disagreed with each other as much as with the union. Some operators held both mine and mill properties, others were concerned with what seemed to be exorbitant milling fees. Some owners controlled railroad interests, an additional complicating factor. One owner, Winfield Scott Stratton, was a working class miner who struck it rich. He identified with working people and always treated his employees better than did the other owners. He might have exerted a moderating influence on other mine owners, but he died in September 1902, shortly before Peabody came to power.
Faced with the possibility of a strike of "all" the WFM-organized mines to support the union effort at the mills, even MacNeill, the USRRC vice-president, general manager, deputy sheriff, and "Colorado Springs Colonel," eventually talked with the union, at Peabody's invitation. In light of subsequent events, Rastall wrote that it was "greatly to be regretted that Manager MacNeill insisted on taking such an uncompromising attitude... The union was acting in a conciliatory spirit, and had shown its willingness to come more than half way." No agreement was forthcoming. But then the WFM called some temporary strikes, and mines that fed MacNeill's mills stopped ore shipments. MacNeill agreed to meet with a committee of mill workers, but not with the union, and they came to a verbal agreement. Or so they thought.
MacNeill hired back most of the strikers, but they were offered different, less satisfactory jobs than they'd held before. MacNeill had promised to rehire all but fourteen union members, yet forty-two WFM members were not rehired. Some union men refused the proffered jobs because they had once belonged to other union men who were not re-hired. The union felt that MacNeill had acted, at least partly, in bad faith. The differences in pay and working conditions between the mills that had settled, and those that only partially implemented an agreement, became an issue. Then the Telluride mill threatened to cut wages. There seemed to be no easy solution to a chaotic situation. The WFM leadership called a strike in all mines that shipped ore to Colorado City, and more than three thousand five hundred miners in the Cripple Creek District walked out to support the mill workers. The die had been cast.
The strike spreads to Cripple Creek.
Even as the strike spread from the mills in Colorado City to the mines in the Cripple Creek District, it still seemed possible — at least to some of the WFM leaders, WFM President Moyer included — that the union could still enlist some mine owners to pressure mill operators to settle the strike. However, although individual owners remained divided, the Cripple Creek Mine Owners' Association pre-empted any such consideration, declaring that none of the WFM's issues were local to the Cripple Creek District. Indeed, that argument by the CCMOA resonated with many of the union miners, who had given up their right to vote on strikes individually in their convention, and may have privately had second thoughts.
But the maverick owner of the Portland mine, who had come to terms with the union five months earlier over the mill workers' strike, once again broke ranks with the other mine/mill operators and came to an agreement with the WFM. Five hundred miners returned to work, offering a glimmer of hope to the WFM leadership.
The WFM wielded tremendous economic leverage in the Cripple Creek District. Unfortunately, everything depended upon the mining of gold. Merchants were concerned that the union seemed willing to hold the local economy hostage, all for the sake of mill workers who weren't even in the district. The concept of industrial unionism may have seemed obvious to union miners, but it wasn't a persuasive philosophy to their creditors. Many of the merchants announced that they would sell only for cash, cutting off credit for miners on strike. Then Craig arrived to help the merchants establish the Cripple Creek District Citizens' Alliance, with about five hundred businessmen and others joining up in the first week.
By the end of August 1903 the entire district was polarized and tense, with any chance for a settlement rapidly slipping away. Mine owners and businessmen had concluded that the central issue of the strike was who would control the district, and they were reluctant to give up any of the control that they had.
Several incidents occurred in the Cripple Creek District, some strike related, some probably not. A union member's house burned, and so did the shaft-house at the Sunset-Eclipse mine. Some individuals were beaten, possibly related to the strike. Sheriff Henry Robertson, a member of the WFM, deputized guards for the mines, their salaries provided by the mine operators. The sheriff saw no reason to request state support, insisting that he was investigating the crimes. The county commissioners and the mayor of Cripple Creek supported the sheriff. The mine owners disagreed, and so did Mayor French of nearby Victor, who happened to be manager of the C.C.C. Sampler.
The National Guard intervenes in Cripple Creek.
Although he had been enormously pleased with support for intervention in Colorado City by wealthy employers, bankers and businessmen around the state, Governor Peabody hesitated. WFM President Charles Moyer had portrayed the Colorado City intervention as unnecessary, and certainly many had seen it that way. But the hesitation appeared to be only for appearances; Peabody appointed three individuals to an investigative team, two of whom had already recommended intervention. The union was not consulted during their investigation, and only Sheriff Robertson and Mayor Shockey were able to speak out against intervention. The commission concluded that a "reign of terror" existed in the district, and intervention was justified. The Cripple Creek Mine Owners' Association agreed to secretly finance the troops. By the end of September 1903 nearly a thousand soldiers were guarding the Cripple Creek District mines and patrolling the roads.
As in Colorado City, the civil authorities and a large number of citizens in the Cripple Creek District deplored the intervention. The county commissioners unanimously condemned it. The Victor city council claimed that Mayor French had deliberately misrepresented conditions and the wishes of his constituents when he supported intervention. Sheriff Robertson declared publicly that the governor had exceeded his authority. Mass meetings and demonstrations opposed the decision. More than two thousand signatures were collected on petitions protesting the action.
Yet the CCMOA, the Cripple Creek Citizens' Alliance, and other employers' associations supported the action. The goal of the employers' organizations was not just ending the strike, but terminating the influence of the union. The CCMOA announced plans to sweep the WFM from the district. Peabody facilitated that goal in his orders to Sherman Bell, which directed the National Guard to assume the responsibilities of the local sheriff and civil officials.
Ready for war.
In her 1998 book "All That Glitters", historian Elizabeth Jameson included an assessment of the threat of violence:
A Pinkerton detective reported that there was "no radical talk or threats of any kind that I can hear, on the part of the miners," that the soldiers and miners were becoming friendly, and that some soldiers sympathized with the strikers.
But the National Guard leaders were ready for war. A thousand Krag-Jorgensen rifles and sixty thousand rounds of ammunition were sent to the district. Jameson also wrote about the intentions of Sherman Bell, the former mine manager:
Bell was direct about his purpose: "I came to do up this damned anarchistic federation." His junior officer, Thomas McClellend, declared, "To hell with the constitution, we aren't going by the constitution." Bell justified the ensuing reign of terror as a "military necessity, which recognizes no laws, either civil or social."
Sherman Bell was able to supplement his official state salary with $3,200 annual pay from the mine owners, and he may have wanted them to know they would get their money's worth. Rastall said of Bell,
He returned to Colorado the Spanish-American War to be hailed as a popular hero for a time, but soon lost the admiration of the public through his overbearing ways and self-conceit... his idea seemed to have been to make the most gorgeous military display possible, and to give himself the largest notoriety as a military leader.
George Suggs observed,
Using force and intimidation to shut off debate about the advisability of the state's intervention, Brigadier General John Chase, Bell's field commander, systematically imprisoned without formal charges union officials and others who openly questioned the need for troops. Included among those jailed were a justice of the peace, the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, and a member of the WFM who had criticized the guard and advised the strikers not to return to the mines.
Suggs continued,
So frequently were individuals placed in the military stockade or "bull pen" at Goldfield for reasons of "military necessity" and for "talking too much" in support of the strike that the "Cripple Creek Times" of September 15 advised its readers not to comment on the strike situation. Not even the newspapers escaped harassment. When the Victor "Daily Record," a strong voice of the WFM, erroneously charged that one of the soldiers was an ex-convict, its staff was imprisoned before a retraction could be published.
While Victor "Daily Record" editor George Kyner and four printers were in the bullpen, Emma Langdon, a Linotype typesetting machine operator married to one of the imprisoned printers, sneaked into the "Daily Record" office and barricaded herself inside. She printed the next edition of the paper, and then delivered it to the prisoners in the bullpen, surprising the guards in the process.
On September 10 the National Guard began "a series of almost daily arrests" of union officers and men known to be strongly in sympathy with the unions. When District Judge W. P. Seeds of Teller County held a hearing on writs of habeas corpus for four union men held in the stockade, Sherman Bell's response was caustic. "Habeas corpus be damned," he declared, "we'll give 'em post mortems." Approximately ninety cavalrymen entered Cripple Creek and surrounded the courthouse. The prisoners were escorted into the courtroom by a company of infantry equipped with loaded rifles and fixed bayonets, and the soldiers remained standing in a line during the court sessions. Other soldiers took up sniper positions and set up a gatling gun in front of the courthouse. Angered by the intimidating display, an attorney for the prisoners refused to proceed and left the court. Undaunted after several days of such displays, the judge ruled for the prisoners. Judge Seeds commented in his closing remarks,
I trust that there will never again be such an unseemly and unnecessary intrusion of armed soldiers in the halls and about the entrances of American Courts of Justice. They are intrusions that can only tend to bring this court into contempt, and make doubtful the boasts of that liberty that is the keynote of American Government.
Yet Chase refused to release the men until Governor Peabody ordered him to do so.
Even those Colorado newspapers which had supported the intervention expressed concern that court orders were not being obeyed by the National Guard. The "Army and Navy Journal" weighed in, observing that the Colorado National Guard had been placed,
...in the relation of hired men to the mine operators and arrangement morally suspended their function of state military guardians of the public peace. It was a rank perversion of the whole theory and purpose of the National Guard, and more likely to incite disorder than prevent it.
The Colorado Constitution of the period "declares that the military shall always be in strict subordination to the civil power." The district court ruled that Bell and Chase should be arrested for violating the law. Bell responded by declaring that no civil officer would be allowed to serve civil processes to any National Guard officer on duty.
Within a week after the arrival of troops, the Findlay, Strong, Elkton, Tornado, Thompson, Ajax, Shurtloff, and Golden Cycle mines began operations again, and recruited replacement workers were "practically forced" to go to work. The mine owners recruited from surrounding states, telling the potential miners that there was no strike. Emil Peterson, a worker recruited from Duluth, ran when he realized the purpose of the military escort. Lieutenant Hartung fired a pistol at him as he ran. A warrant for the lieutenant was ignored by the military officers.
The CCMOA began to pressure companies to fire union miners who were still working in mines that had not been struck. Companies that refused to do so, or who in some other way refused to join the employers' alliance movement, were blacklisted. When the Woods Investment Company ordered their employees to quit the WFM, the employees joined the strike instead. The superintendent and the shift bosses accompanied all of the workers out the door.
A plot to derail a train.
In the election of 1903, organized labor won a victory. Claiming that the mine owners controlled both the Republican and the Democratic candidates for county assessor, Teller county labor united behind a candidate on the Independent Citizens ticket, and won. A different story dominated the local news, however. A railroad track walker had discovered missing spikes.
According to Peter Carlson, author of the book "Roughneck," written about the life of WFM leader Big Bill Haywood, the incident at first appeared to be an attempt to wreck a train carrying strike breakers to non-union mines. A former member of the WFM by the name of H.H. McKinney was arrested and confessed to K.C. Sterling, a detective employed by the Mine Owners' Association, and D.C. Scott, a detective for the railroad, that he had pulled the spikes. McKinney implicated the president of District Union No. 1, the president of the Altman local, and a WFM activist in an alleged conspiracy to wreck the train. But then McKinney repudiated his confession by writing a second confession, stating that he had been promised a pardon, immunity, a thousand dollars, and a ticket to wherever he and his wife wanted to go, to "any part of the world," if he would lie about the spikes. He didn't know who had pulled them, and the first confession had been brought to him, already prepared, while he was in the jail.
McKinney and his wife were then given new suits of clothing, and he was granted "unusual privileges", allowed to spend time away from the jail for free meals and to see his wife. A trial was held for the three union men, and McKinney changed his story again, this time asserting that his original confession was true, and that the repudiation was false. He testified that he didn't know who paid for the meals and clothes.
But some of the testimony in the trial implicated the detectives who had arrested McKinney. One of the two arresting detectives admitted to being employed by the CCMOA for "secret work," and a third detective confessed to helping plot the derailing. One of the detectives had also been seen with another man working on the railroad tracks. The plot had been hatched by detectives employed by the railroad and the Mine Owners Association, with the intent of blaming the union.
Rastall reported that McKinney testified he would be willing to kill two hundred or more people for five hundred dollars. In his autobiography, Bill Haywood, the secretary treasurer of the Western Federation of Miners, stated that the president of the Victor Miners' Union and many other union men were on the train. Haywood described McKinney as a "rounder and a pimp" who had also worked with a third detective named (Charles) Beckman, from the Thiel Detective Service Company. Beckman had worked undercover as a member of Victor Miners Union No. 32 since April. His wife was an undercover member of the union's Ladies' Auxiliary.
Additional testimony indicated that Detective Scott inquired of a railroad engineer named Rush, where would be the worst place for a train wreck. Rush pointed out the high bridge where, if a rail was pulled, the train would crash three or four hundred feet down an embankment, killing or injuring all on the train. Scott told Rush to be on the lookout for damaged track that night at that spot. Later that evening Rush stopped his train, walked ahead on the track and discovered that spikes had been pulled.
Sterling admitted in his testimony that the three detectives had tried to induce WFM members to derail the train. But in Bill Haywood's perception, Detectives Sterling and Scott put all the blame on McKinney and Detective Beckman. A jury of non-union ranchers and timbermen unanimously found the three union men "not guilty." McKinney was allowed to go free on the train-wrecking charge, but was later arrested for perjury. He was released on $300 bond, which the Mine Owners' Association covered. Detectives Sterling, Scott, and Beckman were never arrested.
Telluride inspires a famous poster.
In Telluride, all was peaceful. Peabody withdrew the militia, and dozens of expelled strikers returned to the area. The Citizens' Alliance responded by issuing National Guard rifles to attendees at their meeting. The meeting was adjourned and the armed vigilantes immediately rounded up seventy-eight of the union men and sympathizers, and expelled them again.
During the Telluride strike, a union man named Henry Maki had been chained to a telegraph pole. Bill Haywood used a photo of Maki to illustrate a poster displaying an American flag, with the caption, "Is Colorado in America?" The poster was widely distributed, and gained considerable attention for the WFM strike. Peter Carlson describes the "desecrated flag" poster as famous, and "perhaps the most controversial broadside in American history."
The WFM obtained an injunction against further deportations in Telluride, and WFM President Charles Moyer decided to go there to test the injunction. Moyer was arrested on a charge of desecrating the flag for having signed the poster, and the National Guard refused to release him when the civilian courts ordered them to do so. For the journey, Moyer had accepted an offer from a Cripple Creek striker by the name of Harry Orchard to travel along as a bodyguard. Orchard was destined to become one of America's most famous, and controversial, assassins.
The Pinkerton factor.
Much of the history of the Cripple Creek strike is shrouded in mystery because Harry Orchard was such a riddle. Who was he working for? What were his goals? In a trial three years later, Orchard would confess to having served as a paid informant for the Mine Owners Association. He reportedly told a companion, G.L. Brokaw, that he had been a Pinkerton employee for some time. Perhaps Orchard was a Pinkerton operative who later pressed his luck too far, or perhaps he simply had his own agenda and sought opportunity working for both sides in labor disputes. Newspaper reporters were initially very impressed with his calm demeanor on the witness stand, even under cross-examination. But historians still disagree about Harry Orchard's bloody legacy.
In 1875, some thirty years earlier, an agent for the Pinkerton detective agency infiltrated an organization of rebellious Pennsylvania coal miners called the Molly Maguires. After James McParland's testimony resulted in the execution of nineteen union men in the subsequent trials, he moved to Denver to run the regional Pinkerton office. McParland directed the activities of scores of spies that had been placed within the Western Federation of Miners. Charles MacNeill, general manager of the USRRC refining company, had been a Pinkerton client since 1892. 
One Pinkerton spy was assigned to sabotage the union's relief program during a strike. Bill Haywood, Secretary Treasurer of the WFM, wrote about the sabotage in his autobiography:
I had been having some difficulty with the relief committee of the Denver smelter men. At first we had been giving out relief at such a rate that I had to tell the chairman that he was providing the smelter men with more than they had had while at work. Then he cut down the rations until the wives of the smelter men began to complain that they were not getting enough to eat. Years later, when his letters were published in "The Pinkerton Labor Spy", I discovered that the chairman of the relief committe (sic) was a Pinkerton detective, who was carrying out the instructions of the agency in his methods of handling the relief work, deliberately trying to stir up bad feeling between the strikers and the relief committee.
Historian J. Bernard Hogg, who wrote "Public Reaction to Pinkertonism and the Labor Question," observed:
Much of the hard feeling toward the Pinkertons was engendered by the fact that not infrequently detectives worked their way into high positions in the union and then revealed the intentions of the organization to the employer.
A second and similar function of the detective was to work his way into the union during strikes. From this advantageous position information could be secured against the leaders; and if arrest and conviction followed, the strike would be broken...
A detective will join the ranks of the strikers and at once become an ardent champion of their cause. He is next found committing an aggravated assault
upon some man or woman who has remained at work, thereby bringing down upon the heads of the officers and members of the assembly or union directly interested, the condemnation of all honest people, and aiding very materially to demoralize the organization and break their ranks. He is always on hand in the strikers'
meeting to introduce some extremely radical measure to burn the mill or wreck a train, and when the meeting has adjourned he is ever ready to furnish the Associated Press with a full account of the proposed action, and the country is told that a "prominent and highly respected member" of the strikers' organization
has just revealed a most daring plot to destroy life and property, but dare not become known in connection with the exposure for fear of his life!
Hogg makes several additional points that are of interest: a local sheriff was frequently overwhelmed by the requirements of managing a strike, thus necessitating the "Pinkerton" role; that Pinkerton guards were secured "by advertising, by visiting United States recruiting offices for rejectees, and by frequenting water fronts where men were to be found going to sea as a last resort of employment," and that " labor they were a 'gang of toughs and ragtails and desperate men, mostly recruited by Pinkerton and his officers from the worst elements of the community.'" This may be an overly-broad generalization, but the description appears to fit well in the case of Harry Orchard.
The Colorado National Guard ensures its status.
To the thoughtful observer, it may be unseemly that a military force of the state, called upon to keep the peace in a dispute between two parties (the mine owners, and the miners), might be funded primarily by one side in that dispute. Nonetheless, such was the case with the Colorado National Guard during the Colorado Labor Wars. In the analysis of historian Melvyn Dubofsky, the Colorado National Guard served private capital more than the public interest. Yet the National Guard leadership wasn't beyond "reminding" their wealthy benefactors to live up to their arrangement, even if it required a little mayhem, or even gunfire.
An item in "The Public", a Chicago newspaper, from November 5, 1904, is worth quoting in full:
Further light on the miners' troubles in Colorado (p. 372) alluded to above has been shed by two members of the Colorado militia, one of them a commissioned officer. The officer, Major Francis J. Ellison, has sworn to the following affidavit, made public at Denver on the 29th:
State of Colorado, City and County of Denver—Francis J. Ellison, being first duly sworn, upon his oath deposes and says: That on the 12th day of December, 1903, at the request of Adjutant General Sherman M. Bell, I went to the Cripple Creek district on special military duty, and from that time have been continuously in the service of the State, both in the Cripple Creek district and in the Trinidad district. When General Bell first sent me to Victor I offered him certain evidence in regard to the perpetrators of the Vindicator explosion, which he has failed to follow up, but which would have led to the arrest and conviction of the men who are responsible for the placing of that infernal machine. At about the 20th of January, 1904, by order of the adjutant of Teller County military district, and under special direction of Major T. E. McClelland and General F. M. Reardon, who was the Governor's confidential adviser regarding the conditions in that district, a series of street fights were commenced between men of Victor and soldiers of the National Guard on duty there. Each fight was planned by General Reardon or Major McClelland and carried out under their actual direction. Major McClelland's instructions were literally to knock them down, knock their teeth down their throats, bend in their faces, kick in their ribs and do everything except kill them. These fights continued more or less frequently up to the 22d of March. About the middle of February General Reardon called me into Major McClelland's office and asked me if I had a man in whom I could place absolute confidence. I called in Sergeant J. A. Chase, Troop C, First Cavalry, N. G. C., and, in the presence of Sergeant Chase, he stated to me that, owing to the refusal of the Mine Owners' Association to furnish the necessary money to meet the payroll of the troops, it had become necessary to take some steps to force them to put up the cash, and he desired me to take Sergeant Chase and hold up or shoot the men coming off shift at the Vindicator mine at 2 o'clock in the morning. I told General Reardon that I was under the impression that most of these men caught the electric car that stopped at the shaft house so that such a plan would be impracticable. He then said to me that the same end could be reached if I would take the sergeant and fire fifty or sixty shots into the Vindicator shaft house at some time during the night. Owing to circumstances making it impossible for Sergeant Chase to accompany me, I took Sergeant Gordon Walter of the same troop and organization, and that same night did at about 12:30 o'clock fire repeatedly into the Vindicator and Lillie shaft house. Something like sixty shots were fired from our revolvers at this time. Afterwards we mounted our horses and rode into Victor and into the Military Club, reporting in person to General Reardon and Major McClelland. The next day General Reardon directed me to take Sergeant Walter and look over the ground in the rear of the Findlay mine with a view of repeating the performance there, but before the plan could be carried out General Reardon countermanded the order, stating his reason to be that the mine owners had promised to put up the necessary money the next day, which, as a matter of fact, they did. General Reardon, in giving me directions regarding the shooting up of the Vindicator shaft house, stated that Governor Peabody, General Bell, he himself, and I were the only ones who knew anything about the plan.
Maj. Ellison's affidavit is corroborated by the affidavits of Sergeants Chase and Walters, whom he mentions.
The "Durango Democrat" reported that Major Ellison's testimony was "unquestionably true, being corroborated by the affidavits of other guardsmen, and victims of the whitecappers."
Union violence, anti-union violence, and unnatural disasters.
Using dynamite to effect social changes seems to have been a tradition in the Cripple Creek District even when there was no strike. Private assay offices catered to the individual prospector, and to miners who secreted gold out of the mines. Mine owners were concerned about ore theft, and several large mines hired Pinkerton agents beginning in 1897, but high grading — the diversion of rich gold ore by miners — was difficult to control. Jameson observes that "the Mine Owners' Association paid (someone) to blow up assay offices in 1902 to try to stop high grading."
The Western Federation of Miners (or at least its members) routinely intimidated strike breakers, and also had resorted to violence, such as blowing up an Idaho mill in 1899.
That detectives hired by the mine owners sought to create incidents which could be blamed upon the union simply complicates our task in understanding who in particular inspired much of the violence. The Colorado Labor Wars are fascinating in part because we know so much, but we know so little "for certain."
On November 21, two management employees at the Vindicator mine were killed by an explosion at the 600 foot level. The coroner's jury could not determine what had caused the explosion. Although the mine was heavily guarded by soldiers and no unauthorized personnel were permitted to approach, the CCMOA blamed the explosion on the WFM. Fifteen strike leaders were arrested but were never prosecuted because evidence of their involvement never materialized.
The union blamed the employers for the Vindicator mine explosion, claiming it was just another devious plot that went wrong. They issued a pamphlet which attributed the motive for the explosion to the fact that "it was currently reported that the State militia was about to be ordered home, and the mine owners' association was against this removal." The Vindicator explosion occurred not quite three months prior to the "shooting" plot of the Colorado National Guard described by Major Ellison, who later testified to a motive quite similar to that speculated on by the union (that is, getting the Colorado National Guard forces paid to stay in the field).
The Vindicator incident and the apparent efforts to wreck a train raised tensions and provoked rumors throughout the Cripple Creek District. It was said that a shadowy vigilante organization called the Committee of 40, which was composed of "known 'killers' and the 'best' citizens," was formed to uphold law and order. The miners were said to have formed a "Committee of Safety" in response, for they feared that the Committee of 40 planned acts of violence that could be blamed on the WFM, thus creating a pretext for the union's destruction. The National Guard stepped up its harassment, and began arresting children who chided the soldiers. On December 4, 1903, the governor proclaimed that Teller County was in a "state of insurrection and rebellion" and he declared martial law.
Sherman Bell immediately announced that "the military will have sole charge of everything..." The governor seemed embarrassed at Bell's public interpretation of the decree and tried to soften the public perception. Bell was undeterred; within weeks, the National Guard suspended the Bill of Rights. Union leaders were arrested and either thrown in the bullpen, or banished. Prisoners who won habeas corpus cases were released in court and then immediately re-arrested. The Victor "Daily Record" was placed under military censorship, and all WFM-friendly information was prohibited. Freedom of assembly was not allowed. The right to bear arms was suspended—citizens were required to give up their firearms and their ammunition. An attorney who dared the Guard to come and get his guns found himself confronting soldiers and was shot in the arm. On January 7, 1904, the Guard criminalized "loitering or strolling about, frequenting public places where liquor is sold, begging or leading an idle, immoral, or profligate course of life, or not having any visible means of support."
On January 26, 1904, a cage full of non-union miners broke from the hoist at the Independence mine, and fifteen men fell to their deaths. The coroner's jury found that management was negligent, having failed to install safety equipment properly. The WFM echoed the accusation about negligence, while management claimed the WFM had tampered with the lift, in spite of the union having no access to the militarized property. Reportedly 168 men quit the mine.
On March 12, troops occupied the WFM's Union Hall in Victor. Merchants were arrested for displaying union posters. Then the CCMOA began pressuring employers inside and outside the district to fire union miners, issuing and requiring a "non-union card" to work in the area, while the WFM took counter-measures to limit the impact.
In spite of all the repression, only 300 of the original 3,500 strikers had returned to work as scabs. The rest of the miners had not repudiated their leadership, as the CCMOA had expected. There was evidence that the non-union mine operators were paying a heavy price for their actions, and the union believed that it was winning the strike.
Explosion at the Independence Depot.
On June 6, 1904, there was a horrific explosion at the Independence Depot. Thirteen non-union men were killed — some of them mutilated — and six more were injured. Sheriff Robertson rushed to the scene, roped off the area, and began an investigation.
The district split into opposing camps based upon whether the WFM was presumed innocent or guilty.
Immediately after the explosion, the CCMOA and the Citizens' Alliance met at Victor's Military Club in the Armory and plotted the removal of all civil authorities that they did not control. Their first target was Sheriff Robertson. When he declined to resign immediately, they fired several shots, produced a rope, and gave him the choice of resignation or immediate lynching. He resigned. The mine owners replaced him with a man who was a member of the CCMOA and of the Citizens' Alliance. In the next few days the CCMOA and the Citizens' Alliance forced more than thirty local officials to resign, and replaced them with enemies of the WFM.
Then ignoring the objections of the county commissioners, the employers called a town meeting directly across the street from the WFM Union Hall in Victor. The city marshal of Victor deputized about a hundred deputies to stop the meeting, but Victor Mayor French, an ally of the mine owners, fired the marshal. An angry crowd of several thousand gathered, and anti-union speeches were made by members of the CCMOA. Rastall records,
C.C. Hamlin of the Mine Owners' Association mounted an empty wagon, and began a speech which from the first became violent, unrestrained, with judgment and caution thrown to the winds, of a kind that could not but arouse to frenzy men whose passions were already deeply stirred... declared that the people should take the law into their own hands... A single shot was fired. Then there came a fusilade of shots... men were seen to draw their revolvers and fire simply at random into the crowd... Five men lay on the ground, two of them fatally wounded... The wonder is that twenty men were not killed instead of two.
Fifty union miners left the scene to cross the street to the union hall.
Company L of the National Guard, a detachment from Victor that was commanded by a mine manager, surrounded the WFM building, took up sniper positions on nearby rooftops, and began to fire volley after volley into the union hall. Four miners were hit, and the men inside were forced to surrender. The Citizens' Alliance and their allies then wrecked the hall, wrecked all other WFM halls in the district, and looted four WFM cooperative stores. The Victor "Daily Record" workforce was again arrested. The day of the explosion, all mine owners, managers, and superintendents were deputized. Groups of soldiers, sheriff's deputies, and citizens roamed the district, looking for union members. Approximately 175 people — union men, sympathizers, city officials — were locked into outdoor bullpens in Victor, Independence, and Goldfield. Food requirements were ignored until the Women's Auxiliary was eventually allowed to feed the men.
On June 7, the day after the explosion, the Citizens' Alliance set up kangaroo courts and deported 38 union members. General Sherman Bell arrived with instructions to legalize the process of deportation. He "tried" 1,569 union prisoners. More than 230 were judged guilty — meaning they refused to renounce the union — and were loaded onto special trains and dumped across the state line. For all practical purposes, in a matter of days the Western Federation of Miners had been destroyed in Colorado's mining camps.
Unionism scoured from the district.
Governor Peabody worked with the Italian secret service and the Italian consul in Denver to expel "undesirable aliens" from mining districts.
On June 8, General Bell attacked an unsuspecting camp of fifteen union prospectors eight miles south of Victor with one hundred and thirty soldiers and deputies. The miners, who altogether possessed two rifles, three shotguns, and five revolvers, were no match for their fully armed assailants. One was killed and fourteen surrendered.
Eight armed men destroyed the office and machinery of the pro-union Victor "Daily Record." The WFM was blamed, even though the printers recognized Citizens' Alliance members in the wrecking party. Governor Peabody offered to cover the losses with state funds, and the paper resumed operations as an anti-union paper.
The National Guard stopped all work at the remaining union mines. This anti-free enterprise action was carried out on the Portland mine, the Pride of Cripple Creek, the Winchester mine, and the Morgan leases at Anaconda. Miners were arrested at shift change and deported. The owner of the Portland mine filed lawsuits to challenge the mine closing, but he was stopped by stockholders who preferred a non-union mine.
General Bell then ordered that all aid to families left behind by the deported miners had to be channeled through the National Guard. By such means he hoped to starve them out, insuring that the miners would have no reason to return to the district. Members of the Women's Auxiliary who distributed food in secret were arrested, taken to the bullpen and intimidated, although they were not held. Over the coming weeks other incidents of intimidation, gunfire, beatings, and expulsion erased every visible trace of unionism in the district.
C.C. Hamlin, the secretary of the Mine Owners' Association who had started the riot, would later be elected District Attorney. When court cases were brought against mine owners, mine managers, mill owners, bankers, deputy sheriffs, and other members of the Citizens' Alliance for deporting the union men, and for beatings and destruction, Hamlin refused to prosecute any of the cases.
A Telluride merchant, Harry Floaten, had been deported for his union sympathies. He, along with others, tried for three days to meet with Governor Peabody about their treatment at the hands of an anti-union mob, but Peabody refused to see them. Floaten penned a bitter parody that, according to Peter Carlson, "channeled the miners' frustrations.":
The aftermath.
After decades of struggle in the mines of the West, the miners who made up the Western Federation of Miners had come to a class analysis of their circumstances. Haywood said that miners were exploited by "barbarous gold barons" who "did not find the gold, they did not mine the gold, they did not mill the gold, but by some weird alchemy all the gold belonged to them."
The language of the Cripple Creek District Citizens' Alliance suggests that they also viewed the struggle as a class conflict. Their resolutions to Governor Peabody spoke not of prosecuting the lawless strikers, but rather of ""controlling the lawless classes."" This view echoed that expressed by the governor when he declared martial law, declaring that such actions were taken to counter ""a certain class of individuals" who are acting together..."
The governor publicly allied himself with the employers' alliances, and he thanked Craig of the Denver Citizens' Alliance for the honor of receiving "membership card No. 1." The governor meanwhile spoke of his supporters — in particular, donors to a "Law and Order Banquet" — as the "best element of the State." The railroads offered half-priced fare for those attending the banquet, and "business and industrial leaders flocked into Denver from all over the state" to honor Governor Peabody for "his stand on law and order."
Harry Orchard and the Independence Depot explosion.
The explosion at the Independence Depot was never properly investigated, for the civil authorities were deposed or deported in the aftermath, and those who replaced them assumed WFM guilt. Nonetheless, it is generally accepted that Harry Orchard, the WFM member who for one day acted as a bodyguard to WFM President Charles Moyer, and who would later assassinate former Idaho governor Frank Steunenberg, may have been involved in the crime. Testimony in the Steunenberg case was only indirectly related to events in Colorado, so all inquiries into the Cripple Creek violence have been incomplete. But that testimony offers some intriguing insights.
In addition to admitting he had been a paid informer for the Mine Owners' Association and bragging about having been a Pinkerton agent, Orchard signed a confession to a series of bombings and shootings which had killed at least seventeen men, including the explosions at the Independence Depot and the Vindicator mine.
Orchard's testimony in the 1907 trial of Bill Haywood revealed that Orchard's contacts were K.C. Sterling, CCMOA detective, and D.C. Scott, the railroad detective, both of whom had been involved in the plot to wreck a train. Sterling had previously admitted the goal of blaming such violence on the Western Federation of Miners.
Unlike other WFM members, Orchard had freedom to operate. He testified that the detectives paid him small sums of money, and arranged safe passage for him through the National Guard lines where union men were not permitted. Orchard recalled that " told me if I ever got into trouble with the militia to let him know." Detective Scott, in fact, had taken direct orders from General Sherman Bell, and Major Ellison testified that Sherman Bell had been implicated in an earlier plot to "hold up or shoot" working miners just four months prior to the Independence Depot explosion.
Orchard blamed the WFM for directing him in a number of brutal attacks, including the explosion at the Independence depot. But there was circumstantial evidence and testimony implicating agents of the mine owners for that explosion. Witnesses to the depot explosion saw what may have been explosive powder being carried by CCMOA detective Al Bemore from the Vindicator mine to the depot. A bloodhound later followed a scent trail from the triggering device toward the Vindicator mine, and also to Detective Bemore's house. One source reported a meeting between Bemore and Orchard the day before the explosion.
K.C. Sterling was told via telephone of bloodhounds tracking to the Vindicator mine, and he allegedly said to call off the dogs, they were on a false scent, and he knew who the dynamiter was.
A.C. Cole was a former Victor high school teacher and Republican who served as secretary of the Victor Citizens' Alliance, and a second lieutenant of Company L, which fired upon the WFM union hall on the day of the depot explosion. He testified that preparations by the Victor militia had already been underway for the anticipated "riot" in the days preceding the explosion, and that they anticipated the specific date of a significant unspecified event. He had earlier been asked to participate in creating some sort of provocation, and refused. As a result of that refusal he was dismissed from his position with the Citizens' Alliance five days before the Independence Depot explosion occurred.
Cole stated that most of the militia and prominent members of the Citizens' Alliance stayed at the Baltimore Hotel in Victor the night before the explosion. A militia captain exhibited excitement and anticipation when he checked arms and supplies that night before the explosion. Cole testified that "It was generally understood and freely discussed that a riot was to be precipitated." Other members of the Victor militia corroborated Cole's story. Also, a sergeant in the Cripple Creek militia testified that he saw a murder committed by two Mine Owners' Association gunmen to keep someone quiet about the Independence depot explosion. There was additional testimony that the mine owners had plotted the Independence depot explosion, but had not intended to take lives. A couple of individuals stated, in effect, that a change of the work shift had put the non-union workers onto the depot platform at the wrong time.
On the question of violence.
It is widely accepted by popular writers and documentarians that the WFM was guilty of bombing the Independence Depot either because Harry Orchard was a union member, or because the WFM had the obvious motive of attacking strike breakers. An examination of conclusions drawn by a variety of writers and historians suggests that we should not accept the popular view so quickly.
Elizabeth Jameson summarized her research into the question of violence,
Whether or not individual members of the Western Federation of Miners committed violent acts during the strike, violence was not union policy. It was, however, the policy of the (Cripple Creek) Mine Owners' Association, the Citizens' Alliance, and the militia.
In 1906 Rastall concluded in part, before the Steunenberg trials in Idaho took place,
Concerning the crimes committed during the latter part of the strike so little evidence has been adduced, that judgment must, for the present, be suspended. Especially is this true since, at the time the outrages were committed, the district was completely in the hands of those who sought in every possible way to fasten the guilt upon the unions.
Rastall continues,
Many of the men employed as guards by the mine owners during the strike were roughs of the worst type, men with criminal records either before or since that time... there were in the employ of the Mine Owners' Association during the strike men capable of almost any crime, and that, as pointed out by the unions, these men might as logically be blamed for the overt acts of the strike as any men who could possibly have belonged to the unions.
Rastall appears to agree with some other writers that,
In the train wrecking case the union attorneys succeeded in throwing a great deal of suspicion on Detectives Scott and Sterling. Charles Beckman, who had joined the Federation as a detective for the mine owners, admitted that he had been urging the commission of various overt acts...
In spite of the portrayal of the WFM as a criminal organization, writer George Suggs concluded in his book about the Colorado Labor Wars,
"...at no time did the WFM engage in armed resistance against the constituted authorities, even when their extreme harassment and provocation might have justified it."
However, Suggs observed that in the Cripple Creek strike, "violence against union members and sympathizers was common."
In the century since the Colorado Labor Wars changed the political and economic landscape of the area, no clear and indisputable evidence has come to light exclusively implicating either the Western Federation of Miners, or the Mine Owners' Association and their allies, in the worst atrocities. Historians continue to debate who blew up the Independence Depot, and who paid them to do so. Arguments may be offered either way; absent any new evidence, expressions of certainty are almost certainly unwarranted.
Pinkertonism and "desperate men".
Coinciding with J. Bernard Hogg's analysis of agents provocateurs in "Pinkertonism and the Labor Question," William B. Easterly, president of WFM District Union No. 1, testified that the only person who discussed violence at Altman WFM meetings during the strike turned out to be a detective.
J. Bernard Hogg also wrote of "toughs and ragtails and desperate men, mostly recruited by Pinkerton and his officers from the worst elements of the community." Harry Orchard's testimony revealed that he was a bigamist, and that he had burned businesses for the insurance money in Cripple Creek and Canada. Orchard had burglarized a railroad depot, rifled a cash register, stole sheep, and had made plans to kidnap children over a debt. He also sold fraudulent insurance policies.
Earlier in the strike, Detective Scott had paid Orchard, provided him with a railroad pass, and sent him to Denver where he would meet Bill Haywood for the first time, and offer his services as a bodyguard for Charles Moyer. That trip to Telluride delivered WFM President Moyer into the hands of the San Miguel County Sheriff and the National Guard. It is unknown whether this was coincidence or the result of a plan.
After former Idaho Governor Frank Steunenberg was murdered and evidence pointed at Orchard, Pinkerton Detective James McParland obtained Orchard's confession by threatening him with immediate hanging, and said that he could avoid that fate only if he testified against leaders of the WFM. As, apparently, in McKinney's case and the Steve Adams case, Orchard was offered the possibility of freedom and a vague promise of financial reward for implicating union officials in court, with witness coaching as part of the package.
According to Peter Carlson's 1971 book "Roughneck," Orchard's "original" confession has never been released. In 1907 a comprehensive Orchard confession was published for public consumption; in that document Orchard describes experimenting with a pistol as a triggering device for explosives. Shattered pistols were found at the Vindicatior explosion site and the Independence Depot explosion site. These and other claims are worth exploring, but there were also some significant contradictions in Orchard's allegations.
There was an accusation by Steve Adams that Orchard's trial confession was revised with McParland's help over many months. It is not known what Orchard's original confession looked like. The results of his confession and testimony as translated into court decisions is history.
Orchard attempted to implicate at least five WFM men in the crimes to which he confessed. Three of those men stood trial in five court cases, four trials in Idaho and one in Colorado. The juries did not find Orchard's testimony sufficiently credible to convict any of the three defendants who actually stood trial. The charges against the fourth, WFM president Moyer, were dismissed, and the fifth individual, a WFM executive board member, could not be found.
Eventually alone facing justice, Orchard was arraigned for Steunenberg's murder in District Court at Caldwell, Idaho, on Tuesday, March 10, 1908. He pleaded guilty. On March 18, 1908, Judge Fremont Wood sentenced Orchard to hang on the execution date of May 15, 1908. His sentence was commuted, and he lived out the rest of his life in an Idaho prison.
The union philosophy of Bill Haywood.
As before, Bill Haywood's faith in industrial unionism was animated in part by a sense of betrayal. The Western Federation of Miners had been powerful in Colorado, but failed to gain the support of AFL unions, thus becoming vulnerable to a striker replacement strategy. Haywood's analysis concluded that the strike was defeated when unionized railroad workers — all members of AFL craft unions — continued to haul ore from the mines to the mills, in spite of strike breakers having been introduced at mine and at mill. "The railroaders form the connecting link in the proposition that is scabby at both ends," Haywood wrote. "This fight, which is entering its third year, could have been won in three weeks if it were not for the fact that the trade unions are lending assistance to the mine operators."
Haywood was particularly incensed that AFL leader Samuel Gompers had joined the National Civic Federation, "an organization devoted more to industrial peace than to industrial justice."
The Western Federation of Miners after the Colorado Labor Wars.
The Western Federation of Miners didn't die during the Colorado Labor Wars. A number of WFM miners and leaders traveled to Chicago in 1905 to help launch the Industrial Workers of the World. The Cripple Creek strike officially ended in December 1907, although for all practical purposes it had ended three years earlier.
In 1909 the Colorado State Legislature paid $60,000 to the Western Federation of Miners as compensation for damages inflicted by state troops on the WFM cooperative stores in the Cripple Creek District, and on the WFM union hall in Victor.
The WFM later changed its name to the International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers. Under that name the union inspired the movie Salt of the Earth. The renamed union eventually merged with the United Steelworkers.
The Western Federation of Miners union hall in Victor, Colorado still stands, bullet holes and all, but is in need of restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="9858744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858744" title="Dennis van Scheppingen">
Dennis van Scheppingen

Dennis van Scheppingen (born 5 July 1975 in Mijdrecht, Utrecht) is a former professional tennis player from the Netherlands.
Turning pro in 1993, the right-hander van Scheppingen reached his highest individual ranking on the ATP Tour on 13 September 2004, when he became the number 72 of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9858747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858747" title="The Man Who Cast Two Shadows">
The Man Who Cast Two Shadows

The Man Who Cast Two Shadows is the second book in the Kathleen Mallory series written by Carol O'Connell. 
Mallory is a detective in New York City's Special Crimes Unit. Her colleagues fear she has been killed when a body is found in a park, similar in appearance and wearing a blazer embroidered with her name. Mallory quickly identifies the victim (whose fingers have been destroyed to hamper a positive ID) and she is given the case. The detectives only have three clues to work with including an unpublished manuscript, a missing computer file and a cat who knows the murderer. The clues point to three possible suspects who all live in the same building. Mallory starts baiting the killer with computer messages, but ends up becoming bait herself.

</doc>
<doc id="9858761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858761" title="Echinocardium">
Echinocardium

Echinocardium is a genus of sea urchins of the family Loveniidae, known as heart urchins. 

</doc>
<doc id="9858772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858772" title="Kinnernet">
Kinnernet

Kinnernet is an annual networking event for Internet professionals, held at the Ohalo Resort in Israel every Spring since 2003. Organised by Yossi Vardi, founding investor of ICQ, Kinnernet serves as a think tank for everything Internet, with some 250 attendees. Previous attendees include Martin Varshavsky, Loic LeMeur, Kevin Slavin, Nimrod Kozlovski, Jeff Pulver, Gary Shainberg, Eyal Hertzog and Yair Goldfinger.
Kinnernet is an invitation-only, self-organized "un-conference", originally inspired by Tim O'Reilly's Foo Camp. Kinnernet aims to provide Internet professionals, creatives and "geeks" the opportunity to gather informally and discuss topics of mutual interest.
Some discussion points later become topics at TheMarker, a two day Internet business conference in Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="9858792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858792" title="Tom Ethington">
Tom Ethington

Tom Ethington (born April 6, 1980 in Glenview, Illinois) is a lacrosse player for the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse and the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League. He played college lacrosse at the University of Denver. He was named in the initial Team USA squad for the 2007 World Indoor Lacrosse Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9858802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858802" title="Issan Dorsey">
Issan Dorsey

Issan Dorsey (March 7, 1933 — September 6, 1990), born Tommy Dorsey, Jr., was a Sōtō Zen monk and teacher, Dharma heir of Zentatsu Richard Baker and onetime abbot of Hartford Street Zen Center (HSZC) located in the Castro district of San Francisco, California. Earlier in his life he had worked as a prostitute and a drag queen, and had struggled at times with drug addiction. He died of complications from AIDS in 1990.
He established the Maitri Hospice at HSZC for students and friends dying of AIDS during the spread of the epidemic in the 1980s—the first Buddhist hospice of its kind in the United States. Numbers of his students and colleagues have observed that Dorsey was the embodiment of a bodhisattva.
Biography.
Issan Dorsey was born as Tommy Dorsey, Jr. in Santa Barbara, California in 1933. He was raised as a Catholic and was the youngest child of ten siblings. As a boy he aspired to become an entertainer and studied dance and piano. While in junior college he became dissatisfied with his life, so he left school and joined the U.S. Navy. In the military he was able to fulfill his childhood dream of being an entertainer, putting on shows at his base and on television shows. During the Korean War Dorsey and a male lover were expelled from the Navy, leaving him to spend several years in and out of employment. He finally settled into a job as a waiter for a bar in North Beach, eventually becoming a performer there as a drag queen. His shows were a success and he traveled in a road show known as The Party of Four. On the road in the 1950s he would sometimes work as a prostitute at shows and afterhours, developing a nasty methamphetamine addiction during this period. On the road during his shows Dorsey was introduced as, "Tommy Dee, the boy who looks like the girl next door."
In the 1960s he returned to San Francisco, where he continued to shoot speed and engaged in dealing drugs on lower Haight Street. He founded his own commune and also managed a rock band. During this period he had a spiritual experience under the influence of LSD while observing a photograph of Ramana Maharshi. He constructed an altar with Maharshi's photograph, where he would shoot speed and gaze at the picture for several hours. Soon, he gave up using drugs and started sitting zazen at the San Francisco Zen Center (SFZC) under the guidance of Shunryu Suzuki. In 1980 (while Dorsey was director of SFZC) he became a member of The Gay Buddhist Club, which eventually became known as the Hartford Street Zen Center (HSZC). Originally a discussion group for gay Buddhists, the group eventually began sitting zazen in the basement of one member's house at 57 Hartford Street. In 1987 Dorsey had created a hospice (Maitri Hospice) within the Zen center on Hartford Street, serving primarily gay men who were dying of AIDS. Eventually Dorsey was made a Sōtō priest by his teacher—Zentatsu Richard Baker—installed as abbot of HSZC in 1989 and given the Dharma name Issan (meaning "One-Mountain"). Shortly before death, in particularly poor health, Issan was recognized as a roshi. On September 6, 1990, Issan Dorsey died of complications linked to AIDS.

</doc>
<doc id="9858812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858812" title="Camilla Pistorello">
Camilla Pistorello

Camilla Pistorello (born 1 July 1987) is an Italian former ice dancer. She competed twice at the World Junior Championships, once each with Luca Lanotte and Matteo Zanni.

</doc>
<doc id="9858817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858817" title="1999 Atlantic Championship season">
1999 Atlantic Championship season

The 1999 Toyota Atlantic Championship season was contested over 12 rounds. The KOOL Toyota Atlantic Championship Drivers' Champion was Anthony Lazzaro driving for PPI Motorsports. 19 different teams and 44 different drivers competed. In this one-make formula all drivers had to utilize Swift chassis and Toyota engines. This season also saw a C2-class running older Ralt chassis and Toyota engines. In C2-class seven different drivers competed, but none of them for the whole season.
Final points standings.
Driver.
Main championship.
For every race the points were awarded: 20 points to the winner, 16 for runner up, 14 for third place, 12 for fourth place, 10 for fifth place, 8 for sixth place, 6 seventh place, winding down to 1 point for 12th place. Lower placed drivers did not award points. Additional points were awarded to the pole winner (1 point) and to the driver leading the most laps (1 point). C2-class drivers were not able to score points in the main class.
Note:
Race 8 Nicolas Rondet had 2 points deduction due to taking unjustifiable risk.
C2-Class championship.
Points system see above. But additional points only awarded for the fastest qualifier. No additional point awarded to the driver leading the most laps.
Note:
No more competitors in C2-class. Four races without a single entry.
Complete Overview.
R22=retired, but classified NS=did not start

</doc>
<doc id="9858834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858834" title="Louk Sanders">
Louk Sanders

Louk Sanders (born 9 May 1950 in Oegstgeest, Zuid-Holland) is a retired professional tennis player from the Netherlands.
Sanders was Holland's second best in the 1970s after Tom Okker. The right-hander reached his highest individual ranking on the ATP Tour on 31 December 1977, when he became the number 98 of the world. Sanders played for the Dutch Davis Cup team from 1974 to 1983. His best Grand Slam performance was reaching the third round of the French Open in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9858842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858842" title="Huancayo Province">
Huancayo Province

Huancayo Province is located in Peru and is one of the 9 provinces composing the Junín Region. It borders to the north with the Concepción Province, the east with the Satipo Province, the south with the Huancavelica Region and the west with the Chupaca Province. The province has an approximate population of 439 699 inhabitants. The capital of the province is the city of Huancayo.
Political division.
The province is divided into 28 districts over an area of 4 711,15 km². These districts are:

</doc>
<doc id="9858854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858854" title="Ortaköy Spor Kulübü">
Ortaköy Spor Kulübü

Ortaköy Spor Kulübü (OSK) was first formed in the 20th century, under a different name –“Ortaköy Idman Yurdu”, when a group of people at the Ortaköy decided to form football, ping pong, athletics and swimming teams. The club’s formal colours were orange and black.
After 1910, the club played under the name of “Ortaköy Gençlik Kulübü”. Soon after, the club continued playing in friendlies and local cup competitions for the next years. In 1930s the club turned professional and changed its name to “Ortaköy Spor Kulübü”, finally joining the football and basketball leagues. The basketball section of the club began in 1954, and since then there have been plenty of ups and downs, including the national 1st division.
The club is continuing the sports activities in different sections such as basketball, football, snooker and bridge. Basketball and football teams had successful years and won many cups in both the professional and amateur leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="9858856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858856" title="Königstuhl">
Königstuhl

Königstuhl or Königsstuhl may refer to:
And maybe to:

</doc>
<doc id="9858858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858858" title="Estrella Morente">
Estrella Morente

Estrella Morente (Estrella de la Aurora Morente Carbonell) is a Spanish flamenco singer. She was born on August 14, 1980 in Las Gabias, Granada in southern Spain. She is the daughter of flamenco singer Enrique Morente and dancer Aurora Carbonell.
She has performed with her father since age seven and recorded her first album in 2001, "Mi Cante Y Un Poema" (My Songs and A Poem). This was followed the same year by "Calle del Aire", which was well received by critics and flamenco fans. She released her third album, "Mujeres" (Women) in 2006, which her father produced. On December 14, 2001 she married bullfighter Javier Conde in Nuestra Señora de las Angustias basilica in Granada. They have two children, Curro (2002) and Estrella (2005).
Filmography.
Morente was the voice behind Penélope Cruz's flamenco song in the 2006 film "Volver".
She played herself in the 2011 animated feature "Chico & Rita".
In 2013,
Estrella narrated the documentary, Guadalquivir, directed by Joaquín Gutiérrez Acha. The film is about the Guadalquivir River, the wildlife, and the natural reserves/parks from Cazorla to Donana, through the Sierra Morena mountains in Andalucia, southern Spain. The director commented that "We needed to find the voice of Andalucia. And she is Estrella, without a doubt. It is a plus for this work/project. Guadalquivir would have not been the same film without her."
On Feb.15, 2014, the short film "Caen Piedras desde el Cielo" (Stones fall from Above) by director Rafael Robles "Rafatal," premiered in Malaga, Spain, starring Estrella Morente as the protagonist, "Luz." The short film is about a single mother in the 1970s working in a religious hospital and the obstacles she faced.

</doc>
<doc id="9858882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858882" title="Emir of Qatar Cup">
Emir of Qatar Cup

Emir of Qatar Cup is a tournament played every season by 18 first and second division teams. The most successful is Al Sadd who won the tournament 13 times. Emir of Qatar Cup was played for the first time in 1972, and was won by Al Ahli.
History.
Al Ahli SC won the first ever Emir of Qatar Cup, defeating Al-Rayyan SC 6-1 under the leadership of Sudanese coach Mohammed Kheiri. Till this day, it is the joint-largest scoreline ever recorded in an Emir Cup final. It was refereed by Ali al-Absi, while Abdullah Siddiqi scored the first ever goal in an Emir Cup final. Two years later, Al Ahli were denied another Emir Cup title in a tight match against Al-Sadd SC which Al Sadd won 4-3. In this match, the first ever hat-trick in an Emir Cup was scored by Iranian player Qassim Falah who played for Al Ahli.
The first ever Emir Cup final to be broadcast on color television was the 1975 final which took place in Al-Ahly Stadium. It was commentated by Qatari Mohammed Nuah.
The largest scoring match in the Emir Cup took place in 1981/82 between Al Sadd and Al-Shamal SC. Al Shamal were defeated 16-2.
1991/92 is the only season to ever be held in an away/home format. Al Ahli SC won that year, defeating Al-Rayyan SC.
In the 1992/93 edition, the tournament saw a record number of red cards handed out - Al Sadd players received 4 red cards, while Al-Arabi SC only received 1. Al Arabi won the match 3-0 thanks to a brace by Khalifa Salem and a goal by Edison. 
Ali Absi was the first foreign referee to officiate a match in the first edition of the Emir Cup.
On March 20 2012, the QFA signed a deal with Al Nahdi Group to be an official sponsor of the Emir Cup. They also authorized another deal on March 28 to allow The Look Company to be an official sponsor

</doc>
<doc id="9858901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858901" title="Prior consistent statements and prior inconsistent statements">
Prior consistent statements and prior inconsistent statements

Prior consistent statements and prior inconsistent statements, in the law of evidence, occur where a witness, testifying at trial, makes a statement that is either consistent or inconsistent, respectively, with a previous statement given at an earlier time such as during a discovery, interview, or interrogation. The examiner can impeach the witness when an inconsistent statement is found, and may conversely bolster the credibility of an impeached witness with a prior consistent statement.
Impeachment with a prior inconsistent statement.
Before the witness can be impeached the examiner must have extrinsic evidence of the prior statement. The examiner must also provide the witness with the opportunity to adopt or reject the previous statement. 
In the majority of U.S. jurisdictions, prior inconsistent statements may not be introduced to prove the truth of the prior statement itself, as this constitutes hearsay, but only to impeach the credibility of the witness. 
However, under Federal Rule of Evidence 801 and the minority of U.S. jurisdictions that have adopted this rule, a prior inconsistent statement may be introduced as evidence of the truth of the statement itself if the prior statement was given in live testimony and under oath as part of a formal hearing, proceeding, trial, or deposition.
Bolstering with a prior consistent statement.
Prior consistent statements.
A prior consistent statement is not a hearsay exception, the FRE specifically define it as non hearsay. A prior consistent statement is admissible:
There is no requirement that the prior consistent statement have been made under oath at a prior trial or hearing.
A form of prior consistent statement excepted from this rule is that of prior identification by the witness of another person in a lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="9858903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858903" title="Alfredo Roberts">
Alfredo Roberts

Alfredo Roberts (March 17, 1965) is an American football coach and former professional tight end in the National Football League (NFL). He is currently the tight ends coach for the Indianapolis Colts. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs and the Dallas Cowboys. Roberts played college football for the University of Miami (FL) and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1988 NFL Draft. He was previously the tight ends coach for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Following the Buccaneers 4–12 record in the 2011 season, Raheem Morris and his entire coaching staff were fired.

</doc>
<doc id="9858912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858912" title="Colin Lamont">
Colin Lamont

Colin Lamont is a media consultant, actor, writer and broadcaster. He is also known as the man behind the on-air persona of radio host Scottie McClue.
Career.
Lamont was educated at the University of Glasgow, The Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama and Jordanhill College of Education, where he trained as a secondary school teacher.
He started his career working as a trainee manager for the Clydesdale Bank before joining Scottish Opera in 1980 working in a number of roles including Touring Manager, Marketing Officer and Director of Education Programmes. In 1981 He became Assistant General Manager at Pitlochry Festival Theatre.
In 1984 he became a continuity announcer and newscaster for Grampian Television(1984–85), before moving to Scottish Television (1985–88)
and Border Television (1985 - 1989)
In 1989 he set up the radio station CentreSound 96.7 in Stirling as its founding managing director leaving within three months of the station's June 1990 launch due to restructuring of senior management at the station and changes to the board.
In 1992 Lamont moved to Red Rose Gold in Preston, to become a senior producer and presenter for the station creating the on-air persona "Scottie McClue" who became a controversial figure, subsequently presenting on a variety of stations across Scotland, The North East of England, The North West of England, Yorkshire and The Midlands and in syndication over the next twenty years.
In August 2008, Lamont became a shareholder of Scottish independent local radio station L107 along with Alan Shields. Lamont invested more than £62,000 into the business and ran L107's programming and broadcast on the station under his Scottie McClue persona. The station experienced financial difficulties during 2009, and Lamont left the station, accusing Shields of not contributing his funding. In recent years he has become a pioneer for PAR (Public Access Radio) broadcasting Worldwide on the internet and for The Commonwealth.

</doc>
