<doc id="9769431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769431" title="Howie Schwarzman">
Howie Schwarzman

Howard Schwarzman ( November 20, 1927, New York) is an American magician, card manipulator, sleight of hand expert, and trick inventor. Considered a "living legend" in the Eastern United States magician community,[http://www.maesonline.org/conv2005.htm] he is best known as a columnist within the magician trade press, and an importer of very rare tricks from outside the United States.
Biography.
In his youth, Schwarzman was considered a "red-headed prodigy", and was mentored by New York orchestra leader Richard Himber, creator of the Linking Finger-Ring trick (which later became part of David Copperfield's stage repertoire). Schwarzman was known for pulling pranks at Himber's request, such as impersonating mentalist Joseph Dunninger. In 1962, Schwarzman began mentoring himself, working with the teenaged Denny Haney, who he booked to perform at the Society of American Magicians.[http://www.dennymagic.com/cgi-bin/hazel.cgi?client=46666661&action=SERVE&item=article.html]
Schwarzman was one of the charter members of Future American Magical Entertainers (F.A.M.E.), which is a magic club created for young magicians in New York City in the 1940s, under the tutelage of Professor Abe Hurwitz, father of Shari Lewis, known as Peter Pan The Magic Man.
Schwarzman became a magic dealer in 1976 and specialized in rare imported tricks. He also wrote a popular column, "I've Said It Before", for Tannen’s Magic Manuscript Magazine.
He has been a member of the Parent Assembly Nr. 1 of the Society of American Magicians for 45 years, and was named "Magician of the Year" in 2007. Schwarzman is also a long time attendee at FFFF, "Fechter's Finger Flicking Frolic," a yearly, invitation-only convention for 200 of the world's best close-up magicians held in upstate New York.
When Schwarzman first began to lecture at magicians clubs in 1961, Dai Vernon said of him, "In the last few years, you have certainly taken your place among the top flight card men in New York ... I think I'm familiar with the work of almost everyone interested in card handling, both professional and amateur, in this country. I unhesitatingly assert you can hold your own in the fastest company."[http://liesofbrian.com/ARTICLES/howie.html]
Schwarzman retired in 1993, but still attends many major magic conventions and gives occasional lectures. He currently lives in Baltimore, Maryland. Until several years ago, he regularly flew his own airplane. He also plays more than 2000 pop songs from the 20s, 30s, and 40s, on the piano.

</doc>
<doc id="9769445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769445" title="High Rainfall Zone">
High Rainfall Zone

The High Rainfall Zone is one of three biogeographic zones into which south west Western Australia is divided, the others being the Transitional Rainfall Zone and the Low Rainfall Zone.
The zones were first defined by Stephen Hopper in his 1979 paper "Biogeographical aspects of speciation in the southwest Australian flora". Initially they were defined in terms of rainfall, with the High Rainfall Zone being that part of the south west with annual rainfall of more than 800 millimetres (31 in). However, following the publication of John Stanley Beard's phytogeographic regionalisation of Western Australia in 1980, it was recognised that Hopper's zones could be defined as aggregates of Beard's botanic districts. The High Rainfall Zone was subsequently re-defined as equivalent to Beard's "Darling Botanical District", later renamed the "South-west Forest Region". When the Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia (IBRA) was published in the 1990s, Beard's regionalisation was adopted as the baseline for Western Australia. The South-west Forest Region was divided into three IBRA regions: Warren, Jarrah Forest and Swan Coastal Plain. Hence the High Rainfall Zone is now defined as the aggregate of these three IBRA regions.

</doc>
<doc id="9769449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769449" title="Sagbama">
Sagbama

Sagbama is a Local Government Area in Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Sagbama. Part of the area of the LGA lies within the Bayelsa National Forest.
It has an area of 945 km² and a population of 187,146 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 561.

</doc>
<doc id="9769460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769460" title="Samuel Merner">
Samuel Merner

Samuel Merner (9 January 1823 – 11 August 1908) was a Canadian businessman and politician.
Born in Kien, Canton of Bern, Switzerland with the last name of Muerner or Mürner, he immigrated to Canada with his parents in 1837 settling in Waterloo County, Ontario. He later anglicized his last name to Merner.
A businessman, his career in politics started in 1857 when he became a member of the council of the village of New Hamburg, Ontario. From 1873 to 1878, he was reeve of New Hamburg and served as Warden of Waterloo County in 1878. After losing a by-election in 1878 in the Ontario provincial riding of Waterloo South, he was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the federal riding of Waterloo South in the 1878 federal election. A Conservative, he was defeated in the 1882 election but was appointed to the Senate in 1887 representing the senatorial division of Hamburg, Ontario. He served until his death in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="9769464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769464" title="Denis Stevens">
Denis Stevens

Denis William Stevens CBE (2 March 1922 – 1 April 2004) was a British musicologist specialising in early music, conductor, professor of music and radio producer.
He was born in High Wycombe and attended the Royal Grammar School there, from where he won a scholarship to read modern languages at Jesus College, Oxford in 1940. From 1942 to 1946, he served as a cryptanalyst in India and Burma. After war he returned to Oxford to complete his degree. From 1949 to 1954, he was a producer at the BBC Third Programme. 
Stevens completed the task of producing the Supplementary Volume to the 5th edition of "Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians", which Eric Blom had not been able to complete by the time of his death in 1959. The Supplementary Volume was published in 1961. He also contributed to "The Stereo Record Guide" through 1968.
From 1964 to 1976 he was professor of musicology at Columbia University, New York. In 1995 he was appointed as visiting professor at Goldsmiths College, London, the institution which now houses his extensive Monteverdi library.
He was best known for his work on early baroque Italian composers, especially Claudio Monteverdi, and for his pioneering concerts and recordings with the Accademia Monteverdiana, which he founded. 
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9769470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769470" title="Jack McMurray, Jr.">
Jack McMurray, Jr.

Jack McMurray Junior (17 August 1915 – 20 May 2004) was a leading Australian rules football field umpire in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in the 1940s and 1950s. 
He started umpiring in the Melbourne Boy’s Club Association and umpired in the VFL in 1941 and 1942 before serving in the army during World War II. He rejoined the VFL in 1946 and umpired six Grand Finals (including both in 1948 when Essendon and Melbourne tied the first match).
His umpiring career spanned from 1941 to 1955, and in total he umpired 216 games, including 16 finals matches. He umpired Grand Finals in 1948 (x2), 1949, 1950, 1953, and 1954.
McMurray was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996, together with his father, Jack McMurray Senior.

</doc>
<doc id="9769474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769474" title="Geography of Aberdeen">
Geography of Aberdeen

Aberdeen, Scotland is a city located between the River Dee and the River Don.
Climate.
Exposed Aberdeen is noted for its biting winds and driving rain, which sweep in from the North Sea, the mean temperature is 8 °C (47 °F) and it varies between an average low of 5 °C (41 °F) and 11 °C (52 °F). In summer (June - August) the average high is 16 °C (63 °F) and average low 9 °C (49 °F). In winter (December - February) the average high is 6 °C (43 °F) and average low 0 °C (33 °F). 
The average yearly precipitation is 753 millimetres (29.7 in), with 64 millimetres (2.5 in) in summer (June - August) and 62 millimetres (2.5 in) in winter (December - February). The wettest months are October and November.
Demographics.
Education:
Educationally Aberdeen has a higher student rate than the national average of 11.5% compared with 7% nationally.
Household:
In the household, there were 97,013 individual dwellings recorded in the city of which 61% were privately owned, 9% privately rented and 23% rented from the council. The most popular type of dwellings are apartments which have 49% of residences followed by semi-detached at just below 22%.
Income
The average income of a household in the city is £16,813 (2005) which places about 18% households in the city below the poverty line (defined as 60% of the mean income).
Population:
In 1396 the population was about 3,000. By 1801 it had become 26,992; in 1841 it was 63,262; (1891) 121,623; (1901) 153,503; (1941) 182,467. In 2001 it UK census records the Aberdeen City Council areas population at 212,125, but the Aberdeen locality's population at 184,788. The latest official population estimate, published by the General Register for Scotland for 2005, is 202,370.
The population density of Aberdeen is 2819 persons per square mile (1,089 km²).
Data from the Aberdeen specific locality of the 2001 UK census shows that the demographics include a median male age of 35 and female age of 38 which are younger than Scotland's average and a 49% to 51% male to female ratio. 
It also showed that there are less young people in Aberdeen, with 16.4% under 16, opposed to the national average of 19.2%. Ethnically, 15.7% were born outside of Scotland, higher than the national average of 12.9%. Of this population 8.4% were born in England. 3% of Aberdonians are considered to be from an ethnic minority (non-white), with 0.7% from the Indian-subcontinent and 0.6% Asian.
Religion:
The last census revealed that Aberdeen is the least religious city in Scotland, with nearly 43% of people claiming to have no religion.
Topography.
Aberdeen extends to 71.22 square miles (184.46 km²), and includes the former burghs of Old Aberdeen, New Aberdeen, Woodside and the Royal Burgh of Torry to the south of River Dee. The city is built on many hills, with the original beginnings of the city growing from Castle Hill, St. Catherine's Hill and Windmill Hill (also known as the Gallowgate).

</doc>
<doc id="9769479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769479" title="Peter Spencer (footballer)">
Peter Spencer (footballer)

Peter Spencer (born 11 January 1956) is a former Australian rules football player, who played for the East Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and Kangaroos in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He is a dual Sandover Medallist, winning the award in 1976 and 1984 and a triple F. D. Book Medallist (best and fairest at East Perth), winning the award in 1975, 1976 and 1984. 
He played for Western Australia in the 1979 Perth State of Origin Carnival, before moving to Victoria to play for the Kangaroos in 1981 and 1982. His first season in the VFL was impressive, playing 19 games and kicking the third most goals for the Kangaroos with 26, but injuries restricted him to only 5 games in 1982. He returned to Western Australia in 1983, but after two seasons with East Perth, switched to Subiaco, and then later to Claremont.
He was inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2007.
He is the son of former East Perth player Jim Spencer and is currently a sports commentator with the ABC. He is an old boy of Aquinas College, Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="9769487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769487" title="Mike Gravel presidential campaign, 2008">
Mike Gravel presidential campaign, 2008

Mike Gravel, a former United States Senator from Alaska, on April 17, 2006, declared his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2008 election, in a speech to the National Press Club.
His campaign gained an Internet following and national attention due to outspoken debate appearances during 2007, but consistently showed little support in national polls. In the 2008 Democratic caucuses and primaries, he did not win any delegates. Out of the eight candidates for the Democratic nomination for president, he received the fewest votes - less than one percent.
In March 2008, Gravel announced that he had joined the Libertarian Party and would seek its presidential nomination, instead of further pursuing the Democratic nomination. In May 2008, Gravel finished fourth at the 2008 Libertarian National Convention and ended both his presidential quest and his political career.
Announcement.
On April 17, 2006, Gravel became the first candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2008 election, announcing his run in a speech to the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. Short on campaign cash, he took public transportation to get to his announcement.
Gravel had spoken out against the war in Iraq since before the invasion of that country began in March 2003. In his announcement he called for immediate cessation of US military involvement in Iraq via his own-drafted U.S. Armed Forces Withdrawal From Iraq Act, and offered a strategy he claimed would get it passed. He unequivocally denounced any possible war with Iran. His announced campaign platform was centered on systemic changes to the U.S. system. Foremost among these were:
Gravel's initial campaign also emphasized his support for a single-payer national health care system, term limits, nuclear disarmament, and same-sex marriage recognition.
Campaign developments 2006.
Although Gravel's candidacy was little-noticed by the national media, at its outset he campaigned almost full-time in New Hampshire (the first primary state). He garnered broader awareness and interest through his occasional television appearances, netroots campaigning, participation in Party forums (such as the Democratic Presidential Candidates Forum and Democratic National Committee (DNC) Winter Conference), and up until October 30 in Philadelphia, the string of televised debates sponsored by the DNC and others.
Gravel was interviewed for the "Blue State Observer" weblog on June 27, 2006. On that occasion he expressed his support for constitutional change in aid of citizen-initiated legislation, he declaimed the existence of limitations upon the conduct of stem cell research, and stated he was against the widespread deportation of illegal immigrants then being advocated by conservative talk radio and other elements.
An August 2006 media release draws attention to the candidate's public opposition to the prospect of war in Iraq expressed as long ago as the early months of 2002.
The campaign and/or candidate have attracted notable coverage in "The New York Times", "The Reno Gazette-Journal", on CBS News, on ABC News, in "The Progressive", and in "The American Spectator",
Among other sources of news and commentary, the campaign notes coverage and appraisal of its candidate by "The Free Liberal", "CrooksandLiars.com", the "New York Daily Star", AntiWar Radio, the "Ed Schultz Show", "Internationalist Magazine", the "Roanoke (VA) Times", "American Chronicle", "Daily Kos", The "Dartmouth Online", "Blue Hampshire", and the "Portsmouth (VA) Herald".
Gravel delivered an address before the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College in November 2006 which has been recorded and published on video.
The campaign website included participation forums. A video section of the campaign website linked to videos of some media appearances, his address to the New Hampshire Institute of Politics, a September 2006 appearance at the 'Camp Democracy' activist forum in Washington D.C., as well as the introductory video from his successful 1968 Senate campaign.
The candidate has maintained his own weblog since October 2006, and began blogging at "The Huffington Post" in June 2007 as well. The Gravel campaign also had its own YouTube channel featuring more than 80 videos of the candidate's past speeches and campaign appearances.
Campaign developments 2007.
First quarter.
Gravel's address before the DNC National Winter Conference in early February 2007 was received – enthusiastically, claimed campaign advocates – and was broadcast on C-SPAN. In speaking he offered harsh judgments against President Bush and the Senate Democratic leadership, and implicitly his Presidential rivals Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton, and John Edwards, saying "anyone who voted for the war on October 11 based upon what President Bush presented to them is not qualified to hold the office of President of the United States." Gravel was interviewed on MSNBC at the time. He also appeared as a guest of a video weblog directed from New Jersey answering questions about netroots and the blogosphere.
Senator Gravel was interviewed on Toniq TV where he forthrightly expressed views supporting the lifting of restrictions against the service of identified gays and lesbians in the US military. Calling comparison to President Harry S. Truman's racial desegregation of the US military in 1948 he criticized former President Bill Clinton as 'dead wrong' and 'mousy' for his innovation of the don't ask don't tell policy covering homosexual conduct by military members:
"When Clinton got to be President, well, the first he's doing is standing there on two legs waffling back and forth, oh, don't tell us you're gay. What are you talking about? If you had any knowledge of history, ancient history, in Sparta they "encouraged" homosexuality because they fight for the people they love. And if it's your partner and you love them, you're prepared to die for them, and that's the same ethic you see in the military today. It's not the country. It's my partner. Go see the movies on war, and it's always the person next to me who is in my foxhole with me. Well, I got to tell you, extend that a little further and you'll see why the Spartans trained their people to be homosexuals, because they're better fighters."
On February 11, 2007, the senator addressed the Jefferson County Presidents Day Dinner in Watertown, Wisconsin.
On February 13, 2007, the senator released a statement outlining his views on the possibility of impeachment proceedings against President George W. Bush, regarding it as 'not sufficient' and favoring a congressional inquiry which could ultimately lead to criminal charges being brought against the President.
Senator Gravel participated in the AFSCME Democratic Presidential Forum on 21 February 2007 in Carson City, Nevada, at the Carson City Community Center. He appears toward the end of the video of the broadcast of the event.
In the Carson City Forum, he roundly condemned President Bush's policy of military involvement in Iraq and reminded those present of his statements warning of lies and distortions about Iraq's supposed unlawful weapons of mass destruction as far back as early 2002 (the time of the occurrence of the first signs of the Bush Administration's formulation of an agenda for military action against Iraq). He decried the overall level of military spending as opposed to the funding of education and of what he regarded as the consequent, poor educational outcomes achieved.
Senator Gravel called on congressional Democrats to force a 'constitutional crisis' by denying all further budgetary appropriations in aid of continued American military involvement in Iraq. He further argued that the income tax should be 'wiped out' in favor of the FairTax proposal - which imposes a progressive sales tax on newly manufactured items varying from 19% to 23% while providing 'prebates' to 'untax' families spending on necessities, up to the poverty level. He stated his view that experience showed income taxes were successfully 'gamed' by the wealthy at the expense of the poor and middle income earners. And he voiced his support for the constitutional and legal reform necessary to effect the National Initiative as a means of enabling citizen-initiated national lawmaking.
Senator Gravel also spoke in favor of public financial assistance for campaigning Presidential candidates.
On February 26, 2007, Senator Gravel was interviewed about his campaign on the American C-SPAN network's "Washington Journal" program. 
In a February 25, 2007 Washington Post/ABC News nationwide poll of voters who lean Democratic, 0% supported Gravel for the Democratic presidential nomination. Indeed, through February 2007, such opinion polls of contenders for the Democratic nomination all showed Gravel with a 1% or less support level.
At the close of the first quarter 2007 reporting period, the campaign committee had $498 in cash against debts and obligations amounting to $88,515.
Second quarter.
Because of his time in the Senate, Gravel was invited to many of the early Democratic presidential debates. The first Democratic debate of the pre-primary season was in the evening of April 26, 2007, in Orangeburg, South Carolina, at South Carolina State University. State party chairman Joe Erwin said that he chose South Carolina State because it is an historically black college, noting that African-Americans have been the "most loyal" Democrats in the state. The debate was 90 minutes with a 60-second time limit for answers, and no opening or closing statements. It was broadcast via cable television and online video streaming by MSNBC. The debate was moderated by Brian Williams of "NBC Nightly News".
Mike Gravel appeared with the seven other contenders for the Democratic nomination for President. He stated that the Iraq War had the effect of creating more terrorists and that the "war was lost the day that George Bush invaded Iraq on a fraudulent basis." He maintained that an end to the war could be effected by a bill passed in the House and a Senate filibuster on such a bill defeated by a daily vote on cloture, but that the will to do so was lacking. Further, he suggested a bill requiring the president to withdraw from Iraq on pain of criminal penalties. He said the recent threat of a pre-emptive nuclear strike in the "war on terror" was immoral and would be dropped under a Gravel administration, and that America has no important military enemies and it is the influence of the military-industrial complex that has conditioned Americans to think of the world in terms of enemies. He characterized the CIA overthrow of democracy in Iran in the 1950s lies as the root of U.S. problems with that country. Overall, he said that all American armed forces who died in Vietnam died in vain and American armed forces in Iraq were dying in vain. Regarding his fellow candidates, he said, "I got to tell you, after standing up with them, some of these people frighten me — they frighten me."
Media stories about the debate said that Gravel was responsible for much of whatever "heat" and "flashpoints" had taken place. Gravel gained considerable publicity by shaking up the normally staid multiple-candidate format; "The New York Times"' media critic said that what Gravel had done was "steal a debate with outrageous, curmudgeonly statements." The Internet was a benefit: a YouTube video of his responses in the debate was viewed more than 225,892 times, ranking seventeenth in most views for week and first among news and politics clips; his name became the fifteenth most searched-for in the blogosphere; and his website garnered more traffic than those of frontrunners Hillary Rodham Clinton, Barack Obama, or John Edwards. Gravel appeared on the popular "Colbert Report" on television on May 2, and his campaign and career were profiled in national publications such as "Salon".
All of this did not help his poll ratings: a May 2007 CNN poll showed him with less than 0.5 percent support among Democrats.
In late May 2007, two wordless, avant-garde campaign videos, "Rock" and "Fire", created by Otis College of Art and Design staff Matt Mayes and Guston Sondin-Klausner, were released on YouTube and became hits. The first, nearly three minutes long, showed Gravel staring at the camera silently for more than one minute, then throwing a large rock into a lake and slowly walking away, with a sole graphic showing the campaign website. The second, nearly eight minutes long, briefly showed Gravel walking through a forest collecting wood and looking at the resultant campfire, then for the remaining seven minutes just showed the fire burning, with the website graphic superimposed. These videos would eventually gain over 480,000 and 140,000 views respectively. "Rock" was given airtime during an episode of "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart".
WMUR-TV, CNN, and the "New Hampshire Union Leader" hosted both Democratic and Republican debates in Goffstown, New Hampshire, at Saint Anselm College. The Democratic debate was Sunday, June 3, starting at 7 PM EDT and lasting two hours, commercial free. The moderator was Wolf Blitzer, host of "Late Edition" and "The Situation Room". He was joined by Tom Fahey of the "Union Leader" and Scott Spradling from the local NH television station WMUR. The first half of the debate was a directed question and answer, with candidates at podiums, as in the first debate, responding to questions from Fahey and Spradling.
On March 17, 2007, CNN, the "New Hampshire Union Leader" and WMUR-TV had formally decided to exclude former Senator Gravel from debates between Democratic Presidential candidates they would be sponsoring in New Hampshire. The decision was decried as "censorship, unbecoming a free society", and on 1 May 2007 the decision was reversed, and Mike Gravel was invited to be a participant. The venue was Saint Anselm College and the debate was nationally televised on CNN.
Gravel reiterated many of his past foreign policy points during the debate, and emphasized that Biden, Clinton, Dodd, and Edwards voted for the resolution under which the invasion and occupation of Iraq were undertaken and Edwards co-sponsored it. Gravel claimed that the history of Southeast Asia after U.S. withdrawal showed Iraq withdrawal would not necessarily be dire, and that the insurgency in Iraq was successful because it had the support of the Iraqi people. He said that the fact that the other candidates knew, or should have known, that there were "two sets of books" being kept on intelligence from Iraq, and that they voted the resolution that authorized the war in spite of that fact, indicates that morality plays no part in their political decisions and that lack of moral judgment ought to keep them from the presidency.
Two of eight candidates, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, were accorded greater talk-time than the moderator. Barack Obama was accorded the greatest talk-time at 16 full minutes, 2.85 times the talk-time accorded Mike Gravel, who was accorded the least talk-time at 5.62 minutes.
On June 28, 2007 in Washington, D.C., PBS held and televised a debate at Howard University, an historically black college. The moderator was Tavis Smiley. All eight candidates discussed various topics including education, poverty, unemployment, racial discrimination, and health in the black community. The debate drew a record crowd of celebrities, such as Harry Belafonte, Al Sharpton, Dorothy Heights, Jesse Jackson, Terry McMillan, Judge Hatchett, and Mark Ridley-Thomas.
Gravel's points in the debate included that the "war on drugs" was a failure. He asserted that the prison population of the US had increased 1285% over the past 35 years and that 70% of that population is African-American. Gravel compared the legal basis for the war on drugs to Prohibition, claimed that it made criminals of people who otherwise were not criminals, and that they were disproportionately African-American. Gravel asserted that the money spent on the war in Iraq could have built 4 million houses thus helping victims of hurricane Katrina, or financed 21 million four-year college scholarships, or hired 7.6 million new teachers. Gravel said that the income tax code was especially open to corruption. That the tax code was now so complicated and corrupted that no one alive understood it. He said that with his alternative, progressive sales tax proposal everyone would know what everyone else was paying in taxes. Gravel said that equal justice before the law would only be possible if the people were empowered as lawmakers. Gravel asserted that Free Trade Agreements benefited corporate management and shareholders but hurt most people on both sides to the agreement.
This was the first debate during which all the candidates were accorded equal time. The earlier debates were heavily biased toward the 'Top-tier' candidates.
By the second-quarter 2007 close, the committee had $31,141 in cash on hand, and had collected a total of $175,229 in net contributions during the entire 2008 election cycle.
Third quarter.
On July 12, 2007 in Detroit, Michigan, all eight candidates attended a debate held during the NAACP convention. John Edwards and Hillary Clinton were overheard—on stage, over microphones—conferring about weeding those candidates not in the 'Top-tier' out of future debates.
On July 23, 2007 in Charleston, South Carolina, the CNN-YouTube Presidential Debates took place for the Democrats, on the campus of The Citadel. All questions were selected from among, and posed as videos submitted via YouTube by members of the public; the debate was moderated by Anderson Cooper of Anderson Cooper 360. YouTube and Google streamed the event live. It was also simulcast on CNN en Español.
Two of eight candidates, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, were accorded greater talk-time than the moderator. Barack Obama was accorded the greatest talk-time at 15.18 minutes, 3.64 times the talk-time accorded Mike Gravel, who was accorded the least talk-time at 4.17 minutes. Gravel responded to audience applause when he had complained of a lack of airtime and said: "Thank you. Has it been fair thus far?" Detractors began to liken Gravel to "the cranky uncle who lives in the attic," or "the angry old guy that just seemed to want to become angrier." 
On August 4, 2007, the Yearly Kos Presidential Leadership Forum was held in Chicago, Illinois. This informal discussion was attended by seven of the eight presidential candidates, with Joe Biden not attending due to votes in Congress. "New York Times Magazine" writer Matt Bai and DailyKos Contributing Editor and Fellow Joan McCarter moderated. The debate was broken down into Domestic Policy, Foreign Policy, and Philosophy and Leadership. Candidates were allotted 90 seconds for each question with 45 second rebuttals, although the time limits were not strictly enforced. After the debate, breakout sessions were held where convention goers could question each candidate individually.
Mike Gravel expounded upon the shortcomings of representational government, concluding with, "So the only answer is for you to realize that the answer is not up here on the dais, the answer is with you, the American people, to acquire lawmaking powers." He reiterated that the U.S. Senate had the power to shut down the Iraq War with a series of forced cloture votes if they so chose. And he talked about the effect of the concentration of the media and of money in politics, saying "You gotta keep in mind that all politicians sort of walk in the mud. You know their head may be up here but they walk in the mud. And you have to understand that, because of the way the system is structured, you have to raise money. We're raising hundreds of millions of dollars on this dais for these people to talk to you, when we all know that money is the corrupting agent of politics, and lo and behold the media, which is now controlled in this country by five corporations, is telling us that these people who raise the most, who technically are the most corrupt, are the ones that should get to be elected."
On August 9, 2007, Mike Gravel participated in an LGBT network Logo hosted debate focusing on LGBT issues, moderated by Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese and singer Melissa Etheridge in Los Angeles, California. Mike Gravel was originally excluded from this debate, the reason given that his campaign had not raised enough money to qualify for participation. Rallying from Gravel's supporters reversed this decision.
On August 19, 2007 in Des Moines, Iowa, ABC News in conjunction with the Iowa Democratic Party held a debate streamed on "This Week" moderated by George Stephanopoulos.
During the course of the debate Gravel reiterated many of his stances against the Iraq War. Asked if he believed in the efficacy of prayer Gravel replied that he believed in love, that love implements courage, and that courage fosters all the other virtues useful in life. Gravel observed that many of the people who pray are the same ones who want to go to war and thus to kill fellow human beings. Gravel said that more love between individual Americans, individual Iowans, would enable more individual courage, and that more courage would enable Americans to grapple with the problems of governance. Gravel also questioned Americans' view of their country as "Number 1" in the world.
Five of eight candidates, Joe Biden, Bill Richardson, John Edwards, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, were accorded greater talk-time than the moderator. Barack Obama was accorded the greatest talk-time at 13.17 minutes, 2.7 times the talk-time accorded Mike Gravel, who was accorded the least talk-time at 4.88 minutes. Berkley political scientist David Terr found that moderator George Stephanopoulos directed roughly five percent of his questions to Gravel; In a poll asking who did the best in the debate, Gravel placed seventh among the eight candidates. National opinion polls of contenders for the Democratic nomination continued to show Gravel with one percent or zero percent numbers. 
On September 9, 2007, Univision hosted a forum in Spanish at the University of Miami's Bank United Center in Coral Gables, Florida and moderated by Univision's anchors Jorge Ramos and Maria Elena Salinas. Joe Biden did not participate in the debate. During the course of the forum Mike Gravel stated that it was wrong that the father of (Pfc. 3rd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment) Armando Soriano (age 20, of Houston), killed in Iraq (1 Feb 2004, in Haditha), was about to be deported. Along with the other candidates Gravel committed to immigration reform in his first year as president. Gravel then charged that the national immigration issue was in fact a case of scapegoating immigrants for other systemic problems in the US, in education and health care for example. Gravel said he was embarrassed that the US was building a wall on its southern border. Gravel charged that CAFTA and NAFTA were the real causes of many of the problems on both sides of the US borders but confessed that he thought remedying those acts would have to await the enactment of the National Initiative for Democracy and the empowerment of US citizens as legislators. Gravel said that instead he would reach out to Hugo Chávez in Venezuela and to Castro leadership in Cuba as well. Reminded that health problems had forced Gravel into bankruptcy, Gravel was asked how he would apply his personal experience to the problem of health care. Gravel outlined his plan for healthcare vouchers, paid for out of general revenues, to be applied against premiums of up to five private plans and one government plan, each with identical defined benefits, each mandated to allow freedom of choice of provider.
All candidates were accorded equal talk times at the Univision forum.
A September 11, 2007 Los Angeles Times/Bloomberg poll found that, among registered South Carolina voters who plan to vote in the Democratic primary or usually vote for Democrats, 2% would vote for Gravel "if the presidential primary were held today". Candidates Chris Dodd, Dennis Kucinich, and Bill Richardson each got 1% of respondents to that question. Additionally in the same poll of South Carolina voters, in response to the question, "Regardless of your choice for president, who do you think has the best chance of beating the Republican candidate in November…?" Gravel polled 2%, compared to 1% for Joe Biden and Bill Richardson, and 0% for Chris Dodd and Dennis Kucinich.
During mid-September 2007, Yahoo!, in partnership with The Huffington Post, produced a "mashup debate" with Charlie Rose interviewing the candidates. Segments were recorded on September 12, with the "mashups" posted on September 13.
On September 20, 2007 in Davenport, Iowa, PBS held a forum focused on domestic issues, specifically health care and financial security. It was moderated by Judy Woodruff, and was a joint venture between IPTV and AARP. Barack Obama rejected PBS's invitation. Mike Gravel and Dennis Kucinich were excluded from the debate on the grounds that they did not have at least one paid staff member or office space in Iowa.
On September 26, 2007 in Hanover, New Hampshire, MSNBC held a debate at Dartmouth College in conjunction with New England Cable News and New Hampshire Public Radio. During the course of the debate Gravel reiterated many of his familiar positions on Iraq. When asked his opinion Gravel stated that anyone old enough to fight and die for the nation ought to be able to drink alcohol legally.
Asked if he would tax gasoline to reduce national consumption Gravel said that he would tax all carbon based fuels to eliminate the politicians' and bureaucrats' playing favorites in the implementation of such a scheme. As well, he offered that he thought it futile to try to get the Congress to pass such a law, that it would instead require his proposed National Initiative and the empowering of the people to do so. Further he said that the nation could eliminate gasoline as an energy source in 5 years and all carbon based fuels in 10 years if it could just summon the will to do so, substituting wind generated electricity, for instance, for nuclear reactors as a source of power.
None of the eight candidates were accorded greater talk-time than the moderator, who accorded himself 19.42 minutes of talk-time. Hillary Clinton was accorded the second greatest amount of talk-time at 17.62 minutes, 4.1 times the talk-time accorded Mike Gravel, who was accorded the least amount of talk-time at 4.33 minutes.
A September 27–30, 2007 American Research Group Poll showed Gravel with 2%, tied with Joe Biden and ahead of Dennis Kucinich.
By the end of the third-quarter 2007, the committee had $17,526.55 in cash on hand, and had collected a total of $379,794.85 so far during the 2008 election cycle.
Fourth quarter.
On October 1, 2007, Gravel was interviewed on PBS. He described himself as an ordinary guy, and would be more likely to take the train than fly in a private jet. He explained that other leading nations, including Russia, spend just 3%–4% of their budget on defense, while the US defense budget is more than all other nations combined. He then rhetorically asked: "What are we afraid of?" He explained that the defense budget is associated with the military industrial complex. He stated that the US military is internationally competitive, but the US schools and health care system are not. Gravel said that Ralph Nader once referred to him as a "breath of fresh air".
On October 19, it was announced that Gravel was excluded from the next Democratic debate – October 30, 2007 in Philadelphia to be televised on NBC News and MSNBC and held at Drexel University – with the debate sponsors or the Democratic National Committee saying Gravel's campaign had not met fund-raising, polling, or local campaign organizational thresholds. For the Philadelphia exclusion, Gravel blamed corporate censorship on the part of sponsor owner and alleged military-industrial complex member General Electric for his exclusion.
Senator Gravel mounted a counter-gathering and debate against a video screen a short distance away, at Philadelphia's "World Cafe Live" at the same time as,
and two blocks from, the Democratic Presidential Debate from which he was excluded. The debate was shown on a large screen, with Senator Gravel providing a running commentary and later answering audience questions. The event was called "An Alternate October 30th" and initially announced on Gravel's YouTube page.
However, Gravel's exclusion continued for almost all of the subsequent Democratic debates, and he had thus lost his easiest publicity. 
At some point, none of the major polls were including Gravel's name in their polling. Despite poor polling numbers, Gravel had positive support among young people and Internet users, however his lowest support comes from the constituency. Blind polls suggested that he would garner much more voting support if his positions were more well known.
For the fourth quarter of 2007, Gravel reported no money raised. Following Gravel's exclusion from most of the Democratic debates, and consequent impairment to his monetary turnover, his supporters began organizing "mass donation days" to help the campaign gain momentum and necessary funds, in the manner of Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul. Such planned days included:
Caucuses and primaries 2008.
Gravel did not compete in the initial January 3, 2008 vote, the Iowa caucuses, choosing to focus on the New Hampshire primary instead, and received no Iowa state delegates. Nevertheless, he was still subjected to a false report from Keith Olbermann of MSNBC that he had pulled out of the race afterward, as had fellow Democratic candidates Chris Dodd and Joe Biden. Later that night, Gravel's campaign issued a press release and YouTube video denying this and making it clear that Gravel intends to continue his campaign and that he does not intend to drop out of the race for presidency. Keith Olbermann later apologized to the Gravel campaign stating that a man named Alex Colvin, Gravel's press secretary, contacted MSNBC news at approximately 11:30 PM. MSNBC double-checked the source and believed the man was who he said he was, and was subsequently read on the air.
Gravel "did" focus much of his attention on the second 2008 vote, the New Hampshire primary held on January 8, and gained some media attention for a pre-election appearance at Phillips Exeter Academy where he told students that using marijuana was safer than drinking alcohol. In the primary he received 402 votes out of some 280,000 cast, or 0.14 percent. Gravel said he would take some time off from campaigning to deal with a respiratory infection. He subsequently resumed campaigning.
On January 15, 2008, Gravel received 2,363 votes out of 593,837 votes cast in the Michigan primary, or 0.40 percent.
Campaigning was light in the Democratic primary due to an intra-party dispute removing several top candidates' names from the ballot.
Gravel did not reach viability in any of the Nevada caucuses in the state on January 19, 2008, and as a result, received no delegates.
On January 26, 2008, Gravel received 214 votes out of 532,468 votes cast in the South Carolina primary, or 0.04 percent.
On January 29, 2008, Gravel finished 8th in the Florida primary, with a little over 5,000 votes. He finished behind 4 candidates who had already withdrawn.
This primary too was affected by an intra-party dispute causing several candidates not to campaign.
By the end of January 2008, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and Gravel were the only remaining Democrats from the initial debates still running. Gravel vowed to stay in the presidential campaign until November. 
On March 11, 2008, Gravel continued to remain in the Democratic race but additionally endorsed a Green Party candidate for president, Jesse Johnson, saying he wanted to help Johnson prevail against Green Party rivals Cynthia McKinney and Ralph Nader. As March neared a close, Gravel had almost no fundraising and was only on the ballot in one of the next ten Democratic primaries.
Switch to Libertarian Party 2008.
On March 26, 2008, Gravel announced that he had abandoned his bid for the Democratic Party nomination and would seek the presidential nomination of the Libertarian Party, stating “I look forward to advancing my presidential candidacy within the Libertarian Party, which is considerably closer to my values, my foreign policy views and my domestic views.”
As a Libertarian candidate, Gravel found more support than he had as a Democrat, placing second and third in two April 2008 straw polls.
In the May 25 balloting at the 2008 Libertarian National Convention in Denver, Gravel finished fourth out of eight candidates on the initial ballot, with 71 votes out of 618; he trailed former Congressman and eventual winner Bob Barr, author Mary Ruwart, and businessman Wayne Allyn Root. Gravel's position did not improve subsequently and he was eliminated on the fourth ballot. Afterwards he said, “I just ended my political career. From 15 years old to now, my political career is over, and it’s no big deal. I’m a writer, I’m a lecturer, I’m going to push the issues of freedom and liberty. I’m going to push those issues until the day I die.”
Endorsements.
Gravel had the endorsement of campaign finance reform activist Doris Haddock and received financial contributions from actor Mark Ruffalo.
Noted academic and political dissident Noam Chomsky also endorsed Senator Gravel.

</doc>
<doc id="9769489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769489" title="Nuclear emulsion">
Nuclear emulsion

In particle and nuclear physics, a nuclear emulsion plate is a photographic plate with a particularly thick emulsion layer and with a very uniform grain size. Like bubble chambers, cloud chambers, and wire chambers nuclear emulsion plates record the tracks of charged particles passing through. They are compact, have high density and produce a cumulative record, but have the disadvantage that the plates must be developed before the tracks can be observed. 
Nuclear emulsions can be used to record and investigate fast charged particles like nucleons or mesons. After exposing and developing the plate, single particle tracks can be observed and measured using a microscope.
In 1937, Marietta Blau and Hertha Wambacher discovered nuclear "disintegration stars" due to spallation in nuclear emulsions that had been exposed to cosmic radiation at a height of 2,300 metres (≈7,500 feet) above sea level.
Using nuclear emulsions exposed on high mountains, Cecil Frank Powell and coworkers discovered the pion in 1947.
In biology and medicine, nuclear emulsion is used in autoradiography to locate radioactive labels in samples of cells and tissues.

</doc>
<doc id="9769500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769500" title="Ian Robinson (Australian football umpire)">
Ian Robinson (Australian football umpire)

Ian Robinson (born 20 August 1946) was a leading Australian rules football field umpire in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in the 1970s and 1980s.
He held the VFL umpiring match record of 353 games from his retirement in 1987 until 1995, when Rowan Sawers overtook him. His nine Grand Finals were umpired in both the one and two-umpire system and he was an AFL umpires’ observer involved in the implementation of the three-umpire system.
His umpiring career spanned from 1971 to 1987, and in total he umpired 353 games, including 35 finals matches. He umpired Grand Finals in 1973, 1974, 1977 (2), 1978, 1980, 1981, 1985, and 1987.
Robinson was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9769502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769502" title="Localized molecular orbitals">
Localized molecular orbitals

Localized molecular orbitals are molecular orbitals which are concentrated in a limited spatial region of a molecule, for example a specific bond or a lone pair on a specific atom. They can be used to relate molecular orbital calculations to simple bonding theories, and also to speed up post-Hartree–Fock electronic structure calculations by taking advantage of the local nature of electron correlation.
Standard ab initio quantum chemistry methods lead to delocalized orbitals that, in general, extend over an entire molecule and have the symmetry of the molecule. Localized orbitals may then be found as linear combinations of the delocalized orbitals, given by an appropriate unitary transformation.
In the water molecule for example, ab initio calculations show bonding character primarily in two molecular orbitals, each with electron density equally distributed among the two O-H bonds. The localized orbital corresponding to one O-H bond is the sum of these two delocalized orbitals, and the localized orbital for the other O-H bond is their difference; as per Valence bond theory. Similarly, molecular orbital calculations show two nonbonding valence-shell orbitals: a roughly sp2 hybrid orbital in the plane of the molecule and a pure p orbital perpendicular to this plane. The roughly tetrahedral sp3 hybrids of valence bond theory for the lone pairs can be compared to the sum and the difference of these nonbonding orbitals.
Equivalence of localized and delocalized orbital descriptions.
For molecules with a closed electron shell, in which each molecular orbital is doubly occupied, the localized and delocalized orbital descriptions are in fact equivalent and represent the same physical state. It might seem, again using the example of water, that placing two electrons in the first bond and two "other" electrons in the second bond is not the same as having four electrons free to move over both bonds. However in quantum mechanics all electrons are identical and cannot be distinguished as "same" or "other". The total wavefunction must have a form which satisfies the Pauli exclusion principle such as a Slater determinant (or linear combination of Slater determinants), and it can be shown that if two electrons are exchanged, such a function is unchanged by any unitary transformation of the doubly occupied orbitals.
Computation methods.
Localized molecular orbitals (LMO) are obtained by unitary transformation upon a set of canonical molecular orbitals (CMO). The transformation usually involves the optimization (either minimization or maximization) of the expectation value of a specific operator. The generic form of the localization potential is:
formula_1,
where formula_2 is the localization operator and formula_3 is a molecular spatial orbital. Many methodologies have been developed during the past decades, differing in the form of formula_2.
Boys.
The Boys (also known as Foster-Boys) localization method minimizes the spatial extent of the orbitals by minimizing formula_5, where formula_6. This turns out to be equivalent to the easier task of maximizing formula_7.
Edmiston-Ruedenberg.
Edmiston-Ruedenberg localization maximizes the electronic self-repulsion energy by maximizing formula_5, where formula_9.
Pipek-Mezey.
Pipek-Mezey localization takes a slightly different approach, maximizing the sum of orbital-dependent partial charges on the nuclei:
Pipek and Mezey originally used Mulliken charges, but also Löwdin charges have been used. A Pipek-Mezey scheme based on intrinsic atomic orbital charges has also been recently proposed.
Schemes based on the partitioning of the overlap matrix into Bader regions or "fuzzy atom" regions have been proposed, but these have been shown to be equivalent to Pipek-Mezey with Bader or "fuzzy atom" charges.
Rather surprisingly, analysis of the Pipek-Mezey method with a wide variety of choices for the partial charges has shown that the localized orbitals are in insensitive to the actual charges used in the localization process. As Mulliken and Löwdin charges are mathematically ill defined, the alternative charge analysis methods provide competitive alternatives for the localization process.
Comparison.
These three methods typically give very similar results, the main difference being that the Pipek-Mezey method does not mix formula_11 bonds and formula_12 bonds.

</doc>
<doc id="9769505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769505" title="John Hanke">
John Hanke

John Hanke is a serial entrepreneur. He currently runs Niantic Labs, a Google startup lab which explores experimental mobile, social, and local applications. Prior to joining Google, Hanke founded and was CEO at Keyhole, Inc.. Google acquired Keyhole in 2004, at which point Keyhole's flagship product was renamed to Google Earth. After Keyhole's acquisition, Hanke spent several years as Vice President of Product Management for Google's "Geo" division (Google Earth, Google Maps, Local, StreetView, SketchUp, and Panoramio).
Hanke grew up in Cross Plains, Texas. He received his bachelor's degree (Plan II Honors) from the University of Texas, Austin. While a student at UT he chaired the Distinguished Speakers Committee and brought speakers Jeane Kirkpatrick, Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., Dith Pran, and others to lecture on campus. He received his MBA from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley in 1996. Prior to business school, he worked in foreign affairs for the US Government in Washington, DC, and Myanmar. Upon Graduation, he subsequently helped start two successful entertainment software companies, Archetype Interactive and Big Network.

</doc>
<doc id="9769523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769523" title="Bill Deller">
Bill Deller

William Deller OAM (born 3 November 1943 in Williamstown, Victoria) is a former Australian rules football field umpire and administrator who officiated over 200 matches in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1967 to 1981, and then served as Director of Umpiring from 1982 to 1997.
Early years.
Born and raised in Williamstown, Deller began his football involvement with the Williamstown Football Club, as his father was a player and later trainer there.
Deller played football and cricket at school and for local clubs Spotswood and Kingsville. He was encouraged to try his hand at the whistle after a friend recommended he attend the VFL's umpiring summer school for umpires. After graduating, Deller began his umpiring career in 1963 in the Dandenong juniors. By 1965, he was umpiring in the VFL reserves. 
His talent was recognized by observers, but questions remained about his fitness. At this time, Deller was still playing cricket in the summer. As a result, he lacked the endurance that a strong pre-season running program would have provided. Deller decided to concentrate on football, but was able to maintain his cricket commitments with the then Victorian Football League Umpires Association (VFLUA) club.
Embarking on a training program with former VFL boundary umpire Arthur Cook, Deller's fitness and endurance improved significantly. By 1967, he was ready to umpire in the senior grade.
VFL umpiring career.
Deller made his VFL senior grade debut in round 17 of the 1967 VFL season in a match between Essendon and Footscray at Windy Hill, a match in which the police attempted to arrest the Essendon runner, whom they mistook for a pitch invader from the crowd. Deller umpired his first finals match in 1971 – the second semi final between Hawthorn and St Kilda. He umpired his first Grand Final the following year between Carlton and Richmond.
In 1974, Deller suffered a severe back injury which ruled him out for the entire season. He returned to action mid-way through the 1975 VFL season, and in 1976 was appointed along with Kevin Smith to co-umpire the Grand Final. This was the first Grand Final to be run by two field umpires. 
Deller retired from umpiring at the end of the 1981 VFL season. In total he umpired 251 senior VFL matches. This included 20 finals matches, five of which were Grand Finals.
Director of Umpiring.
Immediately after retirement, Deller replaced Harry Beitzel as the part-time VFL Director of Umpiring. From 1987 to 1997, he was the Australian Football League (AFL) National Director of Umpiring. During his time in charge, Deller oversaw a series of major changes including:
In recognition of his on-field and off-field achievements, Deller has received numerous awards, including life membership of the Australian Football League Umpires Association (AFLUA) in 1975 and the AFL in 1993. In 1995, he was awarded the Order of Australia Medal for his services to Australian rules football. Deller was one of the first umpires to be inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9769524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769524" title="Malunga">
Malunga

The malunga is a single-stringed musical bow played by the Siddi of India, who are the descendants of East African immigrants. It produces two tones, an octave apart, and the knuckle of the hand supporting the instrument may also presses against the string to vary the pitch. It is struck with a stick and, as with the "berimbau" of Brazil, the hand holding the stick also holds a rattle (in the case of the "malunga" the rattle, called "mai misra"). The "malunga" has a gourd resonator which amplifies the instrument's sound. The placement of this rattle along the string also varies the pitch produced by the Malunga.
Construction.
The bow is of solid-core Bamboo cane and the string is made of three twisted strands of gut. The gourd resonator is made from a coconut shell and is a mobile part of the instrument.
Cultural Importance.
The "malunga" is one of the instruments that is used in the religious practices of the Siddi, an extremely discriminated against people in India. This instrument is one of the few that are still in existence that can be played, though its scarcity is growing.
Attempt to Save Malunga.
The religious practices of the Siddi are a vital part of their cultural identity and music plays a large role in these practices. Recently, a documentary was made about the "Malunga" and its importance to the Siddi. The message from this documentary was the rate at which these religious instruments are dying out; many of those able to play are elderly and disabled. The film crew sought to keep the cultural practice alive and implemented a camp for the new generation to learn to play the "Malunga". The camp consisted of making the actual instrument, learning to play it, and learning to play it in the context of religious practice. The film can be viewed here: *"Malunga" Documentary

</doc>
<doc id="9769533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769533" title="Branyo">
Branyo

The Branyo is a form of dance from Malaysia traditionally danced by the original Portuguese colonists of Malacca and their present-day descendants in Malaysia and Singapore. It is a development of the Portuguese folk dance corridinho from the Algarve. Branyo has been an integral part of the Malaccan Portuguese festival of "Introdu" since the early 16th century. "Introdu" is known as Shrove Sunday or "Quinquagesima" to the non-Portuguese speaking world and is the Sunday just before Ash Wednesday which marks the season of Lent. This dance has enriched Malay culture and has influenced the later Malay dance known as the ronggeng.
There are 4 rhythms in Branyo. They are "Jingli Nona", "Canji Papa", "Che Corte" and "Sarampeh". 

</doc>
<doc id="9769547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769547" title="Türlersee">
Türlersee

Türlersee is a lake in the district of Affoltern, Canton of Zurich, Switzerland. It lies on the border of the municipalities of Aeugst and Hausen am Albis at an elevation of 643 m. The lake has an area of 0.49 km² (maximum length 1.4 km, width 500 m).

</doc>
<doc id="9769565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769565" title="Steppin' Out with My Baby">
Steppin' Out with My Baby

"Steppin' Out with My Baby" is a popular song written by Irving Berlin and introduced in the 1948 musical film "Easter Parade". There it was sung by Fred Astaire as part of a dance number involving Astaire on stairs and three different dance partners.
Since then the song has been recorded and performed by several artists, most notably Tony Bennett, in whose treatment it has become a jazz standard. Introduced as the title song on his 1993 Astaire-themed album "Steppin' Out", a stylish music video for it garnered some MTV airplay and was part of Bennett's commercial resurgence at the time. In concert Bennett often turns the song into an instrumental showcase for his band and for his own jazz-influenced singing style, varying the dynamic between the soft, semi-scat patter and a loud, soaring finish. One such performance was included on his high-selling 1994 ' album. Later Bennett recorded it as bonus tracks duets with Michael Bublé and Delta Goodrem for his 2006 ' album; performed it three times with Christina Aguilera on his NBC special "An American Classic, Saturday Night Live", and the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards in 2007; and in 2011 with Haley Reinhart in the finale show of "American Idol" season 10.
In 1996, Martin Short and Miss Piggy performed the song on an episode of "Muppets Tonight".
In 2013 Anthony Strong released an album with the song as the title track.

</doc>
<doc id="9769574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769574" title="Ben Wyatt">
Ben Wyatt

Benjamin Sana "Ben" Wyatt (born 1 April 1974) is an Australian politician who is the current Labor Party member for the seat of Victoria Park in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. Born in Wewak, Papua New Guinea, to Australian parents, Wyatt moved to Western Australia at an early age, where he attended Aquinas College in Perth. He went on to receive a law degree from the University of Western Australia, later attending the London School of Economics on a scholarship. Wyatt returned to Australia in 2002, where he worked as a lawyer. He was elected to parliament in 2006, at the Victoria Park by-election, replacing Geoff Gallop, a former premier. Wyatt currently serves as Shadow Treasurer and Shadow Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, amongst other portfolios.
Biography.
Wyatt was born on 1 April 1974 in Wewak, a town on the northern coast of the-then Territory of Papua New Guinea. His parents were both school-teachers on an exchange program—his father, Cedric Wyatt, was originally from the Pilbara, and his mother was originally from Newcastle, New South Wales. Wyatt has Yamatji heritage through his father, and his cousin, Ken Wyatt, was the first member of the Australian House of Representatives of Indigenous Australian descent. His family returned to Perth, Western Australia, in 1976. Wyatt grew up in regional Western Australia, with his parents teaching in various locations in the Goldfields, including Laverton and Kalgoorlie. He returned to Perth to attend high school at Aquinas College, and later studied at the University of Western Australia, graduating with a Bachelor of Laws degree. He also attended the Royal Military College, Duntroon, graduating as an officer in 1996, and later received the Australian Defence Medal. After working in law firms in Perth and Sydney, Wyatt received an Ambassadorial Scholarship in 2001 from the Rotary Foundation, allowing him to study comparative politics at the London School of Economics.
After returning to Western Australia in 2002, Wyatt began working at Minter Ellison, one of the "Big Six" law firms in Australia. He also worked at the Department of Public Prosecutions before running for parliament at the 2006 Victoria Park by-election, triggered by the resignation of Geoff Gallop, the Premier of Western Australia at the time. Wyatt won the seat with 49.38% of the vote and 61.18% of the two-party preferred vote, a swing of 7.93% and 4.86% away, respectively, from the Australian Labor Party, becoming the second-youngest sitting parliamentarian and the third Indigenous Australian in parliament. After Labor's defeat in the 2008 state election, Wyatt was promoted to the role of treasurer in the new shadow cabinet as well as Shadow Minister for Federal–State Relations and Shadow Minister for Culture and the Arts. In January 2011, Wyatt intended to challenge Eric Ripper as Leader of the Opposition and of the Australian Labor Party in Western Australia, but withdrew after finding little support amongst caucus members. Ripper resigned from the position in January 2012, but Wyatt did not contest the leadership, with Mark McGowan was elected unopposed as Leader of the Opposition.
List of portfolios.
Wyatt has held the following portfolios since his election in 2006:

</doc>
<doc id="9769589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769589" title="San Sai District">
San Sai District

San Sai () is a district ("amphoe") in the central part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
History.
In the rainy season, the Ping and Khao rivers bring a lot of sand to accumulate at the area of the rivers join together year by year. It happens a big sand dune. Now the area is the location of San Sai district office. When the government created the district in this area on October 20, 1897, they selected name San Sai. San means Dune and Sai means Sand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mae Taeng, Doi Saket, San Kamphaeng, Mueang Chiang Mai and Mae Rim and of Chiang Mai Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 12 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 116 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - San Sai Luang covers parts of "tambon" San Sai Luang, San Sai Noi, San Phranet and Pa Phai; and Mae Cho parts of "tambon" Nong Chom, Nong Han and Pa Phai. There are further 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9769591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769591" title="Ben Woldring">
Ben Woldring

Ben Woldring (born February 6, 1985 in Groningen
) is a Dutch internet entrepreneur and millionaire from Usquert who first rose to fame in the fall of 1998 when, for a school assignment, he made a website where consumers could compare prices for mobile phone services. As a result, he appeared on television programmes like Kassa and the Jeugdjournaal. In 1999, the website Bellen.com registered its 100,000th visitor; a year later, Woldring started the company Bencom B.V. and hired his mother as an employee. In 2003, he won Ernst & Young's Entrepreneur of the Year Award and on November 14, 2006 he was named the best European Entrepreneur under 25 by Business Week. He is also an ambassador for the Beatrix Kinderkliniek in Groningen and the Stichting voor het Gehandicapte Kind. As of September 2009, he owns 9 price comparison websites, with the hotel comparison site LookingforBooking.com as his most recent project.
Woldring also wrote an autobiography, "Ik Ben Internet-ondernemer!", published in 2000, in which he describes his life, explains his work and also gives advice.

</doc>
<doc id="9769595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769595" title="Allen Allensworth">
Allen Allensworth

Allen Allensworth (7 April 1842 – 14 September 1914), born into slavery, escaped and became a Union soldier; later he became a Baptist minister and educator, and was appointed as a chaplain in the United States Army. He was the first African American to reach the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. He planted numerous churches, and in 1908 founded Allensworth, California, the only town in the state to be founded, financed and governed by African Americans.
During the American Civil War, he escaped by joining the 44th Illinois Volunteers and later served two years in the Navy. After being ordained as a minister, he worked as a teacher, studied theology and led several churches. In 1880 and 1884, he served as the only black delegate from Kentucky in the Republican National Conventions. In 1886 he gained an appointment as a military chaplain to a unit of Buffalo Soldiers and served in the US Army for 20 years, retiring in 1906.
In addition to his work in developing churches, he was notable for founding the township of Allensworth, California in 1908; it was intended as an all-black community. Although environmental conditions inhibited its success as a farming community and the residents abandoned it after a few generations, much of the former town has been preserved as the Colonel Allensworth State Historic Park. It marks the founders' dream and the thriving community that developed for some time.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Born into slavery in Louisville, Kentucky in 1842, Allensworth was the youngest of thirteen children of Phyllis (c. 1782 - 1878) and Levi Allensworth. Over the years, their family was scattered: his sister Lila escaped with her intended husband to Canada by the Underground Railroad; and the older boys William, George, Frank, Levi and Major were sold downriver to plantations in the Deep South, which continued to buy workers from the Upper South. Mary Jane was his only sibling who grew up in Kentucky and married there.
His mother was held by A.P. and Bett Starbird. The mistress assigned Allen as a young slave to her son Thomas. When the Starbird boy started school, Allen began to learn from him, although it was illegal. After his father died when Allen was young, his mother chose to be sold as a cook to a neighbor, the attorney Nat Wolfe. When the Starbirds found Allen was learning to read, they separated him from their son and placed him with another family, the Talbots. Mrs. Talbot, a Quaker, was kind to Allen and continued to teach him to read and write; she also took him to a Sunday school for slave children. When Bett Starbird discovered this, she took Allen back. In 1854 she made arrangements with her husband's partner John Smith to send the boy to his brother Pat's plantation down the Mississippi River in Henderson, to put an end to his learning. On the steamboat, the boy was placed in the care of a slave steward rather than being chained with other slaves below deck, who were being taken for sale to downriver markets.
Hebe Smith, Allen's new mistress, assigned him to be a houseboy; she prohibited him from continuing his studies, and whipped him for trying to do so. Also working in the household was a white orphan boy Eddie; the two boys became friends and helped each other. Suffering on the farm from a cruel overseer, in 1855 at age 13, Allen planned to escape to Canada. He spent two weeks hiding at a neighboring farm before returning to the Smiths for punishment. Later he ran away again. The Smiths and Starbirds agreed to sell him on the auction block in Henderson.
Allensworth was sold again in Memphis, Tennessee and shipped to New Orleans. There he was bought by Fred Scruggs, who taught him to work as an exercise boy and jockey in Jefferson, Louisiana. Unlike others, his new master was pleased to learn that the boy could read; he assigned him to race his best horse.
Civil War and freedom.
In early 1861 the Civil War loomed, but horse racing continued and Scruggs took Allen and his horses upriver for the fall meet in Louisville. Allensworth hoped to see his mother Phyllis again, as he had learned that her last master, a Rev. Bayliss, had freed her after she cared for his dying wife. He found that she had recently gone to New Orleans with a Union man to look for her sons. (She found Major in prison.) Waiting for her return, Allensworth was reunited with his sister Mary Jane, who had married and had a son. She had purchased her freedom in 1849. When Phyllis Starbird returned to Louisville, she and Allen were reunited.
While working nearby on a farm where Scruggs' deputy had placed him, Allensworth met soldiers from the 44th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment, a Union unit encamped near Louisville. When he told them of wanting freedom, they invited him to join the Hospital Corps. In disguise, he marched with the unit past his old master through Louisville and off to war. After serving as a civilian nursing aide for some time, he was invited to accompany Dr. A. J. Gordon, one of the surgeons, to his home in Georgetown, Ohio. There Allensworth dined with Gordon's family, was given a room of his own, and felt he first walked as a free man. With the war continuing, in 1863 Allensworth enlisted in the US Navy, where he earned his first pay as a free man. He was soon promoted to Captain's steward and clerk, and served on the gunboats "Queen City" and "Tawah" for two years.
Postwar years.
Allensworth first returned to Kentucky to work and study. In 1868 he joined his brother William in St. Louis, where they operated two restaurants. Within a short time, they received a favorable offer and sold them out; Allensworth returned to Louisville. He worked while putting himself through the Ely Normal School, one of several new schools in the South established by the American Missionary Association. During Reconstruction, Allensworth taught at schools for freedmen and their children operated by the Freedmen's Bureau.
After the war, Allensworth became involved with the Baptist Church in Louisville. He was ordained in 1871 by the Baptists as a preacher. In the 1870s, he went on to study theology in Tennessee. During this time he also served as preacher in Franklin, Tennessee, south of Nashville.
In 1875, he started working as a teacher in Georgetown, Kentucky. He also served as the financial agent of the General Association of the Colored Baptists in Kentucky. They had joined together to support the founding of a religious school for black teachers and preachers. Allensworth was among the founders of The State University, helped guarantee the salary of the president in the early years, and served on the Board of Trustees.
He returned to Louisville when called to be pastor of the Harney Street Baptist Church, which he reorganized, attracting many new members. They renamed it Centennial Baptist Church; it was selected as a model by the American Baptist Home Mission Society of America. Within a few years, Allensworth had increased the congregation nearly fivefold, and it built a new church.
Marriage and family.
In 1877 he married Josephine Leavell (1855–1938), also a native of Kentucky; they had met while studying at Roger Williams University in Nashville, Tennessee. She was an accomplished pianist, organist and music teacher. They had two daughters together, Eva and Nella.
The year of his marriage, Allensworth invited his mother to live with him and Josephine. They had several months together before she died in 1878 at the age of 96.
Post-Reconstruction era.
Allensworth was called to the State Street Church in Bowling Green, Kentucky. He also gave public lectures. That fall, he went to Boston to give a series of lectures, after studying public speaking in Philadelphia.
On his return, he met people from the American Baptist Publication Society in Philadelphia, who appointed him as Sunday School Missionary for the state of Kentucky. He had always worked to build up the Sunday Schools at his churches, and this gave him the chance to continue to work on education around the state. The Colored Baptist State Sunday School Convention of Kentucky appointed him to the position of State Sunday School Superintendent.
With his leadership positions and public speaking, Allensworth became increasingly interested in politics. In 1880 and 1884, he was selected as Kentucky's only black delegate to the Republican National Conventions.
Military career as chaplain.
In 1886, when he was 44, Allensworth gained support by both southern and northern politicians for appointment as a chaplain in the US Army; his appointment was confirmed by the Senate, as necessary at the time, and approved by the president. He was one of the few black chaplains in the US Army and was assigned to the 24th Infantry Regiment, known as the Buffalo Soldiers. His family accompanied him on assignments in the West, ranging from Fort Bayard, New Mexico Territory to Fort Supply, Indian Territory and Fort Harrison, near Helena, Montana. His wife played organ in the fort chapels.
At Fort Bayard, Allensworth wrote "Outline of Course of Study," and the "Rules Governing Post Schools of Ft. Bayard, N.M.". The Army adapted these for use as the standard manual on the education of enlisted personnel.
By the time of his retirement in 1906, Allensworth had been promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, the first African American to do so.
Allensworth, California.
After the Army, Allensworth and his family settled in Los Angeles. He was inspired by the idea of establishing a self-sufficient, all-black California community where African Americans could live free of the racial discrimination that pervaded post-Reconstruction America. His dream was to build a community where black people might live and create "sentiment favorable to intellectual and industrial liberty." 
In 1908, he founded Allensworth in Tulare county, about thirty miles north of Bakersfield, in the heart of the San Joaquin Valley. The black settlers of Allensworth built homes, laid out streets, and put up public buildings. They established a church, and organized an orchestra, a glee club, and a brass band.
The Allensworth colony became a member of the county school district and the regional library system and a voting precinct. Residents elected the first African-American Justice of the Peace in post-Mexican California. In 1914, the "California Eagle" reported that the Allensworth community consisted of of deeded land worth more than US$112,500.
Allensworth soon became a town, not just a colony. Among the social and educational organizations that flourished during its golden age were the Campfire Girls, the Owl Club, the Girls' Glee Club, and the Children's Savings Association, for the town's younger residents, while adults participated in the Sewing Circle, the Whist Club, the Debating Society, and the Theater Club. Col. Allensworth was an admirer of the African-American educator Booker T. Washington, who was the founder and longtime leader of the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama. Allensworth dreamed that his new community could be self-sufficient and become known as the "Tuskegee of the West".
The Girls' Glee Club was modeled after the Jubilee Singers of Fisk University, who had toured internationally. They were the community's pride and joy. All the streets in the town were named after notable African Americans and/or white abolitionists, such as Sojourner Truth, Frederick Douglass, poet Paul Lawrence Dunbar, and "Uncle Tom's Cabin" author Harriet Beecher Stowe.
The dry and dusty soil made farming difficult. The drinking water became contaminated by toxins as the water level fell.
The year 1914 also brought a number of setbacks to the town. First, much of the town’s economic base was lost when the Santa Fe Railroad moved its rail stop from Allensworth to Alpaugh. In September, during a trip to Monrovia, California, Colonel Allensworth was crossing the street when he was struck and killed by a motorcycle. The town refuses to die. The downtown area is now preserved as Colonel Allensworth State Historic Park where thousands of visitors come from all over California to partake in the special events held at the park during the year. The area outside the state park is also still inhabited.
Allensworth is the only California community to be founded, financed and governed by African Americans. The founders were dedicated to improving the economic and social status of African Americans. Uncontrollable circumstances, including a drop in the area’s water table, resulted in the town’s decline.

</doc>
<doc id="9769596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769596" title="John Riccitiello">
John Riccitiello

John Riccitiello is an American businessman who served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Electronic Arts (EA) from 1997 to 2004, then later CEO of Electronic Arts (EA) from 2007 to 2013.
Personal life.
Riccitiello received a Bachelor of Science degree from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley in 1981, graduating with honors.
Career.
He then worked in a variety of consumer product companies including The Clorox Company (Brand Manager), PepsiCo (Group Marketing Director), and Häagen-Dazs International (Managing Director). He accepted his first CEO position in 1993 when he became President and CEO of Wilson Sporting Goods. In 1996 he became President and CEO of Sara Lee Corporation's Sara Lee Bakery Worldwide.
EA.
From October 1997 through April 2004, Riccitiello became President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Electronic Arts. Responsible for global publishing, online, and corporate functions, his background in global consumer marketing helped facilitate the expansion of EA's video games into the worldwide mass market.
During his tenure, EA emerged as the world's largest maker of video games, with sales rising from about $673 million in 1997 to more than $3 billion in fiscal year 2004. Profit rose from $51.3 million in 1997 to $577 million in fiscal year 2004.
Significant business milestones during this period included EA's online gaming partnership with AOL, a dual joint venture with Square, Japan's most successful interactive entertainment software company, and a general transition towards the increased importance of larger franchises such as the Madden NFL line of sports games. Riccitiello and studio chief Don Mattrick also notably encouraged the company to get behind The Sims, developed by Will Wright, which later became one of the best-selling EA game series of all time.
Elevation Partners.
Riccitiello left EA in early 2004 to co-found Elevation Partners, a Private Equity capital fund, along with Silver Lake Partners co-founder Roger McNamee, U2 lead singer Bono, and a number of Silicon Valley investors. Riccitiello served as Managing Director. Focusing on the media and entertainment business, the firm made a number of large-scale investments, most noteworthy a $400 million investment in 2005 into Pandemic Studios and BioWare. Both Pandemic and BioWare were acquired by EA in 2007 for $860 million.
Elevation has gone on to invest in Media, Internet, and Entertainment companies such as Forbes, SDI Media Group, Palm, Facebook and Yelp.
Return to EA.
In 2007, Riccitiello was re-hired by EA, this time to serve as CEO.
He inherited a number of significant challenges at EA upon his return. Profits had declined, an increasing expense line was beginning to outpace revenue growth, and the company was largely unprepared for the digital transformation facing the gaming industry as a whole. According to Elevation's McNamee, “Internet access was going to change the delivery of content. EA at the time was incredibly happy doing what they were doing, but John’s feeling was that they were going to get killed by the change.”
Riccitiello has been credited with diversifying Electronic Arts' business model, and leading the company's shift from consumer packaged goods into the digital delivery of content via console, PC, tablet and mobile devices. A few months after becoming EA’s CEO in 2007, Riccitiello called a meeting of EA’s top executives to address the company’s need to transform itself to survive. Riccitiello described the company’s position at the time: “Our game quality was down, and our costs were high. I could see a fundamental digital transformation coming to our industry that we were not even prepared for. The hardest part was that we were in deep denial.”
In an August, 2011 blog post, Riccitiello spoke publicly about the transformation: “Our quality has risen dramatically. We’ve built an $800m+ digital business while pushing down operating costs ... Now, we are switching from defense to offense. We’re focusing on building our intellectual properties/franchises into year-round business. We’ve established our own platform, Origin, and we continue to grow our digital business."
EA generated $1.6 billion of digital revenue in 2012 and a #1 ranking in annual revenue for Apple iOS. Qualitatively, under Riccitiello's tenure EA ascended in metacritic's rankings from #5 in 2010, #4 in 2011, to #1 in 2012. Profitability was up each year from fiscal year 2009 through fiscal year 2012, but fell below projections in 2013.
At a 2011 commencement address at the UC Berkeley Haas School of Business, Riccitiello said "we knew it would be hard but we had no idea how hard. We knew the enormous investments would be unsettling to investors … and that the return would be a long way off. Perhaps most painfully – we had to do these three hard things while the press and many financial analysts told us we were crazy – that the cutting we were doing was great, but that the investment in digital was just not a good idea. It proved very hard to hear the negative drumbeat from out there in the public while tackling very hard challenges at work. Like everyone else who has had a long business career, I’ve had first-hand experience with failure – and I’ve had the opportunity to learn and recover from it. Everyone fails. Everyone falls down. Everyone loses a game or gets a bad grade … When it happens, fail well."
In March 2013, EA announced Riccitiello would step down as CEO at the end of the month. Executive Chairman Larry Probst said, "John’s tenure at EA has been marked by bold decisions, a big vision for online games, a passion for product quality, and an enduring respect for the people who work here. John made an indelible mark on our culture and shaped many of our most successful leaders."
In March 2013 he resigned, and chairman Larry Probst was named executive chairman while the company searched for a replacement.
Educational institutions.
He currently serves on the Board of Councilors of the USC School of Cinematic Arts and on the Board of Directors of the UC Berkeley Haas School of Business.

</doc>
<doc id="9769601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769601" title="Aleksandar Bajevski">
Aleksandar Bajevski

Aleksandar Bajevski (, born 8 December 1979) is a Macedonian international footballer who plays for FK Radnički Niš in Serbian SuperLiga. He now plays for Valletta FC in the Maltese Premier League.
Career.
Born in Skopje, SR Macedonia, his previous clubs include OFK Beograd, Ferencváros, Al-Ahli Doha. Bajevski is a trainee of Vardar Skopje. In the beginning of March 2007, he has been released free from Górnik Łęczna on his own request. In 2007, he signed a contract with the Belgian team KV Mechelen. In summer 2012 he returned to Serbia and joined FK Radnički Niš.
International career.
He has played for the Macedonian national team, including 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="9769619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769619" title="W. M. W. Fowler">
W. M. W. Fowler

William Menzies Weekes Fowler (known as W. M. W. Fowler or Willie Fowler) (14 July 1914 - 1977) was an English Royal Air Force pilot and author of the cookbook "Countryman's Cooking". 
Fowler was born in 1914 in Lostock, Bolton, Lancashire and went to Durham School. He settled in Eskdale, Cumbria. A Lancaster bomber pilot in World War II, he was shot down in July 1941 over Münster, Germany. Subsequently Fowler was detained in several prison camps until he was moved to Stalag Luft III in April 1943.
After the war he returned to Eskdale where he farmed mink and daffodils. In 1965 he published his cookbook "Countryman's Cooking", which focused upon the preparation and cooking of game and fish. While the first edition of his book was not popular, the 2006 edition proved more so, selling over 10,000 copies.
His writing is studded with amusing anecdotes (such as cooking the Kommandant's cat with a black market onion) and his forthright opinions about a wide variety of topics. Notably, the book details an (infamous) spoof recipe on cooking cormorant that includes the memorable advice 
"Hang up by the feet with a piece of wire, soak in petrol and set on fire" (taken from Fowler, 2006).
Fowler was married three times. He married his second wife (Toni Richards, also known as "Slosh") in 1958. She was the inspiration for his published work and "Countryman's Cooking" is dedicated to her.
Fowler died in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="9769630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769630" title="Sean O'Connor (footballer)">
Sean O'Connor (footballer)

Sean O'Connor (born 7 July 1981 in Wolverhampton) is an English professional footballer, who currently plays for Hednesford Town.
After starting his career with local side Hednesford Town, O'Connor moved into the Scottish game with Scottish Premier League side Dundee United. From there he had a couple of loan spells, one with Greenock Morton and the other with Northern Irish side Portadown. Upon leacving United he had a spell with Queen of the South before heading back to England with Morecambe.
Since leaving Morecambe in 2006, O'Connor has spent his time in the Scottish Football League, with Queen of the South again as well as their near neighbours Annan.
Early career.
O'Connor started his career at non-league club Hednesford Town, working his way through the youth system at Keys Park before making his first team debut during the 1998–99 season. His form attracted the attention of a number of clubs, with Dundee United paying £30,000 for him in January 2000, despite O'Connor only playing in 14 matches for the Pitmen. His chances at Tannadice were limited to only a handful of appearances and he was sent out on loan to gain first team experience elsewhere. After a short spell in Ireland playing for Portadown, he came back to Scotland to have a similar spell with Morton.
While O'Connor was on loan at Morton, he played in a remarkable match against his future club Queen of the South, at Palmerston on 26 February 2002. This game alerted O'Connor to Queens attention, so much so that the club signed him the following month.
On an extremely wet and windy night and with an attendance of only 1242, Queen of the South defeated Morton 6–5 in an 11 goal thriller. Queens raced to a 4–1 lead and by half time were 6–3 ahead. Morton scored two goals in the last few minutes and almost equalised with a great chance in the last moment of the match. O'Connor scored Morton's third goal that night in 37 minutes.
Queen of the South (1st & 2nd spells).
In March 2002, O'Connor joined Queen of the South from Dundee United on a permanent contract. On 20 April 2002 he scored the third goal in the 3–0 victory that clinched the 2001–02 Scottish Second Division Championship at Station Park versus Forfar Athletic. He was an instant hit with the Queens faithful as he ended his first full season in Dumfries as top goalscorer. Injuries took their toll during his second full season at the club and O'Connor reluctantly rejected the offer of a new contract from Queens due to family reasons, at the end of 2003–04.
O'Connor decided to return to England at the start of the 2004–05 season and signed a two-year contract with Morecambe at Christie Park, where injuries again restricted his time on the playing field. O'Connor scored three league goals in only 16 appearances.
In 2006, he made a surprise return to Queen of the South, joining on a short-term deal, originally to prove his fitness. O'Connor played in all six of Queen of the South's games in their run to the 2008 Scottish Cup Final. O'Connor scored the third Queens goal in the 2007–08 Scottish Cup 4–3 semi final victory over Aberdeen at Hampden Park to take Queens to their first ever Scottish Cup Final in their 89-year history. Barry Nicholson of Aberdeen later said that he felt O'Connor was Queens best player on the day.
In the 2008 Scottish Cup Final, as Queens trailed Rangers 2–0 at half time through goals by Kris Boyd and DaMarcus Beasley, O'Connor crossed the ball for Steve Tosh to score Queen of the South's first goal of the match in 50 minutes. The Doonhamers equalised in 52 minutes through club captain Jim Thomson. Kris Boyd scored his 2nd goal of the final and Rangers 3rd in 71 minutes to secure the Scottish Cup for Rangers.
O'Connor scored in the home leg of Queen of the South's UEFA Cup 2nd qualification round match against FC Nordsjaelland after 28 minutes. This made O'Connor the first player to score for Queens in a UEFA Cup Competition.
Retirement and return to football.
In April 2009 O'Connor announced he would retire the following month after a series of knee injuries, having initially been advised by medical staff to retire several months
previously. 
After retiring from the game at the end of the 2008–09 season, O'Connor decided to visit his surgeon and got the green light to relaunch his football career. O'Connor said "I had a rest from the end of the season last year to November before having the operation. I went into it thinking that my career was over because the damage to the knee was so bad. But when the surgeon opened it up it wasn't as serious as he first thought. When I woke up he told me that it wasn't as bad as I'd been told. That was a huge relief but I still didn't ever think I'd be playing football again. I spent a few months on crutches over Christmas before going to see him again in January. When I went back to see him I asked if I could start playing again with my mates. Maybe a game of five-a-side, just to get a kickabout for a bit of fun. That was all I was hoping for, but he said to me that he felt I could play again at any level I wanted as long as I do the work building up my muscles. So me being me took that as a challenge and I've spent the last while working hard to get myself fit. Realistically, I didn't think I would be back playing at this level again. But once I started running I've felt better and better so I've just kept pushing it to see how far I go. It's still just a case of taking it one day at a time."
After training with Queen of the South during February 2010, O'Connor returned as a trialist for Annan Athletic versus Elgin City on 6 March 2010. O'Connor played 81 minutes of the 3–3 draw at Galabank.
On 13 March 2010, O'Connor had a second match as a trialist for Annan Athletic versus Forfar Athletic and scored the opening goal in the 5–1 victory at Station Park. O'Connor played 63 minutes of this match.
O'Connor returned to the first team squad at Queen of the South on 18 March 2010. Manager at the time, Gordon Chisholm said, "The 'big man' actually hung up his boots at the end of last season but came out of retirement a month ago and has turned out twice as a trialist for Annan Athletic. Sean's been training with us for the past month and we all know what an asset he can be. He'll be in the squad for Saturday as a trialist but we'll be taking it one match at a time."
The first game of his return was at Somerset Park for Queens on 20 March 2010 versus Ayr United in a 3–0 defeat. O'Connor came on as a second half substitute after 73 minutes and was immediately handed the captain's armband.
The second game of his return was at Dens Park for Queens on 23 March 2010 versus Dundee in a 1–1 draw. O'Connor came on as a second half substitute after 67 minutes.
Queen of the South (3rd spell).
O'Connor signed for Queen of the South until the end of season 2009–10 on 25 March 2010 after impressing the new Queens caretaker manager Kenny Brannigan.
He signed a one-year contract with the club on 7 May 2010. However the club announced on 13 January 2011 that O'Connor had left Queens again.
Annan Athletic.
O'Connor signed for the Galabank club on 13 January 2011, immediately after leaving Queens.
O'Connor was contracted to Annan Athletic for the 2011–12 season.
Return to Hednesford Town.
In the 2012–13 pre-season, O'Connor got in contact with his first club with the aim of training with the squad and getting back to fitness. O'Connor impressed enough during training to be given a number of appearances in Hednesford's pre-season friendlies, with him scoring twice against Heath Hayes and once against Sutton Coldfield Town.
On 6 August 2012, the club confirmed that they had received the international clearance required and O'Connor had signed a 1 year contract for the Pitmen. He was loaned out to Stafford Rangers in March 2013 for four weeks.
Off the pitch.
Sean O'Connor married Jennifer Houliston, the granddaughter of Queen of the South's former Scotland internationalist Billy Houliston, in mid-2008. Jennifer's father Keith Houliston, just like his father Billy, served Queen of the South as both player and director. After O'Connor's first retirement in May 2009 Sean said, "Like Jim Thomson I now consider myself to be a naturalised 'Doonhamer' and treat Dumfries (or should I say Glencaple) as my home".

</doc>
<doc id="9769635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769635" title="Supplemental Result">
Supplemental Result

A supplemental result is a URL residing in Google's supplemental index, a secondary database containing pages of less importance, as measured primarily by Google's PageRank algorithm.
The importance of a page is measured by the number and quality of links pointing at it. The degree to which Google trusts a site's inbound links also influences the importance of a page. If Google detects paid links, for example, it will devalue the links or nullify them completely so that PageRank will not pass to the target page.
A supplemental page will still rank in search results, but only if there are not enough pages in the main index that are returned within the search.
Google used to place a "Supplemental result" label at the bottom of a search result to indicate that it is in the supplemental index; however in July 2007 they discontinued this practice and it is no longer possible to tell whether a result is in the supplemental index or the main one.[http://googlewebmastercentral.blogspot.com/2007/07/supplemental-goes-mainstream.html.
Causes of Supplemental Results.
Duplicate Content.
Some people believe that the supplemental index is Google’s way of filtering out duplicate content. codice_1 elements, codice_2 descriptions tags, and navigational text that are similar or identical can lead to duplicate or near-duplicate content.
Low PageRank.
However, duplicate content is a side effect of supplemental results, not the cause. Instead, low PageRank is the primary cause of supplemental results. Links to multiple versions of the same page dilutes PageRank across multiple URLs, thus increasing their chance of not reaching a minimum PageRank threshold. If a page's PageRank is too low, Google will drop it from its main index. That page will appear in search results as a supplemental result.
Lack of Trust.
Manipulative linking practices can also lower PageRank flow into a domain, thus creating more supplemental pages. Manipulative links include excessive reciprocal linking, link injections, and paid links. Questionable outlinks can also lead to link devaluation.
High Page Count.
A large site with a high page count is also generally more vulnerable to the supplemental index than a small site because inbound PageRanks divided among several hundred thousand pages tend to be lower than that divided up among only a few dozen pages.
Page Freshness.
Page freshness is also a factor.
Recommended Solutions to Supplemental Results.
The primary cure for supplemental results is more quality backlinks. Other solutions include internal links restructuring and trust management.

</doc>
<doc id="9769637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769637" title="30 minut z życia">
30 minut z życia

30 Minut z Życia is a freestyle album released by polish rapper O.S.T.R. in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9769639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769639" title="Jeff Crouch">
Jeff Crouch

Jeff Crouch (7 August 1934 – 5 August 1994) was a leading Australian rules football field umpire in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in the 1960s, and 1970s.
Crouch played in the 1953 Melbourne under-19s premiership and for Sandringham in the Victorian Football Association before umpiring five Grand Finals in a 10-season career. He was known for his excellent rapport with players. He became the VFL umpires advisor after retiring.
His umpiring career spanned from 1961 to 1970, and in total he umpired 186 games, including 15 finals matches. He umpired Grand Finals in 1963, 1965, 1966, 1968, and 1969.
He was named Victorian Father of the Year in 1989 and was a Director of the Royal Children's Hospital Appeal for 20 years.
Crouch was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9769643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769643" title="San Pa Tong District">
San Pa Tong District

San Pa Tong () is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise) Doi Lo, Mae Wang, Hang Dong of Chiang Mai Province, Mueang Lamphun and Pa Sang of Lamphun Province.
History.
Originally named Ban Mae, it was renamed to San Pa Tong in 1939.
The remains of an ancient walled town of the Haripunchai Kingdom, "Wiang Tha Kan", which was founded approximately 1000 years ago, lie in the southern part of this district, in tambon Ban Klang.
Administration.
The district is divided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 122 villages ("muban"). There are three subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon") - San Pa Tong covers parts of "tambon" Yu Wa, Makham Luang and Thung Tom; and Ban Klang which covers parts of Ban Klang, Tha Wang Phrao, Makham Luang and Ma Khun Wan. The are of Thung Tom subdistrict not covered by San Pa Thong municipality also forms a subdistrict municipality. There are further 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO), covering the non-municipal areas of each subdistrict.
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Mae Wang district.

</doc>
<doc id="9769644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769644" title="Bingkor">
Bingkor

Bingkor is a small township located in the Interior Division of Sabah, Malaysia. It is located about 10 kilometres from the town of Keningau. Majority of the people are Dusuns. They are subdivided into Dusun Gana and Dusun Kuyau.
Bingkor is known as a place where the Dusun warrior, Gunsanad came from. 

</doc>
<doc id="9769654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769654" title="Tyska Stallplan">
Tyska Stallplan

Tyska Stallplan (Swedish: "German Stable Square" or literally "Plane") is a street in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching south from Svartmangatan to Prästgatan, it is connected to Baggensgatan and Mårten Trotzigs Gränd, while forming a (somewhat) parallel street to Österlånggatan and Tyska Brinken.
By the street are the public library and the major school ("Storkyrkoskolan", "School of the Great Church" (e.g. Storkyrkan)) of the told town. While named a square, it undoubtedly remains a matter of taste and definition whether this elongated open space should be regarded as a street.
History.
On either side of the street was the Blackfriars monastery from the 1330s to the Reformation (1520-1530). Archaeological excavations in the area have unveiled the remains of the monastery's wall under the present streets. In the southern end of Tyska Stallplan several such traces have been discovered, and in Prästgatan, south of the street, lines of cobble stone are indicating the former extent of the monastery.
The open space was surrounded by several stables during the 18th and 19th centuries, and it was accordingly called "Stallplan" ("Stable Plane") in 1820. In 1844, however, it is referred to as "Stallplan äfven Tyska Skolg"["atan"] ("Stable Plane also German School Street"), and in 1870 as either "Tyska Stallplan" or "Tyska Skolgatan" ("German Stable Plane/School Street"). Obviously, the former somewhat misleading combination became the one used. The German School was, however, located on number 8, Själagårdsgatan. (See also Tyska Skolgränd.)
On the square is a granite sculpture by Ivar Johnsson from 1956 depicting a young man mounting a horse. The sculpture was, like several others pieces of public art in Stockholm, subject to sabotage in the late 1990s and thereafter, blown into hundreds of pieces but subsequently restored every time, last time in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9769665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769665" title="Avoca Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Avoca Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Avoca Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 405 and it contained 149 housing units.
The township is named after the former community of Avoca, settled in 1832 by William (1785–1834) and Sarah McDowell (1787–1858) and their seven children. The Avoca post office was established on 7 June 1838, and community was laid out in 1854. A church (the Pioneer Church) was built in the settlement in 1856. After the railroad bypassed the settlement, the buildings were dismantled and moved away, and the church burned down in 1876. A new church known as the Centennial Church was built the same year but dismantled in 1910. Today only the churchyard cemetery remains.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.73%) is land and (or 0.27%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769671" title="Belle Prairie Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Belle Prairie Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Belle Prairie Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois in the United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 135 and it contained 55 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9769673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769673" title="Live &amp; Learn (Daryl Stuermer album)">
Live &amp; Learn (Daryl Stuermer album)

Live & Learn is a blend of jazz, pop, fusion, and progressive rock, by Daryl Stuermer, longtime lead guitarist with Genesis and Phil Collins.

</doc>
<doc id="9769680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769680" title="Hang Dong District">
Hang Dong District

Hang Dong () is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand. It is not to be confused with Hang-dong neighborhood in Seoul, South Korea.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise) San Pa Tong, Mae Wang, Samoeng, Mae Rim, Mueang Chiang Mai, Saraphi of Chiang Mai Province and Mueang Lamphun of Lamphun Province.
To reach Baan Tawaii. (famous Handicraft center) you turn left just after Hang Dong market if you are driving from Chiang Mai.
Hang Dong has a 9 hole golf course located on the canal road.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 113 villages ("muban"). Nong Thong Phattana is a township ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of "tambon" Nong Thong. There are further 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9769681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769681" title="Chris Masuak">
Chris Masuak

Chris Masuak is a Canadian-born Australian rock musician, guitarist and songwriter. He joined the influential Sydney-based punk rock group Radio Birdman in late 1976, and for his other outfits The Hitmen, and The Screaming Tribesmen. He has also been a member of The Raouls, New Christs, The Juke Savages, and Klondike's North 40. 
His nickname of "Klondike" came from having spent part of his youth growing up in Kamloops, British Columbia.
Klondike's North 40 released their debut album "The Straight Path" on I-94 Bar Records in November 2007. It is a raw, high powered romp amidst a series of rock and roll genres. Paying homage in part to middle eastern ragas, the album is essentially propped up by the truly superb vocals of journeyman soul singer Matt Sulman. Masuak continues to impress with finger work reminiscent of his early glory days. Bass player Red Porter creates a buoyant, yet maleable bed of groovaliscious solidity upon which the various talents of the band are highlighted.
Masuak re-joined a new line-up of the Hitmen in December 2007 and they are still a going concern.
Masuak re-located to Spain in January 2010 with European tours lined up as guest guitarist with French band the Outside and Brazil-based Simon Chainsaw. Before leaving Australia he completed work on his album "Workhorse" which is slated for a release in early 2011 on I-94 Bar Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9769682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769682" title="Tarique Ghaffur">
Tarique Ghaffur

Tarique Ghaffur, CBE QPM (; born 8 June 1958) is a former high-ranking British police officer in London's Metropolitan Police Service. His last post was that of Assistant Commissioner–Central Operations.
Biography.
Born in Jinja, Uganda to Muslim Punjabi parents hailing from modern-day Pakistan in 1958, Ghaffur and his family emigrated to the United Kingdom in 1972 after President Idi Amin forcibly expelled most of the country's minority South Asian population. Ghaffur's parents had previously emigrated from British India's Punjab region to Uganda during the Partition of India in 1947.
Tarique's family was taken to a resettlement camp in Staffordshire. 
Two years later, in 1974, Ghaffur joined the newly formed Greater Manchester Police, where he worked in uniform and as a CID detective. One of only two police officers from a minority ethnic background out of a force of over 6,000, Ghaffur asserted that the desk sergeant on his first day with the police refused him admission to the station as he did not believe he was a police officer.
Ghaffur rose through the ranks at the GMP, reaching the rank of Superintendent and transferring to Leicestershire Constabulary in 1989. He was appointed Assistant Chief Constable in Lancashire Constabulary. After reaching the rank of Deputy Chief Constable at Lancashire, he transferred to the Metropolitan Police Service in 1999 as a Deputy Assistant Commissioner and in 2000 served as Borough Commander of the City of Westminster.
In 2001, he was promoted to Assistant Commissioner, and headed three of the Metropolitan Police's Operational Command Units: the Directorate of Performance, Review and Standards in 2001; the Specialist Crime Directorate from November 2002; and Central Operations from 2006.
He is currently dean of the London Community College of Education, a private college in London.
Controversies.
The UK's highest-ranking Asian Muslim police officer, he often used his position to comment on issues of alleged racism in the police service, and on alleged discrimination against Muslims as a factor inciting radical Islam. In June 2008 he accused his own force of racism, claiming that, inter alia, he was not properly consulted over the proposed law involving 42-day detentions for terror suspects The MPS rejected the claim of racism and said it would "robustly challenge" Mr Ghaffur's claim at any employment tribunal.
In 2005 Tarique Ghaffur and Sir Ian Blair were involved in Operation Finnean, the investigation into supermodel Kate Moss's alleged possession and distribution of a Class A drug. It has been alleged that the operation was systematically sabotaged by officers eager to undermine Ghaffur and Blair's high profile stance on celebrity drug taking, and thereby erode their authority.
On 28 August 2008, Ghaffur held a press conference at which he accused the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, Sir Ian Blair, of racism and discrimination, and confirmed speculation that he would take proceedings against Sir Ian and the MPS at an employment tribunal. In the following days, Ghaffur claimed, he received death threats which he claims to believe come (in part) from within the MPS. As a consequence he says he considered a leave of absence, and his lawyers hired a firm of private bodyguards to secure his safety. Although he has disclosed them in the media, Ghaffur has not reported these death threats to the police, claiming that he has lost faith in the ability and willingness of the police to protect him.
On 25 November 2008, the Metropolitan Police Authority confirmed that Tarique Ghaffur had agreed an out-of-court settlement for £300,000 in his racial discrimination claim against Scotland Yard. Both parties agreed to a confidentiality clause and Ghaffur retired from the Metropolitan Police on 27 November 2008.
Education.
Ghaffur studied at Manchester Metropolitan University and graduated BA (Hons) in Public Administration and MA in Criminology.
Awards.
Ghaffur was awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM) in 2001 for Services to Policing and he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for Services to Policing in the 2004 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Ghaffur was awarded an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Laws from Manchester Metropolitan University on 16 July 2007, and an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Laws from the University of Leicester on 25 January 2008.
Family.
Ghaffur is married and has two children. He has been married twice.

</doc>
<doc id="9769683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769683" title="Steppin' Out">
Steppin' Out

Steppin' Out or Stepping Out may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9769688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769688" title="Broughton Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Broughton Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Broughton Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 313 and it contained 139 housing units. Broughton Township changed its name from Broughtonville Township on October 3, 1860.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9769690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769690" title="Hirotaka Takeuchi">
Hirotaka Takeuchi

Takeuchi holds an MBA and PhD from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley, and BA from International Christian University. He co-authored "Can Japan Compete?" with Michael Porter and has been described by "BusinessWeek" as one of the Top 10 “management school professors for inhouse corporate education programs” in the world. He has worked in the industry as a management consultant at McKinsey & Company and in advertising at McCann Erickson in Tokyo and San Francisco. He was a visiting professor at Harvard Business School in 1989 and 1990.
Takeuchi co-wrote several noteworthy articles on management of tacit knowledge with Ikujiro Nonaka including the Nonaka-Takeuchi model of accumulation of tacit knowledge and he also authored ‘Managing Competitiveness’, a call on Japanese firms to rebuild its business environment with a relentless focus on globalization. Later he appeared on the panel, in a BBC debate, entitled "Avoiding the Double Dip" from the World Economic Forum in Davos, in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9769700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769700" title="Fritz Novotny">
Fritz Novotny

Fritz Novotny (born 10 February 1903, Vienna; died 16 April 1983, Vienna), was an Austrian art historian. He is considered a member of the Vienna School of Art History.
Biography.
Novotny studied art history at the University of Vienna under Josef Strzygowski, and wrote his dissertation on the Romanesque architectural sculpture in the apse of the Pfarrkirche in Schöngrabern, in Lower Austria. Beginning in 1927 he worked as an assistant at Strzygowski's institute. In 1937 he received his habilitation with a study of "Cézanne und das Ende der wissenschaftlichen Perspektive" ("Cézanne and the end of scientific perspective"), which became a standard study of the French painter and established Novotny as an internationally recognized expert on his work. As a result of this book, Novotny made the acquaintance of the painter Gerhart Frankl, whose own work was stylistically influenced by Cézanne, but had also struggled with his French forebearer through his statements on the theory of art. A lifelong friendship between Novotny and Frankl developed out of this initially professional conversation, and the two maintained an extensive correspondence. When Frankl had to flee to England in 1938, he attempted to also bring Novotny out of Austria, which in the meantime had been annexed to Nazi Germany. However, Novotny did not wish to leave his aged mother and his ill sister behind, and so he decided to remain in Vienna. Despite his uncompromising anti-fascist attitude, in 1939 Novotny received a position at the Österreichische Galerie in Schloss Belvedere, where he served as interim director for two years immediately after the end of the war. From 1960 until 1968 he served again as director of the Galerie, where he mounted a series of well-attended exhibitions that introduced the population of Vienna to the great masters of modern painting. From 1948, Novotny taught at the University of Vienna as a Professor "extraordinarius". On the occasion of his retirement in 1978, he was honored with the title of Professor "ordinarius". As a board member of the Adalbert Stifter Society, Novotny occupied himself with the artistic works of the Austrian poet, and founded a small museum, which today forms a part of the Vienna Museum (the municipal museum of the city of Vienna).
Novotny's study of Cézanne has been described as "the most disciplined exercise in the formal-analytic method" that was associated with the Vienna School of Art History in the mid-20th century. In the English-speaking world, Novotny is best known for his volume on 19th-century art, published as part of the "Pelican History of Art".
Sources.
This entry is substantially based on the equivalent entry in the German Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="9769705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769705" title="Ontario Highway 811">
Ontario Highway 811

Tertiary Highway 811, commonly referred to as Highway 811, is the longest of Ontario's tertiary highways, and the highest posted route number in the province. The route encounters no named roads along its route, aside from its eastern terminus at Secondary Highway 527. It extends westward into the wilderness, ending at a bridge over the Weaver River. The route was designated in 1976 with the intention of extending it further west, but this extension has yet to be constructed.
Route description.
Branching off from Secondary Highway 527, roughly halfway between Thunder Bay and Armstrong, Highway 811 is Ontario's highest numbered route, but also one of its most remote. Aside from its beginning, the highway connects with no named roads along its length. The route begins approximately midway along Highway 527, north of Ontario Highway 17 and south of Armstrong,
It zig-zags northwestward for towards Savant Lake, although as of 2011 the road reaches less than halfway there. It crosses several small rivers as it travels through the Boreal Forest before ending at a bridge over the Weaver River, south of Obonga-Ottertooth Provincial Park.
The road is gravel for its entire length. There are no communities along Highway 811; it is almost exclusively used for wilderness travel or forest operations.
History.
As part of the 1974 Ontario Highway Capital Construction Program, the Ministry of Transportation and Communications studied the potential benefit of a road connecting Highway 527 southwest of Lake Nipigon with Highway 599 near Savant Lake. A forest road that branched off from Highway 527 was assumed as Highway 811 in 1976. However, the planned connection to Highway 599 has yet to occur, and an gap separates Savant Lake from the Weaver River.
Despite no connection materializing over the past 35 years, and no plans to construct that connection presently, Highway 811 remains a signed and maintained provincial highway.

</doc>
<doc id="9769709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769709" title="Peter Durack">
Peter Durack

Peter Drew Durack, QC (20 October 1926 – 13 July 2008) was an Australian politician, representing the Liberal Party. He rose to become Attorney-General of Australia.
He served in the Senate from 1 July 1970 to 30 June 1993. From 1987 to 1989, he was a joint Father of the Senate along with Arthur Gietzelt, and from 1989 until his retirement, he alone held this title.
Biography.
Durack was educated at Aquinas College and the University of Western Australia. He was the state's 1949 Rhodes Scholar and studied law at Lincoln College, Oxford, where he later taught. From 1956 he worked as a barrister in Perth and in 1965 was elected into the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the Member for Perth, a seat he held until 1968. He moved to federal politics by winning one of the Senate seats in the 1970 Senate election, taking office on 1 July 1971.
He was Minister for Repatriation in the Fraser government from July to October 1976, when the title of the portfolio was changed to Minister for Veterans' Affairs. In 1977 he was appointed Attorney-General, serving in that office until the Fraser government's defeat in 1983. During this time he was responsible for the passage of the Freedom of Information Act 1982; he had introduced a private member's bill on the same subject in 1972.
He was deputy Leader of the Opposition in the Senate from 1983–87 and 1990–92.
In 1992 he failed to win preselection by his party for a further term, and his political career ended in June 1993.
He died in Perth on 13 July 2008.
Publications.
Durack wrote several books, dealing with legal issues and the Mabo court case, with which he was involved during his time as Attorney General.
Family.
Durack was a grandson of Kimberley pioneer Jeremiah Durack, who was an uncle of Michael Patrick Durack (1865–1950). He was therefore a cousin of authors Mary and Elizabeth Durack.
Durack was married to Isabel, with whom he had daughter Anne and son Philip.

</doc>
<doc id="9769712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769712" title="Heidelberger Bergbahn">
Heidelberger Bergbahn

The Heidelberger Bergbahn, or Heidelberg Mountain Railway, is a two section funicular railway in the city of Heidelberg, Germany. The first section runs from a lower station at Kornmarkt in Heidelberg's Altstadt, via an intermediate station at Heidelberg Castle, to an upper station at Molkenkur. Here passengers may change to the second section, which runs to the Königstuhl, a nearby mountain with good views over the city and the River Neckar.
The upper and lower sections of the funicular have different histories and are sometimes referred to separately by the names Königstuhlbahn and Molkenkurbahn respectively. These two sections present quite different appearances, with the upper section using wooden bodied cars of historic appearance, whilst the lower section uses modern style cars. Similarly the upper stations at Molkenkur and Königstuhl are to the original design, whilst those further down the hill at Kornmakt and Heidelberg Castle present a more modern image.
The Heidelberger Bergbahn is operated by the Heidelberger Straßen- und Bergbahn AG (HSB), the operator of Heidelberg's tram and bus system, although the funicular predominantly serves tourist traffic. The lower section runs every 10 minutes throughout the day, whilst the connecting upper section runs every 20 minutes throughout the day. The services start and end at times that vary from summer to winter.
Lower section.
The lower section of the funicular (the "Molkenkurbahn") opened in 1890, and its original form used the water ballast system of propulsion, similar to that still used by the Nerobergbahn in Wiesbaden. The line was rebuilt to use a conventional electric drive in 1907. Between 1961 and 1962 the section was rebuilt and new cars provided in order to handle the volume of traffic to Heidelberg Castle; at this time new stations were built at Kornmarkt and Heidelberg Castle. The section was closed between October 2003 and March 2005; during the closure period the existing cars were scrapped and replaced by new and larger cars to a modern design, and Kornmarkt and Heidelberg Castle stations were again rebuilt.
The section has the following technical parameters:
Upper section.
The upper section of the funicular (the "Königstuhlbahn") opened in 1907, and used a conventional electric drive from the start. It continued to run in its original form until April 2003, when changes to safety regulations forced it to shut down. The section reopened in March 2005; during the closure period the existing cars were rebuilt and provided with new wooden bodies to the original design.
The section has the following technical parameters:
References.
Specific
General

</doc>
<doc id="9769719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769719" title="Charlotte Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Charlotte Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Charlotte Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 136 and it contained 67 housing units. Charlotte Township formed from Saunemin Township sometime in 1865.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.87%) is land and (or 0.13%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769721" title="Estelle Roberts">
Estelle Roberts

Estelle Roberts (10 May 1889 - May 1970) was a British Spiritualist medium.
Biography.
She is regarded by the British Spiritualist Movement as one of its finest exponents of mediumship in the 20th Century but skeptics have not been convinced by her alleged powers. She claimed both physical and mental mediumship, and the teachings of her guide, a native American Indian, known as Red Cloud, have been published. She toured the UK giving mediumship demonstrations for money. On 13 July 1930 Eight thousand people attended the Albert Hall for Arthur Conan Doyle's memorial service. Roberts claimed to witness Doyle's spirit in a chair.
Roberts wrote the book "Forty Years a Medium" (1960). The book was described in a review as non-scientific and was questioned how anyone apart from the author could take it seriously. The spirit guide of Roberts known as Red Cloud made false predictions. He predicted that World War II was not going to break out and that there was going to be peace. Roberts refused for her mediumship to be tested or observed by any scientist or psychical researcher. The Society for Psychical Research offered to test her abilities but she declined to be tested.
Roberts claimed to materialize an Indian spirit guide called "Red Cloud". Researcher Melvin Harris who examined some photographs of Red Cloud wrote the face was the same as Roberts and she had dressed up in a feathered war-bonnet.

</doc>
<doc id="9769737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769737" title="Henry Edward Clarke">
Henry Edward Clarke

Henry Edward Clarke (March 20, 1829 – March 25, 1892) was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Toronto West from 1883 to 1886 and Toronto from 1886 to 1892 in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative.
He was born in Trois-Rivières, Quebec in 1829, the son of Irish immigrants. After completing his schooling, he apprenticed as a saddle and trunk maker in Montreal. In 1848, he moved to Bytown where he opened a saddlery shop. In 1853, he returned to Montreal; the following year, he opened a branch store in Toronto for a Montreal merchant and bought the operation himself in the following year. In 1856, he married Ann Kennedy. Clarke served on Toronto city council for several years before entering provincial politics.
Clarke died suddenly in 1892 while speaking in the assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="9769739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769739" title="Chatsworth Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Chatsworth Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Chatsworth Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,366 and it contained 639 housing units.
History.
Chatsworth Township changed its name from Olivers Grove Township on October 11, 1859.
Chatsworth Township was named after the Chatsworth House, the country home of the Duke of Devonshire, England.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769745" title="Steppenwolf (Peter Maffay album)">
Steppenwolf (Peter Maffay album)

Steppenwolf is an album of rock music produced and played by Peter Maffay, which was recorded in Germany and went on sale in 1979. It contains parts of his early work, and some of the music he recorded and played with peace activists / singers such as Donovan.
Album information.
Release Label - Ariola
Album Number - 623777BL

</doc>
<doc id="9769753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769753" title="Dwight Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Dwight Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Dwight Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,494 and it contained 1,961 housing units.
History.
Dwight Township was named for Henry A. Dwight, Jr., as was the village of Dwight, Illinois.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.89%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769761" title="Peter Smedley">
Peter Smedley

Peter Smedley is an Australian businessman and Chairman of Onesteel Limited and Spotless Group Limited.
Overview.
Smedley spent much of his early career in the resources industry. He spent over 30 years working for Shell in Australia and around the world, gaining experience in energy and resource industries. He held a number of senior positions including Executive Director of Downstream Oil and Chemicals from 1990 to 1992 and Executive Director of Coal and Metals for Shell Australia Limited from 1986 to 1990 and Area Co-ordinator Central America, Caribbean and South America for Shell International from 1982 to 1986.
From 1992 to 2000 he was Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Colonial Group Limited. Colonial was demutualised and listed on the ASX under his leadership. Colonial grew quickly in this period and was ultimately acquired by CBA in 2000.
From 2000 to 2002 he was Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Mayne Group Limited. Originally a transport business, Mayne diversified into health, pharmaceuticals and other industries. While at Mayne, and against long-standing practice in Australian hospitals, Smedley undertook a ruthless campaign of cost cutting which included the centralisation of the group's hospital management. This resulted in an alienation of the hospitals' primary customers, their specialist doctors, who then referred their patients to other health care providers. The resultant heavy loss of income was a significant factor in Mayne's failure as a hospital provider. Smedley has not had an executive role since this time.
He had a long association with CARE Australia, establishing its Business Council and serving as its Chairman. He subsequently joined the Care Australia Board in 2000 and retired as its Chairman in November 2009.
Smedley also served as a Director with the Australian Mining Industry Council, the Australian Mining Industrial Research Association, Lloyds Register of Shipping, the Alumina Development Council, the Life Insurance Federation of Australia, and the Australian Banker's Association. He is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
Smedley has been involved in not-for-profit organizations in the area of mental health. He is a member of the board of the Haven Foundation, an organization providing housing for the mentally ill, and is chair of the board of Orygen Youth Health Research Centre, an organization working in youth-oriented preventative psychiatry.
Early years.
Smedley was born on 2 January 1943 in Perth, Western Australia where he completed his secondary education at the Christian Brothers' Aquinas College.
He attended the Royal Military College for a limited time.
He studied for a Bachelor of Commerce at the University of Western Australia, later completing an MBA at the University of Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="9769770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769770" title="Eppards Point Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Eppards Point Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Eppards Point Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 427 and it contained 139 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.07%) is land and (or 0.93%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769780" title="Ted Malmros">
Ted Malmros

Ted Malmros is a Swedish music video director and musician. He is the bassist for Swedish indie pop group Shout Out Louds, and also contributes backing vocals and percussion. Malmros, along with his brother Tom Malmros, has directed all of Shout Out Louds' music videos to date, and has also directed videos for fellow Swedish artists, including Dag för Dag and Lykke Li. He is best known for his video for Peter Bjorn and John's "Young Folks", for which he won a Grammis.

</doc>
<doc id="9769784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769784" title="Esmen Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Esmen Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Esmen Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 326 and it contained 141 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9769786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769786" title="Anglesboro">
Anglesboro

Anglesboro or Anglesborough (, historically anglicized as "Gleanagruer") is a small village at the foot of the Galtee Mountains, in south-east County Limerick, Ireland. The nearest town is Mitchelstown in County Cork approximately 12 kilometres away.
It is a small community with one shop, a National school,a Catholic church and a community hall to service the local population. It is situated in a primarily agricultural area.
Notable people.
Liam Lynch (1893-1923)- Irish Republican and military leader.<br>
Lynch was Chief of Staff of the Irish Republican Army between March 1922-April 1923. He was born at Barnagurraha and went to school at Anglesboro National School. As a leading military commander in the War of Independence, he opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty on the grounds that it dis-established the Irish Republic proclaimed in 1916 and he assumed the position of Chief-of-Staff of the anti-treaty IRA called the "Irregulars". He was killed in a skirmish with Free State forces on the Knockmealdown Mountains in County Tipperary on 10 April 1923. His death was seen by many as the event which ended the civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="9769790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769790" title="Taczanowski's tinamou">
Taczanowski's tinamou

The Taczanowski's tinamou ("Nothoprocta taczanowskii") is a type of ground bird found in the eastern Andes in Peru; Junín, Cuzco, Apurímac, Ayacucho, and Puno Regions.
Taxonomy.
This is a monotypic species. All Tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Etymology.
"Nothoprocta" comes from two Greek words, "nothos" meaning spurious or counterfeit and "prōktos" meaning hindpart or tail. Experts are unsure, however, they believe that this refers to the hidden tail of this Genus behind body feathers. Also, taczanowskii is the Latin form of Władysław Taczanowski's name, used to commemorate him.
Description.
Taczanowski's tinamou is a dark, and finely-marked tinamou. Its head and neck are grey with blackish crown and face markings with a pale greyish buff throat. Its upper parts are dusky with thin, buff stripes and inconspicuous brown barring with black and buff mottling on its wing-coverts. It has tawny flight feathers, barred blackish. Its breast is grey with buffy spots bordered black. The rest of its under parts are buff, barred dusky with a long, blackish, curved bill. The young are generally richer in brown color. The average size of this tinamou is .
Behavior.
The species has a loud, cackling cuyy-cuyy voice when flushed. It frequently feeds on tuber crops, especially potatoes. Eggs and chicks have been collected in April and May and October. The male incubates the eggs and raises the chicks. The nest is located on the ground.
Range.
The Taczanowsi's tinamou is found in the eastern Andes, or more precisely, (Cordillera Oriental) in Peru, from Junín to Puno. In Peru, there are records from several sites in Apurímac, Cuzco and Puno, but it has not been recorded in the Chincheros / Pampa Valley area, north-west Apurímac, since 1970. The Cordillera de Huanzo, southern Apurímac, has produced only one specimen (collected in 1977) and those from the northern Kallawaya mountain range, Puno, were taken in 1871. It has been recorded from the Marainiyoc area, Junín, but there have probably not been any surveys since the last records in 1939. The species was recorded for the first time in Bolivia in 1999, when one male was collected and three to four juveniles observed in Apolobamba Integrated Management Natural Area, La Paz.
Habitat.
Taczanowski's tinamou inhabits high altitude grassland and shrubland at altitude . It may also be found at pastureland and arable land.
Conservation.
Taczanowski's tinamou is currently listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN. Their survival is threatened by degrading of its habitats caused by human activities, such as frequent burning of grassland, and cutting, burning and livestock-grazing in high-altitude copses and shrubby patches. The species is also hunted by people for food.
There have been surveys of its high-altitude habitats, and measures have been proposed for their conservation such as regulate the use of fire, reintroduce old high-yielding agricultural techniques, restrict grazing, facilitate low-impact ecotourism and associated trades to generate income for the local people, encourage local people to take a leading role in land-use management and restoration schemes. It was also proposed to make social and political reforms to deal with existing land-right conflicts, and encourage sustainable use on a large-scale. The species has been protected in Ampay Forest National Sanctuary, and in Bolivian Apolobamba Integrated Management Natural Area.
There are less than 10,000 adult birds left in an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9769804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769804" title="Nýřany">
Nýřany

Nýřany (; ; ) is a small town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies west of the regional capital of Plzeň. Nýřany is a Municipality with Extended Competence. As of 3 July 2006, the town had 6994 inhabitants.
History.
The first written note about the village of Nýřany is from 1272. The status of town was given by emperor Franz Joseph I on 29 January 1892. In the 19th century, black coal deposits were discovered and new people arrived in the town. During World War II the town of Nýřany was a part of Sudetenland. Near the end of the war one transport of death was surprised by an airstrike and about hundred of prisoners managed to escape. They were chased by SS-Guards and local Germans and either killed on the spot or executed at the place called Humboldtka.

</doc>
<doc id="9769807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769807" title="Michael Chaney">
Michael Chaney

Michael Alfred Chaney AO (born in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian businessman, and current Chairman of the National Australia Bank Limited, Woodside Petroleum Limited and Gresham Partners Holdings Limited. He is Chancellor of the University of Western Australia, a member of the JPMorgan International Council and a Director of the Centre for Independent Studies.
Son of Sir Fred Chaney, a minister in the Menzies government and brother to Fred Chaney, a former Western Australian Senator, he attended and graduated from Aquinas College, Perth.
Mr Chaney graduated with Bachelor of Science and Master of Business Administration degrees from the University of Western Australia in 1972 and 1980 respectively. He completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 1992 and has also been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from The University of Western Australia.
After obtaining his Science degree, Mr Chaney worked for eight years as a petroleum geologist in Australia and the USA. He joined the Australian Industry Development Corporation in 1980 as a corporate finance executive and became Manager for Western Australia in 1981. He joined Wesfarmers in 1983 as Company Secretary and Administration Manager, became Finance Director in 1984 and was appointed Managing Director in July 1992. He retired from that position in July 2005.
Mr Chaney was a director of BHP Limited and subsequently BHP Billiton Limited from 1995 to 2005.
He is Chairman of the National Australia Bank, and Chancellor of The University of Western Australia.
Mr Chaney was made an Officer in the Order of Australia on 14 June 2004 for service to the business sector through innovative leadership and management strategies, and to the community through involvement with and support for a broad range of artistic, cultural and scientific organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="9769814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769814" title="SS Ukkopekka">
SS Ukkopekka

The SS "Ukkopekka" is a Finnish steamship in service as a tourist and heritage attraction.
History.
The ship was built in Helsinki, Finland in 1938 and was at the time a modern, icebreaking inspection vessel. The vessel was the first inspection vessel in independent Finland, built by the Finns for the National Board of Navigation, and her year of manufacture is the same as that of the icebreaker "Sisu". She was originally known as Inspection vessel SS "Turku" and was built to the hull designs of the SS "Sisu", the only alterations being that of the scale. Thus the SS "Ukkopekka" is probably the last sea-going passenger steamer designed for icebreaking still in active service.
The original engine of the SS "Ukkopekka" was a triple expansion steam engine, built in Helsinki in 1937, and originally designed for warships by the Germans. This engine is probably the last one in active use in the whole world. The engine is in very good condition, as the Finnish state took very good care of it. The boiler was renewed in 1976. The hull is surveyed every two years and it is still in excellent condition—thanks to the high quality steel of 1937.
Soon after she had been built, the SS "Turku" was transferred to military service. The ship served during the Winter War (1939–1940). Despite the extreme conditions of that very harsh winter, the ship was in active service almost without a break. During the Continuation War (1941–1944), the vessel served as a convoy ship in the Åland Sea.
After the war, the vessel returned to her original task, serving the National Board of Navigation (pilotage service) as a maintenance and inspection vessel on the Archipelago Sea. Pilot training was part of the daily routine on board, and so was sea mark maintenance.
In her home port, the lower steamship port of Turku, the coal trimmer soon became the subject of many letters to the editor and received complaints from the residents of apartment houses on the banks of the Aura River, who claimed that the soot from her chimneys made their laundry dirty. As a result, the coal stores were replaced by oil containers in 1976, and the boiler hatches were replaced with oil-driven blowers. The rest of the engine has been preserved unaltered, in its original shape. In fact there are five steam engines altogether: the main engine, winch engine, rudder engine and two water pumps. People interested in steam engines come from all over the world to admire this "museum piece", which still is in excellent condition and in active use, and probably will remain so for decades.
The Finnish state gave up the vessel in 1979, when a new, larger and more modern inspection vessel was built. After some alteration work on deck and inside the vessel, steamship traffic was reintroduced in the Turku region in the spring of 1986. This marked the first return of traditional steaming in the area since the 1950s.
In the winter of 1987–1988, the ship saloons were enlarged and renovated. The kitchen and storage facilities were also renovated to meet modern requirements and service standards.

</doc>
<doc id="9769816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769816" title="Fayette Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Fayette Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Fayette Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 271 and it contained 104 housing units. Fayette Township formed from Belle Prairie Township on February 22, 1870.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.87%) is land and (or 0.13%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769829" title="Forrest Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Forrest Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Forrest Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,605 and it contained 627 housing units. Forrest Township formed from a portion of Chatsworth Township as Forrestville Township in 1861, but then changed its name to just Forrest in 1865.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9769864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769864" title="Germanville Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Germanville Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Germanville Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 67 and it contained 33 housing units. Germanville Township formed as Germantown Township from a portion of Chatsworth Township in September, 1868, but changed its name again on July 22, 1879 to Germanville.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.96%) is land and (or 0.04%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9769883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769883" title="Kimanis">
Kimanis

Kimanis is a fully integrated township and also a parliamentary constituency in the West Coast Division of Sabah, Malaysia. It is located approximately 45 kilometres south of the city of Kota Kinabalu. Kimanis used to be the base for the American company which obtained a lease over North Borneo from the Sultan of Brunei in the late 19th century. It has a minor railway station for the North Borneo Railway.
The national oil and gas company, Petronas is currently building the Sabah Oil and Gas Terminal here and scheduled to be completed in December 2013. There was a proposal to relocate the current Kota Kinabalu International Airport to Kimanis in 2006. However the government finally decided it was economically more feasible to renovate and extend the present airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9769927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769927" title="Mala Época">
Mala Época

Mala época () is a 1998 Argentine drama film. The film was executive produced by Mario Santos.
This dramatic anthology of four episodes represents the collaborative effort of Mariano De Rosa, Rodrigo Moreno, Salvador Roselli, and Nicolás Saad. Each wrote and directed an episode. All are graduates of Argentina's primary film school, the Universidad del Cine, which helped fund the film.
The film offers an unflattering look at Argentine society as it prepares to enter the 21st century.
Plot.
The picture has four vignettes and all of them take place in the late 1990s in Buenos Aires during political elections.
The Wish: centers on a poor boy from the country who finds success in the fast city by participating in one of its many illegal operations.
Life and Works: follows a band of Paraguayan bricklayers as they try to reestablish a sense of cultural pride and community after meeting a woman whom one of them believes is the Virgin Mary.
Hard Times: follows a teenage outcast and his efforts to find romance with an upper-class Buenos Aires girl.
Comrades: the sound recorder of a political campaign finds himself falling for the candidate's girlfriend.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Mar del Plata Film Festival on November 13, 1998. It opened wide in the country on January 1, 1999.
It also competed in the 1998 Torino International Festival of Young Cinema, and was nominated for the Prize of the City of Torino.
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9769937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769937" title="Montemagno">
Montemagno

Montemagno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9769943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769943" title="Horažďovice">
Horažďovice

Horažďovice (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Otava River, some to the South-East from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Horažďovice is also a Municipality with Extended Competence and a Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the same borders.

</doc>
<doc id="9769949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769949" title="David McGowan (rower)">
David McGowan (rower)

David McGowan (born 27 April 1981) is an Australian rower. He represented Australia in the Athens 2004 Summer Olympics in the Rowing coxless 4, finishing 4th.
David was member of the men's 4 who broke the world record in Plovdiv in 1999. In 2006 joined fellow Perth rower and international playboy Jeremy Stevenson in the Australian men's 8 team and won gold in the world cups best time 5.20.2.
Joined the Dutch rowing team in 2007 becoming the youngest coach to win a world championship. In 2008 he took over the failing Dutch Men's 8 and managed to qualify them for the Olympics. He represented Australia at the 2005 IOC sessions in Olympia. In 2000 David was awarded the West Australian youth of the year and was nominated for young Australian of the year.
David has been active in encouraging grass-roots rowing in Western Australia, including co-coaching PSA Rowing events. In 2007, prior to his departure for the Netherlands, he and Gavin Russel co-coached the winning Trinity College crew in the 2007 Head of the River.
References.
http://www.childrenandyouth.wa.gov.au/template.asp?CID=97

</doc>
<doc id="9769950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769950" title="600 nanometer">
600 nanometer

The 600 nanometer (600 nm) process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached in the 1994–1995 timeframe, by most leading semiconductor companies, like Intel and IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9769953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769953" title="Lewis Lavenu">
Lewis Lavenu

Lewis Augustus Lavenu (c.1767-17 August 1818) was a musician, music seller and publisher.
He was the second son of John Lavenu, pastry chef to Stephen Fox, Lord Holland (brother of Charles James Fox). His father had opened a coffee house and tavern in Salisbury where he took over the assembly rooms and held concerts for the local gentry and middle classes. Beginning as a violinist in the Covent Garden opera, Lavenu set up his "New Musical Warehouse" at 23, Duke Street, St. James, Piccadilly in 1795. Around 1802 he went into partnership with the printer Charles Mitchell forming Lavenu & Mitchell and in 1805 moved their business to New Bond Street. The partnership with Mitchell ended in 1806, and Lavenu built up a successful business attaining a Royal Warrant as music seller to the Prince Regent (later George IV) by his death on 17 August 1818. Lavenu had married Elizabeth Mackenzie of Greenwich on 3 March 1793 at St George Hanover Square, Westminster. She died on 16 January 1814 and Lavenu married for a second time a woman named Eliza, the mother of his son Lewis Henry Lavenu. The business was further built upon by Eliza who went into partnership with the Anglo-Italian violinist Nicolas Mori. The business was moved to 24, Edward Street, Manchester Square in 1820, the Bond Street premises then being occupied by William Mitchell, the son of Charles Mitchell who had originally been in partnership with Lavenu. The business returned to the New Bond Street premises in 1828 after Mori and Lavenu's marriage on 24 January 1826 at St. Paul's, Covent Garden as "Mori & Lavenu" and continued there until it was sold in the 1840s by Eliza's son Lewis Henry Lavenu. His granddaughter Ethel Lavenu was the mother of the actor Tyrone Power, Sr. and grandmother of the Hollywood star of the 1930s-1950s, Tyrone Power.

</doc>
<doc id="9769956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769956" title="Elizabeth Borough, New Jersey">
Elizabeth Borough, New Jersey

Elizabeth Borough was a borough that existed in Essex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, from 1740 until 1855.
Elizabeth was established as a borough by Royal Charter on February 8, 1740, and was rechartered by the New Jersey Legislature on November 28, 1789.
Portions of the borough were taken to form Union Township (November 23, 1808) and Clinton Township (April 14, 1834).
On March 13, 1855, the City of Elizabeth was created, combining and replacing both Elizabeth borough and Elizabeth Township. With the creation of the City of Elizabeth, Elizabeth Township was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9769960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769960" title="Alexander Lauder of Blyth">
Alexander Lauder of Blyth

Sir Alexander Lauder of Blyth, Knt. (died 9 September 1513) was Provost of Edinburgh almost continually from 1500 to 1513. He was Commissioner to the Scottish Parliament, 1504–06, and an Auditor of the Exchequer in Scotland. He appears to have been on terms of intimacy with the King, James IV, with whom he played cards and to whom he occasionally lent money. "He led the men of Edinburgh to join the King's host" at the battle of Flodden, and fell there.
Family.
He was the second son of at least four of Sir Alexander Lauder of Haltoun, Knt., who died at Haltoun House, Ratho, Midlothian in July 1507. The "Exchequer Rolls" mention this Alexander Lauder, Burgess of Edinburgh, with his elder brother Sir George Lauder of Whitslaid, as 'senescallos', or stewards, of Kirkcudbrightshire, 'in their part'.
Burgess & Provost of Edinburgh.
On 7 January 1498/9, Alexander Lauder, Burgess of Edinburgh, was one of the witnesses to an Instrument of Resignation by Patrick Hepburn, 1st Earl of Bothwell. Others included Robert, Archbishop of Glasgow, George Hepburn, Provost of Lincluden, William Borthwick, Rector of Whitsome, and Adam Hepburn, burgess of Edinburgh.
Described as son of Sir Alexander Lauder of Hatton , he was granted, as Alexander Lauder, Burgess of Edinburgh, a Letter under The Privy Seal of Scotland on 18 January 1500, of "the custumyre of Edinburgh" including wool, skins, hides, cloth "and all maner of merchandis", for his lifetime.
Whitson states that this Sir Alexander Lauder was Provost from April 1500 till October, or possibly Michaelmas, 1501. He again held that office from Michaelmas 1502 till 1504, and from 1505 to 1513. He is noted also as holding concurrently the office of Justice-Depute with the provostship in 1508 and 1512, if not consecutively. George Touris of Inverleith was appointed caretaker Provost on 19 August 1513, when Lauder left for Flodden.
Landed proprietor.
He acquired considerable lands. In 1506 he had a charter under the "Great Seal of Scotland" confirming to him certain lands of Norton in the barony of Ratho, the lands of Brownisfield in the Burgh Muir of Edinburgh, and the lands of Redheuchis in the barony of Colinton.
"The Privy Seal" records on 19 September 1508, at Edinburgh, "A Lettre maid to Alexander Lauder, provost of Edinburgh, his ayris and assignais: That forsamekly as all and hail the landis of Thirlstane Manys, Ernyscluch, Egrop, Wyndpark, the Heuch, Blyth, Tullois and Simprin, liand in the lordschip of Lauderdale within the schirefdome of Beruik," which had pertained to William Maitland of Lethington, which by the Lords of Council's decree had returned to the King's hands and his father's in non-entry for the space of over thirty years past, in default of entry fees etc being paid; and for the good and thankful service done to His Highness by Alexander Lauder and for other reasonable considerations moving His Grace, he gives, grants and assigns to the said Alexander, his heirs and assignees, all males, all the above lands and fermes, profits etc. etc., to be held of His Highness by charter in due form etc., whereafter he assumed the territorial designation "of Blyth".
Knight & Justice-depute.
Alexander Lauder of Blyth, Provost of Edinburgh, was knighted before 11 October 1510, when he was described as such, and on which date he endowed a chaplainry in the church of St. Giles. He is on record as an Auditor of the Exchequer in Scotland in 1512.
Pitcairn notes that "Alexander Lauder of Blyth, knight, Provost of Edinburgh and 'Justiciarius deputatis'" signed a verdict at a murder trial on 31 September 1512.
Marriage & death.
He married before December 1506 Janet (d. between 1533 - Oct.1534), daughter and heiress of John Paterson, Burgess of Edinburgh.
The death of Sir Alexander Lauder, Provost of Edinburgh, "slain at Flodden" is recorded in "The Exchequer Rolls". As he was a Custumar of Edinburgh, his "relict" Janet Paterson, was, with Margaret Crichton, relict of the other Custumar George Halkerston, allowed the honour of signing off the city's returns to the Exchequer for 1513-1514.

</doc>
<doc id="9769965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769965" title="Telipok">
Telipok

Telipok is a town located about 15 kilometres north of Kota Kinabalu, in Sabah, Malaysia. The town is within the administration of Kota Kinabalu City Hall and is a sub-district of the city. It is also part of the urban expanse of Kota Kinabalu or part of its metropolitan area. It is situated nearby Kota Kinabalu Industrial Park, and is within 5 kilometres of the towns of Menggatal, Sepanggar, and Tuaran.

</doc>
<doc id="9769970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769970" title="Billy Jack Goes to Washington">
Billy Jack Goes to Washington

Billy Jack Goes to Washington is a 1977 film starring Tom Laughlin, the fourth film in the "Billy Jack" series, and although the earlier films saw enormous success, this film did not. The film only had limited screenings upon its release and never saw a general theatrical release, but has since become widely available on DVD. The film is a loose remake of the 1939 Frank Capra film "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington".
Plot.
Billy Jack (Tom Laughlin) is appointed a United States Senator to fill out the remaining term of another Senator. It is hoped that he will quietly vote the party line, but his term in the Senate runs into trouble when he proposes a bill to fund a national youth camp which happens to be on the property where a nuclear power plant is also being proposed. His fellow Senator Joseph Paine (E. G. Marshall) claims to oppose nuclear power but is secretly taking graft to influence his votes in favor, and moves to try to keep Billy Jack out of the way when the bill is being debated.
Seeking to keep Billy out of the Senate on a day when a controversial energy bill is being voted on, Senator Paine suggests he meet with a grassroots group that day instead. The group is working to pass a national initiative and Billy Jack becomes convinced of their cause.
Billy is invited to meet with a group of lobbyists attempting to offer him bribes and other perks if he will vote their way. Up against a man named Bailey (Sam Wanamaker) who wields a powerful influence in his home state, Billy Jack has his political career and reputation at stake if he doesn't cooperate. Billy responds with anger at their threat. 
The next day in the Senate, he tries to speak on the floor in opposition to the nuclear power plant. Paine responds by proposing to expel Billy from the Senate as unfit for office. Billy's assistant quits after the murder of a lobbyist, fearing for her own safety, but returns later in the film after Billy Jack is about to be expelled from the Senate, to help him learn Senate procedure in order to filibuster. Billy collapses on the Senate floor in the effort, whereupon Paine confesses to his colleagues that every word Billy spoke was the truth.
Production.
As with the two previous films in the series, Laughlin's wife Delores Taylor and daughter Teresa Laughlin reprise their former roles. Julie Webb and several other supporting actors from "Billy Jack" and "The Trial of Billy Jack" return as well. Author and political journalist Joe Klein appears briefly as a reporter in the opening scene. (Klein became friends with Laughlin after interviewing him for "Rolling Stone" in 1975.)
A new version of the song "One Tin Soldier" (the original theme for "Billy Jack") sung by Teresa Laughlin is played over the closing credits.
Scenes featuring Suzanne Somers and William Wellman Jr. were cut from the DVD release, which is missing 40 minutes. Wellman's cut scenes had him reprising the national guardsman he played in The Trial of Billy Jack, who was now on the board of the Freedom School's directors.
The unfinished sequel to this movie is The Return of Billy Jack (1985/86).

</doc>
<doc id="9769974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769974" title="350 nanometer">
350 nanometer

The 350 nanometer (350 nm) process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached in the 1995–1996 timeframe, by most leading semiconductor companies, like Intel and IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9769975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769975" title="Transitional Rainfall Zone">
Transitional Rainfall Zone

The Transitional Rainfall Zone (TRZ) is one of three biogeographic zones into which south-west Western Australia is divided, the others being the High Rainfall Zone and the Low Rainfall Zone. The TRZ is recognised as having a much higher diversity of rare and endemic plant species than the other Zones.
The Zones were first defined by Stephen Hopper in his 1979 paper "Biogeographical aspects of speciation in the southwest Australian flora". Initially, they were defined in terms of rainfall, with the TRZ being that part of the South West with annual rainfall of between 300 and 800 millimetres (12–31 in). However, following the publication of John Stanley Beard's phytogeographic regionalisation of Western Australia in 1980, it was recognised that Hopper's zones could be defined as aggregates of Beard's botanic districts. The Transitional Rainfall Zone was subsequently re-defined as equivalent to Beard's "Roe", "Avon" and "Irwin Botanical District"s, later renamed "Northern Sandplains Region", "Wheat Belt Region" and "Mallee Region" respectively. When the Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia (IBRA) was published in the 1990s, Beard's regionalisation was adopted as the baseline for Western Australia. All three of the TRZ regions were accepted as IBRA regions, albeit with slightly different titles. Thus the TRZ is now defined as the aggregate of the Geraldton Sandplains, Avon Wheatbelt and Mallee IBRA regions.
The TRZ is widely recognised as having very high species diversity and endemism compared to the other zones. Some botanists have claimed that this is due to the species richness of the near-coastal heathlands at the north-western and south-eastern extremes of the zone, suggesting that the intervening Wheatbelt region is relatively species poor. Other botanists have refuted this, however, claiming that the entire TRZ is species rich compared to the other zones.

</doc>
<doc id="9769991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9769991" title="Doncaster Business School">
Doncaster Business School

Doncaster Business School is the international business school of Doncaster College, England. Established in 1992, as Dearne Valley Business School, the school offers postgraduate business degrees in management, including MBAs and professional qualifications (CIPD, CIM, CMI, ILM) as well as undergraduate teaching.
High Melton.
The school is situated in High Melton within the University Centre (validated by the University of Hull and the University of Wales). Site facilities include a nine hole golf course, learning resource centre and restaurant. High Melton is a small village, dominated by its church and nearby Hall. From the late seventeenth century, the Hall was owned by the Fountayne family and its descendants, the Wilson family, which changed its name to Montagu following an inheritance. The family were major landowners. In 1883, Andrew Montagu was the owner of over of land in five counties. The Hall is now one of the main buildings on the High Melton campus.
CoVE.
The school was awarded the status of Centre of Vocational Excellence by the Learning Skills Council (LSC) in 2003. It has 500 students on undergraduate, postgraduate and professional programmes, and offers a general MBA. Part-time and flexible modes of study are available.
Qualifications.
Employees of BAE Systems, Marconi, Barnsley MBC, Royal Mail, Ivensys, Mitie, Bridon, Avesta Sheffield, AXA Insurance, Haslam Homes and the Home Office have studied at the school. The average age on the part-time MBA is 37. Male to female ratio for full-time and part-time is about 60:40.
The school offers courses and seminars in entrepreneurship and innovation management via the Innovation Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="9770008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770008" title="Weston, Sabah">
Weston, Sabah

Weston is a town on the west coast of the state of Sabah in Malaysia. It is located in the Interior Division of Sabah, and is about 100 kilometres south of Sabah's capital Kota Kinabalu. Weston is one of the towns along the Pan Borneo Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="9770031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770031" title="Lee Blackett">
Lee Blackett

Lee Blackett (born 21 November 1982 in Chester, Cheshire) is an English rugby union footballer for Leeds Carnegie. His usual position is at wing or centre. He went to school at King Edward VII and Queen Mary School in Lytham, and played some of his earlier rugby at Fylde Rugby Club.
Background.
The Tykes initially signed Blackett, a former Rotherham Titans captain, in February 2006 on loan, with prop James Isaacson going the other way. He made his debut for the Tykes against Leicester Tigers on 10 March 2006 in the 2005-06 Guinness Premiership and he made a further 2 appearances that season. He is a popular player and has many nicknames. These are generally based around his uncanny resemblance to famous figures; namely Leo Cullen of Leinster and Ireland, Ian Dowie (retired footballer) and most notably, Earthworm Jim.
A product of the Rotherham Titans Academy, Blackett was one of the Titans more consistent players after breaking through to the first XV, going onto make 50 appearances for the club and later being honoured with the role of captain at just the age of 23. Blackett gained representative honours with the England Counties XV and was part of the squad that went on tour to South America. He spent four seasons with the Titans, gaining some Premiership experience with the side in 2004 when he made his full senior debut against Bath. 
Blackett went onto make a handful of appearances before the side were eventually relegated. In the National Division One he established himself as the first choice No. 12 and in the 2004–05 campaign was an almost ever present making 24 appearances for the side and scoring five tries, two of these coming against Plymouth Albion in Rotherham’s 24–18 league victory. 
Blackett has plenty of experience playing in the National Division One and whilst with Rotherham was regarded as one of the division's top players, with a strong reputation as a reliable defender. Despite only joining the Tykes until the end of the 2005–06 season, Blackett was one of the few players who committed their future to the club at the end of the season; which ended in relegation.
Blackett attended and represented Sheffield Hallam University's 1st XV in rugby union where he played alongside Sean Lamont & David Strettle.
On 21 March 2008, Blackett scored the Guinness Premiership's fastest ever try against Newcastle Falcons in the 2007-08 Guinness Premiership, crossing the try line after just 8.2 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="9770047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770047" title="Bongawan">
Bongawan

Bongawan is a town in the state of Sabah in Malaysia. The main town is 2 miles inland from the South China Sea, located in the West Coast Division and is approximately 60 kilometres south of Kota Kinabalu, the state capital, situated on the main A2 highway. Bongawan is situated within the parliamentary constituency of Kimanis. It is one of the major stops for the North Borneo Railway. 
The name "Bongawan" is local parlance for 'bangau' (egrets), a common sight at the paddy fields surrounding the hamlet.
The town's main claim to fame are its two blocks of old wooden shophouses, which date from 1939. Architecturally-similar shophouses existed all over Sabah in the pre-World War II era. However, after all the major towns suffered heavy Japanese and Allied bombing in the war, most of these were completely destroyed and the shophouses in Bongawan have become a rare remnant of the pre-war era in this part of Sabah. Most of the current shops are operated by the Chinese minority, which comprise mainly of Hakkas and Hokkiens.
To the north of the town running down to the coast is the Borneo Golf and Country Club an 18-hole golf course, designed by Jack Nicklaus. The course plays 6546 metres off the championship tees and is spread over 200 acres on a 900-acre site. 

</doc>
<doc id="9770050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770050" title="Stephanie Daley">
Stephanie Daley

Stephanie Daley — retitled What She Knew for US television — is a 2006 film starring Amber Tamblyn, Melissa Leo, Tilda Swinton and Timothy Hutton. The film, which received a limited release in North America on April 20, 2007, focuses on the issue of teenage pregnancy. "Stephanie Daley" was developed at the Sundance Writers' and Filmmakers' Lab, and premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Waldo Salt Screenwriting Award. The film also earned Tamblyn a nomination for best supporting female at the 2006 Independent Spirit Awards and the Leopard prize for best actress at the 2006 Locarno film festival.
Plot Summary.
Sixteen-year-old Stephanie Daley collapses in a pool of blood while on a school skiing trip. A doctor discovers that in the blood is afterbirth. Soon afterward, the body of a newborn baby girl is found in a toilet, its mouth blocked with toilet paper. Despite Stephanie's insistence that her child was stillborn and that she had no idea that she was pregnant, she is arrested for the murder of the child and becomes known as the Ski-Mom.
Awaiting trial, Stephanie is interviewed by a forensic psychologist, Lydie Crane, who is also approximately 30 weeks pregnant with a son. Lydie is hired by the Prosecution to make an independent evaluation of Stephanie. When Lydie first meets the Daley family, Stephanie's mother is quick to stipulate that Stephanie will not accept a plea bargain. Lydie is eager to get to know Stephanie.
She suspects her husband is having an affair after finding an earring that doesn't belong to her in their home; their marriage has been on the rocks since she gave birth to a stillborn child three months before she conceived the child she is now pregnant with. As Stephanie discusses her sexual history and her relationship with her parents and her child, Lydie is forced to face her hitherto buried emotions about her own child.
Through her interviews with Lydie, Stephanie talks about the father of her baby, Cory, a boy she met at party and then slept with and never saw again because he enlisted in the Marines. When Lydie asks Stephanie if she knew she was pregnant; Stephanie avoids the questions and claims she was being "punished" by God because she was "weak", and that the pregnancy was a "test". Visibly annoyed at this, Lydie reveals to Stephanie that she had a baby girl a year before who had been stillborn, and asks Stephanie what she thinks Lydie was being punished for. Stephanie replies "you tell me." 
The truth is told through flashbacks, when Stephanie is on the ski trip at her school, (none of her friends know of her pregnancy; and she doesn't reveal it to anyone) she begins to go into labour and makes it to the bathroom; where she quietly but painfully delivers the child on her own, and it is revealed through Lydie's explanation that the baby fell into the leg of Stephanie's ski pants. Stephanie says she wrapped the baby in toilet paper and left it there; but still maintains she was dead. 
Meanwhile, Lydie confronts her husband about the affair; and he claims he has not slept with anyone; but has indeed thought about it. He also blames the problems in their marriage on Lydie having not properly grieved for their stillborn daughter (she confides in a friend that when their stillborn daughter was cremated, in a fit of anger during an argument with her husband on the drive home, Lydie opened the window and just tossed the ashes out) and that she does not truly want the baby she is carrying. Lydie screams in his face that she does want the child. 
Soon before her trial, Stephanie is getting a glass of water and a car drives by her house with drunk young men in it who scream out "be the mother of my baby!" and drive off laughing, Stephanie having gained notoriety as being the Ski-Mom. This event makes Stephanie break the glass in her hand and cut her palm; severely upsetting her mother. 
Before the trial begins, Stephanie returns to Lydie and says she is going to accept a plea bargain. Lydie states that she thinks this is a good idea and reaches out to shake Stephanie's hand when she notices the cut and asks what happened. Stephanie then tearfully admits the truth to Lydie, that her baby girl was alive when she delivered her, but was so small, and "her breathing was all wrong", and so in her mind she told her child to die; and she did. And Stephanie believes she did kill her baby with her mind. Lydie hugs Stephanie, and thanks her.
The DVD release contains a "Making of" featurette; the writer-director expresses her satisfaction with the open-ended portrayal and ending, so that the viewers can bring their own interpretation to the material, and be left pondering afterwards. The official website tagline is "The Truth is what we believe."[http://www.stephaniedaley-themovie.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="9770079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770079" title="Aardwolf (disambiguation)">
Aardwolf (disambiguation)

The Aardwolf is a mammal in the hyena family. The term can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9770094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770094" title="Skippy">
Skippy

Skippy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9770095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770095" title="Rewired – The Electric Collection">
Rewired – The Electric Collection


</doc>
<doc id="9770166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770166" title="Kondrapole">
Kondrapole

Kondrapole (population: approx. 5,000) is a village in India near Miryalaguda (Town), Damaracherla (Mandal), Nalgonda district, Telangana. In this village people speak mostly Telugu.
Kondrapole village is a multi-cultured place and it is surrounded by lots of THANDAs. Highest schooling available in the village is 10th standard. Children from adjacent villages and Thandas come here for studies. Students who have done their schooling from here have gone to IITs for Post Graduation and some of others have gone even to foreign countries and settled well there. Nowadays families migrating to nearby town (Miryalaguda) or to Hyderabad. There is a small lake in the village with beautiful nature across. Normally Lake take by Fish Contractors for their Fish forms. Every year during summer Contractors export Fish to different cities. Recently constructed one Shiva temple near place called "Kaanasulu".
Houses in the village formed into groups based on the Caste-system. People from one caste do not go to other caste people's houses very often. Kondrapole is famous for its paddy fields. People in the village wake up early in the mornings and go to paddy fields.
Geographically, it is located at 16°47'7.04"N and 79°36'39.51"E. Built-up area along the village is up to 1.25 km and its altitude is varying from 107 m in the North to 123 m in the south.
State Highway SH-2 known as Narketpalli-Addanki road is traversing through this village.
Educational Institutions.
Kondrapole has two government schools: one primary (up to 5th class) and one high school (6th to 10th class). The latter is known as Z.P.H.S Kondrapole.
There is one private primary school, known as Netaji Public School.
Health care.
There is one government veterinary hospital and various other small-small private clinics.

</doc>
<doc id="9770168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770168" title="List of European Commissioners by nationality">
List of European Commissioners by nationality

A European Commissioner is a member of the European Commission. Each Commissioner within the college holds a specific portfolio and are led by the President of the European Commission. In simple terms they are the equivalent of national ministers. Each European Union member state has the right to a single commissioner (prior to 2004, the four largest states were granted two) and appoints them in consultation with the President.
The accession of Romania and Bulgaria in 2007 raised the number of commissioners from 25 to 27, and after the accession of Croatia in 2013 the number of commissioners raised to 28. 
Below is a list of all past and present European Commissioners according to the member-state they were nominated by, including the Presidents of the European Coal and Steel Community and European Atomic Energy Community. The colours indicate their political background (blue for conservative or centre-right, mainly European People's Party, red for left-wing or social democrats, mainly the Party of European Socialists, yellow for centrist or liberals, mainly European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party, and green for green politicians, mainly the European Green Party).

</doc>
<doc id="9770178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770178" title="Jack O'Brien">
Jack O'Brien

Jack O'Brien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9770190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770190" title="At Our Worst">
At Our Worst

At Our Worst is a b-sides/live album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace. The band wrote this in their CD:
"Well here it is. Another album of no new songs. Seems like as things progress for us touring wise, things get worse and worse on the time we have to do other things, like write a new album! The idea for this album came along to us by another label named Indianola. They wanted to release our demos and whatnot, and we laughed. We wanted nothing to do with an album like this. In a way we still don't, but hey... money talks and we could really use some new equipment. These live tracks were taken from a show in Jacksonville, FL @ Jack Rabbits November 2003. The unreleased track was originally written for Burned Alive By Time, but for whatever reason didn't make it to the cd. As for the demo songs on here, please be nice to us, they suck. We were in a band for two months when we wrote this. When we first put it out we were selling our demos in sandwich bags, a long way we have come. Anyways... while you guys sit back and listen to this album, we'll be sitting in our log cabin on the lake tahoe writing for our next album. We promise not to disappoint! Regardless, thanks to everyone who supports us by buying these albums to hold them over 'till the next real full length. Cheers, Evergreen Terrace."
The Credits.
Tracks 1-5 Recorded in Jacksonville, FL @ Jack Rabbits NOV. 2003 Engineered and Mixed by: Lee Dyess & Jason Southwell
Track 6 Recorded @ Earthsound Studios JULY 2002 by: Lee Dyess and Vision Studios APRIL 2004 by:Daryl Phenniger
Tracks 7-10 Recorded @ Hole Of The Pigeon Studios FEB. 2000 Engineered and Mixed by: Paul Lapinski
Cultural references.
The band is infamous for referring to pop culture in their titles, lyrics, and soundbites.

</doc>
<doc id="9770262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770262" title="Alberto Aleman">
Alberto Aleman

Alberto Alemán Zubieta (born c. 1951) is a former administrator of the Panama Canal. He graduated from Texas A&M University in civil and industrial engineering in 1973. He lives in Panama with his wife, Ana Matilde, and their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9770292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770292" title="New Longton and Hutton railway station">
New Longton and Hutton railway station

Hutton and Howick was a railway station on the West Lancashire Railway in England. It was over a mile from each of the villages of Hutton and Howick Cross.
The coming of the railway attracted a settlement around the station which grew into the village of New Longton. The station was subsequently renamed New Longton and Hutton.

</doc>
<doc id="9770295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770295" title="2006 St. Louis Cardinals season">
2006 St. Louis Cardinals season

The St. Louis Cardinals 2006 season was the team's 125th season in St. Louis, Missouri and the 115th season in the National League. The season started out with a bang, as the team raced out to a 31-16 record by late May. Momentum would be slowed by injuries, as starting pitcher Mark Mulder was lost for the year, while center fielder Jim Edmonds and shortstop David Eckstein missed large amounts of playing time in the second half. Poor performance from several key players also hampered the team: starting pitcher Jason Marquis compiled a 6.02 ERA, starting pitcher Sidney Ponson was cut due to ineffectiveness, closer Jason Isringhausen blew ten saves before undergoing season-ending hip surgery in September, and catcher Yadier Molina had a poor offensive year, batting .216. 
All this led to a difficult season, despite that quick start, one that included two eight-game losing streaks (the longest such streaks for the franchise since 1988) and a seven-game losing streak, losing months in June, August and September, and an 83-78 record, the worst for the Cardinals since the 1999 team finished 75-86. However, that record was still good enough to finish first in a weak National League Central. On the season's final day, the Cardinals made the playoffs for the sixth time in the last seven seasons,edging the second-place Houston Astros by a game and a half. No other team in the division finished with a winning record. Once the playoffs began, the lightly regarded Cardinals surprised baseball fans everywhere by beating the San Diego Padres in the four-game Division Series, beating the New York Mets in the seven-game NLCS, and beating the Detroit Tigers in the 2006 World Series four games to one, winning the tenth, and probably most unlikely, World Series championship in franchise history. Their .516 winning percentage is the lowest ever for a World Series champion. This season ironically contrasted with 2004 in that that team was considered overwhelming favorites but were swept in the World Series, resulting in a bittersweet three-year period for the Cardinals.
Following the season, the Cardinals ended a 19-year association with KPLR and returned to KSDK for the first time since 1987.
Regular season.
First season in new Busch Stadium.
The new season brought a Cardinals team that was much changed from the one that went 100-62 in 2005 but fell to the Houston Astros in the NLCS. Starting pitcher Matt Morris, second baseman Mark Grudzielanek, left fielder Reggie Sanders, and relief pitcher Julián Tavárez left the team via free agency. Relief pitcher Ray King was traded to Colorado. Right fielder Larry Walker retired. Brought in to replace the departed Cardinals were right fielder Juan Encarnación, starting pitcher Sidney Ponson, relief pitchers Braden Looper and Ricardo Rincón, all via free agency, and second baseman Aaron Miles, acquired in the Ray King trade. Left field was left unsettled in the offseason and would remain so all year, with no player getting more than one-third of the playing time at that position. 
The Cardinals opened the 2006 season on April 3, on the road against the Philadelphia Phillies. St. Louis won 13-5. Albert Pujols homered twice, newly acquired second baseman Aaron Miles had two doubles and a triple, and Scott Rolen, who missed most of the 2005 season with a shoulder injury, had a grand slam. 
Monday, April 10, saw the Cardinals' home opener, and the first Major League game in the brand-new Busch Stadium. The Cardinals came back from an early deficit to beat Milwaukee 6-4. Pujols had a home run (his fourth in eight games) and Mark Mulder won his first game of the year. The first game played at the new Busch was between two of the franchise's minor league affiliates, the Springfield Cardinals and Memphis Redbirds on April 4.
On April 16 against the Cincinnati Reds, Pujols continued his hot start, hitting three home runs, including a walk-off two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth to give the Cardinals an 8-7 victory. The three-dinger day was the second of his career and gave him eight home runs in the Cardinals' first twelve games. St. Louis would continue playing well through April and finished the month with a record of 17-8. 
The Cardinals continued to play well in the month of May, but injuries began to accumulate. Relief pitcher Ricardo Rincón, on the disabled list since April 28, had season-ending shoulder surgery on May 12. Ponson went on the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right arm, and ace Chris Carpenter went on the DL with bursitis at the end of the month. Rookie Anthony Reyes got two callups to make emergency starts for Carpenter and Ponson, earning one victory and one no-decision. Jim Edmonds missed time with an abdominal infection and many of the players fell victim to a flu bug in the clubhouse. But Albert Pujols continued his great year, hitting 11 home runs in May after 14 in April, Jason Isringhausen was 10-10 in save opportunities, and the team went 17-11 for the month and finish May with a record of 34-19, fifteen games over .500. On May 28, Mulder, who had been very effective for most of the first two months of the season, was tagged for eight runs in 4.1 innings as the Cardinals lost to San Diego 10-8. It would be a sign of things to come for St. Louis' #2 starter.
Summer slump.
In June the Cardinals began to struggle. On June 4, Albert Pujols went on the disabled list for the first time in his career with a strained right oblique muscle. Two days later, Isringhausen gave up a three-run homer in the ninth inning and the Cardinals lost to Cincinnati 8-7. (Isringhausen blew four saves in June.) Two more losses to the Reds dropped the Cardinals into a brief tie with Cincinnati for first place, but they won seven of their next nine to maintain possession of first place and improve their record to 42-26. The Cardinals were sixteen games over .500, the high-water mark for 2006.
St. Louis then traveled to Chicago for a series against the defending world champion Chicago White Sox. They lost the opener 20-6. Mark Mulder's ERA rose to 6.09, and two days later he went on the disabled list. They lost the second game 13-5, with starting pitcher Jason Marquis giving up all thirteen runs. The next night, rookie Anthony Reyes, called back up to the big leagues with Mulder injured and Ponson banished to the bullpen, threw a one-hitter—but that one hit was a home run by Jim Thome, and the Cardinals lost 1-0. Reyes' gem was also the first game back for Albert Pujols after eighteen days on the disabled list. After the sweep by the White Sox the Cardinals were swept by the Detroit Tigers. Two more losses to the Cleveland Indians extended the streak to eight losses in a row, the longest such streak for a Cardinal team in 18 years. They finally snapped the streak with a 5-4 victory over Cleveland on June 29. For the month, St. Louis went 9-16 and fell to eight games over .500 at 43-35. 
July would see much turnover in the roster as the Cardinals struggled to regain their equilibrium. On July 5 Jeff Weaver was acquired from the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in a trade, and two days later, Sidney Ponson, previously plagued with injuries and ineffectiveness and demoted to the bullpen, was released. At the end of the month, St. Louis traded Héctor Luna to Cleveland for Ronnie Belliard, who took the second base job that Luna and Miles had shared, and acquired relief pitcher Jorge Sosa from Atlanta for a minor leaguer. Chris Duncan started getting more and more playing time in the outfield and responded with a .324 average for the month. In other developments, Jason Marquis, who gave up thirteen runs in a start against the White Sox in June, gave up twelve runs in a 14-5 disaster against the Atlanta Braves on July 18. Marquis became the first big-league pitcher since Chubby Dean of the 1940 Philadelphia Athletics to cough up twelve runs in a game twice in the same season.
On July 19, a storm carrying winds of 80 mph struck the new Busch, knocking over concession stands, ripping the tarp, and injuring thirty people.
The yo-yo season continued. The Cardinals won seven in a row and 13 out of 16 in the middle of July (a surge largely fueled by a sweep of all seven games with the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2006) and by July 26, they had regained their previous high of 16 games over .500, at 58-42. However, the end of the month saw a four-game sweep by the Cubs at Wrigley Field and a losing streak that would extend into August. St. Louis went 15-11 in July and finished the month at 58-46. The Cincinnati Reds continued to dog the Cardinals' footsteps, sitting 3.5 games out of first place at the end of July.
Pitching continued to be problematic for the Cardinals in August. Mark Mulder, attempting to come back from his shoulder injury, made two starts towards the end of the month, got hit very hard both times, and return to the disabled list, where he would stay for the rest of the season. He ended the worst year of his career with a 7.14 ERA. Jason Marquis' miserable year got even worse, with a 6.75 ERA for August. New acquisition Jeff Weaver followed up his 6.46 July with a 5.67 August. Closer Jason Isringhausen also struggled, blowing two saves, taking three losses and posting a 5.06 ERA for the month.
Injuries took their toll on position players as well. Jim Edmonds missed half the month with post-concussion syndrome and David Eckstein went on the disabled list with a strained oblique muscle. The Cardinals signed Preston Wilson, who had been released by Houston, to fill the hole caused by Edmonds' injury.
St. Louis ended July by dropping four in a row and lost four more in a row to start August. After going 18 years without an eight-game losing streak the Redbirds now had their second of the 2006 season. They finally snapped that streak and played somewhat better for the rest of August, as Pujols and Rolen both continued to hit well and Chris Duncan, now playing almost every day, led the team with nine home runs for the month. Backup catcher Gary Bennett had a spectacular weekend at the end of August, homering and hitting a walk-off single to beat the Cubs on the 26th and hitting a walk-off grand slam to beat the Cubs again on the 27th. The Cardinals went 13-15 for the month and ended August with a record of 71-61, still enjoying an NL Central lead of five games over Cincinnati and six games over Houston.
September: photo finish.
The Cardinals' strange, up/down season would get even stranger in the final month, as the team staggered to the finish while trying to avoid a shocking collapse. As August passed into September, Eckstein was still on the DL and Edmonds was still absent from the lineup with post-concussion syndrome. On September 3, Pujols had his second three-homer game of the season and third of his career, as the Cardinals beat Pittsburgh 6-3. However, two days later the Cardinals were nearly no-hit; Ramón Ortiz of the Washington Nationals took a no-hitter into the ninth before Aaron Miles' single spoiled it. Ortiz settled for a 4-1 victory. 
As the season wound down, St. Louis seemed to run out of gas. Edmonds and Eckstein missed almost the whole month with their injuries. Duncan, who'd contributed badly needed offense in July and August, slumped to a .212 September. Even worse, Scott Rolen, the second-best hitter on the team for five months, went into a terrible slump and hit .227 for the final month. Encarnacion hit .238, Belliard .219, and Molina .224. The only players contributing offense in the final month were Pujols and Scott Spiezio, whose power surge allowed him to post a 1.042 OPS for the last month of the season.
On the pitching mound, Marquis ended his dismal year with a dismal 7.25 September. His 6.02 ERA in 2006 ranked dead last in the National League amongst pitchers who qualified for the ERA title. Jason Isringhausen, who had been struggling all summer with a deteriorating hip, was finally lost for the season after blowing his tenth save of the year on September 6 against Washington. Rookie Adam Wainwright assumed the closer's role for the last few weeks of the season.
Despite all these difficulties the Cardinals succeeded in treading water for the first three weeks of the month, and, after a 12-2 victory against Milwaukee on September 19, stood at 80-69 for the season, seven games ahead of Cincinnati and 8.5 games ahead of Houston. Only twelve games remained in the season. A playoff berth seemed assured. But the Cardinals proceeded to reel off a seven-game losing streak, their third of the season of seven games or longer. Included in the slide was a four-game sweep by the Astros, who won nine in a row from September 20 through September 28.
On September 27, St. Louis' seven-game lead had been sliced to 1.5 games over the hard-charging Astros. Houston won again that day, their eighth in a row. Trailing 2-1 in the bottom of the 8th inning to the San Diego Padres with two on and two out, Albert Pujols hit a three-run homer, his 47th of the year. New closer Wainwright made it stand up, and the losing streak was over. It was Pujols' 25th game-winning hit of the season. However, the next night Jason Marquis had one last terrible start, the Cards lost to Milwaukee 9-4, and the lead over the Astros shrank to 1/2 game. The sports world was rife with memories of the 1964 Philadelphia Phillies, who led by 6½ games with 12 to go and lost ten in a row to lose the pennant to, ironically, the Cardinals.
On the 29th St. Louis beat Milwaukee 10-5 and the Astros lost to Atlanta, snapping their nine-game win streak and widening the lead to 1.5 games. On the 30th, Scott Spiezio hit a bases-loaded triple in the bottom of the 8th inning and the Cardinals beat Milwaukee 3-2. Needing only a win in Game #161 against Milwaukee on October 1, St. Louis lost 5-3, but the Astros had already lost 3-1 at Atlanta. The Cardinals had narrowly avoided collapse and won the NL Central with an 83-78 record. Had the Astros won their last game, the Cardinals would've had to play a rained-out make-up game against the San Francisco Giants to determine the tie breaker between the Astros and the Cardinals.
Postseason.
Division Series.
The Cardinals entered the postseason with the third-worst record in history for any MLB playoff team, beating only the 2005 Padres (82-80) and the 1973 New York Mets (82-79), and they had just endured a September 12–17. Experts gave them little hope of advancing in October. Yet the Cardinals proceeded to beat the NL West champion San Diego Padres in four games in the best-of-five Division Series. Carpenter won two games in the series including the clinching Game 4, Albert Pujols hit .333 with a home run and a double, and Yadier Molina hit .308 (4-13). St. Louis would advance to the NLCS to face the best team in the National League in 2006, the New York Mets.
League Championship Series.
The Cardinals began the NLCS as huge underdogs to the New York Mets. The Mets won fourteen games more than the Cardinals did in 2006. Their offense scored 53 runs more than the Cardinals' did. Their pitchers allowed 31 fewer. In head-to-head contests during the season, the Mets won four of six from St. Louis. Also, by virtue of the better record, the Mets would have home field advantage.
However, the series would be hard-fought by both sides. New York won Game 1 2-0 behind the pitching of ace Tom Glavine and a two-run homer by Carlos Beltrán. The Cardinals won Game 2 9-6 by scoring three runs off Met closer Billy Wagner in the top of the ninth inning, the rally started by a home run from light-hitting (16 career HR in 960 at-bats) So Taguchi. St. Louis won Games 3 and 5 and New York won Games 4 and 6, setting up a winner-take-all Game 7 in New York. Light drizzle fell all game, increasing to a light rain in the later innings. The Mets scored in the bottom of the first on a double by Beltran and a single by Wright, but would not get another hit until the ninth. The Cardinals evened it up at 1-1 in the second on singles by Molina (who followed up his Division Series success by hitting .348 in this series) and Edmonds and a sacrifice bunt by Belliard. There the score would stay for seven innings, thanks in part to Met left fielder Endy Chávez, who made a leaping catch of Scott Rolen's almost-home run in the sixth and doubled Jim Edmonds off of first.
The game was still tied with one out in the top of the ninth when Rolen singled. Molina, batting next, (and like Taguchi not a home run hitter, with 16 in 937 big-league at-bats), hit a two-run homer over the left field wall to give the Cardinals a 3-1 lead. In the bottom of the ninth inning, the Mets loaded the bases with two out on singles by José Valentín and Chavez and a walk to catcher Paul Lo Duca. That brought to the plate Cardinal-killer Carlos Beltrán (18 for 51 with seven home runs against St. Louis in the 2004 and 2006 NLCS), who in the regular season hit 41 home runs and drove in 116 runs. St. Louis' rookie relief pitcher, Adam Wainwright, installed as closer only one month before, struck out Beltran on three pitches (the last a curveball looking), and the Cardinals won the series and the 17th National League pennant in franchise history.
Starting pitcher Jeff Suppan was named NLCS MVP.
World Series.
St. Louis had been an underdog against the Padres, and won. They had been a prohibitive underdog against the Mets, and won. That did not prevent them from being an underdog for the third time against the American League champion Detroit Tigers, who had won 95 games in the regular season, knocked off the New York Yankees in the Division Series and swept the Oakland Athletics in the ALCS. Bob Nightengale of USAToday expressed majority opinion when he said "Tigers in three".
Rookie Anthony Reyes, whose up-and-down season had ended with a 5.06 ERA, retired 17 Detroit hitters in a row in his Game 1 victory, Chris Carpenter threw eight shutout, three-hit innings in Game 3, and Cardinal pitchers overall had a 2.05 ERA for the Series. Scott Rolen hit .421 for the Series, Yadier Molina finished off his superb October by hitting .412, and David Eckstein hit .364 and won the MVP. Detroit, on the other hand, hit .199 and played poorly in the field, with eight errors in five games. St. Louis came back from a 3-0 deficit to win Game 4 5-4 and get within one win of a title. In the deciding Game 5, St. Louis carried a 4-2 lead into the ninth inning. As 46,638 fans looked on, closer Wainwright got Magglio Ordóñez to ground out, gave up a double to Sean Casey, then got Iván Rodríguez to ground out to bring the Cardinals one out away from victory. Plácido Polanco, a former Cardinal, drew a walk, putting the tying run on base. Brandon Inge struck out on three pitches, and the St. Louis Cardinals won their tenth World Series championship in franchise history. David Eckstein won Series MVP and a Chevrolet Corvette Z06.

</doc>
<doc id="9770326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770326" title="Troublemakers (film)">
Troublemakers (film)

Troublemakers (, also known as The Fight Before Christmas) is a 1994 spaghetti western comedy film. It is the last pairing to date of Terence Hill (who also directed) and Bud Spencer.
Plot.
Travis, a gunslinger receives a letter from his mother Maw, asking him to bring his brother Moses and his family to a Christmas reunion and to give them an unknown treasure she claims to have inherited it from his father. Moses is a bounty hunter, who is angry at Maw, for letting his stolen horses loose, forcing Travis to set up a plan. Travis saves an outlaw named Sam Stone from being hanged and teams up with his brother to catch him. When the brothers stay at Moses' family's house, Travis gives them plans to get to Maw's. When they head off the next morning, Moses' family heads on their way to Maw's.
While passing some time at a town, Travis gets into a fist fight with a man, named Dodge and his gang, who were teasing a young woman. Moses unwillingly comes and helps Travis finish them off. The woman, Bridget invites the brothers to have cookies and tea with her and her sister, Melie. After leaving and setting up camp, Travis finds Stone and gang, talking about robbing a bank, the next day at noon. The next day, the brothers plan a trap to catch Stone. The plan backfires when they come in at the wrong time. The sheriff and his deputy mistake Travis and Moses as part of Stone's gang and arrest them.
Bridget bails Travis out, revealing that Stone took their beloved bear. When Moses is sentenced to hang the next morning, Travis tries to free him in the same way he freed Stone (shooting the noose.) A dog attacks Travis and Moses is hanged, but due to his enormous size, he destroys the gallows. Moses survives with only a few splinters. He comes up with a plan to catch Stone, but the plan fails and they are captured. Travis reveals to Stone that he saved his life, and Stone lets them go. Moses comes up with plan B, which works. When Moses falls asleep, Travis frees Stone and Stone dummy-ties him.
Moses abandons Travis, but he hitches a ride from nearby Navajo Indians. Moses' son, Junior wants to by a horse for his father. He heads to town and is captured by Stone, who learns of the Christmas reunion. Travis and Moses reunite and wait for Stone's next move. Junior escapes and follows the brothers. He camps out for the night. Junior wakes up and finds himself face-to-face with a Western Diamondback Rattlesnake. He gets bitten, but manages to ride to Travis and Moses. The brothers take him to Bridget's and Melie, where he recovers from the venom.
Travis reveals the reunion, angering Moses. Moses is about to kill Travis, but Junior warns them about Stone's plan. Before leaving, Bridget and Travis share a kiss. The brothers finally arrive at Maw's and discover that she is holding Stone captive. Moses' family, Travis, Bridget and Melie all share a Christmas dinner as a family. However, the sheriff, deputy, Dodge and his gang plan to kill them but drop their guns when they are hypnotized by the night sky's beauty. A giant fist fight occurs between the two groups, involving the family winning. One of the daughters calls the event "The Fight Before Christmas."
The next morning, Maw reveals that the treasure is where their hearts are, much to Stone's dismay. Maw then leaves for Denver and all the people are taken a picture of by the photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="9770328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770328" title="Oscillator (EP)">
Oscillator (EP)

Oscillator is an EP by Information Society. It was their first new commercial release after six-year break.
This six-song record uses the vocal stylings of newcomer Christopher Anton, as well as a range of intriguing guests and remixers. In addition to four mixes of the underground hit "Back in the Day", and the well-received track "I Like The Way You Werk It", there is a rare live recording of "Great Big Disco World", made at Club Milky Robot in Osaka, Japan, in 2006.
Online release.
"Oscillator" was released March 19, 2007, as an Internet-only EP, offered for purchase through a variety of web-based music retailers including iTunes, Napster and Rhapsody.
CD release.
A CD version of "Oscillator" was released June 21, 2007, with an extra audio track and a bonus CD-ROM video track.
Track listing (CD release).
Bonus.
CD-ROM video: I Like the Way You Werk It produced by 13tongimp
Liner notes.
Production credits.
Produced by: Information Society<br>
Music Director: Paul Robb<br>
Recorded at Paul's house throughout 2006<br>
<br>
Art direction: Adam King<br>
Photography: Tyler Shields, Brandon Showers<br>
Digital projects manager (HAKATAK): Elizabeth Evangelista<br>
<br>
"Werk It" video by 13tongimp

</doc>
<doc id="9770329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770329" title="Synthesizer (album)">
Synthesizer (album)

Synthesizer is an album by the synthpop band Information Society. It was released on September 1, 2007, from the band's official website, and on October 9, 2007, in record stores.
Liner notes.
Production credits.
Produced by: Information Society<br>
Music director: Paul Robb<br>
Recorded at Paul's house
Additional credits.
Art direction: Adam King / King Design Office<br>
Photography: Tyler Shields, Brandon Showers

</doc>
<doc id="9770355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770355" title="Oronzio Gabriele Costa">
Oronzio Gabriele Costa

Oronzio Gabriele Costa (26 August 1787, Lecce-7 November 1867 Naples) was an Italian zoologist. 
At first a physician, he taught zoology at the University of Naples. He wrote 126 papers on various subjects, principally entomology, and in 1846 served as president of the Accademia Pontaniana in Naples. 
His two sons, Achille Costa (1823-1899) and Giuseppe Costa, were also both well known zoologists.

</doc>
<doc id="9770361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770361" title="Hydraulic drive system">
Hydraulic drive system

A hydraulic drive system is a drive or transmission system that uses pressurized hydraulic fluid to drive hydraulic machinery. The term hydrostatic refers to the transfer of energy from flow and pressure, not from the kinetic energy of the flow.
A hydraulic drive system consists of three parts: The generator (e.g. a hydraulic pump), driven by an electric motor, a combustion engine or a windmill; valves, filters, piping etc. (to guide and control the system); the motor (e.g. a hydraulic motor or hydraulic cylinder) to drive the machinery.
Principle of a hydraulic drive.
Pascal's law is the basis of hydraulic drive systems. As the pressure in the system is the same, the force that the fluid gives to the surroundings is therefore equal to pressure × area. In such a way, a small piston feels a small force and a large piston feels a large force.
The same principle applies for a hydraulic pump with a small swept volume that asks for a small torque, combined with a hydraulic motor with a large swept volume that gives a large torque. In such a way a transmission with a certain ratio can be built. 
Most hydraulic drive systems make use of hydraulic cylinders. Here the same principle is used — a small torque can be transmitted into a large force.
By throttling the fluid between the generator part and the motor part, or by using hydraulic pumps and/or motors with adjustable swept volume, the ratio of the transmission can be changed easily. In case throttling is used, the efficiency of the transmission is limited. In case adjustable pumps and motors are used, the efficiency, however, is very large. In fact, up to around 1980, a hydraulic drive system had hardly any competition from other adjustable drive systems. 
Nowadays, electric drive systems using electric servo-motors can be controlled in an excellent way and can easily compete with rotating hydraulic drive systems. Hydraulic cylinders are, in fact, without competition for linear forces. For these cylinders, hydraulic systems will remain of interest and if such a system is available, it is easy and logical to use this system for the rotating drives of the cooling systems, also.
Classification of a hydraulic drives.
Hydraulic drives are traditionally divided into three classes. These are
The classification is basically due to the fact that components are classified in these cathegories, although some overlap exists between industrial and mobile hydraulics, aircraft hydraulics components are highly specialized due to extreme requirements on weight and certification.
Hydraulic press.
A hydraulic is a machine (see machine press) using a hydraulic cylinder to generate a compressive force. It uses the hydraulic equivalent of a mechanical lever, and was also known as a Bramah press after the inventor, Joseph Bramah, of England. He invented and was issued a patent on this press in 1795. As Bramah (who is also known for his development of the flush toilet) installed toilets, he studied the existing literature on the motion of fluids and put this knowledge into the development of the press.
Hydraulic cylinder.
Hydraulic cylinders (also called linear hydraulic motors) are mechanical actuators that are used to give a linear force through a linear stroke. Hydraulic cylinders are able to give pushing and pulling forces of many metric tons with only a simple hydraulic system. Very simple hydraulic cylinders are used in presses; here, the cylinder consists of a volume in a piece of iron with a plunger pushed in it and sealed with a cover. By pumping hydraulic fluid in the volume, the plunger is pushed out with a force of plunger-area pressure.
More sophisticated cylinders have a body with end cover, a piston rod, and a cylinder head. At one side the bottom is, for instance, connected to a single clevis, whereas at the other side, the piston rod is also foreseen with a single clevis. The cylinder shell normally has hydraulic connections at both sides; that is, a connection at the bottom side and a connection at the cylinder head side. If oil is pushed under the piston, the piston rod is pushed out and oil that was between the piston and the cylinder head is pushed back to the oil tank. 
The pushing or pulling force of a hydraulic cylinder is as follows:
Apart from miniature cylinders, in general, the smallest cylinder diameter is 32 mm and the smallest piston rod diameter is 16 mm.
Simple hydraulic cylinders have a maximum working pressure of about 70 bar. The next step is 140 bar, 210 bar, 320/350 bar and further. In general, the cylinders are custom built. The stroke of a hydraulic cylinder is limited by the manufacturing process. The majority of hydraulic cylinders have a stroke between 0, 3, and 5 meters, whereas 12-15 meter stroke is also possible, but for this length only a limited number of suppliers are on the market.
In case the retracted length of the cylinder is too long for the cylinder to be built in the structure, Telescopic cylinder can be used. One has to realize that for simple pushing applications telescopic cylinders might be easily available; for higher forces and/or double acting cylinders, they must be designed especially and are very expensive. If hydraulic cylinders are only used for pushing and the piston rod is brought in again by other means, one can also use Plunger cylinders. Plunger cylinders have no sealing over the piston, if the cylinder even exists. This means that only one oil connection is necessary. In general the diameter of the plunger is rather large compared with a normal piston cylinder, whereas a hydraulic motor will always leak oil. A hydraulic cylinder does not have a leakage over the piston nor over the cylinder head sealing so that there is no need for a mechanical brake.
Hydraulic motor.
The hydraulic motor is the rotary counterpart of the hydraulic cylinder. Conceptually, a hydraulic motor should be interchangeable with the hydraulic pump, due to the fact it performs the opposite function. However, most hydraulic pumps cannot be used as hydraulic motors because they cannot be backdriven. Also, a hydraulic motor is usually designed for the working pressure at both sides of the motor. Another difference is that a motor can be reversed by a reversing valve.
Pressure in a hydraulic system is like the voltage in an electrical system and fluid flow rate is the equivalent of current. The size and speed of the pump determines the flow rate, the load at the motor determines the pressure.
Hydraulic valves.
These valves are usually very heavy duty to stand up to high pressures. Some special valves can control the direction of the flow of fluid and act as a control unit for a system.
Open and closed systems.
An open system is one where the hydraulic fluid is returned into a large, unpressurized tank at the end of a cycle through the system. In contrast, a closed system is where the hydraulic fluid stays in one closed pressurized loop without returning to a main tank after each cycle. See open and closed systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9770384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770384" title="Zernsdorf">
Zernsdorf

Zernsdorf is a village in Dahme-Spreewald, Brandenburg, Germany. Since 2003 it has been part of the city of Königs Wusterhausen. The population is approximately 2,900.
Geography.
Zernsdorf is situated south-east of Berlin, on the banks of three lakes. The largest of these is the Krüpelsee, which is fed by the Dahme; the other two are the Lankensee and the Ukleisee. The main part of Königs Wusterhausen lies about 5km to the west; the state capital, Potsdam, is about 40km to the north-west.
Administrative status.
From 1965 to 2003 Zernsdorf was divided into three administrative districts: Zernsdorf, Uklei and Kablow-Ziegelei.

</doc>
<doc id="9770391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770391" title="EFUSE">
EFUSE

In computing, eFUSE is a technology invented by IBM which allows for the dynamic real-time reprogramming of computer chips. Speaking abstractly, computer logic is generally "etched" or "hard-coded" onto a chip and cannot be changed after the chip has finished being manufactured. By utilizing an eFUSE (or more realistically, a number of individual eFUSEs), a chip manufacturer can allow for the circuits on a chip to change while it is in operation.
The primary application of this technology is to provide in-chip performance tuning. If certain sub-systems fail, or are taking too long to respond, or are consuming too much power, the chip can instantly change its behavior by "blowing" an eFUSE.

</doc>
<doc id="9770401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770401" title="Hydraulic transmission">
Hydraulic transmission

Hydraulic transmission may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9770405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770405" title="Leigh Hinton">
Leigh Hinton

Leigh Hinton (born 21 February 1979 in Birmingham) is a retired rugby union footballer. His usual position was at full-back, although he could also play at centre or on the wing.
Hinton joined Leeds on a two-year deal along with team-mate and Welsh international back-row Rhys Oakley at the start of the 2006–07 season from Newport Gwent Dragons making his début against London Welsh at Headingley on 3 September 2006.
Leeds' then director of rugby Stuart Lancaster said at the time: "Leigh is a proven points-scorer in this division, both with his boot and as a try scorer. He has had a frustrating season last year and I know he is keen to put that behind him and make a fresh start with us. He can play at full-back or in the centres and with his experience he will be excellent for our younger players to work with." 
Hinton was known as 'Points Machine' when he was with Orrell R.U.F.C. and Bedford Blues in National Division One scoring over 650 points in just two seasons before moving to Newport at the start of the 2005/07 season. 
The full-back has also played for Moseley Rugby Football Club and Birmingham & Solihull RFC in National Division One. 
In the 2003–04 season he set new records for tries and conversions in a season for Orrell, finishing with 313 points. In the following season he was leading points scorer in the division, finishing 60 points clear of Bristol’s Jason Strange and helping Bedford Blues to their Powergen Shield victory at Twickenham, scoring 9 of their 14 points in the Final. 
At Newport Gwent Dragons, after making his début against Glasgow Warriors he went on to make just a further seven appearances but it was a frustrating time for Hinton, and he registered just one try and two conversions in his spell in Wales.
In his first season with the Tykes, Hinton finished the season as top points scorer in National Division One. 
Hinton was one of the stars of the failing Leeds Carnegie side that were relegated from the Premiership 2007/2008, and stayed loyal to Leeds when staying on at the club for a second stint in the first division. Hinton has just brought up 400 points for Leeds with a try against Plymouth Albion at Headingley Carnegie Stadium.
Hinton joined National Division 3 Midlands side Rugby Lions in 2011, as one of many major signings by the club, to help with their ambitions of reaching the Premiership within 5 seasons under new owner Mike Aland. He reached the 200-point landmark in his 13th appearance of the 2011-12 season against Broadstreet, the team he also hit the 300-point mark against on April 14. On March 3, 2012, in the home match against South Leicester, Hinton broke the Lions' record for points in a season. Rugby won the league with two games remaining on March 31, 2012, with Hinton kicking 3 penalties (and receiving a yellow card) in a 19-14 win over Dudley Kingswinford. At the end of season awards dinner, Hinton was awarded a special award for having scored the most points for the Lions in the season, finishing with 315. This consisted of 12 tries, 13 penalties and 108 conversions.
In the summer of 2012, Hinton announced his retirement from Rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="9770418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770418" title="Daniel Lassalle">
Daniel Lassalle

Daniel Lassalle (born 1965) is a baroque trombonist from France. He is joint artistic director of Les Sacqueboutiers (with Jean-Pierre Canihac) and professor of trombone at the Conservatoire National de Région de Toulouse.
He won the Premier prix for trombone and also chamber music at the Conservatoire National de Région de Toulouse in 1982 before winning the Premier prix for trombone at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris in 1984.
As a member of the ensemble 'Les Sacqueboutiers', he has collaborated with Jordi Savall and Hespérion XXI, Michel Corboz and Ensemble Vocal de Genève, Jean-Claude Malgoire and la Grande Ecurie and la Chambre du Roy, Philippe Herreweghe and la Chapelle Royale, William Christie and Les Arts Florissants.
In addition to his professorial posts in Toulouse and Lyon, he advises in early music courses at academies in Urbino, Paris, Barcelona, and La Seu d'Urgell.

</doc>
<doc id="9770425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770425" title="Romema">
Romema

Romema () ("lit." Uplifted) is a neighbourhood in northwest Jerusalem, Israel, just off the Tel Aviv-Jerusalem highway at the main entrance to the city. It occupies the highest hill in Jerusalem. Romema is bordered by Kiryat Mattersdorf and Mekor Baruch.
Name.
The name of the neighborhood is based on Psalms 118:16: "The Lord's right hand is lifted high ("romem")".
History.
Romema was founded on a hill outside the historical city of Lifta in 1921. The initiator of the project was attorney Yom-Tov Hamon, an expert in Ottoman law and land-ownership issues, who arbitrated disputes among Arab landowners in the region and opened sales of the land to Jews. The original building plan called for 24 houses surrounding a central square. The Jewish section of the neighborhood was built with private funding. Most of the original streets were named for Hebrew newspapers of the era: "HaZvi", edited by Eliezer Ben-Yehuda, "Ariel", "HaOr", "Torah Mitzion", and "Moriah". In 1931 a water reservoir was erected here.
Extant architecture shows the area's original affluence, wealth, and diversity. These include the three-story residence of Arab Haj Muhammad, who owned quarries in nearby Lifta and was a judge in the city's Muslim courts; the elegant home of Jewish hotelier and businessman Yehiel Amdurski, and the home of Rabbi Yehuda Fishman-Maimon.
1948 War and aftermath.
By 1948, the population was diverse, with Arab, Ashkenazi and Sephardi Jewish residents. At the beginning of 1948, during the Civil war, Christian Palestinians and Muslim Arabs living in the Arab section of Romema as well as the nearby village of Lifta were forced out of their homes due to violence from Jewish paramilitary groups such as the Irgun, as well as clashes with Arab militia men. Due to the Absentee Property Law, Arab residents were not allowed to return to their homes by the Israeli government, a point of contention for Palestinians who held property there.
After 1948, Romema became a center of light industry for many decades, home to a large number of garages, foundries, carpentry workshops and factories. In 2007, as businesses closed and properties were bought up by developers, a master plan was commissioned for the neighborhood.
Landmarks.
A 3-meter high monument commemorating the British soldiers who fell in the battle for Palestine stands at the top of Romema Street, where the Turkish Army surrendered to General Allenby during World War I. It was erected by soldiers of the 60th London Division in 1920. The inscription around the base reads: "Near this spot, the Holy City was surrendered to the 60th London Division, 9th December 1917." Etched into the monument are the silhouettes of Crusader knights, drawing a symbolic link between them and the British soldiers who conquered Jerusalem. The British also built a water tower in Romema, which was the highest point in Jerusalem at the time. Water from an adjacent pool was piped all over the city. 
The Jerusalem branch of the Magen David Adom ambulance service is located in Romema. Other landmarks include the Jerusalem Central Bus Station, the Israel Television building, the Jerusalem Gate Hotel, and the Center One shopping mall. From 1950 to 1991, Romema was the home of the Jerusalem Biblical Zoo, after access to the zoo on Mount Scopus was blocked in 1949.
Other existing landmarks include: the Belz Central Synagogue and Rabbinical College, its design resembling that of the Second Temple, and the Aleh Center, rehabilitation center for handicapped children and youth.
Former landmarks included offices of "The Jerusalem Post" and "Haaretz", the Tnuva dairy factory, Amcor refrigerator factory, and Achuza wedding hall. These have been mostly demolished making room for construction of high-rise residential buildings.
Architecture.
Many of the factory buildings in Romema were designed by Rudolf ("Rudy") Reuven Trostler, a pioneer of industrial architecture in Israel. Trostler also designed the five-story building housing the Israel Broadcasting Authority, which was erected in the 1960s as a diamond polishing center. The building was in the International Style with a gray breeze-block grille on the facade that became one of Trostler's stylistic trademarks. When the diamond industry in Jerusalem did not take off as anticipated, the building was renovated for television broadcasting.
References.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="9770451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770451" title="The Lords (German band)">
The Lords (German band)

The Lords were the most long-living and successful beat band of West Germany. The band's main headquarters was Düsseldorf/North Rhine-Westphalia. No other German band was so active during more than 40 years.
Classic line-up.
In 1964 their bassist Knud Kuntze ("Lord Knud") (*18 March 1944) had to leave the band due to an accident. He then started a career as a prominent German radio DJ. In 1965, the classic line-up of The Lords consisted of Ulli Günther (vocals), Bernd Zamulo (bass), Leo Lietz (guitar), Rainer Petry (guitar) and Max Donath (drums). This classic line-up existed until 1971, which marks the end of the classic and most successful period of the band.
History.
1959-1971: classic period.
In 1959, The Lords started out as a skiffle band in Berlin using partly custom-made instruments. In 1964 when Beatlemania and the British Invasion swept across the world, they turned into "Germany's First Beat Music Act" and developed their classic style for which they are still known in Germany today. In the period from 1965 until 1969 they had 11 hits in West German pop charts. Their first hit single from 1964 was "Shakin' All Over" (originally recorded by Johnny Kidd & The Pirates in 1960). Their other hits included the blues traditional "Poor Boy" in 1965, "Poison Ivy" in 1965 (originally by The Coasters, 1959), the Baptist traditional "Gloryland" in 1967, and "Rockin' pneumonia" in 1967 (probably originally by Larry Williams). They also appeared as supporting act of The Kinks and The Who on German tours of the two English bands, and performed on the contemporary TV music program "Beat-Club" several times. These "Beat-Club" performances are still repeated on German TV well into the 2000s, being largely responsible for today's classic image of The Lords back then. Their 1960s cover versions of "Shakin' all over", "Poison Ivy", and "Gloryland" still get much more airtime on German radio today compared to the original, earlier, or later recordings of these songs by English and American performers whose versions are therefore comparably unknown in Germany.
1971: Break-up and best ofs.
In 1971 the original formation of The Lords disbanded. The original recordings of their singles, later often re-recorded by the band, were issued on CD as the double CD box "The Original Singles-Collection/The A & B-Sides" in 1999, beside which the CD version of their 1972 best-of album "The LORDS 1964-1971" remains a decent seller, while "Shakin' all over '70" (1970) and "The Lords - The Very Best" (1992) like most of their albums after 1971 are more recent, technologically updated re-recordings of their classic songs instead.
1976-today: reformation.
From 1976 onwards, The Lords re-formed to play together until far into the 1990s with different line-ups, mostly as a nostalgia live band playing their old hits on 60s festivals and TV shows, every few years re-recording technologically updated versions of their songs. Especially "Lord Leo" Lietz has become sort of a bandleader since they have become mostly a 1960s nostalgia act, representing them and still giving the most interviews of all current band members.
Singer of The Lords, Lord Ulli died in a Potsdam hospital on 13 October 1999, after having a breakdown while performing on stage on 9 October 1999 during a concert of their 40 years anniversary tour.
Since 2000 The Lords have re-united once again, in 2002 and 2009 they released two new albums.
Style and reputation.
Rather than a serious music band, The Lords were more of a slapstick and comedy troupe especially on stage, probably akin to bands like The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band in England at the time (and indeed Johnny Kidd & The Pirates whose "Shakin' all over" The Lords covered and which became their first hit single), overdoing the contemporary moptop hairstyle by making it look like a stereotypical Medieval haircut as portrayed in the modern comic Prince Valiant, taking the formal suit fashion introduced by The Beatles and turning them into waiters' clothing, and dancing like a girl group such as the 1920s Tiller Girls on stage. However, when looking at many rock and pop bands from the era, the level of musical skill is at least as good as most, and better than some. When viewing performances from the mid 60s, they appear to have been playing live on TV appearances in an era when it was almost a given that acts would play to a recording.
This rather lighthearted attitude led to a rivalry with Hamburg-based band The Rattles and especially their bandleader and producer Achim Reichel who took the contemporary British Invasion-influenced music played by both bands more seriously, obviously holding The Lords not in very high regard for their silly antics.
Beside their clownesqueries looked down upon by more ambitious proto-Krautrock artists such as Reichel, there was a notorious rumor that singer of The Lords, Ulli Günther ("Lord Ulli") spoke not a single word of English even though it was the language he sang in, and that therefore his German accent was much thicker than was usual in the German-produced but English-sung music scene at the time.
Towards the end of the 1960s, the band was increasingly influenced by psychedelia and brought more social commentary, serious or satirical, into their lyrics, effectually turning from a British Invasion-influenced pop band into a progressive "Krautrock" group. However, nothing of this development remained after the breakup of their classic line-up in 1971, nor did the 1976 re-formation go back to suits and slapstick. Instead, since their re-formation they foster more of a rough rocker and teddy boy image both in their instrumentation, arrangements, and their clothing, now appearing in jeans clothing and sunglasses, comparable to the new style 1970s glam rock band Slade took on during the 1980s, even though today The Lords often perform to playbacks of their old singles when on TV while dressed up in their new style.

</doc>
<doc id="9770454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770454" title="John Cole, 2nd Earl of Enniskillen">
John Cole, 2nd Earl of Enniskillen

John Willoughby Cole, 2nd Earl of Enniskillen KP (23 March 1768 – 31 March 1840), styled Viscount Cole from 1789 to 1803, was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament.
Cole was the son of William Willoughby Cole, 1st Earl of Enniskillen. In 1790 and in 1798, he was elected for Sligo Borough and Fermanagh. Both times, he chose to sit for the latter and represented the constituency in the Irish House of Commons until the Act of Union in 1801.
After the Union, Cole was subsequently returned to the British House of Commons for Fermanagh, a seat he held until 1803, when he succeeded his father as earl. He was also Lord Lieutenant of County Fermanagh and sat in the House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1804 to 1840. He was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick in 1810 and in 1815 he was created Baron Grinstead, of Grinstead in the County of Wiltshire, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
Lord Enniskillen married Lady Charlotte Paget, daughter of Henry Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge, in 1805. They had five children:
He died in March 1840, aged 72, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son William.

</doc>
<doc id="9770487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770487" title="Gissing, Norfolk">
Gissing, Norfolk

Gissing is a village and civil parish in Norfolk, England, about six miles (10 km) north of Diss. It covers an area of and had a population of 254 in 95 households at the 2001 census. The village is the location of Gissing Hall, a fifteenth-century mansion which is now operated as an hotel.
Church of St Mary.
The church, St Mary, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk. It is a Grade I listed building. In 1209 there was a rectory; in 1271, vicarage was endowed with "all the offerings, the tithes of the mills, a vicarage-house and meadow, and an acre of land adjoining, and twenty acres more of the church's free land, and all other small tithes, except hay, which, with all the corn tithes, and the rest of the glebe, together with the rectory manor, and all its appurtenances, were to belong to the prior himself."

</doc>
<doc id="9770510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770510" title="Relentless (Sick of It All song)">
Relentless (Sick of It All song)

Relentless is a three track CD and 7" single from New York hardcore punk band, Sick Of It All. It was released in July, 2003 on Bridge Nine Records and contains two previously unreleased tracks from the recording sessions of "Life on the Ropes". All three songs were written by Sick Of It All.

</doc>
<doc id="9770518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770518" title="Kyrandia (Major BBS)">
Kyrandia (Major BBS)

Kyrandia is an adventure/role-playing video game game or MUD for Major BBS and Worldgroup BBS software. It was among the earliest games developed for that system.
History.
Kyrandia was programmed by Scott Brinker and Richard Skurnick in March–June 1988, and is based on the multi-player interactive game concepts originated by Tim Stryker in games such as "Fazuul" and "Quest for Magic".
Story.
The game is set in a classic fantasy world of magic and dragons. The player is tasked with becoming the "Arch-Mage of Legends", a goal achieved by exploring the environment, interacting with it and with other players, and casting spells to increase the player's level and abilities.
Gameplay.
Kyrandia uses a command line interface and command set similar to those seen in MUDs and in games like "Zork". Items can be carried, manipulated and dropped, and players can interact with other players logged into the game.
Environment.
The game begins with the player standing beside a mystical willow tree, on a road winding through the forest. Following the road leads to a small village located centrally in the main game map. Surrounding this area are approximately 150 forest locations forming a rectangular shape. Many of these locations are indistinct, offering no identifying factors at all. Other locations do provide some landmarks, including a fountain, waterfalls, caves and clearings.
Navigating the forest is tricky due to the similarity between locations. This is complicated by the fact that movement out of the rectangular forest boundary causes the player to be moved to a random located within the forest. Playing without a map is not advised.
Objects can be located within the game, mostly gemstones. The types of stone, in ascending order of value as allocated by the game, are the garnet, pearl, aquamarine, amethyst, opal, sapphire, bloodstone, ruby, emerald, onyx, diamond and moonstone. These may be sold to the gem cutter in the village for gold, and are needed to solve several of the level progressions within the game.
As further progress is made, the player travels to a golden forest, and finally to a castle inside which a vicious dragon resides. The game is completed within this final area by entering a series of commands inside castle locations, allowing the player to become Arch-Mage.

</doc>
<doc id="9770546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770546" title="Nova Cançó">
Nova Cançó

The Nova Cançó (, meaning in English "The New Song") was an artistic movement that promoted Catalan music in Francoist Spain. The movement sought to normalize use of the Catalan language in popular music and denounced the injustices of the Franco regime. Musically, it created a new genre, with roots in the French "Nouvelle Chanson". The Grup de Folk, which emerged in the same period, also promoted a new form of popular music in Catalan, drawing inspiration from contemporary American and British music.
Historical context.
The Nova Cançó movement originated at the end of the 1950s, twenty years after the installation of the Franco regime in Spain with its repressive policies against the Catalan language and Catalan culture. The late 1950s were a period of economic and political change in Spain: the regime ended its policy of economic autarky, and Francoist Spain was admitted to the United Nations, which required the government to improve its image abroad. In this new context, at the beginning of the 1960s, new cultural projects emerged in Catalonia. In 1961, the record label Edigsa and the cultural organization Òmnium Cultural were founded, and the first edition of the children's magazine "Cavall Fort" was published. In April 1962, the publishing house Edicions 62 released its first book. Little by little, the Catalan language, the public use of which had been expressly forbidden after the fall of Catalonia in the Spanish Civil War, began to regain a public presence. A notable example is the magazine "Germinàbit", published by the Abbey of Montserrat, which in October 1952 became the magazine "Serra d’Or".
In 1957, the writer Josep Maria Espinàs gave lectures on the French singer-songwriter Georges Brassens, whom he called "the troubadour of our times." Espinàs had begun to translate some of Brassens' songs into Catalan. In 1958, two EPs of songs in Catalan were released: "Hermanos Serrano: Cantan en catalán los éxitos internationals" ("The Brothers Serrano Sing International Hits in Catalan") and "José Guardiola: canta en catalán los éxitos internationales". They are now considered the first recordings of modern music in the Catalan language. These singers, as well as others such as Font Sellabona and Rudy Ventura, form a prelude to the Nova Cançó.
La Nova Cançó.
The movement's beginnings were in the second half of the 1950s, with the formation of a group suggested by Josep Benet i de Joan and Maurici Serrahima. This consisted of Jaume Armengol, Lluís Serrahima and Miquel Porter, who started composing Catalan songs. In 1959, after an article by Lluís Serrahima, titled "Ens calen cançons d’ara" ("We need songs for today"), was published in "Germinabit", more authors and singers were attracted to the movement. After a very successful representation at the Centre Comarcal Lleidatà, the group Els Setze Jutges was born, founded by Remei Margarit and Josep Maria Espinàs. Delfí Abella and Francesc Pi de la Serra joined soon thereafter.
The first Nova Cançó records appeared in 1962, and many musical bands, vocal groups, singer-songwriters, and interpreters picked up the trend.
In 1963, a professional Catalan artist, Salomé, and a Valencian, Raimon, were awarded the first prize of the Fifth Festival of Mediterranean Music with the song "Se’n va anar" (" left").
Despite the restrictions and administrative hurdles in television and radio broadcast, as well as in record industry, the Nova Cançó became increasingly popular, so many interpreters started to professionalize. At the same time, other variations on the style, based on other genres such as folk, appeared, with bands such as Grup de Folk and Esquirols.
Other important participants in the movement included Guillem d'Efak and Núria Feliu, who received the Spanish Critics' Award in 1966, or other new members of Els Setze Jutges. Some of them were even well known abroad.
As time passed, some bilingual singers appeared and other ideological positions emerged, diverging from the initial ideas behind the movement.
Apart from Raimon, other former members of Els Setze Jutges continued their careers successfully, including Guillermina Motta, Francesc Pi de la Serra, Maria del Mar Bonet, Lluís Llach and, especially, Joan Manuel Serrat. Other significant figures appeared somewhat later, like the Valencian Ovidi Montllor.
Inspired by the success of the Nova Cançó, parallel movements sprang up in Galicia, Basque Country (Euskal Kantagintza Berria), and Castile.

</doc>
<doc id="9770564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770564" title="John Le Fondré Jr">
John Le Fondré Jr

John Alexander Nicholas Le Fondré (born 1966) is a Jersey politician, and accountant. He entered the States of Jersey in the 2005 elections, as deputy for the Parish of St Lawrence. He served as Assistant Finance Minister until 20 July 2007, when he assumed the position of Assistant Chief Minister.
Biography.
John Alexander Le Fondré is the son of the late Deputy John Le Fondré (after whom the Jersey Airport departures hall is named).
He was educated at Victoria College, and went to Kingston Polytechnic to read Accounting and Finance. This included four months at the business school in Montpellier, France, where he became fluent in French. He graduated with an Upper Second Class Honours and went to work for Ernst and Young, both in Jersey and Luxembourg. 
He is a Chartered Accountant, and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales (UK) and a member of the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (USA).
He has taken a keen interest in parish affairs, acting as treasurer to the St Lawrence Battle of Flowers Association from 2001 – 2005, and also treasurer to the St Lawrence Parish Magazine – Les Laurentins from 2003 to the present.
He was a Committee Member of the St Lawrence Millennium Committee, and in that capacity also acted as Project Manager for the St Lawrence Millennium Footpath Project (1997 – 2004), also writing and summarising much of the written information on display about the path on the information boards and individual signs, as well as working on the completion of the path itself.
He is a qualified RYA dinghy instructor and has assisted with teaching youngsters to sail in connection with the Royal Channel Island Yacht Club. He has also represented Victoria College, the Parish of St Lawrence, and the Island of Jersey in target shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="9770570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770570" title="Rollo, Burkina Faso">
Rollo, Burkina Faso

Rollo is a small town of 7783 people and the capital of Rollo Department, Bam Province, Burkina Faso, West Africa. The Départment of Rollo has 25,000 adults, and in 2007, as part of national political decentralisation, Issa Ouermi was elected mayor of the Rollo Department. 
Rollo is reached by an unmade road, taking half an hour by motorbike or considerably longer in a vehicle, from the main N-S Kongoussi-Bourzanga road that links Ouagadougou to the north of the country. Past Rollo to the west are many villages, before the Province of Yatenga is entered - its capital Ouahigouya, is a couple of hours away by motorbike.
There are a couple of small shops, an occasional restaurant, a couple of small government outposts including the Prefecture and the post of the resident agricultural extension agent, and a small Catholic mission. There is a weekly market, where local cloth may be purchased.
This part of Burkina Faso is dominated by Mossi people, and the language spoken is overwhelmingly More with a smattering of French and Fulfulde. The Mossi arrived in the region in the 14th century, and have co-mingled with the indigenous residents. There are also settlers from modern-day Mali, and animism coexists with Christianity and Islam. Life is still traditional in many ways, with mud brick housing predominating, although large towns like Kongoussi may be reached with minimal difficulty, permitting market trading, access to shops, the Kongoussi cinema, pharmacies, the hospital, etc. within .
As of 2001 the town did not have electricity, telephone, or any utilities. There is a dam (barrage) providing water for livestock, feeding off the ephemeral tributary that forms part of the Lac du Bam catchment of the Volta. The IMF paid for improvements under the national "Projet Boulis et Petite Irrigation Villageoise" program. Most residents farm or have lifestock. The traditional farming lands surround the settlement, with land allocation largely controlled by the powerful village chief. There is a traditional cycle of seasonal festivals. 
There have been occasional development efforts, such as the activities of the soil and water project PATECORE, and Saudi Arabia has funded many well-digging projects in the region. Tourists are almost nonexistent, and there are no attractions or visitor accommodation. There is basic schooling, but for the lycée (high school) pupils must relocate to Kongoussi. Rollo residents are found working much further afield - France, Ivory Coast, etc. and they return remittances to families or extended kin.
References.
Goggle Imagery

</doc>
<doc id="9770619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770619" title="Lamar Towers">
Lamar Towers

Lamar Towers are a pair of skyscrapers currently under construction in the city of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Located on Jeddah Corniche, Tower 1 will be tall (including antenna) with 72 floors above ground, and Tower 2 will be tall with 62 floors above ground.
The proposal for the project was submitted by Cayan in 2008 and was approved in the same year. Construction began in 2008 and, when completed in 2016, Tower 1 will be the tallest building in Jeddah, till date, surpassing the recently completed National Commercial Bank. The development is expected to cost about $600 million. The tower was designed by Saudi Diyar Consultants. The Construction Management Service is by MIDRAR. The Lamar company is the main developer of the project and Drake & Scull Construction are the main contractors for this landmark development.
"Lamar" means liquid gold in Arabic, which describes the reflection of the golden glass in the waters of the gulf.
Description.
The Lamar Towers will include the following: 
Owners.
Drake & Scull International is carrying out the MEP works, with KASKTAS Arabia responsible for the piling, shoring, grouting, soil improvement and dewatering works. The architectural and engineering concept and schematic design for Lamar Towers was undertaken by RMJM Dubai.
The main contract was awarded originally to Arabian Construction Company in October 2008, but it was reportedly subsequently reawarded to Arabtec in May 2009 by developer Cayan Investment & Development, according to Arab News. The project was then handed over to UAE based general contractor Drake & Scull Construction, part of the Drake & Scull International PJSC group.

</doc>
<doc id="9770639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770639" title="Järntorgsgatan">
Järntorgsgatan

Järntorgsgatan (Swedish: "Iron Square's Street") is a street in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching south from the square Järntorget to Slussplan, it is intercepted by Norra Dryckesgränd and Södra Dryckesgränd and forms a parallel street to Triewaldsgränd and Skeppsbron.
History.
Until the 14th century the waterfront passed right through the present square, and subsequently the present street didn't exist. Since then, land elevation and land filling have expanded the radius of the old town with some hundred metres. While the present name of the square is documented from 1489 when the open space was used to store and handle iron delivered from the Lake Mälaren region, the name of the street first appears in historical records in 1685 as "Jerntorgs gatun".
The street used to be the main approach to the city from Södermalm, and it was accordingly called "Stora gatan" ("Big Street"). A now closed alley, the location and extent of which is documented in great detail, used to pass in parallel to the street through the blocks on its eastern side. (See ref, page 19.)

</doc>
<doc id="9770664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770664" title="Union of Progressive Forces">
Union of Progressive Forces

Union of Progressive Forces can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9770681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770681" title="Wortham, Suffolk">
Wortham, Suffolk

Wortham is a village and parish in Suffolk, England.
Its church, St Mary The Virgin, lies about a mile north of the village. It is one of thirty-eight existing round-tower churches in Suffolk. It has the largest round tower by diameter in England.
Diss is the nearest railway station.
History.
In the time of Edward the Confessor Wortham consisted of two parishes, each with its own church and parsonage. They had of glebe between them and a combined value of 7 shillings.
After the Norman Conquest there were still two parishes, corresponding to the two Norman manors: Southmoor, held by the Abbots of Bury, and Eastgate (Wortham Hall) held by the Barons of Rye.
In 1769 the parishes were combined under William Evans, Rector of Eastgate. The Saxon church in Southmoor disappeared and was never rebuilt, although the Rectory remained until 1785. A faculty was granted by the Bishop of Norwich to Rowland Holt (Patron) and Henry Patterson (Rector) for "taking down and excusing the rebuilding of one of the parsonages belonging to the Rectory of Wortham Edward w. Jervis annexed." This parsonage was stated to be above a mile from the church and built of stud and claywork and covered with a thatch.
Wortham was the family seat of the Betts family, as cronicled by K. F. Doughty in "The Betts of Wortham in Suffolk - 1480-1905" published in 1912 by John Lane Co.
described in more detail at www.ancestry.com
Home to the author Richard Cobbold between 1825 and 1877. In addition to his famous story of Margaret Catchpole, he published (1860) "The Biography Of A Victorian Village - Wortham" which contained a series of drawings and character details of various members of the community during the mid-Victorian period. A useful source for genealogists.
The local public house is The Dolphin Inn

</doc>
<doc id="9770717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770717" title="WBSM">
WBSM

WBSM is an AM radio station broadcasting in the New Bedford/Fall River market area with a News/Talk/Sports format. It broadcasts on 1420 kilocycles and is under ownership of Townsquare Media, with studios in Fairhaven shared with WFHN/Fun 107.
News and Weather.
WBSM has a seven-person news team directed by Jim Phillips. Anchors and reporters are Phillips, Jack Peterson, Jay Rogers, Jim Marshall, Taylor Cormier, Matt Camara and Greg Desrosiers. The station is an affiliate of ABC News Radio for national and world news. Local weather reports are provided by AccuWeather.
Talk and Sports.
Local personalities include Pete Braley, Neal White, Phil Paleologos and Taylor Cormier. Tim Weisberg, a sports writer for the Standard-Times (New Bedford) newspaper, hosts a Saturday morning talk show and "Spooky Southcoast "on Saturday nights, the latter gaining a cult following among paranormal fans. Syndicated programs include First Light, The Stephanie Miller Show, Thom Hartmann and Jim Bohannon.
The station broadcasts Boston Red Sox, New England Patriots and Boston Bruins games.

</doc>
<doc id="9770728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770728" title="Riskware">
Riskware

Riskware is a portmanteau of "risk" and "software" to describe software whose installation and execution presents a possible but not definite risk for the computer. Relatively normal programs can often fall into the category of riskware as some applications can be modified for another purpose and used against the computer user or owner. 
Riskware can be executed and misused by malware and will be noticed by antivirus software in certain cases. Kaspersky Anti-Virus, for example, classifies popular software like mIRC and Vista Transformation Pack as riskware. These programs are not spyware or malware by themselves, but contain identified loopholes that can be exploited by malicious programs with relative ease as they usually require access to critical system resources to function properly. Riskware can include programs for remote administration, IRC clients, Ftp software, and other software that can be used to change or access settings or files on a computer remotely, or communicate with malware that is already installed.

</doc>
<doc id="9770753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770753" title="Fred Hall (musician)">
Fred Hall (musician)

Fred Hall (actual name Fred Arthur Ahl, 1898–1954) was an American pianist, bandleader and composer. Hall was born in New York and began his musical career working as a song-plugger for various music publishers. As a bandleader Hall and his men from recorded prolifically for many labels (see below) from 1925 onwards. Many recordings featured vocalist Arthur Fields with whom Hall enjoyed a lengthy partnership, co-writing several songs, the better known ones including "Eleven More Months And Ten More Days" and "I Got A Code In My Dose". Hall and Fields also appeared together on the NBC radio show "The Sunday Driver".
Notable musicians in Hall's band included trumpeters Mike Mosiello and Leo McConville. Apart from playing piano, conducting and composing Hall sometimes performed scat singing on his records. A selection of Hall's recorded work has been reissued on CD by The Old Masters label.
Hall made his last recordings in 1932, after which little is known of him. It is recorded that he joined ASCAP in 1939. He died in New York on October 6, 1954 at the age of 56.
Band names used on records.
Hall's records were issued under a variety of names (including pseudonyms). Discographer Brian Rust reports the following:
There were also several Hall recordings issued anonymously on Grey Gull and related labels. The records issued on the Harmony, Diva and Velvet Tone labels as "Jerome Conrad and His Orchestra" were also earlier ascribed to Hall by Rust, but has in later editions been revised as being by a Harry Reser group.
Hall also recorded and broadcast with Fields as a country ensemble called Rex Cole's Mountaineers.

</doc>
<doc id="9770754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770754" title="Alfred Lauck Parson">
Alfred Lauck Parson

Alfred Lauck Parson (1889–1970) was a British chemist and physicist, whose "magneton theory" of the atom contributed to the history of chemistry.
Biography.
Born in Lucknow, India to Rev. Joseph & Sarah Jane (Lauck) Parson, Alfred received his BS in chemistry from Oxford University. Between 1913 and 1915 he was a visiting graduate student at Harvard and the University of California, Berkeley, where coincidentally Gilbert N. Lewis was working as the chair of the department of chemistry. During these years, Lewis read a paper by Parson, which argued that the electron, in the Bohr model, might be a ring of negative electricity spinning with a high velocity about its axis and that a chemical bond results from two electrons being shared between two atoms. Parson published the final draft of his theory in 1915. Stimulated by this paper, Lewis published his famous 1916 article "The Atom and the Molecule", in which a chemical bond forms owing to the sharing of pairs of electrons. Several other physicists of the time, including Arthur H. Compton, Clinton Davisson, Lars O. Grondahl, David L. Webster, and H. Stanley Allen, developed Parson's ideas further using a toroidal ring model for the atom.
Parson himself returned to England, where he served in World War I. Suffering from severe shell shock, he did not pursue an academic career, but years later published papers and books on astronomy and related topics. He died 1970 in Allonby, England.
Scientific Contributions.
The Parson magneton, also known as the "magnetic electron," was a hypothetical object in atomic physics suggested by Parson in 1915: an electron ring that generates a magnetic field. Parson's model of the atom inspired several other toroidal ring models.

</doc>
<doc id="9770775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770775" title="Camberley Theatre">
Camberley Theatre

The Camberley Theatre is a theatre in the town of Camberley, Surrey. The theatre is owned and managed by Surrey Heath Borough Council and the venue offers a variety of arts and entertainment.
The arts venue/receiving house comprises a 408 seat auditorium, conference rooms, studio theatre and multi-media editing suite. The programme of the theatre includes music concerts, contemporary and classical drama, comedy, an annual professional pantomime and cinema programme. The theatre is also widely used by local non-professional arts groups, dance schools and community organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="9770806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770806" title="29th Ohio Infantry">
29th Ohio Infantry

The 29th Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 29th OVI) was a volunteer infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Raised in the northeastern part of the state of Ohio, the 29th served with distinction in several battles of the Atlanta Campaign.
The regiment was organized from August 14, 1861, through March 13, 1862, at Jefferson, Ohio, by famed statesman Joshua Reed Giddings. Mustered into the army to serve three years, the 29th OVI was composed primarily of recruits from Northeastern Ohio counties. Col. Louis P. Buckley served as the first regimental commander.
The 29th served for some time in the defenses of Winchester, Virginia, and participated in the battles of Port Republic, Cedar Mountain, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, Davis' Cross Roads, New Hope Church, Dallas, Pine Knob, Peachtree Creek and during the Carolinas Campaign.
On the expiration of its three-year term of service, the surviving original members were mustered out, and the organization, composed of veterans and recruits, remained in service until July 13, 1865, when it was mustered out in Cleveland accordance with orders from the War Department.
The 29th OVI had a total of 1,529 members during the war, of whom 540 were either killed, wounded or missing in action.

</doc>
<doc id="9770828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770828" title="Leonard Medal">
Leonard Medal

The Leonard Medal honors outstanding contributions to the science of meteoritics and closely allied fields. It is awarded by the Meteoritical Society. It was established in 1962 to honor the first President of the Society, Frederick C. Leonard.

</doc>
<doc id="9770836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770836" title="Ziad Boutros">
Ziad Boutros

Ziad Boutros is a Lebanese composer. He is also the brother of Lebanese singer Julia Boutros, and composes most of her songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9770839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770839" title="Lowry Cole, 4th Earl of Enniskillen">
Lowry Cole, 4th Earl of Enniskillen

The Rt. Hon. Lowry Egerton Cole, 4th Earl of Enniskillen, KP (21 December 1845 – 28 April 1924), styled Viscount Cole from 1850 to 1886, was an Irish peer and Conservative Member of Parliament.
Background.
Cole was the second – but eldest surviving – son of William Willoughby Cole, 3rd Earl of Enniskillen and his wife, Jane Casamaijor.
Political career.
As Lord Cole, he was appointed High Sheriff of Fermanagh for 1870 and then elected to the House of Commons for Enniskillen in 1880, a seat he held until 1885 when the constituency was abolished. The following year he succeeded his father as fourth Earl of Enniskillen and entered the House of Lords. In 1902 he was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick.
Personal life.
Lord Enniskillen married Charlotte Marion Baird, daughter of wealthy Scottish businessman Douglas Baird and his wife Charlotte Acton, in 1869. The following year he was cited as one of two co-respondents in the case for divorce brought by Sir Charles Mordaunt, 10th Bt., a former M.P., against his wife, Harriet, in which Prince Albert Edward, The Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII), was called to give evidence. The divorce was denied as Lady Mordaunt was judged to be insane, but was finally granted in 1875 when Cole did not contest the claim that he was the father of Lady Mordaunt's daughter, Violet (1869–1928), later Marchioness of Bath. Lord Enniskillen died in April 1924, aged 78, and was succeeded in his titles by his second — but eldest surviving — son John. Lady Enniskillen died in 1937.
The third son of Lord Enniskillen was The Hon. Galbraith Lowry Egerton Cole (1881–1929), a pioneer settler (1905) of the East Africa Protectorate. His Kekopey Ranch on Lake Elementaita, Kenya, where he is buried, is preserved today as the Lake Elementaita Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="9770842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770842" title="B. S. Kesavan">
B. S. Kesavan

Bellary Shamanna Kesavan is the first National Librarian of independent India. He is also known as "Father of Indian National Bibliography" as it was first brought out in its leadership on August 15, 1958. Later, he became the first Director of the Indian National Scientific Documentation Centre (INSDOC) at New Delhi. In recognition of his great service to the nation, the Government of India honoured him with Padma Shri. He died on February 16, 2000, at the age of 91.
Education.
After graduating from the University of Mysore, he proceeded to England and obtained his Masters degree in English Literature and Diploma in Library Science, both from the University of London.
Career.
He began his career as a teacher of English in the University of Mysore and served there for several years. He also worked as Assistant Secretary (Editorial) of Council for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR) and Curator at Central Bureau of Education. As a National Librarian, he contributed enormously to the building up of the Library, launching of Indian National Bibliography, and nurturing of the Central Reference Library as Librarian-in-Charge.
His achievements in INSDOC is also no less outstanding which include among others the starting of "Indian Science Abstracts", and Associateship in Documentation and Reprography course, publication of several union catalogues of scientific serials, and "Directory of Scientific Research Institutions in India".
Positions held.
He was the head of the National Library of India for two terms, from 1948 to 1963 and from 1970 to 1971. In addition, he held many posts of international and national bodies such as Vice President of International Federation for Information and Documentation (FID), President of Indian Library Association (ILA) and member of numerous committees.
Publications.
He has to his credit a number of publications, of which the prominent are "History of Printing and Publishing in India" in 3 volumes and "The Book In India: A Compilation".
Kesavan Institute of Information and Knowledge Management (KIIKM).
A charitable trust namely, Kesavan Institute of
Information and Knowledge Management (KIIKM) has been formed in memory of him at Secunderabad.

</doc>
<doc id="9770844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770844" title="Madison Avenue Line">
Madison Avenue Line

Madison Avenue Line refers to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9770856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770856" title="Florin Cernat">
Florin Cernat

Florin Lucian Cernat (born 10 March 1980 in Galaţi) is a Romanian football midfielder and playmaker. He is known for his excellent passing play, great vision on field, and highly precise free-kicks and dribbling.
Club career.
Dinamo Bucharest.
Florin Cernat started his professional career at Oţelul Galaţi. In 2000 he was noticed by Romanian giants, Dinamo Bucharest.
Dinamo ended up buying him. The rising star was played most of the entire 2000-01 season, appearing for 25 out of 30 league matches. He helped the team finish 2nd in the league and qualify for the UEFA Cup. Cernat also participated in the team's UEFA Champions League 2000-01 campaign, which ended prematurely in the second round.
Dynamo Kyiv.
During that period, Dynamo Kyiv's coach, Valeriy Lobanovskiy was looking for players to replace the stars that he had recently sold. This included Andriy Shevchenko and Kakha Kaladze to AC Milan, Serhiy Rebrov to Tottenham Hotspur, and Oleh Luzhny to Arsenal F.C.. In July 2001 Cernat transferred to Dynamo Kyiv, where he contributed to the team and won many titles.
Returning from loan to Dynamo, Cernat was rarely able to prove himself under new coach Yuri Semin. On Wednesday 24 December 2008, Cernat announced that he has been in Kyiv for 8 years and will leave in the summer.
One of the most notable games for Dynamo occurred in 2004-2005 Champion League season, Group Stage game 2 (28 September 2004) against Bayer Leverkusen. Cernat came off as a substitute and scored 3rd and 4th goals for Dynamo, earning a historical 4-2 victory on Olympiskiy stadium.
Hajduk Split.
With new coach Anatoliy Demyanenko in 2005, Florin Cernat came out of favour with the coach and rarely saw the field. For the 2007-08 season, Demyanenko loaned him off to the Croatian Premier League club Hajduk Split for a transfer fee of 312,000 £. There, his team earned second place in the Croatian Cup 2007-08, losing in the final to Dinamo Zagreb.
After the completion of the Ukrainian Premier League 2008-09 season Cernat signed new deal with his former club Hajduk Split.
Kardemir Karabükspor.
In August 2010 he signed a five-year deal with Turkish club Kardemir Karabükspor.
Çaykur Rizespor.
In March 2013 he signed for newcomers Çaykur Rizespor. He immediately was given the number 10 and was awarded the captainship. At Rize he's still known as one of the footballers with great vision on the field. With Çaykur Rizespor he's battling against relegation in the Turkish Süper Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="9770860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770860" title="Alexeni">
Alexeni

Alexeni is a commune in Ialomiţa County, Romania, some 65 km north-east of Bucharest, near the town of Urziceni. It is composed of a single village, Alexeni.
Until 2001 a Romanian Air Force military helicopters unit was located at the nearby airfield.In 2007, as the airfield was not used by the Romanian Air Force anylonger, the former Minister of Transport Radu Berceanu suggested to use the location for Bucharest's new low-cost flights airport(as the operational tariffs for Bucharest's previous low-cost hub, Aurel Vlaicu Airport, were set to grow). However, some analysts considered the project unrealistic and doomed to fail due to the poor conditions of the infrastructure in the area. Eventually those plans were abandoned and all low-cost flights were moved in March 2012 at Bucharest main airport Henri Coandă International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9770864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770864" title="Knepp Castle">
Knepp Castle

The medieval Knepp Castle is to the west of the village of West Grinstead, West Sussex, England near the River Adur and the A24 (). The name is though to come from the Old English word "cnæp", referring to the mound on which it stands.
The castle was originally a motte and bailey fortress, built in the 12th century by William de Braose. It was rebuilt as a stone castle with a two-storey keep in 1214 by King John. In addition to John the castle had a succession of royal visitors, including Henry III in 1218, Edward II in 1324 and Richard II in 1384. Subsequently it fell into decline and deteriorated. The bulk of it had been destroyed by the 1720s. In the early 19th century the remnants were reinforced and fenced in by Sir Charles Burrell to protect them from further deterioration. 
The castle stands on an oval mound, modelled from a natural feature, surrounded by a ditch and ramparts. The ditch, fed from a nearby pond, formed a moat which still contained water at the beginning of the eighteenth century.
The surviving remains of the castle consist of a single wall 11 metres high, 9.5 metres long, and 2.5 metres thick, with a doorway and another opening above it. This wall apparently formed the north end of the west wall of a tower or keep. 
The name Knepp Castle is also applied to the castellated Gothick mansion built nearby in the early nineteenth century by Sir Charles Merrick Burrell, to the designs of John Nash.

</doc>
<doc id="9770869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770869" title="Tripuri calendar">
Tripuri calendar

The Tripuri calendar is the traditional calendar used by the Tripuri people, especially in the context of Tripuri irredentism. Its era, the "Twipra Era", "Tripura Era" or "Tripurabda" is set at 15 April AD 590, significantly just ahead (by three years) of the "Bangabda" or Bengali Era. 
Historically, the Tripura Era was prevalent in all official matters of the princely state of Tippera under the British Raj. Tradition holds that the era marks the conquest of Bengal by the 118th Tripuri king in the "Rajmala" chronicle, Hamtor Fa (also "Jujaru Fa" or "Himti" or "Birraj"). In historical reality, however, the Tripuri era, just as the Bengali era, is an adoption of the Mughal "Fasli" era introduced by emperor Akbar in 1563. Its use in Tripura (Twipra) can be traced to the 163th king in Tripuri reckoning, "Govindamanikya" (fl. 1660), and the characteristic shift by three years is first recorded under his successor, "Chhatramanikya" in 1663/4, who can thus be considered to have introduced the "Tripuri calendar".
With the accession of Tripura to the Republic of India in 1949, official use of the Tripuri calendar was discontinued.
There have long been calls to revive the Tripuri calendar in Tripuri nationalism. In 1991, the Tripuri era was first cited in the State Government calendar and diaries. In 2001, the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) authorities organized a three-day "Tring festival", which concluded at the TTAADC headquarters Khumulwng in West Tripura. 

</doc>
<doc id="9770880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770880" title="Siege of Bouchain">
Siege of Bouchain

The Siege of Bouchain (9 August – 12 September 1711), following the Passage of the Lines of "Ne Plus Ultra" (5 August 1711), was a siege of the War of the Spanish Succession, and the last major victory of John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. Marlborough broke through the French defensive lines and took Bouchain after a siege of 34 days. Its capture left Cambrai the only French-held fortress between the allied army and Paris.
Prelude.
Throughout the early summer of 1711 Marlborough's army, having taken the important fortress of Douai the previous year, manoeuvred indecisively in northern France, blocked by the French Lines of Ne Plus Ultra – a massive series of fieldworks stretching from the Channel coast to the Ardennes at Namur. The allied army had been weakened by the withdrawal of Prince Eugene's army to cover the upper Rhine, as the deposed Elector of Bavaria attempted to take advantage of the disruption caused by the death of the Emperor Joseph. On 6 July, Marlborough captured the small fortress of Arleux, just to the north of the Lines, west of Bouchain, both to deny its use to the French as a sally-port, and to secure the water supply to Douai, which could be cut off by damming the canal that supplied the town. The Duke was then wrong-footed by Villars as the French army crossed the Lines on 22/23 July and retook Arleux, with the allied army too far to the west to intervene in time, and the defences were levelled before the French retreated back across the Lines. Marlborough, initially furious, soon retook the initiative by marching his army as if to assault the Lines near Arras, and carrying out a detailed personal reconnaissance there on 4 August in full view of Villars' covering army. That night the army struck camp, leaving their campfires burning to deceive the French, and marched eastwards to Arleux. At midnight a force from Douai under Cadogan crossed the unguarded French lines, and by 8 am the advance guard of the main army was also crossing over. Villars, arriving on the scene with a few hundred cavalry, realised he had been outmanoeuvred, and though he attempted to offer battle in front of Bourlon Wood, Marlborough declined to attack, the Marshal's position being even stronger than the one in which he had given Marlborough's army such a mauling two years earlier at Malplaquet. He thus drew off and attempted to hinder Marlborough's siege of Bouchain which followed.
The Siege.
To defend the town Bouchain's governor, de Ravignau, had some 5,000 men against Marlborough's besieging army of 30,000, and the advantage of one of the strongest fortresses left to France, surrounded by the marshy land of the confluence of the rivers Scheldt and Sensée. In addition, Villars' strong army had taken up position to the west of the allied camp, and had managed to open a tenuous link to the besieged garrison. Marlborough responded by using earthwork gun batteries to counter Villars, used a crack assault force managed by 18 August to once more cut the Marshal's communication with Bouchain, and established a fieldwork-protected corridor from the siege camp to his main supply port at Marchiennes on the Scarpe. Frequent raids by Villars on both the supply convoys on the Scarpe, and towards Douai, failed to interrupt the siege, and the garrison marched out to become prisoners of war on 13 September 1711.
Aftermath.
Bouchain was Marlborough's last campaign. On the last day of the year he was stripped of his position as Captain-General, and of all his other offices. Command of the army on the continent for the campaign of 1712 was given to the Duke of Ormonde, and strict limitations were placed on his freedom of movement. Particularly he was prohibited from engaging the French in battle, as Anglo-French peace talks were well advanced, and the opportunity of seizing Cambrai and marching on Paris, opened by Marlborough's gains the year before, was abandoned. Before the year was out, the British army would withdraw from the alliance, leaving the remaining allies, under Eugene of Savoy to be defeated at Denain.
Representation in Art.
The Siege of Bouchain may be represented in this painting, of the Flemish school:http://www.bigli.com/assets/images/quadri/assedio_1_596G.jpg.
Bibliography.
Chandler, D. G.: "Marlborough as Military Commander", (Spellmount, Staplehurst, 2003)<br>
Hussey, J.: "Marlborough: Hero of Blenheim", (Weidenfeld & Nicolson, London, 2004)

</doc>
<doc id="9770888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770888" title="Chimalpilli I">
Chimalpilli I

Chimalpilli I was a "tlatoani" (ruler) of the Aztec "altepetl" (city-state) of Ecatepec from 1428 until his death in 1465. He was the first known historical king of that city.
He was also known as Huehue Chimalpilli.
There was also Chimalpilli II.
Biography.
Chimalpilli was a son of Chichimecacihuatzin II. Her father was an Aztec emperor Moctezuma I and her mother was queen Chichimecacihuatzin I.
His father was Huehue Huanitzin, a "great leader" of Itztapalapan.
His successor was Tezozomoc, son of Emperor Chimalpopoca.
Family tree.
Chimalpilli had a son called Matlaccoatzin, and he is sometimes called a king.

</doc>
<doc id="9770927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9770927" title="Depth (ring theory)">
Depth (ring theory)

In commutative and homological algebra, depth is an important invariant of rings and modules. Although depth can be defined more generally, the most common case considered is the case of modules over a commutative Noetherian local ring. In this case, the depth of a module is related with its projective dimension by the Auslander–Buchsbaum formula. A more elementary property of depth is the inequality 
where dim "M" denotes the Krull dimension of the module "M". Depth is used to define classes of rings and modules with good properties, for example, Cohen-Macaulay rings and modules, for which equality holds.
Definition.
Let "R" be a commutative Noetherian ring, "I" an ideal of "R" and "M" a finite "R"-module with the property that "IM" is properly contained in "M". Then the "I"-depth of "M", also commonly called the grade of "M", is defined as 
By definition, the depth of a ring "R" is its depth as a module over itself.
By a theorem of David Rees, the depth can also be characterized using the notion of a regular sequence.
Theorem (Rees).
Suppose that "R" is a commutative Noetherian local ring with the maximal ideal formula_3 and "M" is a finitely generated "R"-module. Then all maximal regular sequences "x""1"..., "x""n" for "M", where each "x""i" belongs to formula_3, have the same length "n" equal to the formula_3-depth of "M".
Depth and projective dimension.
The projective dimension and the depth of a module over a commutative Noetherian local ring are complementary to each other. This is the content of the Auslander–Buchsbaum formula, which is not only of the fundamental theoretical importance, but also provides an effective way to compute the depth of a module. 
Suppose that "R" is a commutative Noetherian local ring with the maximal ideal formula_3 and "M" is a finitely generated "R"-module. If the projective dimension of "M" is finite, then the Auslander–Buchsbaum formula states
Depth zero rings.
A commutative Noetherian local ring "R" has depth zero if and only if its maximal ideal formula_3 is an associated prime, or, equivalently, when there is a nonzero element "x" of "R" such that formula_9 (that is, "x" annihilates formula_3). This means, essentially, that the closed point is an embedded component.
For example, the ring formula_11 (where "k" is a field), which represents a line (formula_12) with an embedded double point at the origin, has depth zero at the origin, but dimension one: this gives an example of a ring which is not Cohen–Macaulay.

</doc>
<doc id="9771000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771000" title="George Tolhurst">
George Tolhurst

George Tolhurst (182718 January 1877) was an English composer, resident from 1852 to 1866 in Australia.
Born in Maidstone, Kent, George emigrated to Melbourne with his father, where he practised as a teacher of music. He returned to England in 1866, and died in Barnstaple in 1877. His one large-scale composition, the oratorio "Ruth", was first performed in Prahran in Melbourne in 1864, and repeated in London in 1868. Tolhurst is therefore notable as the composer of the first oratorio composed in the colony of Victoria. Though well received by early audiences, "Ruth" was generally derided for bathos and technical ineptitude in the musical press, and by the early 20th century was generally regarded as the worst oratorio ever composed. It was revived in a re-orchestrated and abridged version at the Royal Albert Hall, London in 1973, conducted by Antony Hopkins.
Bibliography.
Royston Gustavson, "Tolhurst, George"; "Ruth", in Warren Bebbington, ed., "The Oxford Companion to Australian Music" (Melbourne : Oxford University Press, 1997) ISBN 0-19-553432-8

</doc>
<doc id="9771004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771004" title="Jordu">
Jordu

"Jordu" is a jazz standard written by Irving "Duke" Jordan in 1953. This song was first made popular by Clifford Brown and Max Roach, but many other jazz musicians have performed or recorded renditions of it, including Stan Getz, Chet Baker, and Charlie Byrd.
It has a traditional AABA jazz form. The A section is composed of two measure patterns, the first being a non-chordal pick-up measure in which the lead player starts a phrase on the "and" of beat 1 and leads right into the second half of the two measure phrase in which the rhythm players and the lead players both hit on 1, 3, and the "and" of 4. The B section is a circle of fifths pattern built on dominant seventh chords. The ending of the song contains a vamp on the last two bars of the A section followed by an alteration of the initial pickup measure ending on a minor-major seventh chord.
Floyd Cramer performed the song on the organ on his 1962 album "Floyd Cramer Gets Organized" in which one half of the album was piano and the other half organ.
Lyrics for this song were written by Karrin Allyson with the title "Life is a groove". She recorded it on her 2006 "Footprints" CD as a duet with Nancy King. 
Another vocal version was recorded by Ann Richards with the title "Where Did You Go?" which she included on her "The Many Moods of Ann Richards/Two Much" 2004 compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="9771019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771019" title="MiWadi">
MiWadi

MiWadi is an Irish soft drink brand owned by Britvic, and formerly by Cantrell and Cochrane (C&C), bottled in Dublin, Cork and Belfast.
Its name comes from the initial letters of C&C's predecessor company, Mineral Water Distributors, which was formed in 1927.[http://www.candcgroupplc.com/group_drinks.asp#Mi-Wadi] The range includes blackcurrant, lemon, lime, and orange & pineapple fruit squashes, with additional flavours produced on a seasonal basis, such as peppermint, and clove.
The slogan of MiWadi is "It's not your Wadi, it's MiWadi", seen on MiWadi bottles and commercials. The drink suffered declining sales during the 1990s, occupying only 16.4% of the market share by 1995 but as of 2005 it accounted for 37% of fruit squash sold in the Irish market.[http://www.cantrell.ie/our_brands/range_miwadi.htm.

</doc>
<doc id="9771023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771023" title="Suehiro Tanemura">
Suehiro Tanemura

Tanemura was born in Toshima, Tokyo in 1933. His mother died in 1946. He became interested in German while still a teenager, and entered the University of Tokyo in 1951. He first majored in aesthetics but switched to German literature, graduating in 1957 and for a short time thereafter working in Kōbunsha in editing the women's magazine "Josei Jishin."
From 1963 until 1968, Tanemura taught as an adjunct lecturer at Komazawa University. In 1968 he obtained a tenured post at Tokyo Metropolitan University, but he resigned in 1971 and went to Europe, where he spent much time until 1978, when he took another tenured post at Kokugakuin University, where he would teach until December 2002. At around this time he was diagnosed with cancer, from which he died in 2004.
Tanemura was a prolific translator from German, writer and anthologizer of others' writings, with a certain tendency toward rather lurid subjects such as vampires and Sacher-Masoch. His own writings were first collected in a ten-volume set in 1979; two decades later this was supplemented by an eight-volume set.

</doc>
<doc id="9771037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771037" title="Adidas F50">
Adidas F50

The Adidas F50 range of football boots is Adidas's signature line of lightweight boots. First released in 2004, in the build-up to UEFA Euro 2004, the range was released as a successor of the X-Line range and as a direct competitor to Nike's Mercurial Vapor range,and also Puma Evospeed. The name F50 (Football 50) is a reference to the year 1954 when the West German national team won the World Cup in revolutionary Adidas boots with exchangeable studs. Adidas decided to mark this occasion with another revolutionary boot exactly 50 years after the event in 2004. Lionel Messi, Lukas Podolski, Diego Costa, Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema, Jordi Alba, Marcelo, Luis Suarez, and David Villa are the famous player wearing the boots.
Original F50.
The first F50 was designed by Klaus Tomczak in collaboration with the Adidas Innovation Team (a.i.T). It was noted for its high degree of customisability with three different sockliners, innovative lacing system and lacecover, striking graphic and the material mix of kangaroo leather and reinforced mesh. The design was recognised with the prestigious Red Dot Design award, being chosen as the best product in the Sports & Leisure category. The F50 boot incorporated the innovative “Fusion Frame System” technology. This technology gave players the possibility to individually determine the feel and the performance of their shoes, both according to the conditions during a game and according to their personal playing style. The concept of the shoe provided a boot and three different chassis. Each chassis consists of a special mixture of polymer that adapts in performance and character to the player. The chassis are light for easy speeding up and sprinting. The upper of the F50 is made of comfortable leather and “Engineered Mesh,” a mesh material, offering slim supporting elements for optimised fit as well as stability with very little weight. A covered quick lacing and “single pull system” makes the footwear fit perfectly around the foot. It is the design of a lateral/medial stabiliser and a narrow heel cap that gives necessary stability to the shoe. An innovative X-Traxion “clip in” function facilitates fast exchanging of the lugs for performance with a system.
The F50+ was a 2005 update designed by Rob Cook with a very distinctive "Spiderman" design. The lacing system was more user friendly and the TPU cage improved stability and durability of the mesh. The design had a totally smooth "sock-like" forefoot area for kicking, and was lightweight. The inspiration for the pattern on the outsole came from similar patterns in architecture that use cables and grids. For the boots, it provided a minimal way of creating flexible, lightweight and great fitting support for the players.
+F50.6 TUNIT.
The +F50.6 TUNIT is the version that was designed & developed by Matthias Bieling for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. They are the second generation of the F50 with significantly different design and performance. They featured the revolutionary TUNIT technology for the first time and were specially designed for different playing surfaces. These F50s had an even higher degree of customisability than the first generation. They came with three sets of studs: short studs for hard ground, normal studs for firm ground and the long studs for soft ground. The chassis could be switched around between "light weight", "comfort" and "performance". The uppers could be switched around to better suit the player. The studs, uppers and chassis' can all be purchased separately. This feature makes it easy to repair and upgrade the boots. Special uppers are made for the certain weather conditions, including "ClimaCool" uppers for hot weather and "ClimaWarm" for cold weather. There are also full-grain leather uppers for a more traditional touch and feel. The +F50.7 TUNIT was a 2007 update with a different graphic design, lacecover and a sleeker silhouette.
+F50.8.
The F50.8 TUNIT was released for UEFA Euro 2008. The most distinctive feature is the translucent heel and sole also known as the "Alles Klar" technology. This improves the fit and stability as well as simplifying the boot making it more lightweight than previous generations.
+F50.9.
The F50.9 TUNIT was released on 1 November 2008 and was designed by Sonny Lim. The lacecover was welded on the upper in process that is similar the Adidas Teamgeist ball. This seamless lace cover was supposed to provide an optimal fit and a clean kicking surface. It also featured an engineered lightweight microfiber synthetic AdiGrip upper for a soft, glove-like fit & improved ball touch in wet conditions, and an advanced synthetic lining to keep the feet comfortable throughout the entire game.
F50i.
The F50i TUNIT was released in of 2009. F50i are the newest installment, released in late May. The first twocolour options are cyan, running white, black, as well as a running white, black.
F50 adiZero.
On 1 February 2010, Adidas launched the F50 adiZero. Their main focus was speed, and the boot's synthetic version weighs 165g (or 5.8oz) with the leather version weighing 175g (or 6.2oz). The launch colourways were: Black/Sun, Sun/Black/Gold and Chameleon Purple, and each colorway came in a Leather and Synthetic version. There is no more TUNiT system on this boot which was used in the past 5 models, although there is a hybrid version which is similar to the TUNiT system. Diego Forlán debuted the boots on field in the Europa League Final against Fulham, where he scored both Atletico's goals in their 2-1 AET win.
F50 adiZero Prime.
The adizero prime is known as adidas' most lightweight shoe ever, weighing at 145 grams (5.2oz) of single layer synthetic material.
F50 adiZero mi-Coach.
The F50 adiZero mi-Coach was first released in late 2011 and it features the new mi-Coach match analysis technology which gives you feedback on your performance. The boot was marketed as a "football boot with a brain." Mi-Coach is a three part system including a stride sensor, a heart monitor and a receiver. It is essentially the ultimate digital training tool letting you track and upload performance data including speed, maximum speed, number of sprints, distance, distance at high intensity levels and time.
F50 adiZero miCoach II.
The F50 adiZero mi-Coach was first released in December 2012 and it features the successful mi-Coach match analysis technology as with the previous adiZero generation. The boots major feature is the engineered 1.5mm thick SPRINTSKIN upper which delivers supreme touch, control and comfort. The synthetic boot weighs 165 grams and the leather edition weighs 236 grams. A textured SPRINTWEB on the boot aims to give additional control, sorting out a problem area for synthetic boots. The SPRINTFRAME adds superior traction and grip.
F50 adiZero miCoach III Messi Edition 2013.
Adidas are capitalizing on their lead icon and bringing fans even closer to Leo Messi, by launching a new signature adizero f50 Messi boot. The look and colours are inspired by the player and add to the ongoing success of the adizero range.As the world’s best footballer continues to break records and win international accolades, adidas football have bestowed upon Leo Messi an all-new signature colourway. The f50 adizero shoes are the tools of a fearless player, agile and lightning quick, Messi rides challenges and has one ultimate aim on the pitch; to create and score goals for his team. Now fans can take a step closer to their hero with the adizero f50 Messi, part of the new Messi Collection range of boots and apparel.The Sprintskin is a 1.5mm thick layer made from DUALMAX synthetic with exclusive leather grain optic that allows the boot to be lightweight whilst maintaining a natural feeling between boot and ball, tailored for Messi’s needs. Sprintweb is the 3D printed texture on the surface of the boot that allows for exceptional ball control at speed and also provides the supple but stable construction. The final layer of boot construction is the Sprintframe, a strong but lightweight lower section that offers players a perfectly balanced boot. The new adizero f50 Messi combines revolutionary technologies and precision engineering with every aspect of the boot design based around making the wearer as fast as possible on the football field. At only 165g, the adizero f50 Messi is one of the lightest shoes on the market.
Messi has had two signature boots now from Adidas: one red and white, and the other blue/purple/red/pink that was released in 2013. These newer boots feature Adidas' Sprintweb around the bottom of the boot. On the instep, the boot features a leather like feel, while on the rest of the boot, it is purely synthetic. These boots also have a clothing collection that comes with it, such as a training jacket, shorts and more.
F50 adiZero Samba Pack.
For the 2014 World Cup, Adidas has decided to make a pack out of all their silos, and are calling it the Samba Pack. The boots are all very bright, representing the color and zest of Brazil, the hosts of the Cup. The F50 are the only silo to be released in two colorways in the Samba Pack. These are the Solar Blue/Running White/Solar Zest and the Solar Zest/Black/Blast Purple. This update to the adiZero features new SpeedTraxion studs and Speedfoil on the upper, surrounding the heel region. Another addition is a textured region on the forefoot of the upper, called Dribbletex. 
F50 Samba Primeknit.
Adidas released the first ever knitted football boot on February 27th 2014, when they introduced the Adidas Samba Primeknit. The boot is built on the same design as the F50 adiZero and features the same soleplate/stud configuration found on the F50 adiZero Samba. The one-piece upper of the boot is actually made of yarn from heel to toe, something that has been incorporated in running shoes in the past, but never in soccer shoes. The shoe combines four vibrant Samba colors in Solar Blue, Solar Zest, Blast Purple and Pink to a single yarn. Luis Suarez will be the feature player to wear the new boots.

</doc>
<doc id="9771044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771044" title="Nemo Systems">
Nemo Systems

Nemo Systems was a developer of "network memory" based in the Silicon Valley area in California. It was acquired by Cisco Systems on October 14, 2005.
History.
Nemo Systems was founded by Sundar Iyer (CTO) and Professor Nick McKeown (CEO) (both from Stanford University) in 2003 and received initial funding from angel investors, Benchmark Capital and Mohr Davidow Ventures.
Nemo Systems was a fabless semiconductor company developing network memory technology that originated from the Stanford University High Performance Networking Group.
Network memory was promoted as providing latency and transaction rate performance of SRAM technology with the density of typical DRAM. Typical applications included buffering, statistics counters and flow records.
The mathematical tools for the analysis of network memory algorithms were developed by Iyer as part of his PhD thesis at Stanford. The Nemo technology is based on five years of original research at Stanford University and then at Nemo Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9771062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771062" title="Ganesha in world religions">
Ganesha in world religions

India and Hinduism had an impact on many countries of East Asia and the Indian Subcontinent as a result of commercial and cultural contacts. Ganesha is one of many Hindu deities who reached foreign lands as a result. The worship of Ganesha by Hindus outside of India shows regional variation. The acceptance of Hindu ideas in ancient times still continue today in world religions.
Ganesha was a deity particularly worshipped by traders and merchants, who went out of India for commercial ventures. The period from approximately the tenth century onwards was marked by the development of new networks of exchange, the formation of trade guilds, and a resurgence of money circulation, and it was during this time that Ganesha became the principal deity associated with traders. The earliest inscription where Ganesha is invoked before any other deity is by the merchant community.
Jainism.
Ganesha is worshipped by most Jainas, for whom he appears to have taken over certain functions of Kubera. Jaina connections with the trading community support the idea that Jainism took up the worship of Ganesha as a result of commercial connections.
The Jaina canonical literature does not mention the cult of Ganesha. The earliest literary reference to Ganesha in Jainism is in Abhidhānacitāmani of Hemachandra (c.a. third quarter of twelfth century). It refers to several appellations of Ganesha such as Heramba, and Vinayaka and visualizes him as elephant headed, pot-bellied, bearing an axe and riding a mouse.
According to the Swetambara Jaina work, Ācāradinakara of Vardhamānasūri (c. 1412 CE), Ganapati is propitiated even by the gods to get desirable things. It is further mentioned that He is worshipped at the beginning of every auspicious ceremony and new project. This practice is still very common in the Swetambara community. The text provides procedures for the installation of Ganapati images.
The popularity is however not met with in Digambara texts. Excepting two medieval figures carved at Udayagiri and Khandagiri caves, Orissa and an early figure at Mathura, his representations are not found in any Digambara sites.
The earliest known Jaina Ganesha statue at Mathura with Jaina Yakshi Ambika(the Jaina name for Gauri). dates to about the 9th Century CE. Images of Ganesha appear in the Jaina temples of Rajasthan and Gujarat. In the tenth-century Mahavir at Ghanerav and eleventh-century temple in Osian, Rajasthan; Ganesha images are found.
Buddhism.
Ganesha also appears in Buddhism, not only in the form of the Buddhist god , but also portrayed as a Hindu deity form also called . His image may be found on Buddhist sculptures of the late Gupta period. As the Buddhist god , he is often shown dancing, a form called Nṛtta Ganapati that was popular in North India and adopted in Nepal and then into Tibet. A dancing Ganesha is evident in the Malay archipelago in the temple of Candi Sukuh.
Tibetan Buddhism.
Tibetan representations of Ganesha show ambivalent views of him. In one Tibetan form he is shown being trodden under foot by Mahākala, a popular Tibetan deity. Other depictions show him as the Destroyer of Obstacles, sometimes dancing.
"Ganapati, Maha Rakta" (Tibetan: tsog gi dag po, mar chen. English: The Great Red Lord of Hosts or Ganas) is a Tantric Buddhist form of Ganapati (Ganesha) related to the Chakrasamvara Cycle of Tantras. This form of Ganapati is regarded as an emanation of Avalokiteshvara.
"...beside a lapis lazuli rock mountain is a red lotus with eight petals, in the middle a blue rat expelling various jewels, Shri Ganapati with a body red in colour, having an elephant face with sharp white tusks and possessing three eyes, black hair tied in a topknot with a wishing-gem and a red silk ribbon [all in a bundle on the crown of the head. With twelve hands, the six right hold an axe, arrow, hook, vajra, sword and spear. The six left a pestle, bow, khatvanga, skullcup filled with blood, skullcup filled with human flesh and a shield together with a spear and banner. The peaceful right and left hands are signified by the vajra and skullcup filled with blood held to the heart. The remaining hands are displayed in a threatening manner. Wearing various silks as a lower garment and adorned with a variety of jewel ornaments, the left foot is extended in a dancing manner, standing in the middle of the bright rays of red flickering light." (Ngorchen Konchog Lhundrup, 1497–1557).
This form of Ganapati belongs to a set of three powerful deities known as the 'mar chen kor sum' or the Three Great Red Deities included in a larger set called 'The Thirteen Golden Dharmas' of Sakya. The other two deities are Kurukulle and Takkiraja.
In depictions of the six-armed protector Mahakala (Skt: Shad-bhuja Mahakala, Wylie: mGon po phyag drug pa), an elephant-headed figure usually addressed as Vinayaka is seen being trampled by the Dharma Protector, but he does not appear distressed. In Vajrayana and cognate Buddhist art, He is depicted as a subdued god trampled by Buddhist deities like Aparajita, Parnasabari and Vignataka.
The Tibetan Ganesha appears, besides bronzes, in the resplendent Thangka paintings alongside the Buddha. In ""Ganesh, studies of an Asian God"," edited by Robert L. BROWN, State University of New York Press, 1992, page 241-242, he wrote that in the Tibetan Ka'gyur tradition, it is said that the Buddha had taught the "Ganapati Hridaya Mantra" (or "Aryaganapatimantra") to disciple Ananda. The sutra in which the Buddha teaches this mantra can be found here [http://ganesha.bravehost.com/index.html].
Shingon Buddhism.
Ganesha worship was brought to Japan by early Buddhists through China. In Japan the Ganesha cult was first mentioned in 806 CE. Scholars commonly date the presence of Ganesha in Japan with the age of Kukai (774- 834), the founder of the Shingon sect of Japanese Buddhism. The centrality of the worship of Ganesha or Vinayaka or Kangiten, as he is popularly called in Japan, is a distinguishing feature of this cult. The doctrines, rituals and beliefs of the sect have a number of parallels with the cult of Ganapatya.
Also called the Deva of bliss, Ganapati is invoked both for enlightenment and for worldly gains - more for the latter than the former. Kangiten - Vinayaka is offered "bliss - buns" (made from curds, honey and parched flour), radishes, wine, and fresh fruits. The offerings are later partaken in the same spirit as Hindus take prasad.
In the Hozan-ji temple on Mt. Ikoma in Nara, Sho-ten is worshipped mainly by the merchants.In Osaka we have the biggest temple of Sho-ten named Kaishozan Shoenji Temple, where, besides devotees, a permanent priest offers prayers daily.[http://www.city.osaka.jp/abeno/english/attract/attrac08.html A special temple is consecrated to the esoteric Twin Ganesa at the Jingoji monastery of Takao where every year worship is held in his honor.[http://www.xs4all.nl/~daikoku/junrei/reijo/44-ban.htm]
Dr. Lokesh Chandra,Director,International Academy Of Indian Culture explains:
"German scholar Philipp Franz von Siebold has written that in 1832 there were 131 shrines dedicated to the goddess (Benzaiten) and 100 to Lord Ganesha in Tokyo itself.
A 12th-century temple of Ganesha in Asakusa suburb of Tokyo has been declared a national treasure of Japan."
Ganesha is worshipped as god of love by many young boys and girls for achieving success in their courtship. The old worship him for success in business.
Kangi figures.
There are more than thirty distinguishable forms of Ganesha in the Japanese iconographic tradition. 
There are several dual forms. The most typical dual form is the Embracing Kangi. In this form two tall figures with elephant heads and human bodies, male and female, stand in embrace. A new concept of Vinayaka couple both elephant-headed – a unique development in the religious history of Japan. The concept of this twin form of Ganesha (with Ganeshani) could not develop in India. There are at least three variant types of Embracing Kangi figures. Orthodox Shingon Buddhism interprets the details of all three types as sophisticated allegorical symbols. Sanford believes that these orthodox Shingon interpretations, of considerable eventual importance in Japanese worship of Ganesha, developed during the Heian period in an attempt to legitimize Ganesha as a figure in Japanese Buddhism.
Buddha as avatar of Ganesha.
Buddha appears as a name of Ganesha in the second verse of the Ganesha Purana version of the Ganesha Sahasranama. The positioning of this name at the beginning of the Ganesha Sahasranama indicates that the name was of importance to the authors of that scripture, who were Ganapatya Hindus.
Bhaskararaya's commentary on the Ganesha Sahasranama says that this name for Ganesha means that the Buddha was an incarnation (Avatar) of Ganesha. This interpretation is not widely known even among Ganapatya, and the Buddha is not mentioned in the lists of Ganesha's incarnations given in the main sections of the Ganesha Purana and Mudgala Purana. Bhaskararaya also provides a more general interpretation of this name as simply meaning that Ganesha's very form is "eternal elightenment" (), so he is named Buddha.
Southeast Asia.
Hindus spread through Maritime Southeast Asia and took their culture with them, including Ganesha, statues of whom are found throughout the region, often beside Shiva sanctuaries. The forms of Ganesha found in Hindu art of Java, Bali, and Borneo show specific regional influences. The gradual emigration of Hindus to Indochina established Ganesha in modified forms in Burma, Cambodia, and Thailand. In Indochina Hinduism and Buddhism were practiced side-by-side, and mutual influences can be seen in Ganesha iconography of that region.
In Myanmar, the King of Brahmas called Arsi, lost a wager to the King of Devas, Śakra ("Thagya Min"), who decapitated Arsi as agreed but put the head of an elephant on the Brahma's body who then became Ganesha.
In Thailand, Ganesha is called "Phra Phikanet" (พระพิฆเนศ) or "Phra Phikanesuan" (พระพิฆเนศวร) and is worshipped as the deity of fortune and success, and the remover of obstacles. He is associated with arts, education and trade. Ganesha appears in the emblem of the Department of Fine Arts [http://203.153.176.79/en/symbol.php?Submit=Clear] in Thailand. Large television channels and production companies have shrines in his honour in front of their premises. Few movies or television shows begin shooting without a Hindu ritual in which prayers and offerings are made to Ganesha.
There are shrines to Ganesha across Thailand. One of the most revered shrines is the Royal Brahmin Temple in central Bangkok by the Giant Swing, where some of the oldest images can be found. Other old Ganesha images can be seen throughout Thailand, including a 10th-century bronze image found at Phang-Na with both Tamil and Thai inscriptions. The Hindu temple "Wat Phra Sri Umadevi" in Silom also houses a Ganesha image which was transported from India in the late 19th Century.
Thai Buddhists frequently pay respect to Ganesha and other Hindu deities as a result of the overlapping Buddhist/Hindu cosmology.
He is honoured with Motaka, sweets and fruit, when business is good, and he is made ridiculous by putting his picture or statue upside down, when business is down. As lord of business and diplomacy, he sits on a high pedestal outside Bangkok's CentralWorld (formerly World Trade Center), where people offer flowers, incense and a reverential sawasdee.
With regards to Indonesia, European scholars call him the 'Indonesian God of Wisdom'. Bandung boasts a Ganesha Street. A Ganesha statue from the 1st century AD was found on the summit of Mount Raksa in Panaitan Island, the Ujung Kulon National Park, West Java. While there are not temples dedicated specifically to , he is found in every Śiva shrine throughout the islands. An 11th-century CE Ganesha statue (seen in the picture below) was found in eastern Java, Kediri is placed in The Museum of Indian Art (Museum für Indische Kunst), Berlin-Dahlem. The 9th century statue of Ganesha resides in western cella (room) of Prambanan Hindu temple.
Ganesha is also featured in reliefs from Cambodian temples.
Speculation related to Janus.
In 1806 Sir William Jones drew a close comparison between a particular form of Ganesha, known as Dwimukhi-Ganesha, and Janus, the two-headed Roman god. Jones felt the resemblance between Dwimukhi-Ganesha and Janus was so strong that he referred to Ganesha as the "Janus of India." The Dwimukhi-Ganesha form is a very unusual depiction in which Ganesha is shown with the head of an elephant looking toward his right and a human head at his left. It was possessed of four arms. Nagar says that the Dwimukhi-Ganesha form was associated with the region around Bombay.
There was no clear claim by Jones either that Ganesha was worshipped by the Romans or how Janus could have evolved from Ganesha as a prototype (or "vice versa"). Another early 19th century Indologist, Edward Moor, repeated the speculation by Jones, helping to keep the Janus idea alive. Moor expanded the claims of an association based on functional grounds, noting that Janus, like Ganesha, was invoked at the beginning of undertakings, a "liminal" god who was the guardian of gates. Moor made various other speculations on the connection between Janus and Ganesha. These fanciful connections proposed by early Indologists no longer appear in modern academic reviews of Ganesha's history. 
Ganesha is represented as having anywhere from one to five heads, so depictions with two heads are not reliable evidence of a connection with Janus. Representations of Ganesha with two heads are uncommon, and according to Nagar, textual references to the adoration of Ganesha with two heads are difficult to trace. There are no other examples of two-headed forms in which one head is human other than the Dwimukhi-Ganesha form. In the thirty-two mediation forms of Ganesha that are described in the Sritattvanidhi only one has two heads (Dwimukhi Ganapati, the Ganapati with two faces), and both of those are heads of elephants, like all the other forms described.

</doc>
<doc id="9771076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771076" title="Chimalpilli">
Chimalpilli

Chimalpilli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9771080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771080" title="Mariano De Rosa">
Mariano De Rosa

Mariano De Rosa is a film producer, film director, screenplay writer, and film editor.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
De Rosa is a graduate of Argentina's primary film school, the "Universidad del Cine."
Filmography.
Producer and director
Editor only
Producer only

</doc>
<doc id="9771084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771084" title="New Jersey Arrows">
New Jersey Arrows

The New Jersey Arrows were members of the American Lacrosse League, a short lived professional lacrosse league in 1988, that was based in Montclair, New Jersey. The Arrows played their home games at Montclair State College. The General Manager was Tim Sullivan. Charlie Wood was the head coach. Gerry Byrne, Bob Cummings, Tom Grimaldi, Mark Moore and Steve Mitchell were key players for the Arrows.

</doc>
<doc id="9771093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771093" title="2000–01 French Division 1">
2000–01 French Division 1

The 2000–01 Ligue 1 season (then called Division 1) was the 63rd since its establishment. FC Nantes won the French Association Football League with 68 points.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Division 1 season 2001/2002

</doc>
<doc id="9771111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771111" title="310th Space Wing">
310th Space Wing

The 310th Space Wing (310 SW) is an Air Reserve Component (ARC) of the United States Air Force. It is assigned to the Tenth Air Force, Air Force Reserve Command, stationed at Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado.
The 310th SW is mission partnered with the 21st Space Wing, Air Force Space Command (AFSPC), 30th Space Wing, (AFSPC), 50th Space Wing, (AFSPC) and 460th Space Wing, (AFSPC). If mobilized, the wing is gained by AFSPC.
Overview.
The 310 SW is the only space wing in the Air Force Reserve. It provides specialized expertise, continuity and combat ready personnel, projecting space power for U.S. interests worldwide.
The 310th has a long and rich heritage dating back to World War II, when it began as the 310th Bombardment Group on 15 March 1942, flying B-25 Mitchell medium bombers. In October 1942, the 310th was the first 12th Air Force group sent overseas, initially to England and then to French Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, France, and Italy where the highly decorated unit participated in the European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign. The 310th Bombardment Group was inactivated in September 1945.
The 310th Bombardment Wing was reactivated in 1952 as part of Strategic Air Command. It trained on the B-29 Superfortress before converting to the B-47 Stratojet. It was inactivated in June 1965 with the phaseout of the B-47 from the U.S. Air Force inventory.
The 310th became part of Air Force Space Command in 1991 when the 310th Training and Test Wing was activated for a short time at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif.; the 310th designator was again activated with the stand up of the 310th Space Group on 4 September 1997. The 310th Space Group was re-designated the 310th Space Wing on 7 March 2008.
The 310th Space Wing is commanded by Col. Jeffrey Mineo. Its Command Chief Master Sergeant is Chief Master Sergeant Gary L. Brown.
Subordinate units.
The wing is composed of 16 units, under the 310th Operations Group and 310th Mission Support Group, that support various military and other government organizations including, but not limited to, the Department of Commerce, Air Force Space Command, Air Combat Command, the Space Innovation and Development Center, 14th Air Force, 50th Space Wing, 21st Space Wing, and 460th Space Wing.
History.
World War II.
The unit was constituted as the 310th Bombardment Group (Medium) on 28 January 1942 and activated on 15 March 1942. Used B-25's in preparing for duty overseas.
Moved to the Mediterranean theater by single aircraft between October 1942 and March 1943 and assigned to Twelfth Air Force. Sufficient aircraft were on hand by 2 December, when it conducted its first operation against antiaircraft concentrations at Gabes, Tunisia. Engaged primarily in support and interdictory operations in Tunisia, Sicily, Italy, Corsica, Sardinia, and southern France. The 310th Bomb Group also flew some missions to Austria and Yugoslavia.
The unit attacked harbors and shipping to help defeat Axis forces in North Africa, December 1942 – May 1943. Bombed airdromes, landing grounds, and gun emplacements on Pantelleria, Lampedusa, and Sicily, May–July 1943. The unit supported the Allied landing at Salerno, September 1943. Assisted the drive toward Rome, January–June 1944.
Supported the invasion of Southern France, August 1944. Struck German communications— bridges, rail lines, marshalling yards, viaducts, tunnels, and road junctions in Italy, August 1943 – April 1945. Also dropped propaganda leaflets behind enemy lines.
The 310th Bomb Group received a Distinguished Unit Citation for a mission to Italy on 27 August 1943 when, in spite of persistent attacks by enemy interceptors and antiaircraft artillery, the group effectively bombed marshalling yards at Benevento and also destroyed a number of enemy planes. Received second DUC for another mission in Italy on 10 March 1945 when the group, maintaining a compact formation in the face of severe antiaircraft fire, bombed the railroad bridge at Ora, a vital link in the German supply line.
The 310th Bomb Group was inactivated in Italy on 12 September 1945.
The unit was redesignated the 310th Bombardment Group (Light) and allotted to the reserve. Activated in the US on 27 December 1946. Inactivated on 27 June 1949.
Cold War.
The 310th Bombardment Wing was activated in 1952 as a Strategic Air Command unit, receiving B-29 Superfortress bombardment training from 90th Bombardment Wing, April–August 1952. From February through May 1953, the 310th Bomb Wing provided bombardment training to the 40th Bombardment Wing.
Replaced the propeller-driven B-29s with new B-47E Stratojet swept-wing medium bombers in 1954, capable of flying at high subsonic speeds and primarily designed for penetrating the airspace of the Soviet Union. Participated in SAC REFLEX deployments, deploying to RAF Upper Heyford, England, 10 March – 8 June 1955, and at RAF Greenham Common, England, 3 October 1956 – 9 January 1957.
The wing gained a strategic missile squadron in April 1961. First Atlas missiles went on alert in September 1962. In the early 1960s, the B-47 was considered to be reaching obsolescence, and was being phased out of SAC's strategic arsenal. B-47s began being sent to AMARC at Davis-Monthan in early 1965; was inactivated in late June.
Air Force Space Command.
On 1 September 1991, the third wing to hold the "310" designation, the 310th Training and Test Wing (310 TTW), assumed the ICBM testing and training mission from the Strategic Missile Center at Vandenberg AFB, California under the Twentieth Air Force. After removal of ICBMs from alert status at the end of the Cold War, the 310 TTW continued to train Minuteman crews and to test accuracy and reliability of Minuteman and Peacekeeper missiles. The 310 TTW also assisted in testing the Global Positioning System (GPS) April 1992 – May 1992. It was reassigned to Air Combat Command on 31 May 1992. It was inactivated on 1 July 1993.
The 310th designator was again activated with the stand up of the 310th Space Group 4 September 1997. The group was created around its original squadron, the 7th SOPS, and has grown rapidly with the realization of the critical role the Air Force Reserve can play in the future of space operations. The group has been tremendously successful in its initial missions and has been tasked with reviewing future active/Reserve partnerships in space to identify potential areas where the AF Reserve can add value in the space arena.
Air Force Reserve Command officials are expanding the role reservists play in space operations by establishing AFRC's first space wing at Schriever Air Force Base. Command officials activated the 310th Space Wing on 7 March 2008.
Components.
Wings
Groups
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="9771120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771120" title="SMS hubbing">
SMS hubbing

SMS hubbing is a new structure for the international flow of SMS between operators, reshaping the way that international mobile inter-operability works by implementing hubs to intermediate the SMS traffic and to offer a larger SMS coverage. 
The GSM Association (GSMA) found in SMS Hubbing the solution to a problem that limits the continuing growth of international SMS, culminating to the development of the SMS Hubbing trials in 2006, part of the Open Connectivity project. This initiative created a new structure for international SMS interoperability, as well as developed standards and requirements that SMS hubs should follow.
Regardless of the maturity of the operator or number of subscribers, each subscriber expects to be able to send an SMS to other subscribers, regardless of country and mobile network.
Background.
The lack of complete international SMS interoperability is caused by the way the GSM world is interconnected: each operator has a need to establish SMS interworking with all other mobile operators, meaning that international SMS can only transit from one operator to another if there is a bi-lateral roaming agreement in place.
While SMS interoperability is limited to bi-lateral interworking / roaming agreements between operators, it is unlikely that full international SMS reach will be achieved by setting up more and more agreements, which are time consuming and costly to put in place. In addition to that, the revenue benefits of an extra interworking connection might not justify the investment required to set it up in the first place.
SMS hubbing enables a broad international SMS coverage for mobile operators (“client operators”) through the connection to independent hubs, who have multiple agreements in place with other operators, therefore being able to route messages on behalf of the client operators.
SMS Hubbing works with the same concept of voice connectivity model: rather than relying on costly and multiple individual agreements, voice traffic flows via telehouses, which are basically hubs for voice. In the same way, many operators connect to hubs to transit MMS messages, in an attempt to fix the many interoperability problems with this messaging technology. SMS Hubbing is about simplifying the SMS interworking system, by replacing much of the unproductive, identical investments in international agreements made traditionally by mobile operators. As well as this, SMS Hubbing is about providing a higher level of service to SMS, by introducing end-to-end quality of service through Service Level Agreements (SLAs).
It is clear that SMS Hubbing does not replace bilateral agreements. Every operator has the need to establish roaming agreements in order to provide subscribers with the possibility to roam outside their home network. Outside this frame of main roaming agreements that generate the majority of international traffic for voice and messaging, it makes sense for mobile operators to allocate SMS traffic that belongs to non-connected destinations to an SMS hub.
Benefits.
With the SMS Hubbing model, an operator looking to increase their international SMS coverage does not need to manage multiple bi-lateral agreements. Mobile operators can simplify this by connecting to a hub. The SMS Hubbing model reduces complexity for operators, as well the cost for SMS interworking agreements. Mobile subscribers also take advantage of an enlarged SMS reach, being able to send and receive message to all countries and networks.
Ubiquity and simplicity in increasing SMS coverage
SMS Hubbing allows operators to manage a single legal, technical and billing relationship rather than hundreds of additional roaming agreements for SMS messaging only.
Mobile operators have been gradually outsourcing non-core functions to invest on areas that need a closer management of the operator, as well as focusing on areas that have a direct interface to customers. The hub concept follows this trend, removing a costly and complex area of technical interface and replacing it with a more efficient and effective outsourced solution.
Business model.
Under the GSMA’s SMS Hubbing structure, a hub will negotiate a transit fee with an originating operator on a per-SMS basis for the use of the hub. As is the usual practice, the originating operator will also pay a termination fee to the terminating operator, also on a per-SMS basis.
Other types of hubbing.
Beyond SMS, hubbing can be applied in different areas, such as MMS. Because of many interoperability problems, many operators generally connect to an MMS hub, which route the messages more efficiently on behalf of the operator.

</doc>
<doc id="9771158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771158" title="Budi Lake">
Budi Lake

Budi Lake (, ) from the Mapudungun word "Füzi" which means salt, is a tidal brackish water lake located near the coast of La Araucanía Region, southern Chile. The lake is part of the boundaries between Saavedra and Teodoro Schmidt commune. 
Budi Lake is among the few lakes of the west coast of the Americas that have seasonal inflows of sea water. Another difference to many Chilean lakes is that Budi Lake is not of glacial origin and does not lie in the Andes mountain range. Budi Lake is above a coastal plain just south of Nahuelbuta Range and north of the Valdivian Coastal Range where the Chilean Coast Range is very low.
The lake was formed by tectonic movements and sea eustatic sea level changes.
According to the census of 2002, the zone around the lake is one the poorest parts of La Araucanía Region, Chile's poorest region in turn. The 13,275 persons who live around the lake form 3,087 families with 30 years as average age. 40% of the population is under 18 years old and 73.2% declare to be Mapuches.

</doc>
<doc id="9771163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771163" title="Jeralyn Merritt">
Jeralyn Merritt

Jeralyn Elise Merritt (born September 28, 1949) is an American criminal defense attorney in private practice in Denver, Colorado, since 1974. She served as one of the principal trial lawyers for Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing case in 1996 and 1997. In 2002 Merritt founded and is the principal author of the blog "TalkLeft: The Politics of Crime". She also serves as a legal commentator for news media programs and as an internet journalist.
Education.
A 1967 graduate of New Rochelle High School, in New Rochelle, New York, Merritt attended Case Western Reserve University before transferring to the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, where she majored in political science and earned a B.A. in 1971. In 1973 she earned a J.D. degree from the University of Denver Law School, returning there to teach "Wrongful Convictions" and "Criminal Defense" as Lecturer in Law from 2000 to 2003.
Legal career.
In 1974 Merritt was admitted to the Bar in Colorado, established her own law firm, and in 1981 she was admitted to practice before the U.S. Supreme Court. She is also a member of the Colorado Criminal Defense Bar. From 1996 to 2007, she served as a member of the LexisNexis Martindale-Hubbell Legal Advisory Board.
In 1996 and 1997 she served as one of six principal trial lawyers for Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing case, after the court venue moved to Denver. In 1995 she received the first annual Marshall Stern Legislative Achievement Award, from the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers (NACDL), for which she has served as a member of the Board of Directors (1995–2001), secretary (2002–2003) and treasurer (2003–2004), as the vice-chair of NACDL's Innocence Project from 1998 to 2002 and on other committees. In 2008 she received the Al Horn Award from the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), "a Lifetime achievement award for advancing the cause of justice and extraordinary support of NORML."
After giving up her practice for a year and a half in order to work on the McVeigh defense team, since 1997, Merritt has continued her own criminal defense practice emphasizing federal drug and white collar crimes and has served as a legal analyst for and commentator on television news programs. From 1997 to 1999, she served as a television legal analyst for MSNBC, and, from 1996 to 2008, as a guest legal commentator on television for NBC, MSNBC, CNBC, CNN, Court TV and Fox News, presenting her perspective as a criminal defense attorney on contemporary legal cases being covered on national media news programs. Merritt is also a specialist in the use of the internet as a legal research resource and presents seminars and speeches on its use in investigation, on handwriting analysis, and on other matters pertaining to her legal specialties.
Internet journalism.
Merritt is the creator of "CrimeLynx", an online legal resource for legal professionals and the general public, and a blog called "TalkLeft: The Politics of Crime", which is a three-time winner of a Koufax Award for best single-issue blog in 2002, 2003 and 2004 (in 2004 "TalkLeft" shared the award with "Grits for Breakfast"), and a 2006 winner of the Weblog Awards for "The Best of the Top 250 Blogs". "TalkLeft" became one of the blogs featured in "The Ruckus" section at "Newsweek" Online in 2007.
Merritt covered the United States v. Libby trial on "TalkLeft", and with Jane Hamsher and Marcy Wheeler, was among the first bloggers to receive fully accredited media passes to a U.S. federal trial and during which they also appeared on "PoliticsTV.com" for a round up summarizing each day's trial events. Her blog posts on the Lewis "Scooter" Libby trial appeared in "FireDogLake" and "The Huffington Post". On August 2, 2007, Merritt moderated a panel discussion at the 2007 YearlyKos Convention, featuring Christy Hardin Smith of Jane Hamsher's "Firedoglake" and Marcy Wheeler of "The Next Hurrah", relating their experiences "liveblogging" the Libby trial. The panel also included Sheldon L. Snook, Chief of Staff to the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, who was "the court official in charge of news media at the Libby trial."
"TalkLeft" was accredited as a national blog at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, held in Denver, Colorado, from August 25 through 28, 2008, posting photographs of celebrities from both the Pepsi Center and various other convention venues in Denver and cross-links to other bloggers' reports and photographs. Recently, she has consolidated spaces on "TalkLeft" for archived and ongoing discussion board topics such as the Duke Lacrosse Rape Case and the shooting of Trayvon Martin.
In addition to blogging at "The Huffington Post" and for "Elevated Voices", published in "5280: Denver's Mile High Magazine", Merritt has guest blogged for Eric Alterman's "Altercation". She has also occasionally served as a guest columnist for newspapers such as the "Rocky Mountain News", and as a guest moderator for online discussions on legal issues for "The Washington Post". Merritt has also been featured in a number of online videos and podcasts in which she discusses legal and political issues, such as the Libby trial, the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy, and Hillary Clinton.

</doc>
<doc id="9771168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771168" title="Nan C. Robertson">
Nan C. Robertson

Nan C. Robertson (July 11, 1926 - October 13, 2009) was an American journalist, author and instructor in journalism.
Five decades in journalism.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Robertson attended Northwestern University, where she was a member of Alpha Phi sorority until she graduated in 1948. She traveled to Europe and was a reporter for "Stars and Stripes" in Germany (1948–49) and a fashion publicist in Paris (1950). From 1951 to 1953, she was a correspondent in Germany for the "Milwaukee Journal" and a feature writer and columnist — based in Paris, Berlin, Frankfurt and London — for the "New York Herald Tribune" from 1952 to 1953. Robertson also reported for the London "American Daily" from 1953 to 1954.
Robertson joined the staff of "The New York Times" in 1955, beginning as a general assignment reporter for the city desk and women's news.
From 1963 to 1972, Robertson was a Washington correspondent, focusing on the White House, Congress, presidential campaigns and voting and campus political trends across the United States. From 1972 to 1975, she was based in Paris, covering France, neighboring countries and the Turkish invasion of Cyprus. From 1975 to 1982, Robertson reported for the Living and Style sections.
In 1983, Robertson won the Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing for her medically detailed account of her struggle with toxic shock syndrome, a cover story for "The New York Times Magazine" which at that time became the most widely syndicated article in "Times" history.
She formally retired from the "Times" in 1988 (serving her last five years as a reporter on the cultural news desk), but continued to write for the paper until 1996.
In 1994, Robertson became the first Eugene L. Roberts Visiting Professor of Journalism at the University of Maryland.
She died in Rockville, Maryland at the age of 83.
Other awards.
In addition to her Pulitzer Prize, Robertson is a recipient of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9771200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771200" title="Agkistrodon monticola">
Agkistrodon monticola

Agkistrodon monticola is a taxonomic synonym that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9771218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771218" title="500th Air Expeditionary Group">
500th Air Expeditionary Group

The 500th Air Expeditionary Group is a provisional United States Air Force unit. Its last known assignment was at Christchurch, New Zealand, where it was activated for the summer 2005-2006 season.
The unit's origins lie with its predecessor unit, the United States Army Air Forces 500th Bombardment Group, which was part of Twentieth Air Force during World War II. The 500th engaged in very heavy (Boeing B-29 Superfortress) bombardment operations against Japan. It was awarded two Distinguished Unit Citations for actions in 1945.
The 500th Air Refueling Wing replaced the 4045th Air Refueling Wing as a Strategic Air Command tanker unit at Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan on 1 January 1963. The two units were consolidated in 1984.
In 2002, the consolidated unit was converted to provisional status as the 500th Air Expeditionary Group. It has been activated several times to support operations in Antarctica.
History.
World War II.
The group was established as the 500th Bombardment Group in late 1943 at Gowen Field, Idaho. It was formed as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment group. The unit was initially composed of with four bombardment squadrons, the 881st, 882d, 883d, and 884th Bombardment Squadrons, the 29th, 30th, 31st and 32d Bombardment Maintenance Squadrons and the 18th Photographic Laboratory (Bombardment, Very Heavy).
Due to a shortage of B-29s, the group was equipped with Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses already at Gowen Field. These aircraft were previously used for training heavy bomber replacement personnel. In January the unit moved to Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico due to the poor flying weather during the winter in Idaho. It moved to Walker Army Air Field, Kansas in April 1944 where it finally received newly manufactured B-29 Superfortresses from the Boeing plant at Wichita, Kansas. In May the United States Army Air Forces reconfigured its very heavy groups and the 884th Bombardment Squadron and the Bombardment Maintenance Squadrons were inactivated. Their personnel were consolidated into the remaining squadrons.
The 500th deployed to the Pacific Theater of Operations in September 1944, where it was assigned to the 73d Bombardment Wing of XXI Bomber Command in the Northern Mariana Islands, at Isely Field, Saipan. Upon their arrival the group's personnel engaged in Quonset hut construction. By mid-October most personnel were able to move into the huts from the tents which they were assigned to on their arrival in theater. The 500th's assigned tail code was a Z-Square. It entered combat on 11 November 1944 with an attack against a submarine base in the Truk Islands.
On 24 November, the 500th participated in the first attack on Japan by B-29's based in the Marianas. After that attack, the group conducted many daylight raids, operating from high altitude to bomb strategic targets in Japan. It struck the Mitsubishi aircraft engine plant at Nagoya in January 1945 and received a Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC) for the mission. The group bombed enemy airfields and other installations on Kyūshū in support of the Allied assault on Okinawa in April 1945.
Beginning in March 1945, the group flew missions at night and at low altitude to drop incendiaries on area targets in Japan. It received a second DUC for incendiary attacks on the urban-industrial section of Osaka, feeder industries at Hamamatsu, and shipping and rail targets on Kyūshū during June. The group released propaganda leaflets over the Japanese home islands in July and August, continuing strategic bombing raids and incendiary attacks until the Japanese capitulation in August 1945.
After V-J Day, the 500th dropped supplies to Allied prisoners, participated in show-of-force missions, and flew over Japan to evaluate bombardment damage. In October 1945 the unit returned to the United States. It was assigned to Continental Air Forces' Fourth Air Force at March Field, California. However demobilization was in full swing and the group was inactivated on 17 January 1946.
Cold War.
The 500th Air Refueling Wing was activated and established in 1963 as part of Strategic Air Command at Selfridge AFB, Michigan. The wing replaced the 4045th Air Refueling Wing at Selfridge, absorbing its personnel and assets.
The 4045th Wing had been established at Selfridge on 1 January 1959, along with three maintenance squadrons and a security unit and assigned to Second Air Force. The 44th Air Refueling Squadron and 307th Air Refueling Squadron moved from Chennault AFB, Louisiana in June 1960 and were assigned to the wing as its operational squadrons. In September, the wing was reassigned to the 17th Air Division.
In 1962, in order to perpetuate the lineage of many currently inactive bombardment units with illustrious World War II records, Headquarters SAC received authority from Headquarters USAF to discontinue its Major Command controlled (MAJCON) wings that were equipped with tactical aircraft and to activate Air Force controlled (AFCON) units, most of which were inactive at the time which could carry a lineage and history. As a result the 4045th was replaced by the newly constituted 500th Air Refueling Wing on 1 January 1963.
The two refueling squadrons were reassigned to the 500th wing. The 4045th's maintenance and security squadrons were replaced by ones with the 500th numerical designation of the newly established wing. Each of the new units assumed the personnel, equipment, and mission of its predecessor. The wing was reassigned to the 40th Air Division on 1 July 1963.
The wing supported SAC bombardment and Tactical Air Command fighter aircraft with air refueling and occasionally deployed segments of its tanker force overseas to support unit movements and special operations. The unit was discontinued and inactivated on 15 December 1964. The two units were consolidated in 1984.
Expeditionary Operations.
The consolidated unit was redesignated as the 500th Air Expeditionary Group and activated in the early 2000s (decade) to conduct Operation Deep Freeze activities under Pacific Air Forces, before being replaced by the 13th Air Expeditionary Group. During deployments to support Deep Freeze, the group had controlled ski-equipped Lockheed LC-130 Hercules aircraft of the 139th Expeditionary Airlift Squadron and McDonnell Douglas C-17 Globemaster III aircraft of the 304th Expeditionary Airlift Squadron.
Lineage.
500th Bombardment Group
500th Air Expeditionary Group
Components.
Tactical Squadrons
Support Units

</doc>
<doc id="9771232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771232" title="Knockin Castle">
Knockin Castle

Knockin Castle is situated in the village of Knockin on Shropshire between Oswestry and Shrewsbury ().
This was a motte and bailey castle founded by Guy le Strange between 1154 and 1160 and it remained the principal holding of the le Strange family for most of the Middle Ages. The castle was damaged in the First Barons' War during the reign of King John and then repaired by John le Strange. It was described as being 'ruinous' in 1540.
All that remains of Knockin Castle today is a large tree-covered mound of earth.

</doc>
<doc id="9771260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771260" title="Salvador Roselli">
Salvador Roselli

Salvador Roselli is a film director and screenplay writer.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
Roselli is a graduate of Argentina's primary film school, the "Universidad del Cine."
Filmography.
Director and writer
Screenplay

</doc>
<doc id="9771284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771284" title="Buxtehude station">
Buxtehude station

Buxtehude is a railway station in northwestern Germany. The station is situated in the town of Buxtehude on the Cuxhaven to Hamburg railway line. It also has a connection to the EVB line to Bremervörde (and therefore, to Bremerhaven and Zeven).
Services.
Regular commuter trains from Stade and regional trains from Cuxhaven to Hamburg call at the station. The Bremerhaven to Buxtehude service, which is operated by EVB, terminates at Buxtehude since late 2007. On the same date, the Cuxhaven to Hamburg service, which is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn, became a Metronom service.
The station is served by trains of the Hamburg S-Bahn line S3.

</doc>
<doc id="9771286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771286" title="Sindbis virus">
Sindbis virus

Sindbis Virus (SINV) is a member of the "Togaviridae" family, in the alphavirus subfamily. The virus was first isolated in 1952 in Cairo, Egypt. The virus is transmitted by mosquitoes ("Culex" spp.) SINV causes sindbis fever in humans and the symptoms include arthralgia, rash and malaise. Sindbis fever is most common in South and East Africa, Egypt, Israel, Philippines and parts of Australia. Sindbis virus is an "arbovirus" (arthropod-borne) and is maintained in nature by transmission between vertebrate (bird) hosts and invertebrate (mosquito) vectors. Humans are infected with Sindbis virus when bitten by an infected mosquito. Recently SINV has been linked to Pogosta disease in Finland.
Virus structure, genome and replication.
Sindbis viruses are enveloped particles with an icosahedral capsid. Its genome is a single stranded RNA approximately 11.7kb long. It has a 5' cap and 3' polyadenylated tail therefore serves directly as messenger RNA (mRNA) in a host cell. The genome encodes four non-structural proteins at the 5' end and the capsid and two envelope proteins at the 3' end. This is characteristic of all Togaviruses. Replication is cytoplasmic and rapid. The genomic RNA is partially translated at the 5’ end to produce the non-structural proteins which are then involved in genome replication and the production of new genomic RNA and a shorter sub-genomic RNA strand. This sub-genomic strand is translated into the structural proteins. The viruses assemble at the host cell surfaces and acquire their envelope through budding.
A non-coding RNA element has been found to be essential for Sindbis virus genome replication.

</doc>
<doc id="9771300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771300" title="History of University College London">
History of University College London

University College London (UCL) was founded on 11 February 1826, under the name "London University", as a secular alternative to the strictly religious universities of Oxford and Cambridge. It was founded from the beginning as a university, not a college or institute. However its founders encountered strong opposition from the Church of England, among others, which prevented them from securing the Royal Charter that was necessary for the award of degrees, and it was not until 1836, when the latter-day University of London was established, that the college was legally recognised and granted the power to award degrees of the University of London.
Early years.
Priority.
Whether or not UCL is actually the third oldest university in England is questionable. Other higher education institutions in England have institutional ancestry preceding their formation as "universities": for example what is now the University of Nottingham can trace some elements back to 1798. However, Nottingham only received its Royal Charter (conferring university status) in 1948, making it much younger as a university. Conversely, King's College London (KCL) was founded after UCL, but received its Royal Charter before UCL, so arguably KCL is older. The situation is further confounded by the fact that technically neither UCL nor KCL are universities in their own right (though they are "de facto"), but constituent colleges of the University of London. It is a fact, however, that UCL was an early member of a rapid expansion of university institutions in the UK, which also included Durham University (founded by Act of Parliament in 1832).
Foundation.
The proposal for foundation of what became UCL arose from an open letter, published in "The Times" in February 1825, from the poet Thomas Campbell to the MP and follower of Jeremy Bentham, Henry Brougham. Campbell had visited the university at Bonn in Germany, which (unlike Oxford University and Cambridge University at that time) allowed religious toleration. Brougham was a supporter of spreading education and a founder (in 1826) of the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge. Isaac Lyon Goldsmid, a leader of London's Jewish community, convinced Brougham and Campbell to work together on the proposed 'London University'. They were supported by representatives of a number of religious, philosophical and political groups, including Roman Catholics, Baptists, Utilitarians, and abolitionists. Others represented included James Mill and the Congregationalist benefactor Thomas Wilson. The College formally came into existence on 11 February 1826 as 'The University of London', and was unique in Great Britain in being completely secular: in fact no minister of religion was allowed to sit on the College Council. Thomas Arnold was to refer to it as "that Godless institution in Gower Street".
The Council appointed in 1827 as Warden Leonard Horner, the founder of what is now Heriot-Watt University, but after internal disagreements he left in 1831. During this period however the College founded University College School (1830). In 1833 the foundation stone was laid for the hospital which had always been planned in association with the College, then known as the 'North London Hospital', but today University College Hospital.
The Council sought to arrange a formal incorporation of the 'University of London'. However they found formidable opposition from the start in Parliament, from the Church of England, from Oxford and Cambridge Universities and from the medical profession. Opposition also came from abroad; Count Metternich instructed his ambassador to Britain in 1825 to 'tell His Majesty of my absolute conviction that the implementation of this plan would bring about England's ruin'. Macaulay however predicted 'that it is destined to a long, a glorious and a beneficent existence'. Only in 1836 was a Whig government (which included two members of the College Council, Lord Lansdowne and Lord John Russell) able to arrange a Royal Charter which would permit the awarding of university degrees. By this time, however, King's College, London had also been founded; thus a new institution with the name of 'University of London' was set up to cover both, and the former 'University of London' took its present name, University College London.
Jeremy Bentham and UCL.
The philosopher and jurist Jeremy Bentham (1748–1832), advocate of Utilitarianism, is often credited with being one of the founders of the original 'University of London'. This is not the case, although the myth of his direct participation has been perpetuated in a mural by Henry Tonks, in the dome above the Flaxman gallery (named after artist John Flaxman in the UCL Main Building). This shows William Wilkins, the architect of the main building, submitting the plans to Bentham for his approval while the portico is under construction in the background. The scene is however apocryphal. Bentham was eighty years of age when the new University opened its doors in 1828, and took no formal part in the direct campaign to bring it into being.
Although Bentham played no direct part in the establishment of UCL, he can still be considered as its spiritual father. Many of the founders held him in high esteem, and their project embodied many of his ideas on education and society. Jeremy Bentham was a strong advocate for making higher education more widely available, and is often linked with the University's early adoption of a policy of making all courses available to people regardless of sex, religion or political beliefs. When the College's Upper Refectory was refurbished in 2003, it was renamed the Jeremy Bentham Room (sometimes abbreviated JBR) in tribute.
Bentham's body is on public display at UCL in a wooden cabinet, at the end of the South Cloisters of the UCL Main Building; he had directed in his will that he wanted his body to be preserved as a lasting memorial to the university. This 'Auto-Icon' has become famous. Unfortunately, when it came to his head, the preservation process went disastrously wrong and left it badly disfigured. A wax head was made to replace it; the actual head is now kept in the college vaults. 
Construction of the Main Building.
In 1827, a year after the founding of UCL, construction of the Main Building began on the site of the proposed Carmarthen Square (at the time wasteland, used occasionally for duelling or dumping). Eight acres of ground were purchased for £30,000 by Goldsmid and other benefactors. The Octagon Building is a term used for the whole of the Main Building, but more appropriately for a central part of it. At the centerpiece of the building is an ornate dome, which is visible throughout the immediate area. The Octagon was designed by the Architect William Wilkins, who also designed the National Gallery. The original plans by Wilkins called for a U shaped enclosure around the Quad (square). These plans however were stymied for want of funding, and work on the main building was not completed until the 20th century, (after the building itself had suffered damage during World War II). The Main Building was finally finished in 1985, 158 years after the foundations were laid, with a formal opening ceremony by Queen Elizabeth II.
Milestones.
UCL was the first higher education institution in England to accept students of any race or religious or political belief. It was also possibly the first to accept women on equal terms with men (in 1878). 
UCL was a pioneer in teaching many topics at university level, establishing the first British professorships in, amongst other subjects, chemistry (1828), English (1828, Rev. Thomas Dale), German 1828, Ludwig von Mühlenfels), Italian (1828, Sir Antonio Panizzi), geography (1833), French (1834, P. F. Merlet), zoology (1874, Sir Ray Lankester), Egyptology (1892), and electrical engineering (1885, Sir Ambrose Fleming).
The Slade School of Fine Art was founded at the College in 1871 following a bequest from Felix Slade.
UCL was the first in England to establish a students' union. in 1893 However men and women had separate unions until 1945.
20th century.
In 1907 the University of London was reconstituted and many of the colleges, including UCL, lost their separate legal existence. This necessitated the separation of University College Hospital and University College School as separate institutions (which they remain). A new charter restored UCL's independence in 1977' (although it was not able to award degrees in its own right until 2005).
Further pioneering professorships established in the 20th century included phonetics (1921, Daniel Jones), chemical engineering (1923), psychology (1928, Charles Spearman), and papyrology (1950, Sir Eric Gardner Turner).
In 1906, Sir Gregory Foster, who had been Secretary of the College, was appointed to the new post of Provost of UCL, which he occupied until 1929.
In 1973, UCL became the first international link to the ARPANET, the precursor of today's internet, sending the world's first electronic mail, or e-mail, in the same year. UCL was also one of the first universities in the world to conduct space research. It is the driving force of the Mullard Space Science Laboratory, managed by UCL's Department of Space and Climate Physics.
In 1986 the Institute of Archaeology became a department of UCL, and in 1999 the School of Slavonic and East European Studies also joined the College.
In 1988 UCL merged with the Institute of Laryngology & Otology, the Institute of Orthopaedics, the Institute of Urology & Nephrology and Middlesex Hospital Medical School. In 1994 the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust was established. UCL merged with the College of Speech Sciences and the Institute of Ophthalmology in 1995, the School of Podiatry in 1996 and the Institute of Neurology in 1997. In August 1998 the medical school at UCL joined with the Royal Free Hospital Medical School to create the Royal Free and University College Medical School, renamed in October 2008 to the UCL Medical School. In 1999 the Eastman Dental Institute joined the Medical School, which, resulting from the incorporation of these major postgraduate medical institutes, has made UCL one of the world's leading centres for biomedical research.
19 Nobel Laureates of the 20th century were based at UCL:
1904 Chemistry: Sir William Ramsay
• 1913 Literature: Rabindranath Tagore
• 1915 Physics: Sir William Henry Bragg
• 1921 Chemistry: Frederick Soddy
• 1922 Physiology or Medicine: Archibald Vivian Hill
• 1928 Physics: Owen Willans Richardson
• 1929 Physiology or Medicine: Sir Frederick Gowland Hopkins
• 1936 Physiology or Medicine: Sir Henry Hallett Dale
• 1944 Chemistry: Otto Hahn
• 1947 Chemistry: Sir Robert Robinson
• 1955 Chemistry: Vincent du Vigneaud
• 1959 Chemistry: Jaroslav Heyrovský
• 1960 Physiology or Medicine: Peter Brian Medawar
• 1962 Physiology or Medicine: Francis Harry Compton Crick
• 1963 Physiology or Medicine: Andrew Fielding Huxley
• 1970 Physiology or Medicine: Bernard Katz
• 1970 Physiology or Medicine: Ulf Svante von Euler
• 1988 Physiology or Medicine: Sir James W. Black
• 1991 Physiology or Medicine: Bert Sakmann
21st Century.
In October 2002, a plan to merge UCL with Imperial College London was announced by both institutions. The merger was widely seen as a "de facto" takeover of UCL by Imperial College and was opposed by both staff and UCL Union, the students' union. After a vigorous campaign, which included a website organised by students which brought back Jeremy Bentham to defend the College, the merger was called off.
On 1 August 2003, Professor Malcolm Grant took the role of President and Provost (the principal of UCL), taking over from Sir Derek Roberts, who had been called out of retirement as a caretaker provost for the college, and had supported the plan for the failed merger. Shortly after Grant's inauguration, UCL began the 'Campaign for UCL' initiative, in 2004. It aimed to raise £300m from alumni and friends. This kind of explicit campaigning is traditionally unusual for UK universities, and is similar to US university funding. UCL had a financial endowment in the top ten among UK universities at £81m, according to the Sutton Trust (2002). Grant has also aimed to enhance UCL's global links, declaring UCL London's "Global University". Significant interactions with France's École Normale Supérieure, Columbia University, Caltech, New York University, University of Texas, Villanova University and universities in Osaka have developed during the first few years of his tenure as provost.
UCL's strengths in biomedicine will be significantly augmented with the move of the National Institute for Medical Research (NIMR) from Mill Hill to UCL as preferred partner which was announced in 2006. Founded in 1913 and the Medical Research Council's first and largest laboratory, its scientists have garnered five Nobel prizes. NIMR today employs over 700 scientists and has an annual budget of £27 million. Construction of the new premises, the Francis Crick Institute, commenced in 2011; King's College London and Imperial College also became partners of the Institute.
The UCL Ear Institute was established, with the support of a grant from the Wellcome Foundation, on 1 January 2005.
UCL applied to the Privy Council for the power to award degrees in its own right. This was granted in September 2005, and the first degrees were awarded in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9771302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771302" title="Lt. Raymond Enners Award">
Lt. Raymond Enners Award

The Lt. Raymond Enners Award is an award given annually to the NCAA's most outstanding player in men's college lacrosse. The award is presented by the USILA and is named after Raymond Enners, who attended the United States Military Academy, class of 1967, and served in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War. He was killed in service on September 18, 1968. Enners received the Distinguished Service Cross, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Purple Heart for extraordinary heroism in combat in South Vietnam. He was a member of the 1963 All-Long Island lacrosse team, a 1967 USILA Honorable Mention All-American, and was inducted into the Suffolk County Hall of Fame in 2004. The award was first given in the season immediately after his death. The Lt. Ray Enners Award, another award named after Lt. Enners, is presented annually by the Suffolk County Coaches Association to the outstanding high school player in Suffolk County, New York. Frank Urso is the only athlete who has won both awards (1975 and 1972).

</doc>
<doc id="9771324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771324" title="Immune receptor">
Immune receptor

An immune receptor (or immunologic receptor) is a receptor, usually on a cell membrane, which binds to a substance (for example, a cytokine) and causes a response in the immune system.
Types.
The main receptors in the immune system are pattern recognition receptors (PRRs), Toll-like receptors (TLRs), killer activated and killer inhibitor receptors (KARs and KIRs), complement receptors, Fc receptors, B cell receptors and T cell receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="9771331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771331" title="The Wonder That was India">
The Wonder That was India

The Wonder That was India : a survey of the culture of the Indian sub-continent before the coming of the Muslims, is a book on Indian history written by A.L. Basham and published in 1954. The second edition of the first volume by Basham was published in 1963 and reprinted several times.
There is also a second volume of the book published in 1986, written by S.A.A. Rizvi.
While the first volume by Basham covers the period between ancient India and the arrival of the Muslims, Rizvi's second volume covers the Muslim period between 1200 and 1700 AD.
The earlier section of the first volume by Basham deals with prehistory, the details of Harappan and Mohenjo-daro findings and then delves into Aryan Invasion Theory.

</doc>
<doc id="9771359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771359" title="Neu Wulmstorf station">
Neu Wulmstorf station

Neu Wulmstorf is a railway station in northwestern Germany. The station is situated in the municipality of Neu Wulmstorf on the Cuxhaven to Hamburg "Niederelbebahn" railway line. The station was built on an enclave of land belonging to Daerstorf and thus was called Daerstorf until Daerstorf joint the municipality of Neu Wulmstorf in 1970.
Station layout.
Neu Wulmstorf is an at-grade station with two side platforms and 2 tracks. Connection to buses and parking is available.
Services.
Trains of the Hamburg S-Bahn line S3 serve the station since 2007.
Before 2007 regular commuter trains from Stade and regional trains from Cuxhaven to Hamburg called at the station. This included the Bremerhaven to Hamburg-Neugraben service, which was operated by EVB, and metronom service.

</doc>
<doc id="9771392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771392" title="Red Smith (shortstop)">
Red Smith (shortstop)

Marvin Harold (Red) Smith (July 17, 1899 – February 19, 1961) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Philadelphia Athletics in the 1925 season. Smith batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Ashley, Illinois.
In one-season career, Smith was a .286 hitter (4-for-14) with one run and one RBI without home runs in 20 games played.
Smith died in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="9771454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771454" title="Nicolás Saad">
Nicolás Saad

Nicolás Saad (born 1970 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film director, screenplay writer, and film editor.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
Saad is a graduate of Argentina's primary film school, the "Universidad del Cine."
Filmography.
Director
Writer
Editing

</doc>
<doc id="9771457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771457" title="Songs remixed by Hybrid">
Songs remixed by Hybrid

Hybrid have remixed over 100 songs for over 40 artists. This list contains each remix by name along with the original recording artist's name. Note that Hybrid songs remixed by other artists are also included. Songs marked with * are bootlegs and fan remixes.

</doc>
<doc id="9771473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771473" title="Hamburg-Neugraben station">
Hamburg-Neugraben station

Hamburg-Neugraben or Neugraben railway station is situated in Neugraben-Fischbek, which is a quarter on the south-western border of Hamburg in north-western Germany. It serves frequent S-Bahn (mass-transit) trains between Pinneberg and Stade (S3 line) and between Hamburg-Altona station and Neugraben station (S31 service).
Until January 2008, Neugraben station was the southern terminus of the S3 service. In January 2008 the S-Bahn track to Stade via Neu Wulmstorf and Buxtehude was completed and through services were added to the timetable. However there are considerably fewer trains going to Buxtehude and/or Stade than finishing in Neugraben.
Station layout.
The station is an at-grade station with 5 tracks—including 3 for the Hamburg S-Bahn—and 2 island platforms and a side platform. Parking is available via park and ride.

</doc>
<doc id="9771551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771551" title="American University in Bosnia and Herzegovina">
American University in Bosnia and Herzegovina

The American University in Bosnia and Herzegovina ("abbr". AUBiH) is an private university located in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2007, the University opened a postgraduate department in Sarajevo, offering a fast track master's degree in business administration. In 2009, it opened an undergraduate department in Banja Luka. In 2011, the AUBIH opened an undergraduate department in Mostar.
Staff.
The lecturing staff are mainly former US professionals, as well as some from Europe and Bosnia & Herzegovina. Some lectures are conducted via online, distance-learning methods. As part of the now-defunct partnership agreement with State University of New York at Canton ("SUNY"), students from AUBIH received double diplomas (both from the US and Bosnia & Herzegovina) and attended one semester in USA. Students have opportunities for work placement with leading US companies such as Xerox, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson and Kodak.
The President of AUBiH is Denis Prcić, an entrepreneur from Tuzla who lived in Rochester, New York in the 1990s.
The University is organized around three colleges:
The College of International Finance and Banking - CIFB (Tuzla, Sarajevo, Banja Luka)
The College of International Law and Diplomacy - CILD (Tuzla, Sarajevo, Banja Luka)
The College of Digital Economy and Information Technology - CDEIT (Tuzla)
Partnership.
SUNY Partnership
AUBIH had a partnership with State University of New York at Canton ("SUNY") until November 2011 to offer undergraduate programs in the fields of international financing, banking, insurance and risk management, information technology and digital economy. That agreement expired in November 2011 and was not renewed. SUNY-Canton has agreed to honor the promises that were made to students on behalf of SUNY representatives at the beginning of their studies.
West Virginia University Partnership
On 21 June 2012, West Virginia University made a partnership with American University in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It's one of over 100 universities with which WVU has a global partnership. 

</doc>
<doc id="9771610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771610" title="Kazuhiro Hamanaka">
Kazuhiro Hamanaka

Career.
Hamanaka began his mixed martial arts career in 2003 with a victory over Antonio Schembri at PRIDE 26. After losing to Ryan Gracie in PRIDE Bushido 1, he made stints in other organizations such as K-1. Over his mixed martial arts career, Hamanaka has trained with IFL coaches Matt Lindland and Dan Henderson, as well as UFC legend Randy Couture. Kazuhiro currently resides in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="9771631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771631" title="Ibn Sidah">
Ibn Sidah

Ibn Sidah (1007–1066) was a blind Andalusian scholar of Classical Arabic, author of the Muhkam, a dictionary of 28 volumes. He was born in Murcia and studied in Cordova.

</doc>
<doc id="9771642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771642" title="Formyl peptide receptor">
Formyl peptide receptor

The formyl peptide receptors (FPR) belong to a class of G protein-coupled receptors involved in chemotaxis. These receptors were originally identified by their ability to bind N-formyl peptides such as "N"-formylmethionine produced by the degradation of either bacterial or host cells. Hence formyl peptide receptors are involved in mediating immune cell response to infection. These receptors may also act to suppress the immune system under certain conditions. The close phylogenetical relation of signaling in chemotaxis and olfaction was recently proved by detection formyl peptide receptor like proteins as a distinct family of vomeronasal organ chemosensors in mice
Structure - function.
The formyl peptide receptor (FPR) belongs to the class of receptors possessing seven hydrophobic transmembrane domains. The conformation of the FPR is stabilized by several interactions. These include potential salt bridge formation between Arg84-Arg205, Lys85-Arg205, and Lys85-Asp284 which help determine the three-dimensional structure of transmembrane domains, as well as positively charged residues (Arg, Lys) which interact with negatively charged phosphates. Furthermore residue Arg163 may interact with the ligand binding pocket of the second extracellular loop of the FPR.
With respect to binding of the formyl Met-Leu-Phe peptide, there are additional potential interactions which include hydrogen bonding interactions between Arg84 and Lys85 of the first extracellular loop and the N-formyl group of the ligand as well as the peptide backbone of formyl Met-Leu-Phe which can form similar interactions. The formyl-Met moiety of the ligand was shown to form disulfide bridges with Cys residues, and an interaction with Arg163 was also demonstrated. (It is important to mention that some interaction which stabilize the conformation of the receptor may also influence ligand-binding.) Some oligopeptides were also described as characteristic constituents linked to Asn-s of the extracellular N terminal part and to the ligand binding pocket of the second extracellular loop. These components can also determine or make more specific the ligand-receptor interaction.
Signaling pathways.
Induction of FPR triggers multiple changes in eukaryotic cells including rearrangement of the cytoskeleton which in turn facilitates cell migration and the synthesis of chemokines. 
Important FPR regulated pathways include:

</doc>
<doc id="9771653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771653" title="Medium theory">
Medium theory

Medium theory is the name assigned to a variety of approaches used to examine how the means of expression of human communication impact the meaning(s) of human communication(s). 
Joshua Meyrowitz originated the term in his 1985 book, "No Sense of Place". Other scholars with work relevant to "medium theory" include Marshall McLuhan (1963, 1966, 1988) and Neil Postman (1985). Currently, medium theory occupies a marginal position within U.S. communication and media studies (Croteau & Hoynes, 2003:305). The majority of U.S. communication and media studies place their emphasis on the content of communication (e.g., sex and violence) not the medium of communications. In Canada and elsewhere, the theory continues to inform studies that assess large-scale social changes that follow the adoption of a new medium. German media Theory operates along similar lines and draws some influence from McLuhan, though it occupies a more central location in German academia. 
Joshua Meyrowitz (1985) uses the term 'medium theory' to refer to the body of literature that focuses on the technological aspects of media beyond their content. It aims to look beyond the content to the medium which reveals the key to its social impact (Croteau & Hoynes, 2003:305).
McLuhan's message.
Marshall McLuhan is the most widely read literary theorist and is best known for his claim "the medium is the message". McLuhan believed that we should observe not only the media itself but 'the ways in which each new medium disrupts tradition and reshapes social life' (Croteau & Hoynes 2003,307). McLuhan believed that the social impact of the media was that they became 'an extension of our senses, and alter our social world' (Croteau & Hoynes, 2003:307). In his book The Gutenberg Galaxy (1962) he argued that when new media technologies were introduced into society, the balance of our senses were reworked, highlighting some at the expense of others. For example, print intensified the visual and separated it from our other senses; in particular sound. "McLuhan even argued that print media helped create a sensory environment that produced Western capitalist societies - an environment that was bureaucratic and organized around mass production, an ideology of individualism, and a commitment to the nation-state as the fundamental social unit."
Technological determinism.
Medium theory has always been criticized by its Technological determinism. Raymond Williams is one of the most ardent critics of this concept. He believe that technological determinism 'emerges' from Technical study and experiments and then changes the sector or society in which it emerged from. Which means that we adapt towards the new technologies that arise because it is the new modern way of doing it. 
The deterministic approach says that technology in itself has the power to change societies and the power to condition humans even though humans are the ones that's using said technology. Although McLuhan strongly believes that the introduction to any new media will change the way we live, Williams argue that the new technology in itself has no real significance to social value unless it has been adapted to existing social and economic conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="9771663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771663" title="William Essex">
William Essex

Sir William Essex (1477–1548) was the High Sheriff and MP for Berkshire in England.
Sir William was the son of Thomas Essex of Lambourn in Berkshire and his wife, Elizabeth daughter of William Babthorpe of Elstone in Leicestershire. He married Elizabeth, daughter and heiress of Thomas Rogers of Beckett Hall in Shrivenham, also in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire). They had two children: Sir Thomas and Winifred. He served as High Sheriff of Berkshire and Oxfordshire in 1509, 1518, 1523 and 1540 and as one of the MPs for Berkshire in 1529–1536 and 1542–1544.

</doc>
<doc id="9771686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771686" title="James Perchard">
James Perchard

James Leslie Perchard or Jim Perchard (born 1957 in Jersey) is a former politician who was elected as Senator in the States of Jersey in the 2005 election.
Perchard was educated at Trinity Primary School, Trinity and De La Salle College.
In 2005 he retired from his farming business before entering politics.
He is married to Susan and has three children James, Holly and Charles.
Before entering politics he held the positions of Chairman of the Jersey Young Farmers' Club, President of the Countrymen's Club, and Vice President of the Jersey Farmers' Union.
Electoral History.
In October 2005 Perchard finished 6th of 15 candidates achieving 8,998 votes and was duly elected to the States of Jersey.
He was Assistant Minister for Health and Social Services before being elected Minister in December 2008. The Senator resigned in April 2009.
In August 2011 he announced he would not stand for re-election for "personal and business reasons." 
Independent.
He stood for the States as an independent candidate, summarising his politics as follows:
"I believe in the freedom of the individual and the equality of opportunity. If elected I will promote and support low tax, small,
unobtrusive government that seeks to create a favourable business and social environment."

</doc>
<doc id="9771707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771707" title="Hales Hall">
Hales Hall

Hales Hall in Loddon, was once house of the Hobarts, namely Sir James Hobart, who became attorney general to Henry VII in 1485.
History.
There has been a house on this site for some 1100 years with the remaining buildings being late medieval, including the outer gatehouse, stewards and guest lodgings and the largest brick medieval barn in Britain and built by Sir James Hobart in the late 1470s. A descendant of the same family would later build Blickling Hall in Norfolk. The barn is currently used as a reception hall.
Occupants.
Previous occupants include Sir Roger de Hales in the 13th century whose daughter Alice married Thomas de Brotherton, King Edward I half brother, and Lady Dionysius Williamson who gave £11,000 in the 1670s to help Christopher Wren rebuild London's churches after the great fire in 1666.

</doc>
<doc id="9771742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771742" title="North Sea Beach Marathon">
North Sea Beach Marathon

North Sea Beach Marathon is an annual Danish marathon which takes place at the westcoast of Jutland. It takes place in the beginning of July, every year. It is one of the only running events in the world where participants run the entire race on sand. Runners can choose to run the full 42.190 kilometres, or the half-marathon, 10 km and 5 km.
Runners must train hard, because running on sand is very demanding on the human body. A difficult portion of the race is Hvide Sande, the sand here feels like deep snow. The timelimit for the marathon is 7 hours.
The arrangers invited Lance Armstrong to participate in the 2007 event, but he decided to turn down the offer.

</doc>
<doc id="9771745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771745" title="Arthur Rosenberg">
Arthur Rosenberg

Arthur Rosenberg (1889–1943) was a German Marxist historian and writer.
Biography.
Early years.
Arthur Rosenberg was born into a German Jewish middle-class family in Berlin on 19 December 1889. He excelled at the Askanisches Gymnasium before studying at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität in Berlin with Otto Hirschfeld and Eduard Meyer. 
Rosenberg established himself as an expert in Roman constitutional history and held a PhD in ancient history and archeology.
In 1914, Rosenberg proved to be a conformist representative of the German academy, believing in the "ideas of 1914," and signing nationalist petitions. He then was drafted into the army, working for the Kriegspresseamt, the public relations office of the army.
Political career.
After Germany's defeat in 1918 and his demobilization from the army, Rosenberg joined the new Independent Social Democratic Party (USPD). He went on to join the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) in 1920. 
Rosenberg emerged as an important theoretician for the dissident left wing of the KPD in their ongoing factional struggle with the party leadership headed by Heinrich Brandler and August Thalheimer. He was regarded as one of the top leaders of the party left in the city of Berlin and was an advocate of the theory that the KPD should pursue a revolutionary offensive against the Weimar state.
The left wing gained control of the KPD in April 1924 and Rosenberg was elected a member of the governing Central Committee of the party as well as a delegate to the 5th World Congress of the Comintern and a member of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) that same year.
When further factionalism swept the German Communist Party, Rosenberg maintained an ultra-left wing line as part of a factional group that included Werner Scholem, Iwan Katz, and Karl Korsch. This group fell into disfavor in Moscow from June 1925, however. In electing a new Central Committee the German party was invited by ECCI "to have no fear of drawing into the work the best elements from former groups not belonging to the Left" — an effort to further undercut Rosenberg's factional group.
Despite the criticism, Rosenberg was named a delegate to the 6th Enlarged Plenum of the CI in February 1926, at which he participated.
Expulsions of the left wing of the KPD followed in 1927, but Rosenberg was not himself one of those subject to such treatment. Nevertheless, he quit the KPD in April 1927, moving from the political realm to the field of scholarship. He taught at the University of Berlin and served as the head of an organization called the League of Rights of Man.
Years of exile.
When the Nazis came to power in 1933 Rosenberg was dismissed from his university post due to his Jewish ethnicity. Rosenberg emigrated first to Switzerland before moving on to the United Kingdom. 
From 1934 to 1937 Rosenberg taught history at the University of Liverpool. He proceeded to the United States in 1937 to take a professorship at Brooklyn College, where he taught and wrote until the end of his life.
Death and legacy.
Arthur Rosenberg died 7 February 1943 in New York City.
In the 1960s, his books came to more widespread attention among German historians.

</doc>
<doc id="9771758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771758" title="Robert Chote">
Robert Chote

Robert Chote (born 24 Jan 1968) is a British economist and current chairman of the Office of Budget Responsibility.
Education.
Chote completed his secondary education at St Mary's College in Bitterne Park, Southampton. In 1989 he graduated from Queens' College, Cambridge (where he was Chair of Cambridge Student Liberal Democrats), and then studied at City University, London, and at the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University in the United States.
Career.
Chote began his career as a reporter and columnist at "The Independent", and was named Young Financial Journalist of the Year in 1993 when working for the "Independent on Sunday" by the Wincott Foundation. He then moved to the "Financial Times" to become Economics Editor in 1995.
From 1999 he served as an adviser to the senior management of the International Monetary Fund in Washington DC, where he worked under Stanley Fischer and Anne Krueger. Chote was appointed director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies in October 2002. He has also served as a member of the Statistics Advisory Committee of the Office for National Statistics.
In September 2010, he was appointed as chairman of the Office of Budget Responsibility, succeeding Sir Alan Budd. This appointment was subject to Parliamentary approval which was received. He started as Chairman on 4 October 2010.
Personal life.
Since 1997 Robert Chote has been married to Sharon White, until October 2013 Director-General for public spending at HM Treasury now Second Permanent Secretary responsible for the Treasury’s finance ministry functions (having previously worked at the UK Department for International Development, the World Bank and the Prime Minister's Policy Unit).

</doc>
<doc id="9771781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771781" title="Vox Records">
Vox Records

Vox Records is a budget classical record label. The name is Latin for "voice."
History.
Vox was founded in 1945, starting out with 78-rpm discs, specializing in licensed pressings of classical recordings made in Europe. It was one of the last major recording companies to adopt stereo recording, about 1960. The company's output featured the "Vox Box", compilations of music by specific composers, such as piano music of Chopin, Tchaikovsky, and Ravel; the complete symphonies and orchestral music of Rachmaninoff; rarely heard orchestral music by Tchaikovsky, Massenet, and Rimsky-Korsakov; the complete orchestral music of the eccentric French composer Erik Satie; and one of the most complete collections of the music of the early American composer Louis Moreau Gottschalk.
Vox had subsidiary labels including Turnabout and Candide. In recent years, some Vox recordings have been released on the Excelsior label.
Although Vox has specialized in imported recordings, it also recorded the Utah Symphony Orchestra under Maurice Abravanel, the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra under Leonard Slatkin and the Minnesota Orchestra under Stanisław Skrowaczewski. 
In the early 1970s, Vox and its subsidiaries issued a number of compatible quadraphonic/stereophonic recordings using the Sansui QS quadraphonic matrix system; some of the ambience can still be heard when the CD versions are played with an amplifier with Dolby decoding and four speakers. One of these was the first album made by the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and Chorus, led by Robert Shaw, a 2-LP set entitled "Nativity".
Many of its recordings were later issued on CD. The company has continued a program of new releases, too, by such orchestras as the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra.
Notable releases.
In the course of its existence, Vox has displayed a willingness to explore unusual literature and a penchant for covering broad swaths of repertory in comprehensive releases. Among its numerous noteworthy issues were the following:
Catalogue.
A partial listing of Vox recordings available in 2007 on CD included:

</doc>
<doc id="9771820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771820" title="Lower Elbe Railway">
Lower Elbe Railway

The Lower Elbe Railway ( or "Unterelbebahn"), is a railway line between Hamburg and Cuxhaven in northwestern Germany, which was opened in 1881 by the "Lower Elbe Railway Company" ("Unterelbesche Eisenbahngesellschaft"). At 103.6 kilometres of length, the line runs close to the southern bank of the river Elbe.
Line features.
The Lower Elbe Railway is a main line since 1964 and is currently listed as Kursbuchstrecke 121. The line is part of the "Strecke 1720", with the kilometrage starting at Lehrte near Hanover.
The line features two tracks on most sections, except between the stations Himmelpforten and Hechthausen. The line has been electrified between Hamburg and Stade since 1968.
The Hamburg S-Bahn line to Neugraben runs parallel to the line since 1984; and since 2008, toward Stade, using dual-voltage vehicles.
The trains between Cuxhaven and Hamburg have been operated by metronom since late 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9771833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771833" title="T1-R9 WELS">
T1-R9 WELS

T1-R9 WELS is a survey township in Piscataquis County in the north-central part of the U.S. state of Maine. It lies about 5 miles northwest of Millinocket. T1-R9 contains Ambajejus Lake, other parts of the Pemadumcook Chain of Lakes, and part of Millinocket Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9771842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771842" title="Bruno Cassirer">
Bruno Cassirer

Bruno Cassirer (1872–1941) was a publisher and gallery owner in Berlin who had a considerable influence on the cultural life of the city.
He was born on 12 December 1872 in Breslau, the second child of Jewish parents, Julius and Julcher Cassirer. Julius was a partner, with two of Bruno's cousins, in a cable factory. Julius completed his final school examination in 1890 at the Leibniz-Gymnasium. 
In 1898, together with his cousin Paul Cassirer, he opened a gallery and bookshop at 35 Viktoriastraße near Kemperplatz, Berlin. On 2 May 1898 the artists' association Berlin Secession was established with Paul and Bruno as secretaries. For three years they acquainted the art and literature scenes of Berlin with the newest waves from Belgian, English, French and Russian culture.
In 1901, Bruno and Paul divided the business into separate parts, with Paul running the gallery and art dealership, whilst Bruno owned the publishing side which relocated to 15 Derfflingerstraße. In 1903 Christian Morgenstern joined as literary editor and the journal "Das Theater" was founded under his direction. 
In 1936 Jewish printers were removed from membership of the Reichsschrifttumskammer (RSK) and the last book appeared from the Cassirer publishing house. In 1938 part of the Cassirer family decided to emigrate to Oxford where Bruno founded a new publishing house.
He died on 20 October 1941 in Oxford, England.
After the death of Bruno Cassirer, his son-in law Dr. George Hill (born Günther Hell) continued the publishing business until he died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9771851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771851" title="Balambangan Island">
Balambangan Island

Balambangan Island is located off the northern tip of Borneo in the Malaysian state of Sabah. It is part of the Kudat Division and is situated just about 3 kilometres west of Banggi Island. 
This island was one of the first locations in what is now Malaysia where British traders set up a trading post. At the time, the British referred to it as Felicia Island. 
In 1761, British East India Company officer Alexander Dalrymple concluded an agreement with the Sultan of Sulu to allow him occupation of the island. A free port was then established here which was of importance for the interest of Britain in the east Asia region, namely, trade with China. The port however failed to become a long term success due to constant pirate attacks as well as for other reasons and the British left in 1805.
In December, 1805, five members of the ill-fated crew of shipwrecked schooner "Betsey" made it off Balambangan Island in a small boat despite being attacked by eleven natives; however, one sailor died in the boat due to his injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="9771859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771859" title="Disodium ribonucleotides">
Disodium ribonucleotides

Disodium 5'-ribonucleotides, E number E635, is a flavor enhancer which is synergistic with glutamates in creating the taste of umami. It is a mixture of disodium inosinate (IMP) and disodium guanylate (GMP) and is often used where a food already contains natural glutamates (as in meat extract) or added monosodium glutamate (MSG). It is primarily used in flavored noodles, snack foods, chips, crackers, sauces and fast foods. It is produced by combining the sodium salts of the natural compounds guanylic acid (E626) and inosinic acid (E630). 
Guanylates and inosinates are possibly animal derived. They are produced from meat or maybe fish or could be from a non-animal source. These additives are very likely to be vegan if the product indicates that it is vegetarian.
A mixture of 98% monosodium glutamate and 2% E635 has four times the flavor enhancing power of monosodium glutamate (MSG) alone.E635 is animal free when the ribotide version.
Side effects.
It is recommended that no food containing disodium ribonucleotides should be consumed by gout and asthma sufferers. However, the concentrations used are generally so low that no effects are to be expected.

</doc>
<doc id="9771863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771863" title="National Art Museum of Ukraine">
National Art Museum of Ukraine

The National Art Museum of Ukraine () is a museum dedicated to Ukrainian art in Kiev, Ukraine.
Architecture.
Constructed in 1898, by architect Vladislav Gorodetsky, the building was originally designed as the museum for the local society of patrons of arts and antique lovers. The facade of the building conveys a classic architecture form - precise reproduction of a six-column porch of Doric order with entablature, triglyphs, metopes and frieze decoration depicting the Triumph of Arts. The architectural composition featuring figures of gryphons and large concrete lions at the top of the stairs were created by an Italian sculptor, Emilio Sala.
History.
Originally called the Kiev City Museum of Antiques and Art, the founders set out to put together a collection of pieces representative of Ukrainian fine art. Ranging from medieval icons to portraits of military and church leaders during Cossack times, some depicting caricatures of Mamay. Present time famous artist works included those of Taras Shevchenko, Ilya Yefimovich Repin, Vladimir Borovikovsky, Vasily Andreevich Tropinin, Mykola Pimonenko, Mikhail Vrubel, Nikolai Ge, Serhiy Svetoslavsky, and Oleksandr Murashko among many others. 
After World War I, the museum also served as the Museum of History. One of its most memorable expositions displayed an old trophy tank, which was lent by the Triple Entente to the White Army. 
After World War II the museum changed its name and its focus back to art. The collection began to grow, with Ukrainian art coming from all areas of Ukraine, and from places like Galicia. The directors obtained Ukrainian art from Moscow and St. Petersburg, as well as from Ukrainian artists living abroad in Europe and America. However, during Joseph Stalin's repression, this activity ceased, and a large part of the collection was dispersed and hidden.
After Ukrainian independence, the museum reached the status of a major international institution. For the first time, its collections traveled outside of the country and were exhibited in The Netherlands, Canada, France, Denmark, and Croatia.
Current exhibition.
Today, the museum continues to expand its collection. Some new additions include a unique icon relief of St. George and works by the international Kiev born pioneer of Geometric abstract art Kazimir Malevich.
The current exhibition includes over 20 thousand pieces. Among many are works by a now world renown constructivist Vasiliy Yermilov, and Cubo-Futurist Alexander Bogomazov. The Ukrainian side is represented by works of famous Ukrainian and Russian artists such as David Burliuk, Aleksandra Ekster, Vadim Meller, Kliment Red'ko, Solomon Nikritin, Victor Palmov, Maria Sinyakova, Mikhail Boichuk, Mykola Pymonenko, Ilya Shtilman and many others.
On 26 April 2014, Art retrieved from the ex-president Victor Yanukovich's home is being exhibited at the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9771864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771864" title="Gesinnungsgemeinschaft der Neuen Front">
Gesinnungsgemeinschaft der Neuen Front

Gesinnungsgemeinschaft der Neuen Front (GdNF) is a German organisation that was the main group for neo-Nazi activity during the 1990s. It translates into English as the Community of Like-Minded People of the New Front or the Covenant of the New Front.
The GdNF was formed in 1985 by Michael Kühnen, Thomas Brehl and Christian Worch after the banning of the Action Front of National Socialists/National Activists. Initially a loose group based around the magazine "Die Neue Front", the GdNF was soon formalised into an organisation, taking in most of the membership of the ANS/NA. The group placed itself within the more radical Sturmabteilung tradition of Nazism rather than simple devotion to Adolf Hitler. It also placed importance on opposing the influence of the USA, the destruction of the environment and the weakening of German racial purity. The group was also active in Austria, which it referred to as "Ostmark", and called for the formation of an Austrian SA in a December 1990 edition of its paper "Neuen Front".
When Kühnen came out as a homosexual in 1986 the GdNF remained loyal to him in the resulting split, although the group lost control of the Free German Workers' Party. However the group continued to improve its organisational basis despite this set-back, staging marches, paramilitary training and setting up cells in the German Democratic Republic. It also sought to build up a portfolio of international contacts with which it co-operated on military drilling, propaganda dissemination and arms dispersal.
After the death of Kühnen in 1991, the leadership of the GdNF, which had about 400 fully active members, passed to Worch, Winfried Arnulf Priem and Austrian neo-Nazi leader Gottfried Küssel. In Austria the GdNF worked in tandem with Küssel's "Volkstreue Außerparlamentarische Opposition" (VAPO), a like-minded group. However without Kühnen the group went into terminal decline and became lost in a sea of similar groups that were formed in the 1990s due to ever closer government scrutiny of neo-Nazi activities. The group continued to publish "Neuen Front" although increasingly this became an international magazine of neo-Nazism with close links to the NSDAP/AO with the GdNF doing little beyond publishing this work. With Worch jailed in 1996 and other important figures such as Thomas Brehl starting up their own groups the GdNF gradually passed out of existence. 

</doc>
<doc id="9771897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771897" title="Kalabakan">
Kalabakan

Kalabakan is a small township and also a parliamentary constituency in Sabah, Malaysia. It is located in the Tawau Division, and is about 55 kilometres from Tawau town.This place is situated in Sabah, Malaysia, its geographical coordinates are 4° 25' 0" North, 117° 29' 0" East and its original name (with diacritics) is Kalabakan.

</doc>
<doc id="9771907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771907" title="Aleksei Andreyevich Volkov">
Aleksei Andreyevich Volkov

Aleksei Andreyevich Volkov (1859–1929) was a valet at the court of Tsar Nicholas II. He escaped a death march at Perm in September 1918 and survived to write his memoirs about his time at court and his escape. These include his experience of events such as the Khodynka Tragedy.
Early life.
Volkov was born in the town of Old-Ioriev, Kozlov District, Tambov Guberniya. As a young adult, he entered the Russian Army and rose through the ranks. He was on guard and witnessed the assassination of Tsar Alexander II in 1881. Later he was a military instructor to Tsar Nicholas II. From 1886, he was in service to Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia. He became a valet at the court of the Tsar in 1910. He was the Tsarina's personal servant and often pushed her wheelchair.
Exile.
Volkov followed the Tsar's family and household into internal exile following the Russian Revolution of 1917, but was separated from them at Ekaterinburg and imprisoned at Perm. There, he heard that the Tsar had been murdered by Bolsheviks, though he was unaware that the Tsarina and their children had also been shot.
Escape from death.
On 4 September 1918, he was taken from his prison cell in the middle of the night and led to the prison office, where he saw lady-in-waiting Anastasia Hendrikova and the elderly tutor Catherine Schneider. They were joined by eight other prisoners, including the chambermaid from the house where Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia had lived. They had an escort of twenty-two guards, none of whom where Russian.
Volkov asked a guard where they were being taken and was told they were being taken "to the house of arrest." Hendrikova, who had been in the washroom, asked a guard the same question when she came out. She was told they were being taken "to the central prison." Hendrikova asked him, "and from there?" The guard replied, "Well! to Moscow." Hendrikova repeated this conversation to her fellow prisoners and made the sign of the cross with her fingers. Volkov took her gesture to mean "they will not shoot us."
The sailor at the prison office door kept checking the front door that led to the street to make sure no one was there. After a while another sailor said, "Let's go." They lined the prisoners up in the street in rows of two, the men in front and the women in back. The group walked all the way to the edge of town and onto the Simbirsk road. Volkov asked another prisoner where the central prison was and was told they had long passed it. Volkov realized they were being taken into the woods to be shot. He broke from the group and ran for his life at the first opportunity. A bullet whizzed past his ear. Behind him he heard gunshots as the other prisoners in the group were shot and killed.
Volkov eventually joined other refugees at the White Army headquarters in Omsk and made his escape from Russia through Vladivostok and the Far East. In 1922, he settled in Estonia. He later lived in Denmark, where he was highly respected in the émigré community because of his lifelong loyalty to the Romanov family.
Anna Anderson.
In 1925, Prince Valdemar of Denmark asked Volkov to visit Anna Anderson, who claimed to be Valdemar's great-niece, Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. Anderson was being treated at St. Mary's Hospital in Berlin for a tubercular infection of her arm. When Volkov first arrived at the hospital, on 3 July 1925, he caught a glimpse of Anderson when she went for a walk in the hospital grounds. At that point, Volkov thought Anderson resembled Anastasia, but the next day, they met one another and Volkov was dismayed to find that Anderson could or would not speak Russian with him. Anderson did not recognise him, and Volkov was unable to discern a facial resemblance to Anastasia. The following day, Volkov returned for a third time and expressed his doubts as to her identity, but would not say definitely that Anderson was not Anastasia. On his final visit the following day, 6 July 1925, Anderson correctly answered some of his questions, and recounted stories of Grand Duchess Anastasia's life before the Revolution that moved Volkov to tears.
At the conclusion of his visit, Volkov did not say whether he thought Anderson was or was not Anastasia. Afterwards, in an interview with the Russian-language newspaper "Poslednyi Novosti", published in Estonia on 15 January 1926, Volkov denied Anderson was Anastasia, and decried her as an impostor.
Volkov's memoirs, "Souvenirs d'Alexis Volkov", were published by Payot of Paris in 1928, a year before his death in 1929. Serge Ostrogorsky, a Russian courtier who knew Volkov, claimed after Volkov's death that Volkov had told him that Anderson was not Anastasia and that the encounter had moved him to tears, but also that he admitted that he had kissed her hand. Ostrogorsky claimed that he pressed Volkov to account for the hand-kissing, which "he would never have done if someone other than Grand Duchess Anastasia had been standing before him". At which point, according to Ostrogorsky, Volkov said, "I believe that she is the Grand Duchess, but how can the Grand Duchess speak no Russian?"
In 1995, DNA tests confirmed that Anderson was not Anastasia.

</doc>
<doc id="9771911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771911" title="Eenhana">
Eenhana

Eenhana is the capital town of the Ohangwena Region, northern Namibia, on the border with Angola. Before Namibian independence it was a military centre of the South African Defence Force without public infrastructure. It was proclaimed a settlement in 1992, and a town in 1999. The name of the Eenhana comes from the word calves in Oshikwanyama and is a reference to the calves that used to water at the small water pan where Eenhana is now located.
Eenhana is situated in tropical forest. It is connected to the road network and has a well-developed infrastructure. Due to the proximity of Angola, many businesses are situated here. The town hosts a trade fair every year.
Eenhana is the location of at least five mass graves of SWAPO resistance fighters that date back to the Namibian War of Independence from South Africa. In 2008 the government built the Eenhana Memorial Shrine shrine for those people which is situated on the northern part of the town.
Trade.
The town attempts to attract businesses to the town through business exhibitions, small and medium enterprises and tourism activities. Eenhana Town Council hosts an annual trade fair since 2008. It is investing into marketing activities directed at investors and is assisting business development by developing open markets and providing business skills.
Education.
Eenhana is the home to six schools, three primary, one special school and two secondary: Eenhana Primary School, Paulus Hamuntenya Primary School, Haimbili Haufiku Senior Secondary School, Usko Nghaamwa Special School, Eenhana Junior Secondary School and the new created Nanhapo Primary School. Other education institutions include the University of Namibia's Centre for External Studies, Tate Information Technology School, NAMCOL Centre and the Eenhana Vocational Training Centre.
Tourism.
The Eenhana Memorial Shrine was opened in 2007 during a ceremony with President Hifikepunye Pohamba. It was built by China State Construction Engineering Corp at a cost of N$ 5 million and commemorates the "women and men who sacrificed their lives for the freedom of the country; who died while liberating Namibia from colonialism". In January 2011, it was called a "white elephant" by the state-run New Era newspaper due to a lack of interest by tourists. The site curator at the site noted that the National Heritage Council of Namibia has done less to advertise the site well.
Eenhana is however connected to one of the prominent tourism route; the extension of the Trans-Caprivi Highway which passes through the town connecting Eenhana to Rundu, Katima Mulilo and Victoria Falls/Livingstone in the east and to Ruacana and Epupa falls on the west via Okalongo Outapi road. Other attractions include the Oukwanyama Kingdom and King Mandume Musseum at Omhedi, a Community Conservancy at Omauni in the Okongo District as well as the Ondeshifiilwa Memorial site.

</doc>
<doc id="9771916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771916" title="Inner Smile">
Inner Smile

"Inner Smile" is a song by Scottish pop group Texas, originally released on their 2000 album "The Greatest Hits" and co-written by Gregg Alexander and Rick Nowels. It was released as the second single from "The Greatest Hits" album in the United Kingdom and peaked at #6 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also featured in the final sequence of the feature film "Bend It Like Beckham".
The song was based on Gregg Alexander's unreleased demo "Inner Child" which was written and sung between 1995-1998.
Music video.
The video, directed by Vaughan Arnell, is a homage to Elvis Presley (and specifically his '68 Comeback Special shows) with lead singer Sharleen Spiteri dressed as Elvis in his famous black leather suit and using prosthetics to resemble Elvis. It begins with Sharleen/Elvis turning on a TV (probably to see "the show", i.e. the video clip), then she/he begins to sing. It had some black and white stills showing her in distinct situations (in one of them, Sharleen/Elvis proudly holds a belt with the word "SHAR" instead of "ELVIS", formed with diamonds). In some scenes, she switches from her Elvis costume to another black leather outfit (without prosthetics). The video clip was shot in London in November 2000 with a live audience and with the band members playing different roles as musicians and/or audience members (with Spiteri portraying various groupies). In one of the scenes, Sharleen (as Elvis) sings along with Sharleen. It is often assumed this scene represents Elvis and Priscilla Presley.
Use in media.
The song was featured in Bend It Like Beckham.
The song is used for the theme tune of live League Cup football on Sky Sports.
In 2007, the song was used in adverts for the (now discontinued) Crushed Silk & Jasmine variant of Bold laundry detergent.
The song has been used in adverts for Warner Leisure Hotels since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9771917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771917" title="Leonard Norman">
Leonard Norman

Leonard Norman is a Jersey politician, and Connétable of Saint Clement. He was originally elected to the States of Jersey in 1983, as a Deputy.
Biography.
Len Norman was born in 1947 in Jersey. He was educated at Beaulieu and then at De La Salle College, Jersey.
He is the President of the Jersey Sports Council, President of the Jersey Friends of the Anthony Nolan Bone Marrow Trust and Patron of St Clement Sports Club.
Political career.
He was first elected to the States of Jersey as Deputy of Saint Clement in 1983. In the Senatorial election of 1996 he was elected in 3rd place with 11,017 votes.
In the States, he has been President of the Education Committee, Vice-president of the Harbours and Airport Committee, and Vice-President of the Special Committee on the Composition and Election of the States. In 2005, he was beaten in elections to the Council of Ministers of Jersey by Guy de Faye to become Minister for Transport and Technical Services.
In 2007 he announced his intention to stand for the position of Constable of the parish of St Clement in 2008 following the announcement of the incumbent Derek Gray that he would step down at that time. In the Jersey general election, 2008 he won the Constableship.

</doc>
<doc id="9771922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771922" title="Paul Mounet">
Paul Mounet

Paul Mounet (5 October 1847 – 10 February 1922), born Jean-Paul Sully, was a French actor.
Biography.
The younger brother of actor Jean Mounet-Sully, Paul was born in Bergerac, Dordogne, and studied to become a medical doctor prior to his career in acting, only making his debut in 1880 in Paris Odéon's production of "Horace". It was in 1889 that he first played at the Comédie Française, of which he became 'sociétaire' two years later. Mounet garnored acclaim for his roles in "Les Erynnyes", "L'Arlésienne", "Othello", "Patrie", "Hamlet", "La Furie", "Anthony", "Le Roi", "L'Enigme", "Le Dédale", and "Œdipe Roi".
Mounet would go on to appear in a number of films, including playing the title character in a 1909 silent black-and-white version of "Macbeth", directed by acclaimed French director André Calmettes. 
He served as a professor at the Paris Conservatoire, teaching, among others, Pierre Fresnay, Valentine Tessier, Hélène Dieudonné, Françoise Rosay, and Marioara Ventura and became a Chevalier in the Legion of Honor.
Mounet died of heart disease on February 10, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="9771934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771934" title="Orazio Attanasio">
Orazio Attanasio

Orazio Attanasio (born 31 October 1959, in Naples) is an Italian economist and the Jeremy Bentham Chair of Economics at University College London. He graduated from the University of Bologna in 1982 and London School of Economics in 1988. He then went to teach at Stanford. Currently he is also a member of the Institute for Fiscal Studies in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9771938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771938" title="La Mojarra">
La Mojarra

La Mojarra is an archaeological site in the Mexican state of Veracruz, located not far from the Gulf Coast at a bend in the Acula River. It was continually occupied from the late Formative period (ca. 300 BCE) until perhaps as late as 1000 CE. 
Not a large site, La Mojarra has been little excavated. It covers roughly 1 km² and consists of small mounds and a modest plaza. Three kilns were have been unearthed, which fired locally-used orange pottery. 
Nonetheless, La Mojarra and environs have yielded two important Epi-Olmec culture artifacts: La Mojarra Stela 1 and the Tuxtla Statuette. Both of these artifacts contain what has been classified as Epi-Olmec script as well as very early Long Count calendar dates.

</doc>
<doc id="9771958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771958" title="Tayopa">
Tayopa

Tayopa is the name of a legendary lost silver mine in the Sierra Mountains of Mexico. Many stories, legends and myths surround it as well as articles and books describing the search for it. Folklorist J. Frank Dobie devoted part of his book "Apache Gold and Yaqui Silver" to the story of this legendary lost mine.
See also.
Lost mines

</doc>
<doc id="9771959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771959" title="Patuxent High School">
Patuxent High School

Patuxent High School (pronounced- Pa-tucks-ent) is a comprehensive, four-year public high school in Lusby, Calvert County, Maryland, USA. The school draws from the communities of Cove Point, the Chesapeake Ranch Estates, Drum Point and Solomons.
Patuxent is a 2A school that competes in the Southern Maryland Athletic Conference (SMAC). In 2006 the Varsity Girls Field Hockey team won the Regional finals, and went to the Maryland State finals. In 2007 the Boys' Soccer team won the SMAC championship and County Cup. In 2008 the Varsity Field Hockey team went undefeated all the way up until the Maryland State semi-finals, winning the SMAC championship and the Regional 2A Championship. In 2007, the varsity girls soccer team won the SMAC championship. In 2013, the Varsity Football team won the SMAC Championship and Regional 2A Championship before losing in the State 2A Championship.
Patuxent High School NJROTC.
The Patuxent High School NJROTC was formed in 1999. There are over 150 cadets enrolled in the program.
The battalion holds several national championships: one for its 2003 JROTC Orienteering National Championship another for its 2006 National Championship in Armed and Unarmed Standard Drill. In 2008, the Orienteering team participated in the DVOA Interscholastic National Championship. The team placed 9th in the nation among high school varsity teams and 2nd among NJROTC teams. This was the team's best finish in the Interscholastic Championship since it placed first in 2003, but has been superseded by greater accomplishments in later years. The Competition Air Pistol team placed 1st for the national Air Pistol Competition in Camp Perry Ohio in 2010. In the 2010-2011 school year their academic team, lead by Cadet Bearjar placed sixth in the nation among all ROTC schools. Additionally the team competed in the NJROTC National Drill, Athletic, and Academic Competition in the spring of 2011, placing third nationally for color guard.

</doc>
<doc id="9771965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771965" title="Kathryn Carver">
Kathryn Carver

Kathryn Carver (August 24, 1899 – July 17, 1947) was a silent film actress from New York City.
Carver played in motion pictures during a brief career from 1925-1929. She co-starred with Adolphe Menjou in "Service For Ladies" (1927) and "His Private Life" (1928).
She was married first to photographer Ira L. Hill. They were divorced in 1927. Carver married Menjou in 1928 and they divorced in 1934. Two years later she wed Vincent Hall who stole all her money.
She had a nervous breakdown after the death of her sister in 1932. She retired from making motion pictures in 1934. Carver asked for a temporary allowance of $2,300 per month from Menjou's estimated income of $15,000, when she sued him for divorce. Carver's top salary as an actress was in 1928 when she earned $500 per week.
Kathryn Carver Hall died in 1947 at Horace Harding Hospital in Elmhurst, Queens. Her residence was at 3505 167th, Flushing, Queens.

</doc>
<doc id="9771988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771988" title="Zahra Freeth">
Zahra Freeth

Zahra Dickson Freeth is a British author, the daughter of H. R. P. Dickson (died 1959) and Dame Violet Dickson (died 1991), who has written several books on the Middle East.
Zahra Dickson grew up in Kuwait and later attended boarding schools in England. Her first book, "Kuwait Was My Home", was published in 1956. She accompanied her husband to the bauxite mining town of Mackenzie, now known as Linden, in British Guiana (now Guyana) and wrote "Run Softly, Demerara" (1960) about her experiences there.
Her later writings have been on Middle Eastern topics, including a children's book, "Rashid of Saudi Arabia" (2001). She lives in Essex. Her brother, Saud Dickson, died in May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9771989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771989" title="Fogarty's Cove Music">
Fogarty's Cove Music

Fogarty's Cove Music is a Canadian independent record label founded by Stan Rogers in 1976, surrounding the production of Rogers' second album, "Turnaround". Fogarty's Cove Music is based in Dundas, Ontario, Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="9771991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771991" title="Centre for Enterprise">
Centre for Enterprise

CFE are research and consultancy specialists in employment and skills with an office in Leicester.
CFE is a private company limited by guarantee founded in 1997. CFE’s Managing Director is Abigail Diamond and CFE’s chairman is John Whittaker.
There are 16 research staff providing support to public and private sector clients including government departments and agencies, local authorities, colleges, universities and employers.
Centre for Enterprise Ltd formally changed its name to CFE (Research and Consulting) in 2010 and trades as CFE.

</doc>
<doc id="9771997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9771997" title="Michael Ramsey (disambiguation)">
Michael Ramsey (disambiguation)

Mike Ramsey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9772011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772011" title="Pensiangan">
Pensiangan

Pensiangan is a small town and also a parliamentary constituency in the state of Sabah in Malaysia. It is located in the Interior Division and is the capital of the district of Pensiangan. It is one of the most rural towns in Sabah located deep in the jungles of Borneo, and about 115 kilometres from the nearest coastline. It is also situated less than 20 kilometres from the Indonesian border.

</doc>
<doc id="9772014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772014" title="Black Arrow (disambiguation)">
Black Arrow (disambiguation)

Black Arrow is a British satellite carrier rocket.
Black Arrow may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9772018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772018" title="Kobuvirus">
Kobuvirus

Kobuvirus is a viral genus belonging to the family "Picornaviridae". 
The genus is composed of four species, "Aichi virus", "Bovine kobuvirus", "Porcine kobuvirus" and Canine Kobuvirus, each possessing a single serotype. Aichi virus infects humans, while bovine kobuvirus, porcine kobuvirus and canine kobuvirus, as suggested by their names, infects cattle, swine, dogs and cats.
Virus particles.
The molecular mass of a typical virion particle of this genus is typically eight to nine million. The virions of the viruses in this genus consist of capsids that are 27 to 30 nm in diameter (1). The capsid is described as being round and displaying icosahedral symmetry. The capsid is believed to consist of 12 capsomers and the capsid shell structure of these virions has a monolayer composition (1). Using conventional electron microscopy, the structure of the capsid surface can be visualised (1,2). The virus particles contain a single species of ssRNA. These virions have a sedimentation coefficient of 140-165 S20w. The particles are described to be “relatively stable” in vitro (in comparison to other viruses) and stable in acidic conditions of pH 3.5 (2). They have also been found to be insensitive to treatment with some chemicals including chloroform, ether and non-ionic detergents (2).
Genetics.
The viruses in this genus have single-stranded, linear non-segmented, positive-sense RNA genomes with lengths of approximately 8.2-8.3 kb (2,3).

</doc>
<doc id="9772022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772022" title="Horia, Cloşca şi Crişan Division">
Horia, Cloşca şi Crişan Division

The Horia, Cloșca și Crișan division was created in April 1945 from Romanian volunteers, mostly prisoners of war, but also Communist activists such as Valter Roman. It was created by the Soviet Union at Kotovsk. Its first leader was General Mihail Lascăr, who had been taken prisoner in November 1942, during the Battle of Stalingrad. General Lascăr commanded the division from April 12 to September 12, 1945.
The division did not see combat in World War II. Under the firm control of Romanian communists and backed by Red Army troops, the HCsC Division was a key instrument with which the Soviets established complete communist control of Romania after the war against the wishes of the regular Romanian Land Forces. By 1947, the HCsC Division, along with its sister unit, the Tudor Vladimirescu Division, was motorised and partially equipped with tanks. In an army with practically no armour, this equipment gave the two divisions a significant advantage in mobility and firepower.
In late 1945 the division was reported to have been part of the 4th Army.
From 1954 the division's lineage appears to have been merged with that of the previous 1st Cavalry Division. The Independent Cavalry Division became the Inspectorate General of Cavalry in 1897, Divizia I Cavalerie Independenta in 1913, Brigada 1 Cavalerie in 1948, Divizia 59 Cavalerie in 1953, Divizia 91 Mecanizata "Horea, Cloșca și Crișan" in 1954, 6th Mechanised Division "Horea, Cloșca și Crișan" in 1956, Divizia 6 Tancuri "Horea, Cloșca și Crișan" in 1964.
In 1989, as part of the Fourth Army, its composition was reported as:
In 1994 it was transformed into the 6th Army Corps "Horea, Cloșca și Crișan", and in 2000 into Brigada 6 Tancuri "Horea, Cloșca și Crișan".
Later the division appears to have become the 6th Tank Division and been based at Târgu Mureș.
Sources.
Third Axis Fourth Ally, Mark Axworthy, London: Arms and Armour, 1995. ISBN 1-85409-267-7.
http://www.itcnet.ro/history/archive/mi1998/current1/mi22.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9772025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772025" title="Costas Meghir">
Costas Meghir

Konstantinos "Costas" Meghir (; born February 13, 1959) is a Greek-British economist who graduated from the University of Manchester in 1985. He was awarded the Ragnar Frisch Medal in 2000 for the article "Estimating Labour Supply Responses using Tax Reforms" (with Richard Blundell and Alan Duncan) in Econometrica. He was head of the economics department at University College London from 2004 to 2007. He was elected a fellow of the British Academy in 2005. Currently Meghir is the Douglas A. Warner III Professor of Economics at Yale University.
Publications.
Meghir has over 136 articles referenced here: http://www.ifs.org.uk/people/profile/id/54/show/all ranging from Labor Economics, Education, Impact evaluation, Advanced Econometrics, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9772027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772027" title="DJ Fuze">
DJ Fuze

DJ Fuze, is an American Hip-Hop DJ and Record producer, who is most known for his work in the 1990s with the multi-platinum, P-Funk inspired rap group, Digital Underground.
Digital Underground.
Fuze co-produced several songs on Digital Underground’s grammy nominated and multi-platinum debut album Sex Packets. Most notable of these songs is the bay area classic "Freaks of the Industry". He toured with D.U. internationally in 1990, supporting the group's singles "Doowutchyalike" and "The Humpty Dance" (Billboard Rap Chart position #1), and also toured the U.S. on the 1991 Budweiser Superfest tour supporting their follow up effort This Is An EP Release featuring the single "Same Song" on which a young Tupac Shakur debuted. The following year D.U. released Sons of the P, which featured the hit singles "Kiss You Back" and "No Nose Job", the latter of which showcased a unique scratching technique that Fuze playfully coined "the bumble-bee scratch", inspired by DJ QBert, and featured prominently in the song's intro. He demonstrated this scratch live at the Apollo Theater in 1992 during a televised performance with Digital Underground.
Tupac.
DJ FUZE also collaborated with the late rap superstar Tupac Shakur on his debut album 2PACALYPSE NOW. In addition to naming the album, FUZE produced the song “Violent,” which is a partial remake of Shabba Ranks' and Cocoa Tea's dance-hall hit Pirate Anthem.
Other work.
Raw Fusion.
DJ FUZE was also one half of the group Raw Fusion along with fellow DU member Money-B. In 1991, the two scored a minor bay area radio hit “Throw Your Hands In The Air,” which was the first single from their debut album Live From The Styleetron. The video, which featured cameo appearances by rappers Tupac and Saafir, was the first major video production by directors The Hughes Brothers, who later directed Menace To Society, Dead Presidents, American Pimp, and From Hell.
The Luniz.
In 1994, DJ FUZE began working with the Oakland duo The Luniz, and produced three songs on their debut multi-platinum release Operation Stackola. Fuze also toured internationally with The Luniz during their platinum period, supporting their hit I Got Five On It.
Dru Down.
DJ FUZE also produced a minor Bay Area hit “Can You Feel Me” for Oakland rapper Dru Down in 1996.
Film and Video Appearances.
FUZE appeared with Digital Underground in the Hollywood cult film flop “Nothing But Trouble,” which starred Dan Akroyd, John Candy, Chevy Chase, and Demi Moore. He also is featured in digital undergrounds videos for The Humpty Dance, Doowutchyalike, Same Song, Kiss You Back, and No Nose Job.
FUZE also appeared with Tupac in the oscar nominated documentary film Tupac Resurrection, as well as in Tupac’s first two music videos, “Trapped” and “Brenda’s Got A Baby."
Current Activity.
DJ FUZE returned to college in 2003 and received a B.A. in International Development from the University of California, Berkeley in 2007. He began touring again with digital underground upon graduating college, and has also been sitting in with Dave Chappelle since 2008, at the comedian's exclusive Bay Area improv performances.

</doc>
<doc id="9772035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772035" title="Jonas Berkeley">
Jonas Berkeley

Jonas Berkeley is a saxophonist from the Southern Ontario region of Canada, and his work was nominated for a Juno Award (Best Alternative Album) with the Constantines on 2003's "Shine A Light;; (see nomination listing for the following year). He has been playing for 17 years and is conversant on tenor and baritone sax, flute, clarinet and bass clarinet. He has worked on cruise ships, and in a variety of musical theatre productions, such as "Grease!" and "Jesus Christ Superstar" (see Hamilton Spectator reviews, 1997–2000). His West-coast funk band, "Foundation", was named "The Nerve Magazine'' Best Local Band of the Year by their in-house critic, Filmore Mescalito Holmes (see Best of the Year, 2006). He is also an actor, having appeared in ", RV, Wildfires", the "4400, Eureka, Kyle XY, The Evidence, Stargate: Atlantis, Dungeon Siege" and more. He is a traveller, having visited most of the Western Hemisphere in a plane, van or ship. He is an accomplished sailor, having done some racing on the Eerie Witch out of Port Dover. He has lived in the Caribbean for the last 3 winters and does not plan on remaining in Canada for another.

</doc>
<doc id="9772036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772036" title="Forest City Regional School District">
Forest City Regional School District

The Forest City Regional School District is located in the small borough of Forest City, Pennsylvania, USA in the northeastern corner of the state. It is a small, rural public school district made up of students from Susquehanna, Lackawanna and Wayne counties, including the boroughs of Forest City, Vandling and Union Dale and the townships of Mount Pleasant, Clinton and Herrick. The district covers an area of . Forest City Regional had 884 students in 2004. The district students are 96% white, 1% Asian, 1% black and 2% Hispanic. According to School District officials, in school year 2007-08, the Forest City Regional School District provided basic educational services to 972 pupils through the employment of 75 teachers, 55 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 14 administrators. Forest City Regional School District received more than $11.4 million in state funding in school year 2007-08.
The district started with three buildings, two elementary schools (William Penn Elementary, Lincoln Elementary) and Forest City High School. An addition to the high school was done in 1967. In 1971, the three schools were combined into one. In 1995, the building was again expanded. A new gymnasium, an auditorium, a computer lab, a chemistry lab and more classrooms were added. Extensive remodeling was also done at this time to the existing structure. The high school serves as the starting point for the Steamtown Marathon.
In 2011, the district operates 2 schools: an elementary school and a high school.
Academic achievement.
Forest City Regional School District was ranked 277th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts in 2013 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on the last three years of student academic performance on the PSSAs for: reading, writing, math and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2012, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Forest City Regional School District ranked 18th. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
In 2009, the academic achievement, of the students in the Forest City Regional School District, was in the 24th percentile among all 500 Pennsylvania school districts Scale (0-99; 100 is state best) 
District Adequate Yearly Progress history.
In 2011 and 2012, Forest City Regional School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of Pennsylvania public school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Forest City Regional School District achieved AYP from 2006 through 2010. In 2005, the District declined to Warning status. In both 2003 and 2004, Forest City Regional achieved AYP.
Graduation rate.
In 2012, Forest City Regional School District's graduation rate declined to 90%. In 2011, Forest City Regional School District's graduation rate was 93%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Forest City Regional High School's rate was 84% for 2010.
According to traditional graduation rate calculations:
High school.
Forest City Regional High School is located at 100 Susquehanna Street, Forest City. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 437 pupils in grades 7th through 12th, with 184 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 33 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 12 teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2012, Forest City Regional High School declined to Warning AYP status, due to lagging student achievement in reading and mathematics. In 2011, the High School achieved AYP. Forest City Regional High School was in School Improvement level II due to chronic low student achievement in 2009 and 2010.
Science in Motion Forest City Regional High School did not take advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Wilkes University provides the experiences to schools in the North eastern Pennsylvania region.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 21% of Forest City Regional High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers the Pennsylvania dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. The Pennsylvania College Credit Transfer System reported in 2009, that students saved nearly $35.4 million by having their transferred credits count towards a degree under the new system. In 2010, the district received a $9,540 state grant to be used to assist students with tuition, fees and books.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 46 Forest City Regional School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 468. The Math average score was 467. The Writing average score was 456. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 46 students at Forest City Regional School District took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 467. The Math average score was 480. The Writing average score was 450. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Elementary School.
Forest City Regional Elementary School is located at 100 Susquehanna Street, Forest City. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 459 pupils in grades preschool through 6th, with 232 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 37 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
Forest City Elementary School offers a taxpayer funded Preschool program for all children within the District who are four years old as of the first day of school. In 2011-12, there were three classroom teachers with full day sessions (8:30-3:00). There are also six teacher assistants to assist the classroom teachers. Children are transported to school from their home or local daycare center on a separate bus. All students receive breakfast, a hot lunch and snack everyday.
in 2009 and 2010 the attendance rate was reported as 94%.
In 2009 through 2012, Forest City Regional Elementary School achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status. In 2011, the School is recognized as a Blue Ribbon School by the US Department of Education in 2011. The school was nominated by the Superintendent and approved by Pennsylvania Department of Education officials, for this federal recognition program.
Special education.
In December 2010, the district administration reported that 166 pupils or 18% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. Among the identified students 54% had a specific learning disability. In December 2009, the district administration reported that 170 pupils or 18% of the district's pupils received Special Education services.
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Special Education Department.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for Special Education services. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each district to have a three year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Overidentification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education.
Forest City Regional School District received a $465,420 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011-12 school year, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 1 student or 1.12% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The primary emphasis is on enrichment and acceleration of the regular education curriculum through a push in model with the gifted instructor in the classroom with the regular instructor. This approach permits such specialized instructional strategies as tiered assignments, curriculum compacting, flexible grouping, learning stations, independent projects and independent contracts. Students identified as gifted attending the High School have access to honors and advanced placement courses, and dual enrollment with local colleges. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Budget.
In 2009, the district reports employing over 80 teachers with a starting salary of $40,240 for 185 days for pupil instruction. The average teacher salary was $53,085 while the maximum salary is $108,899. By contract the teachers work a 7 hour 10 minute day.As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Additionally, Forest City Regional School District teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 sick days and other benefits. Teachers are paid $21.50 per hour if they are required to work outside of the regular school day. According to State Rep. Glen Grell, a trustee of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees’ Retirement System Board, a 40-year educator can retire with a pension equal to 100 percent of their final salary. Additionally teachers receive payment for unused sick days upon retirement after 25 years. The district pays the health insurance premium for early retirees until age 65 years.
In 2007, the district employed 70 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $49,068 for 180 school days worked.
Forest City Regional School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $706.27 per pupil. The district is ranked 309th out of 500 in Pennsylvania for administrative spending. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The district reported that the superintendent's salary was $112,819, in 2009.
In 2008, Forest City Regional School District reported spending $12,700 per pupil. This ranked 200th in the commonwealth. In 2010 the per pupil spending had increased to $13,929.60 Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759.
In 2009, the district reported $2,655,601 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was reported as zero. In 2010, Forest City Regional Administration reported an increase to $$3,040,512.00 in the unreserved-designated fund balance, while the an unreserved-undesignated fund balance was zero. Pennsylvania school district reserve funds are divided into two categories – designated and undesignated. The undesignated funds are not committed to any planned project. Designated funds and any other funds, such as capital reserves, are allocated to specific projects. School districts are required by state law to keep 5 percent of their annual spending in the undesignated reserve funds to preserve bond ratings. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, from 2003 to 2010, as a whole, Pennsylvania school districts amassed nearly $3 billion in reserved funds.
In July 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. Findings were reported to the administration and school board.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax regardless of the individual's wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2013-14 school year, Forest City Regional School District will receive $3,275,421 in Pennsylvania Basic Education Funding, which is $41,401 more than its 2012-13 state BEF to the District. Additionally, the District will receive $57,371 in Accountability Block Grant funding to focus on academic achievement and level funding for special education services. The District has the option of applying for several other state and federal grants to increase revenues. The Commonwealth’s budget increased Basic Education Funding statewide by $123 million to over $5.5 billion. The state funded the PSERS (state school employee pension fund) with $1,017,000,000 and Social Security payments for school employees of $495 million.
For the 2012-13 school year, the Forest City Regional School District received $3,234,000 in state Basic Education Funding. The District also received state funding for transportation, teachers' pension costs and special education costs. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block Grant (ABG) program. Forest City Regional School District received $57,371 in ABG funds. The state also provided an $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS. This amount was a $21,823,000 increase (0.34%) over the 2011-2012 appropriations for Basic Education Funding, School Employees' Social Security, Pupil Transportation, Nonpublic and Charter School Pupil Transportation. Since taking office, Corbett’s first two budgets have restored more than $918 million in support of public schools, compensating for the $1 billion in federal stimulus dollars lost at the end of the 2010-11 school year.
In 2011-12, Forest City Regional School District received a $3,234,020 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the School District received $57,371 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget included $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. In 2010, the district reported that 882 students received free or reduced-price lunches, due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
For 2010-11 the Forest City Regional School District received a 2% increase in state Basic Education Funding resulting in a $3,429,209 payment. Elk Lake School District received a 2.82% increase, which was the highest increase in BEF in Susquehanna County. Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County received the highest increase in the state at 23.65% increase in funding for the 2010-11 school year. One hundred fifty school districts received the base 2% increase in 2010-11. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where a district received at least the same amount as the year before, even where enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. This was the second year of Governor Rendell’s policy to fund some districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009-10 school budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 3.69% increase in Basic Education funding for a total of $3,361,970 to the Forest City Regional School District. The state Basic Education funding to the district in 2008-09 was $3,234,020.00. The district also received supplemental funding for English language learners, Title 1 federal funding for low-income students, for district size, a poverty supplement from the commonwealth and more. Montrose Area School District received a 4.88% increase, the highest increase in Susquehanna County for the 2009-10 school year. Among the 500 school districts in Pennsylvania, Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received the highest with a 22.31% increase in funding. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 427 district students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007-2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010-11 the Forest City Regional School District applied for and received $155,720 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district used the funding to provide full-day kindergarten for the 7th year and to increase instructional time. It also used the money for before and after school tutoring for students and for teacher training.
Education Assistance grant.
The state's Education Assistance Program funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds were available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code. In 2010-11 the Forest City Regional School District received $35,172.
Environmental Education Grant.
The Environmental Education Grant Program was established by the Environmental Education Act of 1993, which mandates that 5 percent of all pollution fines and penalties collected annually by the Department of Environmental Protection be set aside for environmental education. In 2010, Forest City Regional School District was awarded $5,235.
PreK Counts grant.
Forest City Regional School District received state funding to provide taxpayer funded preschool at the elementary school. For the 2011 school year, Pre-K Counts was funded at the 2010 levels of $83.6 million statewide in Gov. Tom Corbett`s proposed budget. The state also supplements the federal Head Start preschool program with an additional $37.6 million. Pre-K Counts funding was initiated during the Rendell administration. In 2007-08 the state funded Pre-K Counts at $75 million. Forest City Regional School District received funding in 2007-08. In 2009-10 the district received $300,200 to provide preschool to 50 children.
Science It’s Elementary grant.
Forest City Regional Elementary School successfully applied to participate and received a Science It’s Elementary grant in 2008-09. For the 2008-09 school year, the program was offered in 143 schools reaching 2,847 teachers and 66,973 students across Pennsylvania. In 2007, the Pennsylvania Department of Education initiated an effort to improve science instruction in the Commonwealth’s public elementary schools. Called Science: It’s Elementary, the program is a hands on instruction approach for elementary science classes that develops problem-solving and critical thinking skills. To encourage schools to adopt the program’s standards aligned curriculum, the state provided a grant to cover the costs of materials and extensive mandatory teacher training. The district was required to develop a three-year implementation plan for the participating school. The District also was required to appoint a district liaison who was paid $3000 by PDE to serve as the conduit of all information between the district and the Department and its agents along with submitting orders and distributing supplies to implementing teachers. For the 2006-07 state education budget, $10 million was allocated. The 2006-07 State Education Budget provided $635 million in new spending for pre-K through 12th grades for the 2006-07 school year. This marks an 8-percent increase over 2005-06 public school funding. The grant program was expanded to $14.5 million in the 2008-09 budget.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Forest City Regional School District did not apply for funding in 2006-07. In 2007-08 the district received $105,541. For the 2008-09, school year the district received $45,413 for a total of $150,954. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The district received an extra $492,226 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like Title 1, special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was limited to the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly advised to use the funds for one-time expenditures like acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top grant.
School district officials did not apply for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have brought the district hundreds of thousands of additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Forest City Regional School Board chose to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement any of the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
The Forest City Regional School Board set property tax rates in 2013-14 at 37.68 mills for properties in Susquehanna County. Property owners in Wayne County pay 15.61 mills. Property owners in Lackawanna County pay 86.83 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and all government property (local, state and federal). Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania public school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections (Local Tax Enabling Act), which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. When a Pennsylvania public school district includes municipalities in two or more counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, a state board equalizes the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the State Tax Equalization Board (STEB) were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts, including those that did not cross county borders.
The average yearly property tax paid by Susquehanna County residents amounts to about 3.66% of their yearly income. Susquehanna County ranked 331st out of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. In Lackawanna County property taxes amount to 3.4% of residents' income; ranking 413th of 3143 US counties. According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not authorized to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six of the ten exceptions to the Act 1 Index. The following exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Forest City Regional School District 2006-2007 through 2010-2011.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Forest City Regional School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011-12 school year, the Forest City Regional School Board did not apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year, the Forest City Regional School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
Forest City Regional School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budgets in 2009-10 or in 2010-11. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2009, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Forest City Regional School District was $245 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 1,324 property owners applied for the tax relief. The tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property on the individual's tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. The Pennsylvania Auditor General found that 48% of property owners applied for tax relief in Susquehanna County. In Susquehanna County, the highest property tax relief in 2009 was awarded to the approved property owners in Blue Ridge School District. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $632 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. This was the second year Chester Upland School District was the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently individuals who have income substantially more than $35,000, may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Enrollment.
Forest City Regional School District is experiencing low enrollment in K-12. The Pennsylvania Department of Education projects the district's enrollment will decline to 800 pupils through 2018. Shifting population trends across the U.S. and Pennsylvania are affecting school enrollment and may impact the building needs of school districts in the years to come. Over the next 10 years, rural Pennsylvania school enrollment is projected to decrease 8 percent. The most significant enrollment decline is projected to be in western Pennsylvania, where rural school districts may have a 16 percent decline. More than 40 percent of elementary schools and more than 60 percent of secondary schools in western Pennsylvania are projected to experience significant enrollment decreases (15 percent or greater).
A study done by Standard and Poors in 2007 (at the request of the PA General Assembly) examined whether the consolidation of small school district's administrations would yield saving where the resulting district had 3000 pupils or less. Superintendent were asked about savings, if their district were to merge with another district at the administrative level only, but not close any of their schools. It found 42% of survey respondents thought consolidation could achieve cost reductions. Additionally, 63% of responding superintendents believed that consolidation with another district would help provide additional academic enrichment opportunities for the students. In March 2011, the Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants Fiscal Responsibility Task Force released a report which found that consolidating school district administrations with one neighboring district would save the Commonwealth $1.2 billion without forcing the consolidation of any schools.
Extracurriculars.
The Forest City Regional School District offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility to participate is set by school board policies.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those home schooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9772040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772040" title="Normand Roger">
Normand Roger

Normand Roger (born 1949 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian composer, sound editor and sound designer. He is particularly known for his work as a composer of soundtracks for animated films, having composed more than 200 such works since 1970. He has also worked on the creation of music for documentaries, feature films, television dramas, children's series, commercials, and new technologies with 3D and virtual reality. He is the composer of many original soundtracks for Frédéric Back, Paul Driessen, Michaël Dudok de Wit, Caroline Leaf and Aleksandr Petrov. Thirteen of his works have been nominated for Academy Awards, of which six have won. He also notably wrote the theme for the PBS's "Mystery!". Roger lectures throughout the world on music and sound for animation.
Roger has spent nearly 40 years creating soundtracks for the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) in his hometown of Montreal, after first being hired for its animation department at the age of 22. His extensive NFB credits include "Every Child" and "The Sand Castle", both winners of the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.

</doc>
<doc id="9772060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772060" title="Sindumin">
Sindumin

Sindumin previously known as "Mengalong" in the 1960s, is a town in Sabah, Malaysia. It is situated on the Sabah-Sarawak border in the Interior Division of Sabah along the Mengalong river. It is also one of the towns within the Brunei Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="9772075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772075" title="Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3">
Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3

"Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3" is a song and single by Ian Dury and the Blockheads, initially released as the single "Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3 / Common as Muck" issued on 20 July 1979 and reached number 3 in the UK singles Chart the following month. It is the last single to be released by the band in their original line-up
Recording.
"Reasons to be Cheerful" was not recorded at The Workhouse, Fulham with the material that made up the "Do it Yourself" album but in Eretcia Studios (owned by RCA) in Rome during a break in a long European tour. According to its author Ian Dury the song was inspired by a near fatal accident involving a lighting roadie. Roadie Charley almost got electrocuted in Italy by a microphone stand while leaning over a mixing desk. Another roadie saved his life, hence why 'no electric shocks' is included in the song's lyrics. The song was written in the band's hotel during the aftermath of this and a fight that broke out at the venue when the band were forced to cancel the show because of the safety issues and both it and b-side "Common As Muck" were recorded in the break in the tour caused by the cancellation of the Italian shows.
Saxophonist Davey Payne was upset about the financial disparities within Dury’s band so in order to placate him, Dury told co-writer Chas Jankel to incorporate a sax solo part in the middle, which Payne could improvise and thus earn a share in the song.
Composition.
Musically "Reasons to be Cheerful" is noticeably different from Ian Dury's other output, even from the funkier, softer tracks from Do It Yourself and his hit single "Hit Me with Your Rhythm Stick" and radically different from "New Boots and Panties!!" and the material that would follow Reasons on "Laughter". Instead the music owes much to Disco records and soft funk with rapped lyrics.
The song has been described as a 'shopping-list song'. It is a simple list of a number of reasons to be cheerful. In that respect it is almost identical to an older Ian Dury track, "England's Glory", a song that he had refused to revive when asked the previous year. The list of reasons to be cheerful includes:
Common as Muck has a much more 'classic Dury' sound. It is an amusing number written sometime before its A-side, celebrating being 'common' (working class). Like its A-side it is filled with namechecks including Lionel Blair, Evonne Goolagong, Jack Palance and Fred Astaire.
Re-releases and versions.
As with "Hit Me With Your Rhythm Stick" before it, "Reasons to be Cheerful" can now be found easily on every Ian Dury compilation to date. Like all of Ian Dury's singles, this was not originally the case because, in keeping with Ian Dury's singles policy at the time, the song was omitted from the next album (Laughter) and was not made available again. It first re-appeared on the compilation album "Jukebox Dury" two years later in 1981.
Demon Records chose bizarrely to add "Reasons to Be Cheerful" as the sole bonus track to its CD re-issue of "Laughter". This was an unusual choice considering it has no relation to the album, which was recorded by another line-up of the band including Dr. Feelgood guitarist Wilko Johnson and that the song was already included as a bonus track on their re-issue of "Do It Yourself".
Edsel Records has included both "Reasons to be Cheerful" and its extended mix on its 2-Disc edition of "Do It Yourself".
Versions.
For the 12" version of the single, a longer remixed version of the track was released, this was later included as a bonus track for both Demon and Edsel Records CD re-issues of the Do it Yourself album
A live version of "Reasons to Cheerful" omitted from the original record, was added as a bonus track to the CD re-issue of Ian Dury and The Blockhead's Live Album "Warts 'n' Audience" it closes the band's set and features Ian Dury promising to make an album in the near future.
Name.
Similar to "Sex and Drugs and Rock and Roll", "Reasons to be Cheerful" can be found spelt various ways, including on some official Ian Dury records. Variations included "Reasons to be Cheerful Part 3", with no comma, "Reasons to be Cheerful (Part 3)", "Reasons to be Cheerful pt. 3", "Reasons to be Cheerful (Pt. 3)", and simply "Reasons to be Cheerful" without the Part 3 at all. The original single spells it "Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3" on the label of the 7" pressing, "Reasons to be Cheerful, Pt. 3" on the label of the 12" but "Reasons to be Cheerful (Part Three)" on the cover of both pressings.

</doc>
<doc id="9772086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772086" title="Ramsewak Shankar">
Ramsewak Shankar

Ramsewak Shankar (born November 6, 1937) is a Surinamese politician who was the 4th President of Suriname from 1988 to 1990. He was previously Agriculture & Fisheries Minister from 1969 to 1971. He studied at Wageningen University in the Netherlands.
He was elected as President by the National Assembly after a parliamentary election
was held in November 1987 following the adoption of a new constitution by the ruling
military regime. Ramsewak Shankar was a former agriculture minister and succeeded
Ramdat Misier as the President of Suriname.
In 1989 he agreed on pardoning the maroons, or bush negroes, and the possibility of their
members keeping their arms when moving within the rain forest. Dési Bouterse
and the National Democratic Party opposed the agreement, calling it a violation of the constitution and saying that this would lead to legalizing an independent military force.
In 1990, Shankar was ousted in a bloodless military coup (known as the "Telephone coup")
led by Bouterse, and a military backed government was installed with Ivan Graanoogst and later Johan Kraag as the
new president.

</doc>
<doc id="9772089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772089" title="Shikellamy High School">
Shikellamy High School

Shikellamy High School is a public high school located in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, USA, built in 1929. It is part of the Shikellamy School District. It is the middle school and senior high school for the communities of Northumberland, Point Township, Rockefeller Township, Snydertown Borough, the City of Sunbury, and Upper Augusta Township. Shikellamy is a federally designated Title I school. The school serves about 1,100 students in grades 7th-12th. The High School principal is Michael Hubicki. The assistant principal is Mary Murphy-Kahn. In 2011, the Shikellamy School Board made a controversial decision to realigned the school to include grades 7 and 8. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
The High School added a new addition, extending into the old tennis courts. The addition allowed for a larger gym, cafeteria, and band room. They also made substantial upgrades of the football facilities.
Graduation Rate.
In 2012, Shikellamy HIgh School's graduation rate was 77.73%. In 2011, Shikellamy High School reported an 79.25% graduation rate. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4 year cohort graduation rate. Shikellamy High School's rate was 79.25% for 2010.
Former AYP graduation rate:
The district's policy is that if proficiency is not achieved on mathematics and reading PSSAs, a retest will be administered during the senior year for deficient subject areas. Failure to achieve proficiency in the retest requires a passing grade on a final examination and a passing course grade for any and all deficient subject areas reported by the Pennsylvania System of School Assessment. The student must pass both the course and the final examination in order to graduate. If a student fails to show evidence of this proficiency, the student can achieve a Shikellamy diploma by passing a summer school course or by returning for an additional school year to achieve a passing grade.
The curriculum is under revision to align it with the 1999 Pennsylvania Academic Standards. These standards are assessed in the third through eighth and eleventh grades under the guise of the Pennsylvania System of School Assessment. These tests last several days and cover Reading, Writing, Speaking, Mathematics, and Science. Revision of the Shikellamy School District's mathematics curriculum, to bring it into compliance with Chapter 4 regulations of 2000, began in fall 2007.
In 2007, Shikellamy School District was awarded two state grants to improve the education of their high school students. The administration announced the receipt of a three year Project 720 grant of $270,000. Some of these dollars will be used to revise the graduation project to include a career component. The district was also awarded a $339,000 grant to infuse technology into the core curriculum of the high school. The Classrooms for the Future grant provides laptop computers for English, math, science and social studies classrooms. Additionally, the state will cover the salary of a part-time teacher technology coach whose role is to assist the teachers in using the equipment and software effectively to improve their instruction.
Academic achievement.
Shikellamy High School achieved 67.6 out of 100. Reflects on grade level reading, mathematics and science achievement. In reading/literature - 76% were on grade level. In Algebra 1, 65.5% showed on grade level skills. In Biology, 46% showed on grade level science understanding.
In 2012, Shikellamy High School declined further to Corrective Action II Second year status due to continuing low student achievement. The School missed all metrics measured in both reading and mathematics. In 2011, Shikellamy High School declined to Corrective Action II first year status due to declining student achievement. It was revealed that a teacher had given copies of the PSSAs to students to practice for the exams. The principal was permitted to resign and the issue was reported to the state. In 2010, Shikellamy High School achieved Making Progress: in Corrective Action I status on student achievement. In 2009, the school was in Corrective Action I status due to chronic, low student academic achievement.
In 2009, Shikellamy High School ranked 464th out of 666 Pennsylvania high schools for the reading and mathematics achievement of its students.
Shikellamy High School was placed under Needs Improvement Level 1 designation in No Child Left Behind for the low mathematics test scores for economically disadvantaged students in 2008. In 2006-2007, the school moved into Improvement Level II due to low math and reading scores and a declining graduation rate. Multiple explanations for the chronically low results were offered by the district's superintendent. In 2009, an inadequate number of Shikellamy High School students were on grade level for the fourth year in a row. Due to poor performance on state standards testing coupled with inadequate improvement over time, the high school was moved to Corrective Action 1 in 2009. The state has provided extensive resources to assist the school in improving its education program through a School Improvement Planning process as dictated by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Further interventions will be used to meet the needs of the students. Of Pennsylvania's 3115 public schools, 53 are in Corrective Action 1 and another 169 are in Corrective Action 2. In 2009, 468 of the state's 500 school districts met all Adequate Yearly Progress targets.
In 2008, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" ranked the Shikellamy School District 425th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts based on three years of PSSA scores in: reading, writing, mathematics and one year of science. In 2007, the district was ranked 434th of 500 districts.
In 2006, Shikellamy High School ranked 384th out 607 Pennsylvania high schools based on student academic achievement in mathematics and reading. In 2005, the high school was ranked 384th out of 606 public high schools in Pennsylvania.
In 2010, Shikellamy High School was investigated for testing improprieties, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. A teacher improperly provided some students with PSSA math questions in advance of the exams. The Principal voluntarily resigned his position at the end of the school year.
Superintendent Alan Locononus acknowledged the District's shortcomings in curriculum and student expectations. He reported taking several actions to improve student academic success, including modifying the curriculum to increase rigor in the middle school and high school.
Science in Motion High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Susquehanna University provided the science enrichment experiences to schools in the region.
SATs.
Average Score 994, National Average - 1001<br>
Verbal - 487, National Average - 497<br>
Math - 508, National Average - 504<br>
Students Tested - 130
In 2005, 29 students participated in two AP courses. For both English AP and History AP 48% scored 3 or better which could lead to college credits depending on the college's policies.
SAT Reasoning Test 2007<br>
Average Score 1367, National Average - 1001<br>
Verbal - 740, National Average - 497<br>
Math - 627, National Average - 504<br>
Students Tested - 237
SAT Reasoning Test 2009 Shikellamy Students tested - 131<br>
Writing Score 462, State Writing 493, National Average - 493<br>
Verbal - 468, State - Verbal 501, National Average - 501<br>
Math - 493, State - Math 515, National Average - 515
SAT Reasoning Test 2012 Shikellamy Students tested - 127<br>
Writing Score 453, State Writing 480, National Average - 488<br>
Verbal - 468, State - Verbal 491, National Average - 496<br>
Math - 467, State - Math 501, National Average - 514
SAT Reasoning Test 2013 <br>
Writing score 467, State - 482<br>
Verbal score 475, State - 494<br>
Math score 484, State - 504
Dual enrollment.
The Shikellamy High School offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $27,922 for the program. By Pennsylvania law, this program is open to students, residing in the district who are home schooled or attend nonpublic schools. At Shikellamy High School the program is offered in association with Susquehanna University and Bloomsburg University. Courses are offered locally. Students may also attend Bloomsburg University the summer of their junior and senior years at a 75% discount rate.
Graduation requirements.
Among Pennsylvania's 500 public school districts, graduation requirements widely vary. The Shikellamy School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 26 credits to graduate, including: Mathematics 4 credits, Communication Arts 4 credits, Social Studies 4 credits, Science 4 credits, Computer Applications 0.5%, Physical Education 2.75 credits, Arts and Humanities 2 credits and electives 4.75 credits. Students must earn 6 credits to enter 10th grade and at least 13 credits to enter 11th grade.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students were required to complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania State Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. The exam is given at the end of the course. Keystone Exams replace the PSSAs for 11th grade.
Technology.
The District is connected to the Internet with 4 Mb of bandwidth, burstable to 10 Mb. We are connected from one building to the other with a fiber WAN. All buildings have a wired network. The secondary buildings also have a wireless network.
The High School is equipped with a SmartBoard in every department, and in most cases, in every room. There are also 4 mobile laptop carts of 30 laptops each that can be signed out for student use in the classroom. The library has 20 desktop computers for student use. There are 4 main instructional computer labs with 28 computers each, and many mini-labs for student use in the Art, Science, English, Music, and Social Studies departments. All secondary students have their own network accounts and space to store files.
PowerSchool Parent Portal is available to parents of students in the high school. This provides parents with online information about their child's attendance and grades.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The state grant requires the district hire a part-time technology coach, whose role is to assist the teachers in using the equipment and software effectively to improve their instruction. The salary is covered by the grant. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Shikellamy School District applied, but was denied funding in 2006-07. In 2007-08, the District received $316,667. The District received $57,023 in 2008-09 for a total of $373,690. Among the public school districts in County the highest award was given to Shikellamy School District. The highest funding statewide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. The grant program was discontinued by Governor Edward Rendell as part of the 2009-10 state budget.
Vo-Tech.
SUN Area Technical School is a regional vocational school, offering adult education classes, vocational education, and technical career training. SUN Tech serves over 1500 people annually. ISO9001 and Middle States Accredited. SUN Tech was presented with the Significant Achievement Award in Education for raising their Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award score to 648 points, a 345 point increase from 303 points in August, 2000.
Extracurriculars.
Shikellamy High School offers many extracurricular activities to its students. It has many clubs, including: foreign language clubs, Future Scientists/Business Leaders of America, science clubs, and community service clubs. The school is well known for its band and theatre, and forensics programs. A JROTC program is offered. Their drama club is one of the best in the state. Their musicals out perform any school in their area.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Athletics.
Shikellamy School Board has determined the eligibility to participate in school district policies. The district is a member of the for all athletics and participates under the rules and guidelines of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association. Shikellamy High School is a Class AAA school.
According to PIAA directory July 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="9772095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772095" title="Cuxhaven station">
Cuxhaven station

Cuxhaven is a railway station in northwestern Germany.
The station is a terminal station with passenger services to Bremerhaven and to Hamburg. The Cuxhaven-Bremerhaven service is operated by Nordseebahn, a joint venture of several train operating companies. The Cuxhaven to Hamburg service, which was operated by Deutsche Bahn, became a metronom service by the end of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9772101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772101" title="Tong Tong Fair">
Tong Tong Fair

The Tong Tong Fair (formerly known as Pasar Malam Besar) is the largest festival in the world for Indo (European-Indonesian) culture, held annually in the Netherlands. In 2009 it was renamed to 'Tong Tong Fair'. Established in 1959 it is one of the oldest festivals and the fourth largest grand fair in the Netherlands. It is also the annual event with the highest number of paying visitors of the Dutch city of The Hague, having consistently attracted more than 100,000 visitors since 1993.
The name ‘Pasar Malam Besar’ is derived from the Indonesian/Malay language and literally means ‘Great Night Market’. The new name was chosen to emphasise its link with the 'Tong Tong Foundation' and its cultural mission. Another reason was to distinguish oneself from the many other fairs under the name "pasar malam".
Every summer the 'Tong Tong Fair' formerly known as the ‘Pasar Malam Besar’ is raised on its dedicated fairground, called the ‘Malieveld’, close to the central train station of The Hague. 22.000 m² of festival terrain and many, mostly Indo, volunteers will facilitate visitors from both the Netherlands and abroad. The festival hosts three popular food courts, a culinary theatre, many large to medium stages for performance art, workshop areas, areas for lecture and interviews, market areas, as well as specific fair areas for trading merchandise.
Mission.
The main mission of this unique Eurasian event is to celebrate, preserve and develop Indo culture at large and herewith serves the historical purpose of major festivals anywhere. In meeting its specific social needs and duties, as well as providing entertainment, it offers the Indo community a sense of belonging and unity. In its capacity of cultural platform and forum it informs community members of their roots and traditions, transferring knowledge and skills to next generations.
History.
In defiance of government pressure to assimilate into Dutch society, a group of outspoken and independent Indos, organized in the so-called ‘Indies Cultural Circle’, assembled around famous Indo intellectual Tjalie Robinson. One of their accomplishments was the founding of the ‘Pasar Malam Besar’ in 1959. Its continued success in attracting visitors of all generations and presenting a diverse and progressive programme, while preserving the centuries old cultural ties with the Indonesian Archipelago has gone beyond their expectations. In 2003 HM Queen Beatrix herself officially opened the 45th ‘Pasar Malam Besar’. The royal opening was repeated in 2008 for its 50th edition, which was the last time the name Pasar Malam Besar was used.
Since the Indonesian National Revolution and the expulsion of all Dutch citizens from the Republic of Indonesia, the consequent fall out between the Netherlands and Indonesia has led to a long freeze of political, economical and even academic and cultural relations between the 2 nations. To a degree, this has lasted well into the 21st century. The Tong Tong Fair has always attempted to rekindle and foster those relations and since the 1970s consistently invited Indonesian artisans to the event. It was here that for instance the Royal princesses of Solo, daughters of Pakubuwono XII, performed the exclusive Serimpi dances in 1985. It was the first time in history that members of the Surakarta nobility performed these dances outside the Kraton (Royal Palace) of Solo.
In 1985 the Tong Tong Fair also organised a benefit to help rebuild the Kraton of Solo, that was damaged by a fire. In 2006 the Tong Tong Fair organised a benefit to help Indonesian victims of the 2004 Tsunami.
Programme.
Music and dance.
Two specific forms of Indo music usually take center stage. Kroncong (, ) which is an age old music form, with roots in Portuguese Fado music, that developed in Indo communities around Batavia (Now Jakarta). Classic Kroncong orchestras can still be found in both the Netherlands and Indonesia. The other typical music form is called Indorock. It combines flamboyant showmanship and musical virtuoso, based on the American Rock and Roll idiom and has been played by Indo bands ever since the early fifties. With the participation of 3rd and 4th generation Indos, also DJ’s, Hiphoppers and urban live bands are taking their brand of Indo music to the stage at the 'Tong Tong Fair' / ‘Pasar Malam Besar’.
Food and beverage.
The multi faceted Indo cuisine (, ) is considered one of the first fusion kitchens in the world and is heavily based on the kitchens of many different Indonesian areas. The classic ‘Rijsttafel’ (a Dutch word meaning `Rice-table’) is a prime example of a Eurasian culinary concept that wasn’t prevalent in pre-colonial Indonesia. The food courts present a wide range of traditional Indonesian and Asian dishes. The culinary theatre allows visitors to share and discuss recipes and make and taste dishes. The market stalls sell fresh Asian fruit such as durian or manggis and snacks such as martabak or pisang goreng. The abundance of food on offer attracts many visitors.
Merchandise and culture.
A large section of the ‘Tong Tong Fair’ is reserved for amongst others Indonesian businesses selling their merchandise which includes antiques, Yogya or Bali silver, furniture, batiks, wood carvings and much more. But next to the above mentioned eye catchers the ‘Tong Tong Fair’ also offers workshops and master classes in the arts and lecture on amongst others literature, architecture and cultural research. Notable also are the comprehensive cultural delegations from specific areas in Indonesia that are invited to participate.
Awards.
The Tong Tong Fair, at that time still known as the Pasar Malam Besar, won the Promotion Award of The Hague in December 2006 in the category Tourism and Economy. This was followed in June 2007 by the prestigious Grand Prix of the National Events Awards (the ‘Oscars’ of the Dutch events industry). The Grand Prix is only awarded to events, which in terms of size, standing and allure, have become a real phenomenon. In 2008 the Tong Tong Foundation received the highest award of the city of the Hague (The Stadspenning by the municipality of The Hague).
Challenges.
Notwithstanding the great number of visitors the festival attracts to this day, the greatest challenge facing it is formulating a clear vision for the future and strong strategy towards achieving its cultural mission. As the most important exhibition of Indo culture it will need to transform beyond an event of nostalgia for the Dutch East Indies towards a dynamic catalyst facilitating the evolution of Indo identity and culture. Other modern challenges concern its potential online and multi-lingual role in social media as well as their ability to professionally register the many unique cultural activities and performances hosted.

</doc>
<doc id="9772114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772114" title="24 Hour Revenge Therapy">
24 Hour Revenge Therapy

24 Hour Revenge Therapy is the third album by the American punk band Jawbreaker, released on Tupelo Recording Company and Communion Records in 1994.
Track listing.
All songs written by Blake Schwarzenbach. 

</doc>
<doc id="9772115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772115" title="Jose Rodriguez (activist)">
Jose Rodriguez (activist)

Jose Rodriguez is an American political activist. He was born in the Panama Canal Zone in 1952 and was naturalized as a child because of his father's long career in the U.S. Air Force. Getting drafted for Vietnam changed his pro-war attitudes. As the war wound down, he spent four years in the Air Force, stationed outside of Los Angeles.
Rodriguez then moved to Virginia, enrolled in George Mason University and became involved in the anti-nuclear movement, the beginning of a career as an activist. He worked on the 1984 campaigns of Alan Cranston, Gary Hart and Walter Mondale. He did press advance for Joan Mondale.
Rodriguez went on to become associate director of Freeze Voter, the political action committee of the Nuclear Weapons Freeze Campaign. He then joined the 1986 Great Peace March, both traveling on the road and working in the Washington D.C. office.
While continuing to organize protests and rallies, in the late 1980s he started selling t-shirts and buttons at street fairs, music concerts and political rallies, using many of his own designs. During the early 1990s he opened his Politically Correct Clothing store at three locations in Washington, DC. News stories about his efforts, accompanied by photographs, have run in the Washington Post and the Dallas Morning News. 
From 1991 to 1993 Rodriguez hosted the Politically Correct Cooking show on Fairfax Public Access cable TV channel Ten. He interviewed many Washington, DC area leading peace and justice advocates such as Hilda Mason, Josephine Butler, Ira Shor, Dacajeweah, Andy Shallal, Louise Franklin-Ramirez and Benito Torres. In 1993 the show won the Hometown Award for best Informational Series sponsored by the Alliance for Community Media. The show also was featured in news stories on NBC Nightly News and the early 1990s CNBC cable television show "Equal Time" co-hosted by Mary Matalin and Jane Wallace.
Rodriguez also was an active participant in a widely publicized free speech lawsuit "Friends of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial v. Kennedy." In 1997 the U.S. Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia affirmed the rights of activists to sell literature, buttons and stickers on the National Mall, although it did uphold a ban on t-shirt sales.
Photos of Rodriguez' Abu Ghraib anti-torture protest at peace demos were used repeatedly by mainstream press during 2005. In 2006 he began appearing at DC protests in his "Nuclear Death" costume, leading to more mainstream press photographs, including a prominent photo on the Drudge Report on July 4th. In that year he was also logistics coordinator for the two week Camp Democracy project.

</doc>
<doc id="9772130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772130" title="Reuben Trane">
Reuben Trane

Reuben Nicholas Trane (September 13, 1886 in La Crosse, Wisconsin - September 5, 1954 in La Crosse) founded Trane, the heating and air conditioning company, with his father James Trane.
Reuben Trane graduated from La Crosse Central High School in 1906. In 1910, he graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison with a degree in engineering. From 1916 until 1951, Reuben Trane was President of Trane; from 1951 until his death in 1954, Reuben Trane was chairman of the board of Trane.

</doc>
<doc id="9772144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772144" title="Reginald Reynolds">
Reginald Reynolds

Reginald Arthur Reynolds (1905 - 16 December 1958) was a British left wing writer.
A Quaker, he was General Secretary of the No More War Movement 1933-1937.
He was perhaps best known as a critic of British imperialism in India, and for his 1937 work "The White Sahibs in India". For many years he was also New Statesman's weekly satirical poet.
He married the left wing novelist Ethel Mannin in 1938.
He was a conscientious objector during the Second World War, when he worked in Air Raid Precautions and in a mobile hospital unit.

</doc>
<doc id="9772163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772163" title="Vesicular acetylcholine transporter">
Vesicular acetylcholine transporter

The Vesicular acetylcholine transporter (VAChT) is a neurotransmitter transporter which is responsible for loading acetylcholine (ACh) into secretory organelles in neurons making acetylcholine available for secretion. It is encoded by Solute carrier family 18, member 3 (SLC18A3) gene. VAChT is able to transport ACh into vesicles by relying on an exchange between protons that were previously pumped into the vesicle diffusing out. ACh molecules are then carried into the cell by the action of exiting protons. Acetylcholine transport utilizes a proton gradient established by a vacuolar ATPase. This gene is located within the first intron of the choline acetyltransferase gene. 
VACh uptake inhibitors.
Radiolabeled compounds.
PET imaging of the VAChT may provide insights into early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9772168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772168" title="John Marsh (fighter)">
John Marsh (fighter)

John Michael Marsh (born September 15, 1970) is a retired American mixed martial artist who has competed for the UFC, Pride Fighting Championships and International Fight League.
Early life.
Marsh competed in both boxing and wrestling in his youth. He started wrestling at age 15 and continued until his junior college cut the program. He began training in boxing afterwards and had a professional bout before switching to MMA as a way to make more money.
Mixed martial arts.
Marsh began training with Royce Gracie in 1993 at the Gracie Academy and achieved the rank of black belt in BJJ. He rattled off six straight wins to begin his career, including tournament championships at Extreme Challenge 17 and Rumble in Reno. His first loss came in the semifinals of the SuperBrawl 13 tournament vs. future UFC Heavyweight Champion Josh Barnett. That was followed by losses to UFC veterans Jeremy Horn, Vladimir Matyushenko and Ricco Rodriguez. He made his only UFC appearance at UFC 52 vs. Vale Tudo champion Mike Van Arsdale, losing by decision. His last MMA bout came in 2007 at Bodog Fight: USA vs. Russia, losing to UFC 6 tournament winner Oleg Taktarov.
Outside MMA.
Marsh currently resides in Redondo Beach, California. He now owns Triton MMA Training Center where he teaches MMA.

</doc>
<doc id="9772171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772171" title="Heinz Berggruen">
Heinz Berggruen

Heinz Berggruen (6 January 1914 – 23 February 2007) was a German art dealer and collector who founded the Berggruen Museum in Berlin, Germany.
Biography.
Berggruen was born in Berlin on 6 January 1914 to assimilated Jewish parents: Ludwig Berggruen, a businessman who owned an office supply business before the war, and Antonie (Zadek). He attended the Goethe-Gymnasium in Wilmersdorf and graduated to the Friedrich-Wilhelms (now Humboldt) University in 1932 where he read literature and art history. After 1933 he continued his studies at the universities of Grenoble and Toulouse. He was working as a journalist for Frankfurter Zeitung, the forerunner of today's Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, in the mid-1930s when he was informed that, because of his Jewish surname, his articles would in future be signed only by his initials, H. B. He fled Hitler's regime in 1936.
He immigrated to the United States in 1936 and studied art at University of California, Berkeley. After working as an art critic for The San Francisco Chronicle, in 1939 he became an "Assistant director" at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. In preparing an exhibition about the Mexican painter Diego Rivera he met Frida Kahlo, too, and later had a short love affair with her in New York in 1940. 
After the Second World War Berggruen returned to Europe as member of the U.S. Army and worked briefly with the novelist Erich Kästner on the American-sponsored paper "Heute" in Munich. He then moved to Paris, where he worked in the fine arts division of UNESCO, run by his former boss at the San Francisco museum, Grace Morley. Within a few years, he opened a small bookshop on the Île Saint-Louis, specializing in illustrated books and later lithographs. During this time he got acquainted with Pablo Picasso in Paris, who spontaneously had confidence in Berggruen and so he became Picasso's art dealer. 
His renowned art collection, valued at $450 million in 2001, included 165 masterpieces by 20th-century masters such as Braque, Matisse, Klee, and Giacometti, with a unique group of 85 works by Picasso.
Berggruen resigned as director of the Paris gallery in 1980 in order to devote himself to collecting and dealing. In 1988, he donated 90 Klee works on paper to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, although he later expressed fear that his donation would go unnoticed in the museum's own vast collections. In 1990, he lent a good part of his collection to the National Gallery in London. In 1995, he finally left the art collection in a generous gesture to the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation. For this he was awarded the honorary citizenship of Berlin and the "Federal Cross of Merit (Grand Cross 2nd Class)" of Germany (Bundesverdienstkreuz, "Großes Verdienstkreuz mit Stern und Schulterband"). In 1996, after 60 years in exile, he took an apartment in Berlin and opened an art museum in front of the Charlottenburg Palace. The collection, then comprising 118 works, opened to the public in 1997. In 2000 the collection of 165 works (including 85 Picassos), valued at €750m, was sold to the PCHF at about a quarter of its value. Berggruen later talked his fellow Berliner Helmut Newton into giving his photographic collection to the city.
Personal life.
Berggruen has been married twice and has four children.
Death.
Berggruen died at the American Hospital in Neuilly-sur-Seine on 23 February 2007. At his own wish he was buried in the forest cemetery in Waldfriedhof Dahlem, in Berlin.
Berggruen stated "I am neither French nor German," he told reporters at the time. "I am European. I'd very much like to think there was a European nationality, but I think I may be dreaming."

</doc>
<doc id="9772214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772214" title="Meat pie">
Meat pie

A meat pie is a pie with a filling of meat and/or other savory ingredients. It is principally popular in Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and South Africa.
History.
The beginnings of the meat pie can be traced back to the Neolithic Period, around 9500 BC. The ancient Egyptians' diet featured basic pies made from oat, wheat, rye, and barley, and filled with honey and baked over hot coals.
These pies were eventually adopted by the Greeks, and it is there that a flour-water paste substance closely resembling pie pastry was created and was first filled with meat. In Greece, these pies were usually fried or cooked under coals. The Romans, tasting the delicacy from the Greeks, incorporated it into their own diet with little changes. According to the records kept by the wealthy, Romans used a variety of meats, oysters, mussels, lampreys, and fish as filling and a mixture of flour, oil, and water to keep it in. This 'pastry' cover was not meant to be eaten and was thrown away.
In combination with the spread of Roman roads, the invading crusaders encountered the dish and brought the recipes to Medieval Europe. In Northern Europe, cooks created the pastry using fats like lard and butter to make stiff dough to hold an upright pie. These medieval pastry dishes were called "coffins/coffyns", which means a basket or box. According to Janet Clarkson in "Pie: A Global History", the "coffins" were:
Some historians suggest the tough, almost inedible, crust was given to the servants while the lords and ladies of the house ate the contents.
This pastry became a staple dish in medieval times, and was eventually called "pyes" or "pies". The origin of this name comes from the type of meat commonly used as filling. Beef, lamb, and duck were employed, but a majority of the time it was the magpie that was the main ingredient. Magpies in medieval England were originally named pies. Some historians think that the popular usage of 'pie' birds led to the pastry dish being named pie as well, while etymologists suggest that pies were named after these birds "from a supposed resemblance between the miscellaneous contents of pies and the assortment of objects collected by thieving magpies." The first use of the word "pie" as food is referenced in 1303 by the "Oxford English Dictionary"; also stating that the term became popular and widely utilized by 1362.
The French and Italians specialized in redefining the pastry of the pie, making it flakier and tastier by new methods of adding butter, rolling, and folding the dough. In 1440, the Paris pastry guild was recognized and started to expand their product—and so something like the modern day crust began to be used.
Missionaries and explorers spread the meat-based pie dish across the globe. The English Pilgrims of the North American colonies brought the recipes across the ocean with them. The crust of the pie was useful to preserve food during the long winter months in America (just as the pies were used in antiquity). But the pie was not considered popular there until the 1800s, and today meat pies have lost their popularity to be replaced with sweet pies.
Today, there are different types and variations of meat-pies enjoyed all across the world.
Regional variations.
The Natchitoches meat pie is one of the official state foods of the US state of Louisiana. Natchitoches is a town in Louisiana, the name is pronounced Nack-a-tish. Meat pies are not common in most US cuisine, in contrast to the popular pot pies, though there a few New Zealand meat pie bakeries in the US. Cheeky Meat Pies is located in Dayton, Ohio and specializes in making meat pies similar to those enjoyed by New Zealanders. 
Latin American meat empanadas may be pies or more often pasties; different pastry shells and fillings are used, and they may be baked or fried. Empanadas usually contain lots of onion and green or red pepper, in combination with meat or fish. Empanada dough takes many forms, from those made with cornmeal to puff pastry. Ground beef with olives, fried egg, pulled pork, diced steak, even cheese and salami are used in Chile, Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Puerto Rico and Peru for example.
Other well known varieties of meat pie include British meat pies, French-Canadian meat pie, and the Australia and NZ meat pie. An Irish meat pie is the Steak and Guinness Pie which consists of Round steak with Guinness Stout Beer, bacon, and onions. It is served with potato chips and vegetables and is very popular in Irish Pubs in Australia. In both Australia and New Zealand, the meat pie is a common convenience food often found in petrol stations and convenience stores and in New Zealand was once sold in a chain of fast-food restaurants.
The Nigerian "meat pie" is similar to the Jamaican beef patty. It can be baked or fried, and the filling can be almost anything from corned beef (the most widely used) to just onions and tomatoes.
Middle Eastern meat pies are called sfiha and contain ground beef, olive oil, plain yogurt, tahini, allspice, onion, tomatoes and pine nuts. Greek meat pies are called kreatopita and contain ground beef, onions and feta cheese. The filling for kreatopita is wrapped in phyllo dough. Indian meat pies are called samosa and usually contain peas, spiced potatoes, coriander, lentils, or ground beef or chicken and are often served with chutney.

</doc>
<doc id="9772229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772229" title="Clásica de Almería">
Clásica de Almería

The Clásica de Almería () is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in March in Almería, Spain, starting and finishing in Almería itself. Since 2005, the race is organised as a 1.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. Established in 1986, the race was run as an amateur event in its first six years. In 1992, it became fully professional.

</doc>
<doc id="9772231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772231" title="Centre for the Analysis of Social Exclusion">
Centre for the Analysis of Social Exclusion

The Centre for Analysis of Social Exclusion (CASE) is a British research institute at the Suntory and Toyota International Centres for Economic and Related Disciplines (STICERD) at the London School of Economics.
It lists its core research areas as:
It states that its aim is to "understand the dynamic processes at work within its areas of study and to investigate the individual characteristics and social institutions which prevent exclusion, and promote recovery, regeneration and inclusion."
Its director is professor John Hills.
It has received funding from the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC), the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, the Nuffield Foundation, the Gatsby Charitable Foundation, the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister, the Home Office, UNICEF and the Sutton Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9772237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772237" title="Bremerhaven–Cuxhaven railway">
Bremerhaven–Cuxhaven railway

The Bremerhaven–Cuxhaven railway (also called the Nordseebahn or North Sea Railway) is a railway line between Bremerhaven and Cuxhaven, opened in 1899. Since December 14, 2003, passenger trains on the line are operated by the company with the same name, a joint venture of DB Regio AG and EVB.
The line is part of the Kursbuchstrecke 125 (Bremen-Bremerhaven-Cuxhaven) and operated with LINT 41 vehicles.
Services operate hourly between 05:00 and 23:00 Monday to Saturday, with a bi-hourly schedule on weekends. Some trains continue past Bremerhaven and terminate in Bremen Hbf.
Stations.
The stations have been extensively modernised since Nordseebahn GmbH has taken over traffic on the line. The points in Nordholz have been removed, though, thus no additional traffic on the line is possible due to scheduling restrictions.
Stations serviced until 1991 were Altenwalde, Spieka, Midlum and Mulsum. Prior to that, the stations in Imsum and Bremerhaven-Speckenbüttel were closed.
Former traffic.
There is no freight traffic anymore on the line. If trains between Cuxhaven and Maschen have to be diverted due to maintenance work on the Niederelbebahn, passenger trains on the Nordseebahn have to be cancelled.
The line saw its last long-distance trains in 2001. Prior to that date InterRegio trains from Luxembourg and Saarbrücken called at all stations and terminated at Cuxhaven.

</doc>
<doc id="9772267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772267" title="Instrument Schedule">
Instrument Schedule

In theatrical productions, an instrument schedule is a listing of all the lighting instruments and information about them used in a show. The instruments are organized by their position on-stage, and is the distinguishing characteristic between an instrument schedule and a channel hookup or similar paperwork. The instrument schedule includes all information about every instrument, including hanging location, instrument number, type, wattage, color, focus area, circuit, dimmer and templates, along with any additional information. The variety of information included in an instrument schedule generally makes this more "complete" than other generated paperwork, and as such the schedule is often considered the "master" sheet. The master electrician uses the information contained in the instrument schedule along with the light plot to direct the hanging of the instruments.
__TOC__
Conventions.
Typically the instrument schedule is organized first by hanging location. Common hanging locations (or lighting positions) in theater include electrics, apron pipes, front of house positions, booms and ladders. Within each position, instruments are numbered in the order they are located on the pipe. The standard practice is to label instruments from stage left to right (for battens, and top to bottom for booms and ladders, although some lighting designers choose to label from stage right to stage left. This is a matter of personal preference; it is only important that numbering is consistent. This instrument number (or unit number) is used to sort the instruments in each lighting position on the instrument schedule.
Software.
While instrument schedules have traditionally been made by hand or on spreadsheets, there are now several industry specific software based means to generate them. Lightwright is a spreadsheet program that will print nicely formatted instrument schedules. CAD software such as VectorWorks and AutoCAD used for creating a light plot can often export lighting information into forms that other programs can use. This way the lighting designer only needs to draft the light plot and the instrument schedule and other paperwork can be generated automatically. Some designers use Microsoft Word.

</doc>
