<doc id="9912987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912987" title="Georgios Christakis-Zografos">
Georgios Christakis-Zografos

Georgios Christakis-Zografos (; 1863–1920) was a Greek politician, minister of foreign affairs and president of the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus (1914).
Life.
Studies & early career.
He was the son of the entrepreneur and benefactor Christakis Zografos, from Qestorat, (Lunxhëri) in the Gjirokastër prefecture. Christakis-Zografos studied in Paris and in Munich law and political science. When he returned in Greece, he was involved in agricultural reforms especially according to the large fields his father possessed in Thessaly. During this period he supported the concept that the large feudal estates (called cifliks during the period) of the region should be expropriated and redistributed to those who owned no land. He sold to non-land owners much of his agricultural fields in extremely low prices.
1905–1913.
In 1905, he was elected to the Greek Parliament for the Karditsa prefecture. In 1909, he served as Foreign Minister under Dimitrios Rallis. After the First Balkan War, he was appointed Governor General of newly liberated from the Greek Army Epirus region. Christakis-Zografos served as Governor General of Epirus from March 29 (March 16 OS), 1913 until December 31 (December 18 OS) of the same year.
Head of the Provisional Government of Northern Epirus.
When the Great Powers decided to award Northern Epirus to Albania, local Greeks formed a provisional government under Christakis-Zografos on February 28, 1914 and declared their autonomy the following day in Gjirokastër. Zografos sent a note to each of the representatives of the Great Powers explaining the eminent situation:
Under these conditions and in the absence of a solution that would suffice to safeguard Epirus, a solution would have been otherwise so easy to discover, the Epirote populance is forced to declare to the Powers that it cannot submit to their decision. It will declare its independence and will struggle for its existence, its traditions and its rights. But, before it executes this last decision, Epirus turns for the last time to face its judges and pleads with them to modify their decision by which a whole people is condemned.This people hopes that the Powers will be pleased to make known to it, the sole interested party, their final decision May Christian and civilized Europe, by this decision, escape the heavy responsibility for the horror of a ruthless struggle.
After a three months period of armed conflicts, the European Powers intervened and asked for negotiations on a new basis. At May 17 the state of Northern Epirus was international recognized by the Protocol of Corfu, as an autonomous region inside the borders of Albania. However, this state was short lived and at October 27, when the World War I broke up and the Albanian government collapsed, the Greek army re-endered the area with the sanction of the Great Powers.
1914–1920.
Christakis-Zografos after the second Greek administration in the area, returned to Greece and was elected at the following elections. He resigned his office at December 1914. A little while later he became executive of the National Bank of Greece, position he retained until September 1917, with a short-term interval (February 25-August 10, 1915) when he became for second time Minister of Foreign Affairs under the cabinet of Dimitrios Gounaris. He supported the entrance Greece in side of Triple Entente during World War I, foreseeing that this strategic move could offer to the country several advantages. He retired in 1917 and died three years later from a longtime heart ailment.
Legacy.
During the Communist regime in Albania (1945–1992), Georgios Christakis-Zografos and his father Christakis Zografos (notable benefactor and entrepreneur), were stigmatised as 'enemies of the state'. Anyone from his home town who held the name 'Zografos' (whether relatives or not), was therefore persecuted. After 1992 however, the situation has changed. Today, the Zografeio school in Qestorati, founded by his father, has been renovated and has reopened as a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9912988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912988" title="Inclusion (value and practice)">
Inclusion (value and practice)

Inclusion is an organizational practice and goal stemming from the sociological notion of inclusiveness which is the political action and personal effort but at the same time the presence of inclusion practices in which different groups or individuals having different backgrounds like origin, age, race and ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation and identity and other are culturally and socially accepted and welcomed, equally treated, etc.
Miller and Katz (2002) presents a common definition of an inclusive value system where they say, “Inclusion is a sense of belonging: feeling respected, valued for who you are; feeling a level of supportive energy and commitment from others so than you can do your best work.” Inclusion is a shift in organization culture. The process of inclusion engages each individual and makes people feeling valued essential to the success of the organization. Individuals function at full capacity, feel more valued, and included in the organization’s mission. This culture shift creates higher performing organizations where motivation and morale soar.
Gasorek (1998) notes her success of instituting diversity and inclusion initiatives at Dun & Bradstreet, a credit-reporting firm. Hyter and Turnock (2006) offer several case studies of engaging inclusion with corporate organizations such as BellSouth, Frito-Lay, Home Depot, and Procter & Gamble.
Roberson (2006) notes that the term inclusion is often coupled with the term diversity and these terms are often used interchangeably, however they are distinctly different. The Institute for Inclusion, a nonprofit organization, has collectively attempted to define inclusion apart from diversity. It has developed a set of core values and general principles and conceives of inclusion as requiring a paradigm shift in human consciousness, awareness, and interaction.
Interactional participation skills are not currently standardized in formal evaluations of communicative competence, and there will probably be much controversy surrounding any proposals to standardize the testing of interactional competence. Nonetheless, we need some set of inclusion guidelines to decide what skills to look for and how to document them. (page 116, Sawzin, 1984) 
This study focused on the aspects of Jennie that can be appreciated. "Positive analysis" is a strategy which has much utility in many contexts, but is very much needed in the lives of children and adults with developmental difficulties. There are many opportunities for parents, professionals and neighbors to minimize their fears, and to move from expectations of deviance to acceptances of difference. (page 122, Sawzin, 1984) 
Also see for paradigms out of phase, Martin Sawzin, 1981, Paradigmatic Aphasia and An Antidote: Developmentalism

</doc>
<doc id="9912989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912989" title="Luigi Contratto">
Luigi Contratto

Luigi Contratto (1892–1984) was an Italian soldier who, during the World War I, received the honour of Knight of Vittorio Veneto from King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy in person. He participated at the defeat of Caporetto and after an upset resistance he was hurt to a shoulder and a leg and came made captive of the Austrians, but it came freed from allies in 1918. 
In World War II, he did not participate actively because war invalid, but fought as a partisan in Piedmont.

</doc>
<doc id="9913008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913008" title="O'Donovan Rossa (Skibbereen) GAA">
O'Donovan Rossa (Skibbereen) GAA

O'Donovan Rossa or Skibbereen is a Gaelic football and hurling club based in Skibbereen, County Cork, Ireland. It participates in Cork GAA competitions. Traditionally, the club has been much more successful in Gaelic football. It won its only Cork Senior Football Championship in 1992 and subsequently won the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship after beating Éire Óg of Carlow in the final. The club participates in the Carbery division of Cork GAA.

</doc>
<doc id="9913027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913027" title="Andrea Bunjes">
Andrea Bunjes

Andrea Bunjes (born 5 February 1976 in Holtland, Lower Saxony) is a German hammer thrower. She is a member of the Eintracht Frankfurt athletes team. Her personal best throw is 70.73 metres, achieved during the qualification round at the 2004 Olympics. This ranks her fourth among German hammer throwers, behind Betty Heidler, Susanne Keil and Kathrin Klaas. She is a one-time national champion in the women's hammer throw (2004).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9913028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913028" title="Annihilation radiation">
Annihilation radiation

Annihilation radiation is a term used in Gamma spectroscopy for the gamma radiation produced when a particle and its antiparticle collide and annihilate. Most commonly, this refers to 511-keV gamma rays produced by a normal (negative) electron colliding with a positron.
Annihilation radiation is not monoenergetic, unlike gamma rays produced by radioactive decay. The production mechanism of annihilation radiation introduces Doppler broadening. The annihilation peak produced in a gamma spectrum by annihilation radiation therefore has a higher full width at half maximum (FWHM) than other gamma rays in spectrum. The difference is more apparent with high resolution detectors, such as Germanium detectors, than with low resolution detectors such as Sodium iodide detectors.
Because of their well-defined energy (511 keV) and characteristic, Doppler-broadened shape, annihilation radiation can often be useful in defining the energy calibration of a gamma ray spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="9913051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913051" title="Mauro Alice">
Mauro Alice

Mauro Alice (1925, Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil - 23 November 2010, São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil) was a film editor.
Alice had been working in the Brazilian cinema since 1952 and has edited nearly 60 films, including "Kiss of the Spider Woman" (1985), "Corazón iluminado"'(1996) and "Carandiru" (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="9913055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913055" title="Rent-a-Goalie">
Rent-a-Goalie

Rent-a-Goalie is a half-hour comedy television series from Canada that aired on Showcase from 2006 - 2008. Its third season premiered 20 October 2008. The first season was nominated for three Gemini Awards, including Best Comedy Series. It was also nominated for a Directors Guild of Canada Award, the CFTPA Indie Award for Best Comedy Series, an ACTRA Award for Best Male Performance for Christopher Bolton, and four Canadian Comedy Awards, winning two. The second season was nominated for six Gemini Awards, including Best Comedy Series, Best Ensemble Performance, Best Directing, Best Writing, Best Cinematography and Best Casting. It has also been nominated for three Canadian Comedy Awards.
Plot.
"Rent-a-Goalie" revolves around the exploits of Cake (Christopher Bolton), a hockey-mad, recovered-from-everything go-to guy, who runs a rag-tag hockey goalie rental service out of Cafe Primo, a family-owned coffee shop in Toronto’s Little Italy. Here, at this crazy crossroads of hockey culture and coffee culture, Cake has finally found a home. He spends his time juggling friends and enemies, the ridiculous and the profound, while always trying to live by "The Code" – an ever-evolving set of personal ethics, spiritual maxims and athletic credos that keep him on the straight and narrow.
DVD release.
On March 4, 2008, Alliance Home Entertainment released the complete First season on DVD in Canada.
Digital download.
All 3 seasons are available on iTunes. 
Real Rent a Goalie Companies.
Rent a goalie does exist in real life. There are a bunch of established companies as well as independent goalies who provide the service.

</doc>
<doc id="9913093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913093" title="Ocland">
Ocland

Ocland (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. 
The commune is composed of three villages:
History.
Ocland was first recorded in 1546 as "Akland", and in 1550 as "Okland". The name Karácsonyfalva was first recorded in 1333 in a tithe register when a priest of "Karachni" was mentioned. In 1453, reference was made of Peter, son of Michael, of "Karachonfalwa". Its Romanian name derives from the Hungarian and historically it was Crăciunfăleni. The name of Homoródújfalu was first recorded in 1481 in the form of "Wijfalw", in 1861 it was called officially "Homoród-Ujfalu". The Romanian name was originally "Homorod-Uifalău" which was changed to the current official form after WWI.
The villages were part of the Székely Land region of the historical Transylvania province. They belonged to Udvarhelyszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Homoród district of Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. Oklánd was the district seat until after WWII. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Odorhei County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune officially became part of Romania again in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, and between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the autonomous region was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has a Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2011 census, it has a population of 1,257 which 98.41% or 1,237 are Hungarian.
Twinnings.
The commune is twinned with

</doc>
<doc id="9913094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913094" title="Bamburi Cement">
Bamburi Cement

Bamburi Cement is one of sub-saharan Africa's largest cement producers founded by Felix Mandl. The company is listed on the Nairobi Stock Exchange and its name is abbreviated to BCC.
Bamburi has operations in Bamburi suburb of Mombasa and in Nairobi and is headquartered in Nairobi.

</doc>
<doc id="9913102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913102" title="Termo">
Termo

Termo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9913103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913103" title="Coscinodiscophyceae">
Coscinodiscophyceae

Coscinodiscophyceae is a class of diatom.
Coscinodiscophyceae is similar to Centrales. Order Centrales is a traditional, paraphyletic subdivision of the heterokont algae known as diatoms. The order is named for the shape of the cell walls (or valves or frustules) of centric diatoms, which are circular or ellipsoid in valve view. The valves often bear radially symmetrical ornamental patterns that can appear as dots when viewed with an optical microscope. Some also bear spines on their valves, which may either increase cell surface area and reduce sinking, or act as a deterrent to zooplankton grazers. Unlike pennate diatoms, centric diatoms never have a raphe.
In terms of cell cycle, vegetative cells are diploid and undergo mitosis during normal cell division. In sexual species, oogamous meiosis produces haploid gametes, either ova or sperm cells. These fuse to produce a zygote which expands in size to develop into an auxospore from which full-size vegetative cells are produced. 
In some taxonomy schemes, the centric diatoms are known instead as Order Coscinodiscophyceae. And in some schemes as order Biddulphiales. However, diatom taxonomy is changing due to the development of new molecular and genetical analysis tools.

</doc>
<doc id="9913111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913111" title="Funicular de Vallvidrera">
Funicular de Vallvidrera

The Funicular de Vallvidrera, or Vallvidrera funicular, is a funicular railway in the Vallvidrera district of the city of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain. It connects the Peu del Funicular railway station on the Metro del Vallès suburban line (funicular station Vallvidrera Inferior), to the top of the Tibidabo hill (Vallvidrera Superior), with an intermediate stop just above the line's midpoint (Carretera de les Aigües).
The funicular uses the same fares as the Metro del Vallès and is considered part of that system, as well as being part of the Autoritat del Transport Metropolità integrated fare network. It mostly carries commuters, and runs every 6 minutes on weekdays, less frequently on weekends and public holidays. It is operated by the Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya ("Catalan Government Railways", FGC), who also operate the Metro del Vallès line.
The funicular is one of three in Barcelona, the others being the Funicular de Montjuïc and the Funicular de Tibidabo, although neither of these is operated by the FGC.
History.
The line was opened in 1906. It became part of the FGC network in 1981, and was rebuilt, with new cars, in 1998.
Technical details.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9913115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913115" title="Bob Malloy (1940s pitcher)">
Bob Malloy (1940s pitcher)

Robert Paul Malloy (May 28, 1918 – February 20, 2007) was an American professional baseball player and a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played between 1943 and 1949 for the Cincinnati Reds (1943–44, 1946–47) and St. Louis Browns (1949). Malloy batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.
In a five-season career, Malloy posted a 4–7 record with a 3.26 ERA and two saves in 48 games pitched, including 35 strikeouts, 26 games finished, and 116.0 innings.
Malloy died in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="9913125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913125" title="Guthrie's Memorial">
Guthrie's Memorial

Guthrie's Memorial (formerly "The Cutting") is a S-bend corner on the primary A18 Mountain Road in the parish of Lezayre in the Isle of Man between the 26th and 27th Milestone Isle of Man TT road-side markers on the Snaefell Mountain Course.
This S-bend corner was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. Also, Guthrie's Memorial is part of the Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and 1923 for the Manx Grand Prix Races.
The A18 Mountain Road was developed in the mid-nineteenth century from a number of pre-existing roads and bridle paths. This included the building of a number of sheep-gates including the East Mountain Gate, the Beinn-y-Phott sheep-gate and Keppel Gate. The primary road A18 Mountain Road section from Keppel Gate to Park Lewellyn is a product of the Disaforesting Commission of 1860 which includes the distinctive road embankments which gave this S-bend corner the previous name of "The Cutting." The nearby revetment and embankment at the 27th Milestone is sometimes informerly referred to as the "Guthrie's Bridge." The western side embankment at Guthrie's Memorial was removed during the winter of 2004/2005 by the Isle of Man Department of Transport as a road traffic improvement, followed by a small section of the north-eastern embankment in April 2009. During the winter of 2012/2013 the stone TT Marshal shelter at Guthrie's Memorial is demolished.
During the 1937 Isle of Man TT Races, Jimmie Guthrie won the Junior TT, but retired, on lap 5 of the 1937 Senior TT race, at "The Cutting" on the A18 Mountain Road section of the course. After his death during the 1937 German Grand Prix a memorial was erected to him, in 1939. Paid for by public subscription, the memorial was built at the spot where he retired in his last Isle of Man TT Race. The inscription on the memorial reads as follows;-
A further memorial was created on the Hohenstein-Ernstthal or Sachsenring course, in 1949, at the site of the fatal accident. That memorial is called the "Guthrie Stone."

</doc>
<doc id="9913126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913126" title="Plumley">
Plumley

Plumley is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
In the village there are two public houses, "The Golden Pheasant" and "The Smoker" (which has won awards), a village hall, a Methodist church, tennis courts, riding stables, a post office and a golf course nearby. Plumley railway station is on the Mid-Cheshire Line and has regular services to Manchester and Chester. School buses also run through the village for both primary and secondary school pupils. 

</doc>
<doc id="9913146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913146" title="Cross-country skiing at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007">
Cross-country skiing at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007

Cross-country skiing was one of the three disciplines of the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007, held between February 22 and March 4, 2007 in Sapporo, Japan.
The distances and skiing styles were unchanged from Oberstdorf, and as in 2005, nine different nations won medals. However, France and Canada were without medals this time around, replaced by Belarus, who won their first medal ever through 19-year-old Leanid Karneyenka, and Slovenia, for whom Petra Majdič won silver on the very first day of the Championships. 
Norway took the most medals: twelve medals of a possible 36, with five of twelve golds, despite falling in the men's team sprint where the Norwegians were defending champions. However, compared to 2005 Norway had one less gold medal and two fewer medals, largely due to the less than stellar performance of Marit Bjørgen, who won five medals in Oberstdorf, but earned her best individual finish of ninth in the 30 km event in Sapporo. However, Norwegian skiers won both the sprint and 15 km for men, events they had not taken in 2005, as well as dominating the 50 km with gold and silver. 
Finland took three golds and a bronze, all by Virpi Kuitunen, who won the most medals at the games, while Germany won six medals but only one gold with Tobias Angerer in the 15 km + 15 km double pursuit where German skiers finished first, second and fourth. Russia won four medals, earned by the men's team (sprint and relay: both silvers) and Olga Zavyalova, but also had to suffer with a doping controversy with newcomer Sergey Shiryayev being disqualified for EPO doping and serving a two-year ban as a result. 
The Czech Republic won three medals, with Kateřina Neumannová winning a gold and a silver medal at her final World Championships to retire with five medals, as did Italy, where 35-year-old Cristian Zorzi won his first gold medal at the World Championships with a team sprint win along with Renato Pasini. Finally, Sweden won two medals, with substitute Mats Larsson winning silver in the individual sprint, and the relay team winning bronze.
Men's events.
Individual sprint classical.
February 22, 2007 at the Sapporo Dome. The defending champion was Vasili Rotchev of Russia. Svartedal's third international win of the season was the most important one, improving significantly from his previous career-best 11th place. Rotchev was eliminated in the semi-finals after losing contact with Swedes Björn Lind and Emil Jönsson over the final climb; Lind, the Olympic sprint champion, reached the final but lost the sprint for bronze to Rønning. Larsson, who was a reserve for former the world champion Thobias Fredriksson, was the best Swede to finish after passing Rønning at the final curve.
Team sprint freestyle.
February 23, 2007 at the Sapporo Dome. The defending winners were Norway's Tore Ruud Hofstad and Tor Arne Hetland. Zorzi edged Rotchev at the line to earn the gold. The Czech Republic team of Šperl and Kožíšek earned the bronze after the favored Norwegian team fell at the end of the third leg, causing the team to finish seventh in the final.
15 km freestyle interval start.
February 28, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. Pietro Piller Cottrer of Italy was the defending champion. Biathlete Lars Berger, with three World Championship medals in men's biathlon (including a silver medal at the most recent championships in the 4 x 7.5 km relay at Rasen-Antholz), started early and went through half the race before snow started to fill the tracks. This would prove advantegous when the third of the 121 starters, Leanid Karneyenka, with no World Cup starts and a previous best of 16th from the World Junior Championships, won silver, Belarus' first medal at the World Championships. Angerer, the World Cup leader, earned his second medal at the championships with a bronze. Berger is the first person to win medals in both the biathlon and nordic skiing world championships in the same year. Austria's Johannes Eder originally finished fourth in this event, but was disqualified on November 22, 2007 after the FIS issued a two-year doping suspension in the wake of Eder's action during the Winter Olympics in Turin the previous year. Eder had appealed the initial ban in 2006 only to have the FIS reinstate the ban the following year.
The results below are correct as of November 29, 2007.
15 km + 15 km double pursuit.
February 24, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. France's Vincent Vittoz was the defending champion, but the Frenchman lost contact at the end of the classical section, never recovered, and finished tenth. The top three positions at the end of the classical part were Germany's Jens Filbrich (who finished fourth), Sweden's Mathias Fredriksson (who finished 14th), and Angerer. A peloton of 15–20 skiers entered the last lap in the lead, but Angerer blew the field apart in the final climb, reducing the field to six in the last 500 metres. Norway's Petter Northug, at his first individual World Championship appearance, advanced through the six-man group in the final 500 m stretch, but stuck a pole between his skis and took a tumble with approximately 300 metres to the finish, eventually finishing fifth. Teichmann beat Angerer in a dash to the finish, while Piller Cottrer settled for bronze. Teichmann and Angerer are the first Germans to win gold and silver at the same distance in the cross-country portion of the World Championships.
50 km classical mass start.
March 4, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. Frode Estil of Norway was the defending champion and lost it in the final meters of the event to fellow Norwegian Hjelmeset in a race where the lead changed hands continuously, as more and more people fell off the leading group. At 5 km, the top three were Eldar Rønning (Norway), Jean Marc Gaillard (France), and Dan Roycroft (Canada), in a peloton still consisting of nearly 60 skiers. Rønning and Roycroft would fall off within 25 km, while Gaillard stayed with the peloton for nearly 40 km. By the 20 km mark, the leaders were Sweden's Anders Södergren (who would finish 14th), Hjelmeset, and Estil, with a field of 20 remaining within ten seconds of the leader. At the 35 km mark, a group of nine had taken the lead, with Estil, Lukáš Bauer of the Czech Republic (who would finish fifth after leading for most of the second of half of the race), and Gaillard in the top three positions. Midway through the race, Hjelmeset suffered a broken binding and had to have one of his skis replaced. Four skiers fell off before the last 3.75 km loop, leaving two Norwegians, two Germans (Jens Filbrich and Tobias Angerer), and Bauer to fight for the medals. The two Norwegians attacked at the 48 km mark, and then held on for first and second. It was Hjelmeset's third championships gold medal, the first in an individual event. Germany's Filbrich would earn the bronze, his first individual medal in his championship history.
4 x 10 km relay.
March 2, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. The defending champions of this event were the Norwegian foursome of Odd-Bjørn Hjelmeset, Frode Estil, Lars Berger, and Tore Ruud Hofstad which they successfully defended following a race in which the lead changed hands at the line on all four legs of the event. The top three after the first leg were Finland (who finished sixth), France (who finished fifth), and Norway with Finland's Ville Nousiainen having the fastest leg of 25:39.4. Leaders after the second leg were a tie for first with Norway and Sweden, followed by Russia with Sweden's Mathias Fredriksson having the fastest time of 24:45.5 (also the fastest time in the classical legs of the event). Russia, Norway, Sweden were the top three leaders after the third leg with Russian Alexander Legkov having the fastest time of 20:03.0 (also the fastest time in the freestyle legs of the event). Petter Northug of Norway had the fastest time in the anchor leg (20:15.1) to propel the Norwegians to the gold ahead of Russia and Sweden while Dementiev edged Södergren by 0.3 seconds to help Russia earn the silver over the Swedes.
Women's event.
Individual sprint classical.
February 22, 2007 at the Sapporo Dome. Emelie Öhrstig of Sweden was the defending champion. Majdič led for almost the entire race, with 20-year-old Jacobsen in second ahead of the season's dominant skier Kuitunen. In the final dash, Jacobsen came from behind to nip Majdič at the line. Majdič won Slovenia's first ever medal in cross-country skiing at the World Championships.
Team sprint freestyle.
February 23, 2007 at the Sapporo Dome. The defending champions in the event were the Norwegian duo of Hilde Gjermundshaug Pedersen and Marit Bjørgen. Kuitunen and Jacobsen earned their second medals of the championships.
10 km freestyle interval start.
February 27, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. The Czech Republic's Kateřina Neumannová was the defending champion, and avenged her defeat to Zavyalova in the pursuit race by leading the entire race to win by 26.5 seconds. Neumannová led the entire race while Savialova and Norway's Kristin Størmer Steira were second and third at all three checkpoints. In the final kilometres, Arianna Follis rallied by gaining 11 seconds in the final 1.7 km to beat Steira by four seconds. Zavyalova managed to hold on by finishing 3.7 seconds faster than Follis, but a couple of minutes later Neumannová finished in first place to defend her title.
7.5 km + 7.5 km double pursuit.
February 25, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. Russia's Julija Tchepalova had been the defending champion, but was not defending her title due to being on maternity leave. The top three skiers leading at the end of the classical portion were Charlotte Kalla of Sweden (she finished seventh), Kristin Størmer Steira of Norway, and Justyna Kowalczyk of Poland (she finished ninth). Størmer Steira led the field through the first lap of the free style leg of the pursuit, with the lead group down to four in the last lap, including Steira, Olga Zavyalova, Kateřina Neumannová and Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle. Zavyalova led for the entire final lap, and held on in the dash for the finish, while Sachenbacher-Stehle could not keep up with the group and finished fourth. World Cup leader Virpi Kuitunen lost contact with the leading group at the end of the classical leg and did not finish the race.
30 km classical mass start.
March 3, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. Marit Bjørgen of Norway was the defending champion and would finish ninth. Defending Olympic champion Kateřina Neumannová of the Czech Republic did not start. Kuitunen came in as the heavy favorite for the event given her performance in previous classical skiing events during the 2006–7 World Cup season. Johaug, Steira, and Kuitunen broke away around the 13 km mark, and Johaug remained within the leading group until 19 km, when Steira and Kuitunen pulled away. Kuitunen would beat Steira to win her third gold of the championships, first individual gold, and fourth total medal. The 18-year old Johaug, who only had two World Cup races in her career prior to this event, would take bronze.
4 x 5 km relay.
March 1, 2007 at the Shirahatayama cross-country course. Norway's relay team of Vibeke Skofterud, Hilde Gjermundshaug Pedersen, Kristin Størmer Steira, and Marit Bjørgen were the defending champions. Finland lead from start to finish in the event with both Kuitunen and Saarinen earning the fastest times in the classical legs of the competition (13:53.0). Roponen had the fourth fastest time in the third leg (first in freestyle) while Manninen had the tenth fastest time in the anchor leg, but the Finns had too big of a lead and were able to hold off the anchor leg of Germany's Sachenbacher-Stehle. The top three positions after the first leg were Finland, Norway, and Switzerland while the leaders after the second leg were Finland, Norway, and Germany. Sweden's Charlotte Kalla had the fastest time in the third leg (12:32.3), moving the Swedes from sixth to third after the third leg behind Finland and Norway (Sweden would finish fourth in the race) while the Czech Republic's Kateřina Neumannová had the fastest time both in the freestyle and the anchor legs (12:27.8) to move the Czechs from seventh to fifth. Sachenbacher-Stehle passed Norway's Jacobsen with 500 meters left in the race to earn Germany the silver medal by 3.8 seconds over the Norwegians. Pirjo Manninen joined her older brother Hannu in becoming the first brother and sister to win gold medals at the same championships. Hannu had won the Nordic combined sprint and team events earlier in these championships.
Doping controversy.
On February 21, 2007, Sergey Shiryayev of Russia was involved in pre-competition testing for doping with a blood and urine sample. The blood sample in the "A-test" turned out high in hemoglobin, so the "B-test" was evaluated and confirmed to contain EPO. Shiryayev, who had his best finish of 11th in the 15 km event at the championships, was subsequently disqualified on March 4, 2007. FIS President Gian Franco Kasper expressed both disappointment in Shiriaev's doping actions and happiness in the efficiency of FIS's doping controls. Shiryayev's case was heard in Portnoz, Slovenia at the FIS Council Meeting in May 2007. The result of the hearing was Shiryayev receiving a two-year suspension from the FIS with two coaches receiving sanctions from the Russian ski federation because of this.

</doc>
<doc id="9913151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913151" title="André Abujamra">
André Abujamra

André Cibelli Abujamra (São Paulo, Brazil 15 May 1965) is Brazilian score composer, musician, singer, guitarist, actor and comedian of Lebanese origin. His father is also an actor named Antonio Abujamra.
Film work.
Abujamra has worked on nearly 30 films in his career since entering the Cinema of Brazil in 1988 and has composed the soundtracks to acclaimed Brazilian films such as "Durval Discos" (2002), "Carandiru" (2003) and "Cafundó" (2005). He has also had several minor roles in Brazilian films. He has also written soundtracks for Brazilian TV channel Eurochannel.
Band work.
He was singer and guitar player for a band called Karnak. They have released three CDs: Karnak (1995), Universo Umbigo (1997) and Estamos Adorando Tóquio (2000).
Awards.
He has won 4 professional awards in his career to date and he won the Kikito Award for the soundtrack of "As Rosas não Falam".

</doc>
<doc id="9913155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913155" title="Vindiciae contra tyrannos">
Vindiciae contra tyrannos

Vindiciae contra tyrannos (meaning: "Defences liberty against tyrants") was an influential Huguenot tract published in Basel in 1579. The work proceeds through four questions concerning the response of the people to their king. The first two questions are treated briskly and concern whether a people are bound to obey and/or are able to resist their king when he breaks the divine law. The third and longest question considers whether the people can resist a king on the grounds that he is destroying the commonwealth. The answer to each of these questions is an affirmative and the work is interesting for the grounds that it gives for popular resistance. The work merges the theological view of covenant with the legal understanding of contract to show why resistance can be justified in the eyes of the law. However, it stops short of inviting any individual to judge a king. Rather, individuals could only take up arms if they are led by an inferior magistrate (so termed to distinguish them from the superior magistrate, i.e., the king). This shows considerable restraint in the wake of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre and in comparison to other Reformed thinkers such as Christopher Goodman and John Knox. The fourth question considers whether foreign princes can legally support a popular rising against a king on the conditions set out in the first three questions.
Its author remains uncertain, since it was written under the pseudonym of "Stephen Junius Brutus". Likely candidates for its authorship include Hubert Languet and Philippe de Mornay.

</doc>
<doc id="9913165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913165" title="Fragilariophyceae">
Fragilariophyceae

Fragilariophyceae is a group of pennate diatoms lacking a raphe.
Examples.
It includes the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="9913178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913178" title="S4M">
S4M

The S4M () was a Soviet insurgency weapon pistol, designed to be used expressly for the purpose of assassination.
It was a simple break-open, two-shot derringer, but the unique features came from its specialized ammunition, designed around a cut-down version of the 7.62mmx39 rounds used in the Soviet AK-47. The casings of the round contained a piston-like plunger between the bullet and the powder that would move forward inside the casing when fired. The piston would push the round down the barrel and plug the end of the casing, completely sealing off any explosive gases in the casing. This, combined with the inherently low-velocity round resulted in a truly silent pistol. The nature of the gun and ammunition led to it being wildly inaccurate outside of point-blank range. To add further confusion and throw possible suspicion away from the assassin, the barrel rifling was designed to affect the bullet in such a way that ballistics experts would not only conclude that the round was fired from an AK-47, but that the round was fired from several hundred feet away.
Due to the politically devastating nature inherent in this design, the S4M was kept highly secret. Information on the pistol was not known by western governments until well after the end of the Cold War.
The S4M was succeed by a less powerful, but otherwise fairly similar, MSP using the newer SP-3 ammunition in 7.62 x 39 mm, which also used in the NRS knife.

</doc>
<doc id="9913183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913183" title="Athi River Mining">
Athi River Mining

Athi River Mining, or ARM is a mining and manufacturing company in Kenya. The company is headquartered in Nairobi and its stock is listed on the Nairobi Stock Exchange. ARM was founded in 1974 by Mr. H.J. Paunrana.
ARM has operations in Kenya, Tanzania, and South Africa. 
ARM is in the business of the production of cement, fertilizers, quicklime, hydrated lime, sodium silicate and other industrial minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="9913185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913185" title="William McKee (chief executive)">
William McKee (chief executive)

William McKee, CBE (born 1952) is the former chief executive of the Belfast Health and Social Care Trust. 
He was born in Belfast, the son of the Margaret and James McKee of Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland. He received a BSc from Queen's University Belfast and an MBA from the University of Ulster. In 2006, McKee was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for service to the NHS in Northern Ireland. He is married to Ursula and they have two grown-up children Catherine and William. 
The Belfast Trust is the largest Trust in the UK employing 20,000 people with an annual budget in excess of £1 billion. It was established in April 2007 following the merger of six previous Trusts.
William McKee was previously chief executive of the Royal Hospitals comprising the Royal Victoria, Royal Maternity, and Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children.

</doc>
<doc id="9913200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913200" title="Organisation of Toilers' Fedayan of Afghanistan">
Organisation of Toilers' Fedayan of Afghanistan

Organisation of Toilers' Fedayan of Afghanistan (, abbreviated سفزا, transliterated "Sazman-e-Fedayan-e-Zahmatkashan Afghanistan", 'SAFZA') was a leftwing group in Afghanistan. It was formed after a section of youth cadres had broken away from the "Settam-e-Milli" group. Like the "Settam-e-Milli" grouping and its later incarnation SAZA, SAFZA was part of the 'ethnic left' based amongst the peoples of North and North-Eastern Afghanistan, opposed to Pashto political dominance. 
The founders of SAFZA had broken away from the "Settam-e-Milli" group, arguing that the movement should to uphold continue the line of armed struggle, also after the Saur Revolution. It formed a militia force operating in the Northern and North-Eastern parts of the country.
The main leader of SAFZA was Maulawi Bahauddin Ba'es, who described himself as an Islamic socialist.
After a failed uprising in Badakhshan in August 1979, Ba'es was captured and killed in captivity. SAFZA was officially disbanded in 1984, and the remaining leaders joined the then governing People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan. However, SAFZA militias continued to operate. The remaining SAFZA militia elements in Darvaz district, Badakhshan were demobilised through the United Nations Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration programme in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9913207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913207" title="Spring Fever (novel)">
Spring Fever (novel)

Spring Fever is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse, first published on May 20, 1948, in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins, London and in the United States by Doubleday and Co, New York. Although not featuring any of Wodehouse's regular characters, the cast contains a typical Wodehousean selection of English aristocrats, wealthy Americans, household staff and imposters.
Plot summary.
Wealthy New York businessman G. Ellery Cobbold has sent his son Stanwood, a blundering ex-American football player, to London, to separate him from Hollywood starlet Eileen Stoker with whom he is in love. When Cobbold discovers that Stoker is also in London, making pictures, he insists that Stanwood goes to stay with a distant relation, curmudgeonly widower Lord Shortlands. But Stanwood stays put. Instead, good-looking movie agent Mike Cardinal goes to Shortlands' castle (Beevor, in Kent), posing as Stanwood. He is pursuing Shortland's beautiful daughter Terry. But Terry is wary of him because he is too handsome.
Lord Shortlands himself is in love with his cook, Mrs Punter, and would 
like to marry her. Unfortunately she insists on £200 to buy a pub, which 
Shortlands doesn't have, the purse-strings at Beevor Castle being firmly in 
the control of his domineering elder daughter Adela. Also, he has a rival 
in suave butler Mervyn Spink. Things look up for "Shorty" when he discovers 
that a stamp in his collection is worth £1000. But Spink fools Adela into 
believing that the stamp is his, and it gets locked up in a safe. It so 
happens that Stanwood's butler, Augustus Robb is an ex-safe breaker, and 
Mike masterminds a burglary. This goes disastrously wrong, and Mike gets 
hit in the face with a bag of safe breaking tools. The up-side is that his 
battered face makes him suddenly attractive to Terry. So, after a final 
misunderstanding, things end happily for Mike and Terry. Stanwood and 
Eileen also get together. But Mrs Punter runs off with Augustus Robb, 
leaving Shorty and Spink ruing their loss.

</doc>
<doc id="9913212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913212" title="LakeView Technology Academy">
LakeView Technology Academy

LakeView Technology Academy is a specialty high school in the Kenosha Unified School District in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is an engineering and technology preparatory school. LakeView opened in the fall of 1997. LakeView students earn the equivalent of one year of technical college credits or one semester of college of engineering credits upon graduation. The school offers three fields of study: biomedical engineering, engineering and design, and information technology. Students have the option to go to LakeView. They take the beginning course of each field and must choose one before their junior year.
Extracurricular activities.
LakeView's clubs include:

</doc>
<doc id="9913223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913223" title="Păuleni-Ciuc">
Păuleni-Ciuc

Păuleni-Ciuc ( or colloquially "Pálfalva", Hungarian pronunciation:, meaning "Paul's Village of Csík") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania, and is composed of three villages:
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 1,822 of which 98.3% or 1,791 are Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9913230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913230" title="Slavasshøgda">
Slavasshøgda

Slavasshøgda is a hill (elevation 336 meters), located in the Norwegian county Østfold, within the borders of the municipality of Rømskog. 
It is the highest point in Østfold. 

</doc>
<doc id="9913236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913236" title="Arts et Métiers">
Arts et Métiers

Arts et Métiers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9913262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913262" title="Viviane Wade">
Viviane Wade

Viviane Wade née Vert (born September 13, 1932) is the former First Lady of Senegal. Born at Besançon, she was raised in France. In 1963 she married Abdoulaye Wade, a Senegalese man who later became active as an opposition leader in Senegal and was eventually elected as President of Senegal in 2000. They have two children, son Karim Wade and daughter Sindjely Wade.

</doc>
<doc id="9913266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913266" title="Irving Ashby">
Irving Ashby

Irving C. Ashby (December 29, 1920 – April 22, 1987) was an American jazz guitarist.
Ashby was born in Somerville, Massachusetts. After playing rhythm guitar in Lionel Hampton's orchestra, he played in the Nat King Cole Trio from 1947 to 1951. He then briefly replaced Charlie Wilson, a drummer, in the Oscar Peterson Trio, producing a lineup (piano, guitar, bass) similar to the Cole Trio's; the substitution of a guitarist for a drummer continued until 1958. After leaving the Peterson Trio, Ashby concentrated on recording session work. His subsequent work included sessions with Norman Granz, Sheb Wooley, LaVern Baker, Howard Roberts, B.B. King, Louis Jordan, and Pat Boone. In addition to guitar, Ashby also played the upright bass.
Ashby died in April 1987 in Perris, California, at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="9913276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913276" title="When Smuts Goes">
When Smuts Goes

When Smuts Goes is a dystopian future history of South Africa (which now can be considered a kind of retroactive alternate history), published in 1947 by Dr. Arthur M. Keppel-Jones, a historian at the University of Witwatersrand.
Successful and Unsuccessful Predictions.
The book correctly predicted the end of the long tenure in power of the United Party of Jan Smuts and the rise to power of the National Party, followed by a rupture with the British Empire and the proclamation of an "Ox Wagon Republic". 
In Keppel-Jones' prediction, however, the National Party institutes a totalitarian Fascist-style dictatorship and completely suppresses all dissent, by Whites as well as by Blacks - to a far greater degree than the actual Apartheid regime was to implement even in its most repressive phases. 
Keppel-Jones further predicts a mass exodus of English-speaking Whites; a Black uprising led by the Zulus, which is suppressed with much bloodshed; a totally intransigent attitude by the Afrikaner leadership leading to increasing tensions with the rest of the world, culminating with an international military intervention - which leads to the toppling of the regime, followed by the killing or expulsion of the remaining White population, much of it migrating to Argentina; and an economic collapse and social degeneration, with the Blacks proving unable to maintain the political and economic structures which were handed over to them by the International Community.
Researcher Gary Baines compared the book's deeply pessimistic message and its looking forwards to a disastrous future to the tone of J.M. Coetzee's Waiting for the Barbarians several decades later (1982).

</doc>
<doc id="9913281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913281" title="Canadair North Star">
Canadair North Star

The Canadair North Star was a 1940s Canadian development of the Douglas C-54 / DC-4 aircraft. Instead of radial piston engines found on the Douglas design, Canadair used Rolls-Royce Merlin engines to achieve a faster cruising speed. The prototype flew on 15 July 1946 and the type was used by various airlines and by the RCAF. It provided reliable, if noisy, service through the 1950s and into the 1960s. Some examples continued to fly into the 1970s, converted to cargo aircraft.
Design and development.
Canadair Aircraft Ltd. took over the Canadian Vickers Ltd. operations on 11 November 1944. Besides the existing Consolidated PBY Canso flying patrol boats in production, a development contract to produce a new variant of the Douglas DC-4 transport, was still in effect. The new Canadair DC-4M powered by Rolls-Royce Merlin engines emerged in 1946 as the "North Star." More than just an engine swap, the North Star had the Douglas DC-6 nose, landing gear and fuselage shortened by 80 in (2 metres), DC-4 empennage, rear fuselage, flaps and wing tips, C-54 middle fuselage sections, wing centre and outer wing panel, cabin pressurisation, a standardized cockpit layout and a different electrical system.
Canadair built 71 examples under the designations: North Star, DC-4M, C-4 and C-5. With the exception of the single C-5 (which had Pratt & Whitney R-2800 engines, as fitted to the Douglas DC-6), these variants were all powered by Rolls-Royce Merlin engines and 51 of the production examples were pressurized.
Operational history.
Trans-Canada Air Lines (TCA), the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF), Canadian Pacific Airlines (CPA) and British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) were the principal operators of the "North Star", with the CPA examples known as the "Canadair Four" and BOAC examples known as the "Argonaut".
RCAF service.
The RCAF North Stars were unpressurized and were used on a variety of transport duties. Like other North Stars, they were also notorious for the high level of cabin noise caused by the Merlin engines (since the Merlin engine is supercharged using a two-stage geared engine-driven supercharger, its exhaust is not run through a turbocharger, and thus exits the exhaust manifold in high-pressure bursts). 
In an effort to reduce cabin noise, the sole C-5 variant was powered by Pratt & Whitney R-2800 Double Wasp engines that were considerably quieter. The only C-5 was delivered to the RCAF in 1950, entering service with No. 412 Transport Squadron RCAF in Uplands, Ottawa, specially outfitted for the transportation of VIP passengers. It was used to transport the Canadian Prime Minister, the Queen, and numerous other dignitaries on various high profile missions, serving faithfully for 17 years, later becoming a crew trainer before being retired and sold in the United States. 
North Stars were also employed by 412 Squadron RCAF on various VIP transport duties and, overall, the aircraft provided valuable and reliable long range transport services for the RCAF. From 1950 to 1952, during the Korean War, RCAF North Star aircraft were employed ferrying supplies to Korea across the Pacific Ocean. They flew 599 round trips over the Pacific and delivered seven million pounds of cargo and 13,000 personnel on return trips. They flew 1.9 million miles without a fatal crash and outhauled the United States Air Force C-54s on the Korean run. After 1967, the remaining North Stars were assigned to No. 426 Transport Squadron RCAF initially deployed to Dorval, Quebec and then to Trenton, Ontario. Gradually, their service life diminished in the 1970s and most were declared surplus.
TCA and BOAC operations.
TCA received its fleet of twenty DC-4M-2 North Stars during 1947 and 1948 and operated them on routes within Canada and to the USA until 1961. Starting in 1954 the North Stars were replaced on TCA's routes to Europe by Lockheed Super Constellations. To deal with passenger complaints about noise, TCA engineers developed a cross-over for the fuselage-side exhausts that reduced cabin noise by 6-8 decibels. "In the cabin, noise is reduced to 102 decibels near the windows and 93 at the aisle."
Due to the delay in delivery of the Avro Tudor, BOAC ordered 22 DC-4M-4 aircraft and named them the ""Argonaut" class", each aircraft having a classical name beginning with "A". The Argonauts were delivered between March and November 1949; they flew to South America, Africa, the Middle East and the Far East from London Heathrow Airport until 1960. In February 1952 the BOAC Argonaut "Atalanta" transported the newly-acceded Queen Elizabeth II back to England from Kenya upon the death of her father, King George VI.
Later service.
After service with TCA and BOAC, the surplused North Stars and Argonauts had long careers with secondary operators such as British Midland Airways, Overseas Aviation and other charter companies. Cargo conversions of available airframes also lengthened the service life of Argonauts and North Stars."CF-UXA,"ex-RCAF "17510" was the last DC-4M in airline service, completing its final flight on 19 June 1975 at Miami, Florida. Despite the onset of jet airliners in the 1950s, the rugged Canadair North Star found a niche in both military and civil use.
Surviving North Stars.
A small number of surviving airframes are still in existence including an RCAF C-54GM example ("17515 ") which is currently undergoing restoration at the Canada Aviation and Space Museum, Ottawa, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9913290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913290" title="Maritime Women's Football League">
Maritime Women's Football League

The Maritime Women's Football League, Canada's first all-female full-contact football league, began operating in 2004. Since then, the League has grown from two to four teams: they hail from the three major cities of New Brunswick - (Fredericton, Moncton, and Saint John) - with a team from Halifax, Nova Scotia.
League Champions.
The league championship is known as the SupHer Bowl, while the championship trophy is known as the Judy Upward Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="9913296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913296" title="Pen and Sword Books">
Pen and Sword Books

Pen and Sword Books is a British publisher which specializes in printing and distributing books on military history and other niche subjects.
Pen & Sword Books is part of the "Barnsley Chronicle" newspaper group. The "Barnsley Chronicle" is one of the UK's oldest provincial newspapers and one of the few weeklies still in private ownership. It was launched in 1858 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2008.
History.
The first books produced by the company were in response to public demand, following a series of articles first published weekly in the "Barnsley Chronicle". "Dark Peak Aircraft Wrecks" told the story of crash sites in the Dark Peak National Park and a further weekly feature on the history of two Kitchener battalions, known as the Barnsley Pals, aroused a public thirst for more. Over the years these books have been reprinted a number of times and collectively have reached a sales figure of around 20,000 copies.
Following on from the success of the Dark Peak and Barnsley Pals books, a number of local history paperbacks were produced along with a series of battlefield guide books. "Battleground Europe" proved immediately successful and as more and more titles were produced the company made the decision to launch a book publishing arm of the group.
When the Leo Cooper imprint became available the "Barnsley Chronicle" bought it; and the Pen and Sword publishing house was established in 1990. Leo Cooper (25 March 1934 – 29 November 2013), the husband of novelist Jilly, had established a strong reputation for publishing military history titles and had some well-known books in his list. Cooper later retired.
Pen and Sword also covers naval and maritime history, aviation, local history, family history, collectables and antiques, nostalgia and true crime.

</doc>
<doc id="9913302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913302" title="Barryroe GAA">
Barryroe GAA

Barryoe GAA club is a Gaelic football and Hurling club in the parish of Barryroe in County Cork, Ireland. It draws its players from the villages of Courtmacsherry, Butlerstown, Lislevane and surrounding areas. The club participates in the West Cork (Carbery) division of Cork and operates at Intermediate A level in hurling and Junior A in football.
History.
The Barryroe Club was founded in 1890 and thus is one of the oldest in the Carbery GAA division. Like many other clubs it has gone out of existence for various periods. Since it was reformed in 1961, however it has gone from strength to strength with its dedication to under age affairs paying rich dividends. Several Junior A Hurling titles plus a number of minor and Under-21 Championships have been won. Most of its successes have been in hurling. 
Barryroe won their seventh West Cork Junior A Hurling Championship on Sunday the 9 September 2007 in Timoleague defeating Newcestown by 3-12 to 0-6. They followed this up with wins over Erin's Own and Kinsale to reach their 2nd County Final. In this final they defeated fancied Charleville by 2-19 to 2-13 to win the Cork Junior 'A' Hurling Championship for the first time. The club have participated in the Intermediate A since 2008.
Notable players.
Several Barryroe players have played with Cork GAA county teams.
Two other natives of Barryroe - Mick Finn and Jack Cahalane - achieved success with Cork Senior Football teams in the 1940s. They were playing with Clonakilty at the time. Jennifer O'Leary has 3 Senior Camogie All Irelands and 6 All Star Awards

</doc>
<doc id="9913308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913308" title="Xinjiang Ticai">
Xinjiang Ticai

Managers.
correct as：2009

</doc>
<doc id="9913342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913342" title="Moin-ul-Haq Stadium">
Moin-ul-Haq Stadium

Moin-Ul-Haq Stadium is located in Patna, Bihar, India. The stadium has hosted 2 One Day International (ODI) matches including one from the 1996 Cricket World Cup. The stadium has a seating capacity of 25,000 people.
History.
The stadium was previously known as 'Rajendra Nagar Stadium' was renamed in 1970 after the death of icon Moin-ul-Haq, who was general secretary of Indian Olympic Association (IOA), India's chef-de-mission of the Indian Olympic contingent in 1948 to London and in 1952 to Helsinki, and one of the founding vice-presidents along with K A D Naoroji of the Bihar Cricket Association, in the year 1936 at Jamshedpur, then part of Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="9913358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913358" title="Anmol">
Anmol

Anmol is a 1993 Indian film directed by Ketan Desai. The plot follows a Cinderella story where Anmol is name of the lead actress. The leading actors of this film are Manisha Koirala and Rishi Kapoor.

</doc>
<doc id="9913402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913402" title="Unga Group">
Unga Group

Unga Group is a flour milling company in Kenya. Unga is headquartered in Nairobi with flour mills in Eldoret, Nakuru and Mombasa and is listed on the Nairobi Stock Exchange. The company was founded in the early 1900s. Its name is abbreviated to UGL.

</doc>
<doc id="9913432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913432" title="Charles II, Archduke of Austria">
Charles II, Archduke of Austria

Charles II Francis of Austria () (3 June 1540 – 10 July 1590) was an Archduke of Austria and ruler of Inner Austria (Styria, Carniola and Carinthia) from 1564. He was a member of the House of Habsburg.
Life.
A native of Vienna, he was the third son of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor, and Anne of Bohemia and Hungary, daughter of King Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary and his wife Anne of Foix-Candale. In 1559 and again from 1564–1568 there were negotiations for a marriage between Charles and Elizabeth I of England. Emperor Ferdinand I expected Elizabeth to promise in the proposed marriage treaty that Charles, as her widower, would succeed her if she died childless. The negotiations dragged on until Queen Elizabeth decided that she would not marry the Archduke; religion was the main obstacle to the match, apart from the Queen's character. In 1563, Charles was also a suitor of Mary, Queen of Scots, with her uncle Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine, advising her to do so to obtain assistance in governing Scotland. Mary, however, disagreed, as did Charles's older brother Maximilian.
Unlike his brother, Emperor Maximilian II, Charles was a religious Catholic and promoted the Counter-Reformation, e.g. by inviting the Jesuits to his territory. However, in 1572, he had to make significant concessions to the Inner Austrian Estates in the Religious Pacifications of Graz, and 1578 and the Libellum of Bruck. In practice, this resulted in tolerance towards Protestantism.
As the Inner Austrian line had to bear the major burden of the wars against the Turks, the fortress of Karlstadt/Karlovac in Croatia was founded in 1579 and named after him.
Charles is also remembered as a benefactor of the arts and sciences. In particular, the composer Orlando di Lasso was one of his protégés, as was the music theorist Lodovico Zacconi.
In 1580, Charles founded a stud for horses of Andalusian origin in Lipica, Slovenia, thereby playing a leading role in the creation of the Lipizzan breed. In 1585, Charles founded the University of Graz, which is named Karl-Franzens-Universität after him.
He died at Graz in 1590.
Charles' mausoleum in Seckau, in which other members of the Habsburg family are also buried, is one of the most important edifices of the early Baroque in the South-Eastern Alps. It was built from 1587 onwards by Alessandro de Verda and completed by Sebastiano Carlone by 1612.
Marriage and children.
In Vienna on 26 August 1571 Charles married his niece Maria Anna of Bavaria. They had fifteen children:

</doc>
<doc id="9913453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913453" title="Gauthier, Ontario">
Gauthier, Ontario

Gauthier is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Timiskaming District east of Kirkland Lake. The township had a population of 123 in the Canada 2011 Census. Its main population centre is Dobie, located just north of Highway 66.
Actress Sara Botsford was born in Dobie.
Demographics.
Population:
Private dwellings, excluding seasonal cottages: 51 (total: 69)
Mother tongue:

</doc>
<doc id="9913471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913471" title="Sign language in Singapore">
Sign language in Singapore

Singapore does not have a national sign language. The language of instruction in schools is Signed Exact English, not a sign language. A Shanghainese couple founded the first school for the deaf in 1954, where Shanghainese Sign Language (southern Chinese Sign Language) was used as the language of instruction. However, the school ceased operation in the 1960s. It is not clear to which extent the sign language in daily use in Singapore is indigenous, Chinese Sign or derived from Chinese Sign, or derived from the ASL signs of Signed Exact English.
See also.
American Sign Language

</doc>
<doc id="9913492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913492" title="Georgia Platform">
Georgia Platform

The Georgia Platform was a statement executed by a Georgia Convention in response to the Compromise of 1850. Supported by Unionists, the document affirmed the acceptance of the Compromise as a final resolution of the sectional slavery issues while declaring that no further assaults on Southern rights by the North would be acceptable. The Platform had political significance throughout the South. In the short term it was an effective antidote to secession, but in the long run it contributed to sectional solidarity and the demise of the Second Party System in the South.
Background.
Sectional tensions over the issue of the westward expansion of slavery, previously resolved by the Missouri Compromise, were reawakened with the debate over Texas Annexation and the Mexican War. Texas Annexation was the major issue in the national elections of 1844, but, despite some signs of a sectional split, the election was resolved along the established party lines. Opposition to the Mexican War and, especially, opposition to acquiring new territory, also split largely along party lines.
It was only with the introduction of the Wilmot Proviso in August 1846 that the national debate began to split along sectional lines. During the "prolonged deadlock of 1846-50" the idea of secession as a possible solution to Northern threats against slavery began to take root among more and more Southerners. In December 1849 Congressman Alexander Stephens, the future vice-president of the Confederacy, wrote to his brother, "I find the feeling among the Southern members for a dissolution of the Union – if the antislavery should be pressed to extremity – is becoming more general than at first."
In the United States Congress the issues dividing North and South were debated ferociously, leading to the Compromise of 1850 that was intended to address all outstanding issues relating to slavery. After an early failure to pass a single omnibus bill, in September 1850 President Fillmore signed the five separate bills that made up the compromise. 
Around the same time, radicals within the South pursued their own solution, leading to the Nashville Convention in June 1850 that some hoped would become a secessionist convention. The convention denounced the proposed compromise, but rejected secession over any territorial restrictions on slavery in favor of extending the Missouri Compromise line to the west coast. 
Unionists versus Southern Rights Parties.
Secessionist strength was strongest in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina. In the first three of these states there arose local Union or Constitutional Parties to counter the radical Southern Rights parties which were forming. In South Carolina the Southern Rights agenda was already the dominant force in the state, and its leaders were already pressing the other states for secession. The new Union parties attracted the overwhelming majority of Whigs in the three states. In Alabama and Mississippi the Whigs had been weak, and the creation of the Union parties revitalized the opposition to the dominant state Democratic Parties. 
In Alabama, the state divided along sectional lines. In the north of the state the pro-compromise Union Party had its greatest strength while Democrats in the south organized the Southern Rights Party. 
In Mississippi, Governor John Quitman and Jefferson Davis led the Southern rights group, while Senator Henry S. Foote, who had lost status in the state over his support for the compromise, was the most visible face of the Union Party. 
Georgia had a strong Whig Party led by Alexander Stephens and Robert Toombs. They had already led a Whig revolt against President Zachary Taylor although they ended up supporting the compromise (although both voted against the bill abolishing the slave trade in the District of Columbia). They were joined in their state efforts to form the Constitutional Union Party by moderate Democrat Howell Cobb. Their opposition came from Democratic Governor George Towns and Hershel V. Johnson and fellow Whig John Berrian. 
After the final approval of the bills making up the Compromise of 1850, the radicals acted. In Mississippi, Governor Quitman called for a special legislative session in November to discuss the state’s reaction to the compromise. The Nashville Convention reconvened in November, but it was poorly attended and accomplished nothing. In South Carolina, there was already a regular legislative session scheduled for November, and Governor Whitemarsh Seabrook was persuaded not to take any special actions that might evoke the memories of South Carolina extremism during the Nullification Crisis. However, the most significant action would occur in Georgia.
Georgia Acts.
Governor Towns of Georgia, acting under the instructions of the state legislature, called for a special election to a state convention. The convention, scheduled for November, was intended to determine the appropriate response to the Compromise of 1850. 
Robert Barnwell Rhett from South Carolina and William Lowndes Yancey from Alabama joined local Georgians in supporting the Southern Rights party to the "extent of ruining the state Democratic Party". Stephens, Toombs, and Cobb traversed the state in opposition with Stephens alone estimating that he traveled over 3,000 miles in the campaign. 
Unionists outpolled their opponents by 46,000 to 24,000 in the election to the convention, which included a 10 to 1 ratio of delegates committed against secession. Stephens and Toombs were delegates to the convention and used it to officially organize the state Constitutional Union Party. Meanwhile in Alabama, Mississippi, and South Carolina the Georgia election results, along with the inaction of the Nashville Convention, put a damper on secessionists.
The task of the convention became the creation of a position that both supported the Compromise of 1850 as the final solution to the sectional disputes over slavery while maintaining a strong position for protecting traditional Southern rights. They did this by approving what came to be known as the Georgia Platform. The document in full is as follows:
In a very neat package, the platform offered support for both union and compromise, identified specific future violations of southern rights which would not be tolerated, and kept alive the possibility of secession as a future remedy. Many Southerners felt that the Compromise of 1850 had been shaped more towards Northern interests; the Georgia Platform made it clear that the future of the nation depended on the North strictly adhering to the Compromise.
Repercussions.
Mississippi and Alabama joined Georgia in embracing the Georgia Platform. As a political ploy, the Platform thoroughly undermined any effective response from the Southern Rights parties. Generally the Compromise was popular throughout the South, and historian William Cooper Jr. made the point that, "Although the confrontation was not in fact a union-disunion one anywhere, the successful Unionist onslaught made it seem like one." Historian David Potter stated that the Georgia Platform "became the cornerstone of southern policy for several years." 
The state elections of 1851 reflected the popularity of the Unionist position. In Georgia, Cobb was elected governor, Stephens was reelected to the House of Representatives, and Toombs was appointed to the United States Senate. In Mississippi, Foote defeated Jefferson Davis for the United States Senate seat. In the elections to the House of Representatives, Alabama, Georgia, and Mississippi, returned 14 Unionists and only 5 Southern Rights candidates. In the rest of the South, the Whigs generally gained seats in Congress. 
In South Carolina, there was basically only one political party, and it was divided between those advocating that South Carolina act alone and those that wanted action only in cooperation with other states. The South Carolina legislature called for both a state convention and another Southern Congress in early 1852 in Memphis. However the election turnout for the convention was very light, and the victories of Unionists elsewhere insured that the Memphis convention never occurred. 
The Union Parties, despite the hopes and efforts of Stephens and others, did not become a national party. Cooper wrote:
Ultimately the very success of the Georgia Platform meant that it soon became a basic part of Democratic Party policy. Neither the isolated Union Parties nor the remaining Whigs in other states were able to offer an effective counter to the Democrats who now appeared to offer the best protection for Southern rights. This contributed to the dissolution of the Second Party System within the South.

</doc>
<doc id="9913494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913494" title="Spring Fever (1927 film)">
Spring Fever (1927 film)

Spring Fever is a 1927 America silent comedy film starring William Haines and Joan Crawford, and directed by Edward Sedgwick. Based on the 1925 play of the same name by Vincent Lawrence, this was the second film starring Haines and Crawford, and their first onscreen romantic teaming.
"Spring Fever" was remade as "Love in the Rough" in 1930, starring Robert Montgomery.
Plot synopsis.
Haines plays a shipping clerk named Jack Kelly. He neglected golf to work for the aging Mr. Waters (George Fawcett). On one day, Mr. Waters fires Pop Kelly (Bert Woodruff). Jack witnesses this and is outraged. He wants revenge and breaks a window with a golf ball. Mr. Waters catches him but, instead of being mad, he is impressed with Jack's golfing skills. He later that day announces to his dad he is invited by The Oakmont Country Club to be a guest of the club for a minimum of two weeks. His role there will be the teacher of Mr. Waters, trying to teach him how to golf. Pop doesn't want to say goodbye, but lets him go.
At the club, he meets Allie Monte (Joan Crawford) and immediately falls in love with her. He introduces himself as a member from the shipping business of her family. However, Allie sees through him and walks away. Harold Johnson (Edward Earle) is the club champion and devotes himself to Allie. He tries to get his attention at a game, but she is not charmed with his presence. Over the days, the members - including Allie - become more pleased with Jack as he teaches everyone how to golf.
Jack and Allie bond with each other. Johnson feels intimidated by Jack, fearing he could take over the championship title and his girl. Jack kisses Allie, but she storms off. He tries to apologize, but she refuses to talk to him. Therefore he climbs into her room, staying there until she forgives him.
The next day, Jack sets a record with the golf tournament. While giving his victory speech, he notices his father, who came there to tell his son how proud he is of him. Jack realizes his club membership is almost over and swears he will marry a rich girl, which would make him allowed to stay at the club. He decides to propose to Allie, but she informs him her father has just lost all of his money. She admits she now has to marry a wealthy man to keep her social position.
They are interrupted by Martha Lomsdom (Eileen Percy), who invites them to a party. On their way, Jack sees Allie is flirting with Johnson, so he does the same with the wealthy Martha. At the party, Johnson announces he and Allie are engaged. Jack is devastated, but Martha sees an opportunity in luring him. Her beau confronts her, but she responds she is willing to leave him for Jack. Jack now admits he is not the person to marry for money. When he meets up with Allie to say goodbye, he realizes he can't live without her and tells her he loves her.
Allie admits she loves him too, but reminds him she is already engaged to Johnson. They decide to run off and marry. Allie tells her dad Jack is a millionaire shipping man. Jack is afraid to tell her the truth about his income. But when he does, she throws him out. Her family tells her it's a good riddance and she should get an annulment. Allie however refuses, stating he is her husband. In the final scene, Jack becomes rich with winning a golf tournament and is reunited with Allie.
Reception.
"Spring Fever" was a great success despite some critical misgivings about the film itself. "Variety" noted, “Haines is a likable personality and should travel far. This picture, however, will not help him much. The players do well all around and Ralph Spence’s titles contribute effectively on the comedy end, but the director, Sedgwick, could not cope with a weak theme.” Author Lawrence J. Quirk later wrote of Joan Crawford's performance that "she manages to make her presence felt, and looks lovely as usual, despite it being a walk-through role."
The film proved to be so popular that the following year, William Haines was mobbed by fans at a personal appearance a professional golf tournament.
DVD release.
In March 2009, "Spring Fever" was released on manufactured-on-demand DVD through the Warner Archive Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="9913499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913499" title="Vince Welch">
Vince Welch

Vince Welch is an American radio and television personality. From 1998 to March 2007, he was the sports program director at WIBC in Indianapolis, Indiana. Prior to that job, he worked as a sports reporter at WISH-TV and as sports director for WNDY, both in Indianapolis. In the late 80's Vince was a sports personality at WKBV Radio in Richmond,Indiana.
Welch currently works as a pit reporter for ABC Sports and ESPN during broadcasts of the Indy Racing League and Indianapolis 500 as well as occasional stints on ESPN2's coverage of the NASCAR Nationwide Series, and is pit reporter for ABC/ESPN for NASCAR Sprint Cup Telecast. He is also a college football sideline reporter for ESPN/ABC. Welch also is the television voice of the Ball State Cardinals and a Ball State University graduate.

</doc>
<doc id="9913511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913511" title="Marblehead Light (Massachusetts)">
Marblehead Light (Massachusetts)

Marblehead Light is situated on Marblehead Neck in Essex County, Massachusetts. The current tower is a skeletal structure that replaced the original 1835 brick and wood tower in 1895. It is the only tower of its type in New England, the next similar tower is to be found at Coney Island, New York. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places, on June 15, 1987 as number #87001479 under Lighthouses of Massachusetts Thematic Group.
The United States Coast Guard Light List description is "Square skeleton tower; brown to gallery; black above". The actual light is above Mean High Water. Its fixed green light is visible for .
History.
In August 1831, the townspeople of Marblehead requested that a lighthouse be built at the entrance to the harbour. Congress granted the wish and a 23 foot (7m) high tower was built in 1835 and commissioned on October 10, 1835. This tower had an array of ten whale oil burning lamps inside an octagonal lantern.
In 1857, the old lamp system was replaced by a sixth order Fresnel lens and reflectors. Despite the upgrade and work on the tower and associated keepers' house, the tower itself was in a poor condition and by 1893 a new light was requested. The new light was completed in 1895 at a cost of $8,786, the cost being much reduced by using a skeletal frame rather than rebuilding the old tower.
This new light consisted of eight cast iron piles on concrete foundations. The light was a sixth order Fresnel lens with a kerosene lamp. It was first illuminated on 17 April 1896 as a fixed white light. Later in 1922 it was changed to fixed red and then in 1938 to fixed green. In 1960, the light was automated and a new optic was installed.
About from the light are two bronze plaques located where the original light was, one listing the history of the light and the other listing keepers who looked after the light until it was taken over by the Coast Guard:

</doc>
<doc id="9913520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913520" title="Monte Disgrazia">
Monte Disgrazia

Monte Disgrazia (3,678 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in the Italian Alps. It is the highest peak in the Val Masino group, situated south of the Bernina Range.
It has five glaciers and five wild ridges and is a demanding climb.
The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen, E. S. Kennedy and Thomas Cox with guide Melchior Anderegg on 23 August 1862. Their route over the Preda Rossa glacier and the northwest ridge is the easiest one and has remained the normal climbing route.

</doc>
<doc id="9913524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913524" title="Plăieșii de Jos">
Plăieșii de Jos

Plăieşii de Jos ( or "Kászon", Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of five villages:
History.
The villages were part of the Székely Land region of the historical Transylvania province. They belonged to Csíkszék district. In 1850, they became part of the Udvarhely military region. After the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, they fell within the Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 3,012 of which 91.93% or 2,769 are Hungarian. Imper village has a Romanian majority.
Twinnings.
The commune is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="9913532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913532" title="Environmental memory">
Environmental memory

The concept of Environmental memory is described as the sum of explicit, persistent and structured data of knowledges, models and scientific expertise linked to an environmental observatory system on the long term in order to facilitate access, sharing and reusability of the information.
An implementation of the notion of environmental memory is realized by the open source project called Emios.

</doc>
<doc id="9913538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913538" title="Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize">
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize

The Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize] ("Premio Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz") is a prize awarded to women writers in Spanish. It is organized by the Guadalajara International Book Fair, based in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. The prize is worth 100,000 pesos. The chosen book will also be translated into English for publication.
The prize is in honour of the seventeenth century Mexican writer Juana Inés de la Cruz.

</doc>
<doc id="9913574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913574" title="Nordic combined at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007">
Nordic combined at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007

The Nordic combined at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 took place at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 in Sapporo, Japan on February 23, February 25, and March 3, 2007.
Finland, who had won one gold medal in the event since 1950 despite having skiers such as Hannu Manninen and Samppa Lajunen, with a combined 63 event wins and five overall wins in the FIS Nordic Combined World Cup, won the most gold medals at these Championships, with two. However, they could not prevent Germany's Ronny Ackermann from winning his third individual gold medal in succession, thus becoming the first Nordic combined athlete to win three times in succession. 
Bill Demong became the third American to win a medal in any event at the Nordic World Ski Championships, four years after Johnny Spillane won gold in the Nordic combined sprint, while the Norwegian skiers, who won three medals and one gold in 2005, failed to defend their team gold without 2005 sprint bronze medallist Kristian Hammer. Austria won no medals for the first time since 1995, with Felix Gottwald being outsprinted for the team bronze and finishing 23 seconds behind the winners in the sprint. The French showed their dominance in the ski jumping part of the competition with a lead in the individual and third place in the sprint, but could not maintain those positions in the cross-country part of the event.
7.5 km sprint.
February 23, 2007 at the Okurayama (HS134) jumping hill and the Sapporo Dome. The top three skiers after the ski jumping part of the competition were Kircheisen, Anssi Koivuranta of Finland, and Maxime Laheurte of France. Koivuranta would finish fourth while Laheurte would finish 10th. Manninen edged Moan at the line in a dramatic sprint to the finish. Defending champion Ronny Ackermann (Germany) finished eighth while Olympic Champion Felix Gottwald of Austria finished fifth. The race was marred by a crash during the ski jumping part of the competition that sent Daito Takahashi of Japan to the hospital. Takahasi would not return for the rest of the championships as a result.
HS134 hill
7.5 km
15 km Individual Gundersen.
March 3, 2007 at the Miyanomori (HS100) jumping hill and the Shirahatayama cross-country course. The defending champion of this event was Ronny Ackermann of Germany. Leaders after the ski jumping part of the competition were Lamy-Chappuis (who would finish 17th), Koivuranta, and Bieler. (who would finish fourth). World Cup leader Hannu Manninen (Finland) had a disappointing ski jump part of the competition with a 24th-place finish. Manninen skied the fastest part of the cross country part of the competition (36:31.6) to finish sixth. The real star of the competition was Ackermann, who started fifth after ski jumping and would have the eighth-fastest cross country time to win the event by 8.5 seconds. American Bill Demong had the second fastest time in the cross country part of the competition to edge Koivuranta for the silver. Ackermann is the first person to ever win the event three consecutive times at the World Championships and the first person to win the event at a World Championships or Winter Olympics level since Ulrich Wehling (who was now race director of all Nordic combined events) did it at the 1972, 1976, and 1980 Winter Olympics.
HS100 hill
15 km
4 x 5 km freestyle team.
February 25, 2007 at the Okurayama (HS134) jumping hill and the Shirahatayama cross-country course. The defending champions were the Norwegian team of Petter Tande, Håvard Klemetsen, Magnus Moan, and Kristian Hammer. Finland took the lead after the ski jumping section, having more than forty seconds on the other teams, and led until the third leg of the relay when Tino Edelmann caught up with Jaakko Tallus. Tallus remained on his trail for the entire race, sending Hannu Manninen and Björn Kircheisen out in the final leg. Like in the sprint, Kircheisen remained in the hunt for two thirds of the race, but lost contact on the final climb. Austria and Norway had already settled for bronze on the second stage, a battle eventually won by Norway. Later in the championships, Hannu's younger sister Pirjo would earn gold in the women's cross country 4 x 5 km relay, making them the first brother and sister to ever win gold at the same championship.
HS134 hill
4 x 5 km freestyle

</doc>
<doc id="9913599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913599" title="Crichton, Midlothian">
Crichton, Midlothian

Crichton is a small village in Midlothian, Scotland, around 2 miles south of Pathhead and the same east of Gorebridge. The name is derived from the Gaelic word "crioch", which means border, and the Old English word "tune" which means farm or settlement.
To the west of the village is the 15th-century parish church, formerly a collegiate church, established by William Crichton, 1st Lord Crichton, who served as Lord Chancellor of Scotland from 1439 to 1453. To the south of the church is Crichton Castle, begun in the late 14th century by William's father John de Crichton, and featuring a fine 16th-century Italianate courtyard façade.

</doc>
<doc id="9913625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913625" title="John Dewberry">
John Dewberry

John Dewberry was a starting quarterback for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team from 1983 to 1985. He graduated from Milton High School. He played for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League before starting his first company in 1989. Today, he is an Atlanta real estate developer.

</doc>
<doc id="9913675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913675" title="Scald Law">
Scald Law

Scald Law is a hill in Midlothian, Scotland. At 579 metres (1900 feet) it is the highest of the Pentland Hills. The hill is composed of Devonian volcanic rock. 
The origin of the name is uncertain. Some sources say it derives from the Scots Language word scawed, meaning "bare", while another claims it derives from scaldberry, an old name for blackberry.

</doc>
<doc id="9913702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913702" title="Winding Rivers Library System">
Winding Rivers Library System

Winding Rivers Library System (WRLS) is the public library system involving 7 counties in Wisconsin: Buffalo, Jackson, Juneau, La Crosse, Monroe, Trempealeau, and Vernon Counties. The La Crosse Public Library is the resource library for WRLS and the administrative offices are at the library in La Crosse, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="9913714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913714" title="Texas Academy of Leadership in the Humanities">
Texas Academy of Leadership in the Humanities

The Texas Academy of Leadership in the Humanities (TALH) is a residential high school supported by disciplines of the humanities located at Lamar University in Beaumont, Texas. The Academy is one of only two residential programs for gifted and talented high school students recognized by the Texas State Legislature. The other residential program is the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science. The dual-credit program, established by the Texas Legislature in 1994, allows high school juniors and seniors to attend college level classes in order to complete their high school requirements, while at the same time gaining credits that must be accepted by any Texas public college and are transferable to other universities subject to each university’s transfer regulations.
Housing and Classes.
TALH students are housed in Morris Hall. Students are required to return to the dorms, which have alarmed gates with a security guard on duty at night, by a curfew of 11:00 P.M. on weeknights and midnight on weekends. Students from the academy are fully immersed with the general undergraduate population at Lamar University. Students take a full-time schedule of college classes that must meet the Texas Education Department requirements in addition to the local university's requirements. Also students must take Humanities I and II which are open only to TALH students.
School Information.
The program was created by the 74th Legislature of the State of Texas, then the statue was amended by the 75th Legislature in 1996. The class size is about thirty students with significant fluctuation in the gender ratio. Potential students must meet certain academic qualifications set out by the legislature to be considered for admittance. Each student receives a scholarship which covers the cost of tuition but is responsible for room, board, and book costs. The students are required to live in a section of a dorm set aside for the academy by Lamar University.
Student Life.
There are a variety of academy sponsored organizations and activities that take place throughout the year. Students are also allowed to join university sponsored clubs and organizations. However permission from the administration is required for some activities. In addition, all students are required to attend weekly community meetings and perform two hours of community service as part of the program. For community service students can start a new project or continue with one already established. Following are some student organizations, activities and community service opportunities.
Scholarships and extra activities.
All students attending TALH receive a 100% scholarship for full tuition but must pay the room and board fees of Cardinal Village. Students may also qualify for financial aid and other scholarships.
TALH students are able to attend special programs such as operas, and plays in local areas. They are also allowed to join clubs and organizations that Lamar University has to offer. Fraternities and sororities are not accepted as clubs and the students discouraged to join them.
See also.
Texas State University System

</doc>
<doc id="9913718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913718" title="Praid">
Praid

Praid (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania, and is composed of six villages:
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 6,846 of which 96.91% or 6,635 are Hungarian. The 2002 Census reported 69.36% of the total population belonging to the Protestant Hungarian Reformed Church, while Roman Catholicism is professed by 22.46% of the respondents.
Tourism.
The commune's chief economic activity centers around the salt mine that both provides salt for industrial and attracts over 400,000 tourists every year. The salt mine is also known for its purported healing effect on respiratory and allergic illnesses. Within, there are available amenities such as ping-pong tables, playgrounds for children, a chapel, free gymnastics courses, souvenir shops and an amusement park with rides on rock salt.

</doc>
<doc id="9913721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913721" title="Amodiaquine">
Amodiaquine

Amodiaquine (trade names Camoquin, Flavoquine), a 4-aminoquinoline compound related to chloroquine, is used as an antimalarial and anti-inflammatory agent.
Amodiaquine has been shown to be more effective than chloroquine in treating chloroquine-resistant "Plasmodium falciparum" malaria infections and may afford more protection than chloroquine when used as weekly prophylaxis. Amodiaquine, like chloroquine, is generally well tolerated. Although licensed, this drug is not marketed in the United States, but is widely available in Africa. Its use, therefore, is probably more practicable in long-term visitors and persons who will reside in Africa.
Amodiaquine is a histamine N-methyltransferase inhibitor.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.
Medical uses.
Amodiaquine has become an important drug in the combination therapy for malaria treatment in Africa.
Pharmacogenetics.
It is bioactivated hepatically to its primary metabolite, N-desethylamodiaquine, by the cytochrome p450 enzyme CYP2C8. Among amodiaquine users, several rare but serious side effects have been reported and linked to variants in the CYP2C8 alleles. CYP2C8*1 is characterized as the wild-type allele, which shows an acceptable safety profile, while CYP2C8*2, *3 and *4 all show a range of “poor metabolizer” phenotypes. People who are poor metabolizers of amodiaquine display lower treatment efficacy against malaria, as well as increased toxicity. Several studies have been conducted to determine the prevalence of CYP2C8 alleles amongst malaria patients in East Africa, and have tentatively shown the variant alleles have significant prevalence in that population. About 3.6% of the population studied showed high risk for a poor reaction to or reduced treatment outcomes when treated with amodiaquine. This information is useful in developing programs of pharmacovigilance in East Africa, and have important clinical considerations for prescribing antimalarial medications in regions with high CYP2C8 variant frequency.
Cancer.
Recent research suggests that amodiaquine targets malignant melanoma cells through induction of autophagic-lysosomal and proliferative blockade sensitizing cancer cells to starvation- and chemotherapy-induced cell death.

</doc>
<doc id="9913729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913729" title="Ski jumping at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007">
Ski jumping at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007

The Ski jumping at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 was part of the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 that took place in Sapporo, Japan on February 24, February 25, and March 3, 2007.
Individual normal (HS100) hill.
March 3, 2007 at the Miyanomori (HS100) jumping hill. Slovenia's Rok Benkovič was the defending champion and would finished 27th in this event at these games. Małysz won his fourth gold medal handily by having the longest jumps in both rounds of competition, the largest margin of victory in the event's history at the World Championships. The two World Cup leaders, Anders Jacobsen (Norway) and Gregor Schlierenzauer (Austria), would finish seventh and eighth respectively.
Individual large (HS134) hill.
February 24, 2007 at the Okurayama (HS134) jumping hill. Janne Ahonen of Finland was the defending champion and would finish sixth at these championships. The current top three leaders in the 2006-7 ski jumping World Cup, Anders Jacobsen (Norway), Gregor Schlierenzauer (Austria), and Adam Małysz (Poland), all performed to less than expectations, finishing 14th, tenth, and fourth respectively. Olli had the longest jump of the competition with his second round jump of 136.5 m, but lost to Ammann on style points.
Team large (HS134) hill.
February 25, 2007 at the Okurayama (HS134) jumping hill. The Austrian team of Wolfgang Loitzl, Andreas Widhölzl, Thomas Morgenstern, and Martin Höllwarth were the defending champions and successfully defended their title despite Schlierenzauer having the weakest jumps of the entire team. The Japanese team delighted the home crowd by winning their first major medal since their silver medal victory at the 2003 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Val di Fiemme which was also in team large hill. FIS Vice-President Yoshiro Ito, who is also Sapporo 2007 organizing committee vice president and president of the Japanese Ski Association, expressed his delight in the Japanense ski jumping team's bronze medal win in the team large hill competition. Ito also expressed his satisfaction that both the Sapporo residents and the competitors are pleased at the organization of the event has run smoothly so far. Switzerland's Simon Ammann had the longest jumps of both rounds of competition with distances of 136.0 m and 135.5 m, respectively, though his Swiss teammates did not perform as well, causing them to finish seventh in the event. 

</doc>
<doc id="9913733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913733" title="Stephen E. Calvert">
Stephen E. Calvert

Stephen E. "Steve" Calvert, PhD, FRSC (born December 30, 1935) is a Professor Emeritus at the University of British Columbia. He has specialized in the study of chemical and geochemical oceanography. His work has shed light on the factors responsible for the wide compositional variability of marine sediments, the controls on organic matter burial and nutrient utilization in the ocean.
Calvert utilizes a combination of organic, inorganic and stable isotopic information to reconstruct past sea surface temperatures, plankton production, terrestrial sediment supply and transport modes, nutrient utilization and bottom water oxygen concentrations.
Calvert obtained his B.Sc. from the University of Reading in 1958 and is a University of California, San Diego Alumnus, receiving his Ph.D. from Scripps Institution of Oceanography in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9913736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913736" title="Tumor necrosis factors">
Tumor necrosis factors

Tumor necrosis factors (or the TNF family) refer to a group of cytokines that can cause cell death (apoptosis). The first two members of the family to be identified were:
Family members.
Nineteen cytokines have been identified as part of the TNF family on the basis of sequence, functional, and structural similarities. They include: 
All these cytokines seem to form homotrimeric (or heterotrimeric in the case of LT-alpha/beta) complexes that are recognized by their specific receptors. Strong hydrogen bonds between the monomers stabilize the tertiary structure. One such example is the Asn34-Arg82 hydrogen bond in the "M. musculus" TNF alpha. The PROSITE pattern for this family is located in a beta-strand in the central section of the protein that is conserved across all members. 
All members of the TNF family, with the exception of the secreted lymphotoxin and a proliferation-inducing ligand (APRIL), are type II transmembrane proteins that protrude from immune cells. Such membrane-bound TNF ligands frequently signal back to the immune cells when they contact and bind their cognate receptors on other cells.
Cytokines can be grouped into a family on the basis of sequence, functional and structural similarities. Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) (also known as TNF alpha or cachectin) is a monocyte-derived cytotoxin that has been implicated in tumour regression, septic shock and cachexia. The protein is synthesised as a prohormone with an unusually long and atypical signal sequence, which is absent from the mature secreted cytokine. A short hydrophobic stretch of amino acids serves to anchor the prohormone in lipid bilayers. Both the mature protein and a partially processed form of the hormone are secreted after cleavage of the propeptide.
Examples.
Human proteins containing this domain include:

</doc>
<doc id="9913744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913744" title="Disc number">
Disc number

Disc numbers, or ujamiit or ujamik in the Inuit language, were used by the Government of Canada in lieu of surnames for the Inuit and were similar to dog-tags.
Prior to the arrival of European customs, the Inuit had no need of family names, and children were given names by the elders. However, by the 1940s the record-keeping requirements of outside entities such as the missions, traders and the government brought about change. In response to the government's needs, they decided on the disc number system.
Disc.
The discs were roughly an inch across, burgundy, and made of pressed fibre or leather. They had a hole "to be threaded with a caribou thong and sewn into a parka for safekeeping", or they could be worn around the neck.
The discs were stamped with "Eskimo Identification Canada" around the edge and the crown in the middle. Just below the crown was the number. The number was broken down into several parts, "E" for Inuit living east of Gjoa Haven and "W" for those in the west. This would be followed by a one or two digit number that indicated the area the person was from. The last set of numbers would identify the individual. The discs were used in the Northwest Territories (which, at the time, included present-day Nunavut) from 1941 until 1978.
Thus a young woman who was known to her relatives as "Lutaaq", "Pilitaq", "Palluq", or "Inusiq", and had been baptized as "Annie", was under this system to become "Annie E7-121". 
Today carvings and prints produced by Inuit artists may be seen with the disc number on them. The Inuit singer Susan Aglukark recorded the song "E186" in 2000 on her album "Unsung Heroes". Lucie Idlout recorded a CD called "E5-770, My Mother's Name" in 2005. For the most part, Inuit today do not miss the passing of the numbers, although some Inuit consider their discs to be personal artifacts of sentimental value.
Project Surname.
In 1965, Abe Okpik was appointed to sit on the Northwest Territories Council, its first Inuk. In 1968, Simonie Michael became the council's first elected Inuk and he declared his intention to not be known by his disc number. The Government of the NWT decided to replace the disc numbers with names and Abe Okpik was appointed to Project Surname. From 1968 to 1971, Okpik toured the NWT and northern Quebec (Nunavik) recording the preferences of people. He was to be later given the Order of Canada in part because of his work with the surnames.

</doc>
<doc id="9913749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913749" title="Katherine Zoepf">
Katherine Zoepf

Katherine Elizabeth Zoepf (born December 7, 1977 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American freelance journalist.
A 2000 graduate of Princeton University, Zoepf has reported for "The New York Times", "The International Herald Tribune", "The New York Times Magazine" and "The Chronicle of Higher Education".

</doc>
<doc id="9913764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913764" title="Feeder discography">
Feeder discography

The discography of Feeder, a British rock band which formed in 1992, consists of eight studio albums, eleven compilation albums, four extended plays (EP), and thirty-four singles on The Echo Label and their own label Big Teeth Music, as well as thirty-six music videos. As one of a few surviving members of the 1990s Britpop movement into the following two decades, they have eight UK Top 40 albums including six UK Top 10 albums and three Top five albums.
The band was formed in 1992 under the name of "Reel" by the remaining members Grant Nicholas, Jon Lee and Simon Blight of electroacoustic group Raindancer, after the departure of their guitarist John Canham, although Simon Blight departed in 1992 to make way for Taka Hirose, after the band had used many session bassists from 1992-1995. Feeder's lineup after signing with The Echo Label in 1994 consisted of Grant Nicholas (guitar/vocals) and Jon Lee (drums), while still using session bassists and were heard on early demos. In January 2002, Jon Lee took his own life in his Miami home before former Skunk Anansie drummer Mark Richardson, began to record and play with the band before being made an official member. In May 2009 he parted company with Feeder to return to a reformed Skunk Anansie. Since Mark's departure, Feeder have employed drummer Karl Brazil, although for sessions and touring commitments for "Renegades" (2010) they employed Australian Damon Wilson and former Mexicolas drummer Tim Trotter.
Feeder's music has been inspired by a wide variety of artists and styles, including The Police, Nirvana and Smashing Pumpkins. The band's sound was radically changed from that of Rain Dancer on their debut release the "Two Colours EP" (1995), but has since introduced more acoustic aspects to their music, including elements of pianos and string orchestras.
Feeder garnered media attention in 2001 for their third album, "Echo Park" and its lead single "Buck Rogers", which later become a UK Top five single. In 2002, the band released their fourth album "Comfort in Sound", being their first since the loss of their drummer Jon Lee earlier in the year. The album touched on many themes of loss and coming to terms with death, although it also explored themes of positivity. "Comfort in Sound" is Feeder's most successful release to date, selling over 503,706 copies in the United Kingdom between October 2002 and April 2012.
Feeder would go on to become one of the UK's most successful rock bands, with a total of 166 weeks on the charts as of 2006, which places them also amongst the 500 most successful music artists between 1952-2006. After the campaign for their 2006 singles compilation was complete, the band would later drop out of mainstream attention, while still charting three more top 20 albums with the latest being 2012's "Generation Freakshow". Based on their certifications, the band have sold in excess of 1,160,000 albums in the UK alone.
Albums.
Compilation albums.
Notes
Singles.
Notes
Promotional singles.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9913779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913779" title="Chrysene">
Chrysene

Chrysene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) with the molecular formula that consists of four fused benzene rings. It is a natural constituent of coal tar, from which it was first isolated and characterized. It is also found in creosote, a chemical used to preserve wood. 
The name "chrysene" originates from Greek "Χρύσoς" ("chrysos"), meaning "gold", and is due to the golden-yellow color of the crystals of the hydrocarbon, thought to be the proper color of the compound at the time of its isolation and characterization. However, high purity chrysene is colorless, the yellow hue being due to the traces of its yellow-orange isomer tetracene, which cannot be separated easily.
Chrysene is formed in small amounts during the burning or distillation of coal, crude oil, and plant material. 
In February 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for tracking PAHs, including chrysene, in the universe. According to scientists, more than 20% of the carbon in the universe may be associated with PAHs, possible starting materials for the formation of life. PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
Use.
Chrysene is used in the manufacture of some dyes.
Safety.
As with other PAHs, chrysene is suspected to be a human carcinogen. It is known to cause cancer in laboratory animals.

</doc>
<doc id="9913782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913782" title="Process crime">
Process crime

Informally, in criminal procedure, process crime is an offense charged by a prosecutor alleging criminal conduct related to an investigation of a crime, but not to the crime itself. Examples include obstruction of justice, perjury before a grand jury and misprision of a felony. Also it can involve a misdermeanor, but punishment of crime is much lower.

</doc>
<doc id="9913787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913787" title="Moti Bagh Stadium">
Moti Bagh Stadium

Moti Bagh Stadium is a cricket stadium located in Vadodara, Gujarat. 
The ground form part of the Lakshmi Vilas Palace building complex - a spawling complex in the heart of the city. The palace and the stadium, earlied belonged to the former rulers of Baroda and the patrons of cricket in Baroda - the Gaekwad.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 18,000 people. The use of the stadium for International cricket has been discontinued in favour of IPCL Sports Complex Ground.
One Day International cricket.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.

</doc>
<doc id="9913811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913811" title="Namyit Island">
Namyit Island

Namyit Island (; ; ) is part of Tizard Bank in the Spratly Islands in South China Sea. With an area of 5.3 hectares, it is the twelfth largest Spratly island and the fifth largest among the Vietnamese-administered Spratly islands. The island is also claimed by the People's Republic of China, the Philippines and the Republic of China (Taiwan). 
History in the 20th century.
Although two South Vietnamese warships including HQ-04 "Tuy Dong" and HQ-05 "Tay Ket" stopped off Namyit Island in 1962, South Vietnamese troops had only set up a permanent garrison on the islet since August 1973. On 6 September 1973, Republic of Vietnam's Ministry of the Interior signed Decree No. 420-BNV/HCĐP/26 merging some Spratly islands including Namyit into Phuoc Hai Commune, Dat Do District, Phuoc Tuy Province. South Vietnam continued to administer the entity until 27 April 1975 when their troops were evicted by Vietnam People's Army.
Geography.
Being to the south of Itu Aba Island, Namyit Island is a small oval-shaped coral island which is in length and in width. The coral reef on which the island lies is to above the sea during low tide. There is a heliport at the end of island. 
Ecology.
Namyit Island has no source of fresh water, and its coral sand is not suitable for plants in general. The island is covered with small trees, bushes and grass and is inhabited by sea birds. The surrounding water is home to four hundred and ninety-two species of plankton, eighty-six species of seaweed, two species of seagrass, two hundred and twenty-five species of benthic organisms, one hundred and sixty species of coral, four hundred and fourteen species of reef fish and two species of sea turtles.

</doc>
<doc id="9913827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913827" title="Babacar (band)">
Babacar (band)

Babacar was a short-lived worldbeat supergroup formed in England, featuring former members of Shelleyan Orphan, The Cure, and Presence. The group released one album in their brief existence, their self-titled debut album in 1998, before the band dissolved when Shelleyan Orphan reunited in 2000.
Background.
Babacar was fronted by Caroline Crawley, former lead singer of Shelleyan Orphan. Although Jemaur Tayle, the other half of Orphan, later joined in, he is not listed among the album's credits. Other personnel involved with the recording of the album were guitarist Rob Steen, bassist Roberto Soave (who had also recorded and performed with Orphan), and drummer Boris Williams, who is best known for his involvement with The Cure. Soave and Steen had also played in another band called Presence. Soave has also played a brief stint with The Cure. When Simon Gallup fell ill during the European leg of the Wish tour, Soave filled in for him on bass.

</doc>
<doc id="9913857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913857" title="Algemene Bank Nederland">
Algemene Bank Nederland

Algemene Bank Nederland (ABN) was a Dutch bank that became one of the main predecessors in ABN AMRO. It was created in 1964 when the Nederlandsche Handel-Maatschappij merged with "De Twentsche Bank". In 1991 ABN Bank merged with AMRO Bank (Amsterdamsche Rotterdamsche Bank) to form ABN AMRO Bank.
History.
Merger motives.
Nederlandsche Handel-Maatschappij (Netherlands Trading Society) and Twentsche Bank (TB) merged to form ABN Bank on 4 June 1964. An important reason for the merger was the international trend towards concentration. Banks were obliged to scale up their operations. The extensive international network of NTS and the strong Dutch home base of TB, notably in stockbroking and foreign exchange dealing, complemented each other perfectly. Another reason for joining forces was the past involvement of the two banks in developing the textile industry in the Twente region of the Netherlands. NTS had been sharing the running expenses of TB’s branch in London (which opened in 1858) since 1953.
Domestic expansion, 1967-1991.
The December 1967 acquisition of the Hollandsche Bank-Unie (HBU) with its strong position in South America gave the international network a more balanced structure. The Dutch branch network of ABN Bank was expanded substantially from 1964 onwards in step with the growing significance of retail banking. The acquisition of "Bank Mees & Hope" in 1975 reflected ABN Bank’s diversification strategy since the chief strength of BMH was international commodity finance. After the take over BMH continued to operate independently under its own name. "Kingma’s Bank of Leeuwarden", which BMH had acquired in 1971, was transferred to ABN Bank in early 1981 and continued its operations under the name of ABN/Kingma’s Bank. ABN Bank was also active in hire-purchase finance. In 1967 it acquired "Industrieele Disconto Maatschappij" in which it already held a minority interest through TB. 
The independent stockbroking subsidiary "Nachenius, Tjeenk & Co", a 1991 amalgamation of two earlier (1977) aquasitions, "Weduwe Tjeenk & Co" (est. 1810) and "Nachenius & Dudok van Heel" (est. 1797), gave ABN Bank a foothold in the private banking market.
Global expansion, 1972-1991.
The bank also continued its international expansion and in September 1977 the three former Nederlandsche Handel-Maatschappij branches in Saudi Arabia were incorporated in a new bank, Albank Alsaudi Alhollandi in Riyadh. This bank steadily increased its number of branches and changed its name to Saudi Hollandi Bank in 1991.
An important acquisition occurred in 1979 with the take-over of Chicago- based LaSalle National Bank. This acquisition laid the foundation for what would become the second home market of the bank. Founded in 1927 as "National Builders Bank of Chicago", LaSalle Bank gave ABN its first firm foothold in the US Midwest. In 1990 "Exchange Bancorp of Chicago" was incorporated in LaSalle.
ABN also stepped up its activities in Europe. In April 1980 it obtained a majority interest in "Banque de Neuflize, Schlumberger, Mallet" (NSM) of Paris. With roots dating back to 1667, NSM was one of the oldest and prestigious private banks in France. ABN Bank’s Parisian subsidiary "Banque Jordaan & Cie" (in which TB had held an interest since 1909) became part of NSM. NSM acquired "Banque Demachy" in 1999 to become NSMD.
Although ABN Bank had a strong international network of its own, it chose to cooperate with other European banks. The "Associated Banks of Europe Corporation" (ABECOR) was founded in Brussels in 1972 by ABN Bank and three other banks keen to initiate innovations in banking. ABECOR established "Banque de la Société Financière Européenne" in Paris which works in the field of medium-term loans. ABN Bank was also involved in setting up Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), in Brussels. Computer links between affiliated banks have greatly accelerated international transactions.
European challenge, 1990-1991.
With the coming prospect of the internal European market from 1992, ABN Bank and Amro Bank decided to approach the challenging new era with combined forces. The merger was completed rapidly after ABN AMRO Holding N.V. made a successful bid for the shares of both banks in August 1990. On September 22, 1991 the new ABN AMRO Bank was established, with head office in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="9913870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913870" title="Anson Phelps Stokes (philanthropist)">
Anson Phelps Stokes (philanthropist)

Anson Phelps Stokes (13 April 1874 – 13 August 1958) was an American educator, historian, clergyman, author, philanthropist and civil rights activist.
Biography.
Stokes was one of three men of the same name; his father was multimillionaire banker Anson Phelps Stokes, and his son was Anson Phelps Stokes, Jr., an Episcopal bishop.
He was born in New Brighton on Staten Island, New York, to Anson and Helen Louisa Phelps Stokes, and attended Yale University, graduating in 1896 with a bachelor's degree. At Yale he was inducted into Skull and Bones. He then traveled, mostly in East Asia. In 1897, he entered the Episcopal Theological School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to prepare for the priesthood, and received his bachelor of divinity degree in 1900, although it was not until 1925 that he formally became a priest. 
In 1899, Stokes took the post of secretary of Yale University, second in command to the college president, and he also served as assistant rector of Saint Paul's Episcopal Church in New Haven, Connecticut, from 1900 to 1918. Stokes was a favorite to replace Arthur T. Hadley as president of Yale in 1921, and was said to have had the support of a majority of the board, but a vociferous minority insisted that an outsider was needed at the helm of the university, and Stokes was passed over.
In December 1903, Stokes married Carol G. Mitchell. They had three children: Anson Phelps Stokes, Jr. (1905–1986), Isaac Newton Phelps Stokes II, both born in New Haven, Connecticut, and Olivia Phelps Stokes. Anson Phelps Stokes, Jr., was ordained as an Episcopal priest in 1933.
From 1924 to 1939, Stokes was resident canon at the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. During this time, he became involved in many social, cultural, and ecclesiastical causes, and guided the philanthropy of the Phelps Stokes Fund (established in 1911) to improve the lives of African and American blacks. In 1936, he published a short biography of Booker T. Washington, which was an expanded version of a sketch he had written for the Dictionary of American Biography. 
Stokes saw all of his work as "fellowship in the gospel" (Philemon 1:5).
He died after a lengthy illness in his Lenox, Massachusetts home.
Works.
Stokes wrote these works:

</doc>
<doc id="9913874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913874" title="Sameer Group">
Sameer Group

The Sameer Group of Companies, commonly referred to as the Sameer Group, is a large conglomerate, based in Kenya, with operations and subsidiaries in neighboring African countries.
Overwiew.
The group is involved in industries including: agriculture, manufacturing, distribution, high-tech, construction, transport and finance. The company's offices are located in Nairobi, the capital city of Kenya, and the largest metropolitan area in that country. The shares of stock of some of the group's subsidiaries are listed on the Nairobi Stock Exchange.
Subsidiary companies.
, the Sameer Group subsidiaries include, but are not limited to the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="9913882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913882" title="Cordie Cheek">
Cordie Cheek

Cordie Cheek (1916 - 1933) was the African-American victim of murder by lynching stemming from racial violence. After being falsely accused of raping a young white girl, Cordie was released due to lack of evidence. In response, a white mob of residents from Maury County, Tennessee formed, abducted Cordie, and murdered him by hanging.
Lynching.
Cordie Cheek lived with his parents in Glendale, Tennessee just south of Columbia, Tennessee in Maury County. Cordie's mother Tenny "worked for many years as a cook, maid, midwife, and nurse" for the Moores, a white family that lived nearby. Tenny arranged for Cordie to help doing chores around the Moore household. Henry Carl Moore, nineteen years old in the winter of 1933, was just two years older than Cordie. Friction began to develop between the two young men and, on one occasion, they had come to blows after a dispute over payment due to Cordie and his mother.
On November 16, 1933, Cordie was chopping wood for the Moores. As he brought a load into the house he accidentally collided with Henry's twelve year old sister, tearing her dress. Incensed, Henry paid his younger sister one dollar to claim that Cordie had tried to rape her.
Following the allegations, Cordie was arrested and placed in jail first in Pulaski, Tennessee and eventually in Nashville, where he was transported out of concern for his safety. A Maury County Grand Jury eventually declined to indict Cordie on the charge of rape, and he was subsequently released. Once out of jail, Cordie went to stay in the home of his uncle and aunt, who lived at the edge of the campus of Fisk University in Nashville. A mob formed in Maury County, traveled to Nashville, and abducted Cheek, bringing him back to Maury County. Among them were C. Hayes Denton, Earl Allen, and Bob Hancock.
Once back in Maury County, a lynch mob was formed. The members of the community around Maury County were notified of the impending lynching and assembled to spectate. Cordie was marched up a ladder and a rope was placed around his neck which was strung from a cedar tree. Blindfolded, Cordie's genitals were exposed and he was castrated. One man, allegedly Allen, used a pole to push the ladder from underneath Cordie's feet, hanging him. The onlookers, including women and children spectators, cheered and passed around pistols, firing them into the air in celebration.
Aftermath.
The lynching of Cordie Cheek reverberated across the south, and caused particular panic back at Fisk University. John Hope Franklin, then a student at Fisk, recalled:
"Those of use who had remained in Nashville over the Christmas holidays were obsessed with discussing the Cordie Cheek lynching. Indeed, the entire remainder of our junior year was shadowed by this tragic event. There were investigations, interviews, and other actions. The conclusion that many of us reached was that if it could happen to Cordie Cheek, who had been seized within three blocks of the Fisk Chapel, it could happen to any of us." 
Indeed, in his essay, "Cowards from the Colleges," Langston Hughes commented that Cheek "was abducted almost at the gates of the University." 
In spite of various protests and calls for justice back in Nashville, Gail Williams O'Brien writes that, "Maury County officials, along with a number of leading citizens in the community, closed ranks to block indictments against the alleged lynchers, and neither state nor federal forces overcame their resistance." 
In his Pulitzer Prize winning book, "Devil in the Grove," Gilbert King theorized that the tension that resulted from the lynching of Cheek was one of the factors that gave rise to the infamous 1946 race riots in Columbia, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="9913899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913899" title="Howard Street (Sheffield)">
Howard Street (Sheffield)

Howard Street is a street in the city centre of Sheffield, England. It provides a short link between Sheaf Square and one of the great road arteries, Arundel Gate. The street was pedestrianised in 2005 so as to provide safe haven to pedestrians using the railway station. Howard Street is paved all through in granite.
The top end of Howard Street was pedestrianised in the late 1990s and transformed into Hallam Square. Hallam Square is a half amphitheatre shaped plaza with seating and a water feature.
To the bottom end of Howard Street is the Howard Hotel, a half timbered public house, An Artists Collective/Gallery and shop called the SIlverworks that showcases local artists and sells their work, artists include Patrick Amber, Cassie Limb and Gordie Cavill, there is also Hallam University's Science Park. Along the southern side of the street are terraced houses.

</doc>
<doc id="9913913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913913" title="Agglutination Metal Festival">
Agglutination Metal Festival

Agglutination Metal Festival is an Italian metal festival held annually in Basilicata, among the towns of Senise, Chiaromonte and Sant'Arcangelo (Potenza). Born in 1995 as an event to promote emerging groups, it is one of the first and most long-lived metal festivals in Italy.
It has hosted bands such as Overkill, Cannibal Corpse, Mayhem, Stratovarius, Destruction, Gamma Ray, Dark Tranquillity and Marduk. Among the Italian bands who performed at the Agglutination there are Rhapsody of Fire, Bulldozer, Necrodeath, Stormlord, Labyrinth and Theatres des Vampires.
Lineups.
2014.
Coming on 23 august at Senise
2013.
Held on 10 August at Senise
2012.
Held on 25 August at Chiaromonte
2011.
Held on 20 August at Chiaromonte
2010.
Held on 9 August at Sant'Arcangelo 
2009.
Held on 10 August 2010 at Campo Sportivo, Sant'Arcangelo (Potenza)
2008.
Held on 9 August 2008 in Sant'Arcangelo
2007.
Held on 11 August in Sant'Arcangelo.
2006.
Planned for August 10 in Chiaromonte, but cancelled because of heavy rain.
2005.
Held on August 13 in Chiaromonte.
2004.
Held on August 12 in Chiaromonte.
2003.
Held on August 9 in Chiaromonte. Vader were scheduled to perform before Virgin Steele, but they missed their plane.
2002.
Held in August in Chiaromonte.
2001.
Held on August 11 in Chiaromonte.
2000.
Held on August 12 in Chiaromonte. Antropofagus were also scheduled to appear.
1999.
Held on August 13 in Chiaromonte.
1998.
Held on August 11 in Chiaromonte.
1997.
Held on August 12 in Chiaromonte.
1996.
Held in August in Chiaromonte.
1995.
Held in August in Chiaromonte.

</doc>
<doc id="9913921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913921" title="Customer Access and Retrieval System">
Customer Access and Retrieval System

The Customer Access and Retrieval System, commonly known as CARS, is mostly used in the Western United States. The system stores bill and credit information, equipment information, carrier billing information, customer contact notes and payment history. The CARS interface is quite similar to the BOSS interface.
Operation.
User IDs are six characters and normally begin with a 'B' for business. Passwords (usually referred to as lockwords in the western United States) are from four to either characters and must contain at least one alpha and one numeric character. Passwords expire after 30 days. The system also asks for a Project Code (use 'M'), a Group Code (use 'G') and a Position Number. The Position Number consists of a pair of two character fields. The first two characters are the office code and the second two characters identify the individual employee.
References.
Telephone Company Customer Applications

</doc>
<doc id="9913956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913956" title="Grønsund">
Grønsund

Grønsund is a strait in Denmark separating the island Falster from the islands Møn and Bogø. Grønsund's maximum depth is at approx. 20 metres and the width is between 1 - 4 km. Storstrømmen channel is situated to the west and Stege Bugt lies to the north between Zealand and Møn. A ferry crosses the channel in the summertime from Stubbekøbing to Bogø island. Grønsund has several shallow areas, i.e. near Bogø, and has a strong and alternating current. Both submersed and riparian vegetation is rich, and the sound is an important breeding area for wildlife and fish. Many shore birds, including cormorants, mute swans, greylag geese, pintails, shovelers, eiders, avocets, several species of waders, as well as gulls and terns are breeding in the area. The porpoise lives in the area.
Oil spill.
On March 29, 2001, the oil tanker "Baltic Carrier" collided with the bulk carrier "Tern" in the western Baltic Sea, near the naval border between Germany and Denmark, and 2700 tons of bunker oil leaked from the cargo tanks into the open sea. The oil slick drifted towards the Danish shorelines and the most seriously affected area became Grønsund.

</doc>
<doc id="9913976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913976" title="Jason Glenn">
Jason Glenn

Jason Glenn (born August 20, 1979) is a former American football linebacker who played for the New York Jets, the Miami Dolphins, and the Minnesota Vikings between 2001–2006. He is the younger brother of Jacksonville Jaguars cornerback Aaron Glenn.
Early years.
Jason played youth football in the same league his brother Aaron did Humble Area Football League HAFL
High school and college career.
Glenn attended Chester W. Nimitz high school in Houston, Texas.
Glenn began his college career at Texas A&M as a safety, but significant increases in size and strength made him better suited for the linebacker position, which he began playing his sophomore year. He was an All-Big 12 Conference first-team selection as a senior in 2000 despite suffering a season-ending knee injury. He finished his college career with 167 tackles (107 solo), 11 sacks, 22 passes deflected and 33 tackles for losses and was one of the Aggies' fan favorites as well as a vocal leader on and off the field.
He was selected a third team All-American by the Associated Press.
Professional career.
Glenn played in the final 15 regular season games of 2001 as rookie with the Jets and finished fifth on the team in special teams tackles with 17. He played in the AFC Wild Card game at Oakland on 1/12/02 and had one special teams tackle.
Played in all 16 of the 2002 Jets' games. Most of his time was spent on special teams, where he ranked second on the team with 27 tackles, as well as a blocked punt and one fumble recovery. Also had a tackle and a pass deflection in spot duty as an extra LB. Made one tackle on defense and two on special teams in the AFC Wild Card playoff game win over Indianapolis Made two special teams tackles in the AFC Divisional Playoff loss at Oakland.
Played in 14 games in 2003 for Jets and saw his role increase significantly from his first two seasons. Although he was used primarily as the team’s nickel LB, he did start once (game 14 against Pittsburgh) and ended up with 47 tackles on the season.
In 2004, he was limited due to injury—he suffered a fractured right arm against New England and missed six games with the injury. Finished with 10 tackles (seven solo) and a fumble recovery.
Played in all 16 games in 2005 (primarily on special teams) for the Dolphins. Finished the year with 13 tackles (12 solo).
Played primarily on special teams in nine games for the Vikings. He had eight tackles on defense (six solo) and one fumble recovery on special teams before being placed on IR Nov. 14 with an injured knee. Glenn re-aggravated that knee injury during 2007 training camp and was to again be placed on the IR on August 14, 2007. That same day, Vikings' Head Coach Brad Childress announced that Glenn was retiring from football.
Coaching career.
Jason was an assistant coach at Pearland High School in Pearland, Texas. The Oilers won the Texas Division 1 5A football title in 2010. In 2011, Jason became head football coach at Chavez High School in Houston,Texas.
2012: Hired as assistant coach at Klein Oak High School, in Spring, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9913977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913977" title="Abul-Hasan al-Hasan ibn Ali">
Abul-Hasan al-Hasan ibn Ali

Abul-Hasan al-Hasan ibn Ali (alternatly known as "Al-Hassan ibn Ziri") (1109–1171) was the last ruler of the Zirid dynasty in Ifriqiya 1121–1152. He succeeded Ali ibn Yahya.
Under his reign, piracy became an important source of income, although in turn this destabilised the relationships to the Christian maritime cultures.
In order to secure trade in the Mediterranean he was forced to accept dependence on the Norman-controlled Sicily. Between 1146 and 1148 the Zirid realm fell,and Abul-Hasan lost all regions except for Algiers, until this fell also this time to the Almohad dynasty, or Moors.
Abdul-Hasan lived in Marrakech until his death, even gaining some power of governance over al-Mahdiya.

</doc>
<doc id="9913993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9913993" title="Babacar (Babacar album)">
Babacar (Babacar album)

Babacar is a 1998 album, the sole release by the British rock band Babacar. The album received mediocre reviews and was a commercial failure. The band dissolved when Shelleyan Orphan briefly reunited in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9914015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914015" title="Fire of London Disputes Act 1666">
Fire of London Disputes Act 1666

The Fire of London Disputes Act 1666 was an Act of the Parliament of England (18 & 19 Cha. II c. 7) with the long title "An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London." Following the Great Fire of London, Parliament established a court to settle all differences arising between landlords and tenants of burnt buildings, overseen by judges of the King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas and Court of Exchequer. 
The twenty two judges who served under the act included the following.
Portraits of the judges by John Michael Wright were put up in the Guildhall by the city in gratitude for their services. These paintings, completed in 1670, hung in London's Guildhall until it was bombed during World War II; today only two (those of Sir Matthew Hale and Sir Hugh Wyndham) remain in the Guildhall Art Gallery the remainder having been destroyed or dispersed.
The act was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
References.
The Fire of London occurred in the year 1666 where it burned the whole of London. The fire started in a local bakery by the River Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="9914023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914023" title="Alfa Romeo 6C">
Alfa Romeo 6C

The Alfa Romeo 6C name was used on road, race, and sports cars that were made between 1925 and 1954 by Alfa Romeo. 6C refers to a straight 6 engine. Bodies for these cars were made by coachbuilders such as James Young, Zagato, Touring, Castagna, and Pininfarina. Starting from 1933 there was also a 6C version with a factory Alfa body, built in Portello. In the early 1920s Vittorio Jano got a task to create a lightweight, high performance vehicle to replace the Giuseppe Merosi designed RL and RM models. The car was introduced in April 1925 at the Salone dell’ Automobile di Milano as the 6C 1500. It was based on the P2 racing car, using single overhead cam 1,487 cc inline six-cylinder motor producing 44 horsepower, in the 1928 was presented the 1500 Sport which was the first Alfa Romeo road car with double overhead camshafts.
6C 1500 (1925–1929).
In the mid-1920s, Alfa's RL was considered too large and heavy, so a new development began. The 2-liter formula that had led to Alfa Romeo winning the World Championship in 1925, changed to 1.5 liter for the 1926 season. The 6C1500 was introduced in 1925 at Milan, production started 1927, with the P2 Grand Prix car as starting point. Engine capacity was now 1487 cc, against the P2's 1987 cc, while supercharging was dropped. First versions were bodied by Young and Touring.
In 1928, a 6C Sport was released, with a dual overhead camshafts engine. Its sport version won many races, including the 1928 Mille Miglia. Total production was 3000 (200 with DOHC engine). Ten copies of a supercharged ("compressore", compressor) Super Sport variant were also made.
6C 1750 (1929–1933).
The more powerful 6C 1750 (1752 cc actual) was introduced in 1929 in Rome. It was produced in six series between 1929 and 1933. Base model had a single overhead cam; Super Sport and Gran Sport versions had double overhead cam engine (DOHC). Again, a supercharger was available. Most of the cars were sold as rolling chassis and bodied by coachbuilders such as Zagato, Touring and James Young. In 1929, it won every major racing event it was entered, including the Grands Prix of Belgium, Spain, Tunis and Monza, as well as the Mille Miglia was won with Giuseppe Campari and Giulio Ramponi, the Brooklands Double Twelve and the Ulster TT was won also, in 1930 it won again the Mille Miglia and Spa 24 Hours. Total production was 2635.
6C 1900 (1933).
The last derivate of original 1500 version the 6C 1900 with an 1917 cc engine was introduced in 1933, now with an aluminium head for the first time. With 68 brake horsepower this version could achieve top speed of . The 1900 version is very rare as only 197 copies were made before it was replaced by 6C 2300.
6C 2300 (1934–1937).
The 6C 2300 (2309 cc) was designed by Vittorio Jano as a cheaper alternative to the 8C. In 1934 Alfa Romeo had become a state-owned enterprise. This year was presented a new 6C model with a newly designed, larger engine. Chassis technology, however, had been taken from the predecessor.
One year later, a revised model, called the 6C 2300 B was presented. In this version the engine was placed in a completely newly designed chassis, with individual front suspension and rear swing axle, and hydraulic brakes. The 6C-2300 was produced in 760 copies with rigid axles and 870 copies of the B-model.
Aerodinamica Spider.
In 1935, the brothers Gino and Oscar Jankovitz, started the project of a one-off mid-engine prototype on an own, ladder-type chassis, powered by an Alfa Romo 6C2300 Turismo engine (no. 700316 in 1934 from a Berlina). The brothers Jankovitz were inspired, for their prototype, called the Alfa Romeo Aerodinamica Spider, by Paul Jaray's aerodynamic theories ponton styling — a genre that would overtake automobile styling and last until the 1960s.
Based on documents kept in the family Jankovits the history of the car's development is as follows:
summary of the "Aerospider" Alfa Romeo Jankovits - 6 C 2300 Aerodinamica Spider "Aerospider" (constructed 1934–1937)
The construction of the car took many years, and the result differed somewhat from the earliest drawings, while retaining a strong ladder type chassis fitted with US-sourced suspension components. The aerodynamically interesting body, a quite heavy steel construction with high and large windshield, was fitted to the car years later as the rolling chassis had already been registered in Fiume (I) (2757 FM) before the war.
The Aerospider represents
It had:
The first car which was designed for high speeds by using:
This aerodynamic design was in some respects advanced for its times, and a forerunner of modern sports car.
The car had some advanced features for being a pre-war project. It was the first car in history to use:
Technical description.
Engine: Alfa Romeo 6 C 2300 engine tipo Turismo, built in 1934, No. 700316, placed behind the driver, iron-block, light alloy head, dual-overhead-cam 2309 cc, straight-six, camshafts chain-driven, spur gears, wet sump lubrication, three dual Weber 36 D 04 carburettors, improved intake of combustion air, adjustable timing of ignition.
 *Transmission: Alfa Romeo 4-speed plus reverse, mounted with Hardy disc behind the engine, driven rear wheels, hydraulically assisted clutch, pre-selective gearbox
front: steel sheet top wishbones with lever-arm “Houdaille” hydraulic shock absorbers, transverse leaf spring and longitudinal torsion bars;
rear: swing axles, radius arms, transverse leaf spring, longitudinal torsion bars
History.
The brothers Jankovits were sons of the Alfa Romeo dealer in Fiume pre-war – today Rijeka. As such, they came into ownership of a second hand 6C2300 berlina turismo chassis 700316, whose engine they retained for their own project of a mid-engined sports car.
In December 1935, Jankovits' drawing of the front suspension still considered it being sprung either by torsion bars or transverse leaf spring (design 11/12/1935). Eventually, a new design was made using a Mille Miglia OM pivot and modified 1935 Ford Sedan elements, with a thick (4mm steel sheet) upper transverse wishbone and lower location through the leaf spring.
The 6C2300 Turismo engine was originally standard fitted with a free wheel at the end of the gearbox, which they removed and installed in its place a differential unit from a Lancia Lambda. The 6C 2300 engine was later upgraded with three Weber carburettors, a fitting used on the 6C2500SS sports cars from 1939.
Between 1935 and 1937 the construction was carried out by the Jankovits, and a “running chassis” could be tested and registered. Depending on test results, improvements were made. The chassis frame is a very solid, traditional construction. It was the first car with a suspension designed with wishbones, hydraulic dampers, transverse leaf springs, radius arms and torsion bars. Other pioneering features were devices to eliminate overbraking and a sophisticated system of gear change with pre-selection.
The aerodynamic shape of the car was designed by Oscar Jankovits, probably inspired by Josef Mickl, Porsche's specialist of aerodynamics, and Paul Jaray, the inventor of streamlined cars, and Bela Barenyi, the inventor of the “Volkswagen”. The exceptional streamlined steel body was built by workers at the Jankovits Garage in Fiume between 1936 and 1937.
The car still has its original licence plate and documents of registration.
The prototype remained hidden in the Jankovits’ garage in Fiume during the war, and was not seen by anyone from outside the garage.
On Christmas Eve 1946, the Jankovits brothers got a temporary registration document (valid until 31-12-1946) and drove the Aerospider through the border into Italy. To get money they had to sell their car to an Anglo-American officer. Then the Alfa disappeared for about 20 years until it was rediscovered in England. In 1978 well-known Alfa Romeo historian Luigi Fusi put the then-owner of the car with the Jankovits, and considered to buy the car for the Alfa museum. The acquisition failed, but the prototype did eventually return to Italy, 30 years after its birth, to be restored. While being red according to 1946 documents, it has been resprayed metallic blue, and then black by current owner, who also replaced the original windshield with a smaller, "sportier" one.
It has been speculated a lot over the connections between this car and racing projects at Alfa Romeon while such claims remain unsubstantiated. A first version had Wifredo Ricart involved, in order to suggest links between the Jankovits and later, mid-engined racers such as the 1940 512 single seater, or even the 1941 163 sports car project, implying that the Jankovits would have eventually been fitted with Ricart's V16 engine. As this theory self-evidently implied some time warp (Ricart arrived in Italy in 1936 and started working of sporst and racing cars long after the Jankovits spider was built into a running chassis), a new interpretation then involved Jano, which at least could have made sense as per chronology. Yet, the theory was built on the assumption that Jano had family roots in Hungary, a fact hat has since been proven false by genealogical research about the Jano family.
Considering the layout of the frame, and since it borrows parts from standard cars of other marques, the Jankovits spider can be described as an advanced, well-inspired home construction of the late 1930s. Any close study of its construction rules out, instead, the claimed links with any Alfa Romeo racing project, a parentship the Jankovits doesn't need anyway for being considered a remarkable car.
Time frame of construction of the Aerospider
6C 2500 (1938–1952).
Introduced in 1938, the 2500 (2443 cc) was the last 6C road car. World War II was coming and car development was stopped, but a few hundred 6C 2500s were built from 1940 to 1945. Postwar, the first new Alfa model was the 1946 6C 2500 "Freccia d'Oro" (Golden Arrow), of which 680 were built through 1951, with bodies by Alfa. The 2500 had enlarged engine compared to the predecessor model, this Vittorio Jano designed double overhead cam engine was available either one or three Weber carburetors. The triple carburetor version was used in the top of line SS (Super Sport) version. The 2443 cc engine was mounted to steel steel ladder frame chassis, which was offered with three wheelbase lengths: on the Turismo, on the Sport and on the Super Sport. Various coachbuilders made their own versions of the 2500, but most of the bodyworks was made by Touring of Milan.
The Tipo 256 was a racing version of 2500 made eight copies between 1939 and 1940 for Mille Miglia and the 24 Hours of Le Mans. It was made as Spider (convertible) and Berlinetta (coupe) Touring bodystyles. With power of it could achieve top speed of .
It was sold to wealthy customers like King Farouk, Alì Khan, Rita Hayworth, Tyrone Power, and Prince Rainier. One was also featured in "The Godfather" in 1972.
The 2500 was one of the most expensive cars available at its own time.
The last 6C was produced in 1952, and was replaced by the 1900.
6C 2500 Freccia d'Oro.
The 6C 2500 Freccia d'Oro (Golden Arrow) was the first postwar Alfa Romeo it was built 680 through 1951, with bodies by Alfa. The car was Berlina bodystyle with 5-6 seats based on 2500 Sport. It has wheelbase of and it weights . With 4-speed manual gearbox this car could achieve top speed of .
6C 2500 Villa d'Este.
The 6C 2500 "Villa d'Este" was introduced in 1949 and was produced until 1952, named for the "Concorso d'Eleganza" held in Villa d'Este; a Touring Superleggera-bodied version won the prize. Villa d'Este was Alfa's last hand built model, only 36 examples made (including 5 cabriolets).
6C 2500 Coloniale.
The 2500 Coloniale was a special version of 6C, used by the highest military authorities and government. The car was designed by the request of the Italian Ministry of Defense in 1938 for use in the numerous Italian colonies. At that time, the Italians had many colonies in Africa. Two prototypes of the model Alfa 6C 2500 Coloniale were manufactured by Alfa Romeo in 1939. Giambattista Guidotti had been instructed to test two prototypes in East Africa. He had already led an Alfa Romeo 8C 2300B Mille Miglia in 1937. The car will be the first to be manufactured using technology developed by the renowned Carrozzeria Touring, the Superleggera. Actual production began in 1941. The car had two spare wheels, a fuel tank of 120 liters and four additional reserves with a capacity of 70 liters of gasoline. In addition, the differential can be locked from the dashboard by the driver. Production of Coloniale stopped in 1942 due to the war, when 150 vehicles, plus two prototypes were produced.
6C 2500 Sport Pininfarina.
The 2500 Pininfarina was manufactured during the Second World War on the 1943, when “Alfa Romeo” manufacture was adjusted to build technology for the needs of the army. The vehicles of the 1943 make only had their chassis and the transmission parts assembled on the production line, however, the body and interior design was done by the Italian design studio Pininfarina.
6C 3000 (1950–1954).
A 6C 3000 was prototype made in 1950, basically a 2500 with a 3L engine. It did not appear until 1952, as the Competizione Maggiorata (CM), built for racing, with a 3.5L engine, in four coupé and two spider versions.
6C 3000 Competizione Maggiorata.
6C 3000 Competizione Maggiorata was born in 1952. The body was shaped by Carrozzeria Colli, a coachbuilder from Milan, with some remembrances from the style introduced by 1900 Disco Volante.
The propulsion system of this model comes from a project by Giuseppe Busso. It was different from his ancestor: it still used several components of the 3-liters-volume/6-cylinders system from the 6C 3000 prototype, but engine capacity was increased to 3495 cc. After several evolutions, it reached a power of .
3000 CM was realised in six copies: four coupé and two spider. With the coupé model Juan Manuel Fangio and Giulio Sala got the second position at Mille Miglia, in 1953. Fangio was leading the race, but a problem with the chassis obliged him to slow down. Still with Fangio, the spider won the First Gran Premio Supercorte Maggiore in Meran, 1953; this car is shown today at Museo Storico Alfa Romeo.
One of the two spider was modified to cope with the new rules of the International Sport Category and the capacity was limited to 3-liters. This car was renamed PR, Passo Ridotto (Reduced Wheelbase).<ref name="italiaspeed.com/2009"/> This second spider belongs to the Museo Storico Alfa Romeo’s collection.
During the sixties, at the end of the period of competitions, 6C 3000 CM was used by the Experience Department of Alfa Romeo for testing new components, one of which is the disc brake, which is still present today in this vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="9914051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914051" title="John D. Zeglis">
John D. Zeglis

John D. Zeglis (born 1947) served as the President of AT&T and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of AT&T Wireless.
Early life.
Mr. Zeglis grew up in the farming community of Momence, Illinois. His father, Donald, worked as a lawyer within the town. As a child, Mr. Zeglis enjoyed playing basketball and golf. Mr. Zeglis continued to play both sports in high school and graduated as a valedictorian.
Mr. Zeglis attended the University of Illinois College of Business. Both of Mr. Zeglis's parents attended the University of Illinois and Mr. Zeglis thought the school was a natural fit. He noted, "Illinois was the big leagues, our Super Bowl...I used to go to football games, and I would think, `Wouldn't it be great to be in school here?' Going to the University of Illinois was perfectly natural." As a student, Mr. Zeglis served as the house president of Beta Theta Pi and was a member of Sigma Iota Epsilon. He attained admission to two major honor societies including Beta Gamma Sigma and Phi Kappa Phi. He graduated Bronze Tablet in 1969 with a Bachelor of Science degree in finance.
After attending the University of Illinois, Mr. Zeglis gained admission to Harvard Law School. He served as the senior editor to the Harvard Law Review and graduated magna cum laude with a Juris Doctorate in 1972.
Career.
John Zeglis began his career in 1973 at the law firm now known as Sidley Austin, one of the largest law firms based out of Chicago, Illinois. He became a partner five years later. While at Sidley, Mr. Zeglis worked on the AT&T account during the antitrust lawsuit United States v. AT&T — which resulted in the breakup of the AT&T/Bell System. By 1984, AT&T had successfully broken up into the "Baby Bells". Soon after, Mr. Zeglis joined AT&T as a vice-president and general counsel.
John is currently a co-owner of the NBA D-League team the Fort Wayne Mad Ants with his son-in-law Jeff Potter.
Boards and other associations.
John Zeglis has served on a number of corporate, educational, and philanthropic boards. A list of these affiliations is provided below.

</doc>
<doc id="9914067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914067" title="IPCL Sports Complex Ground">
IPCL Sports Complex Ground

Reliance Stadium or Indian Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd Sports Complex Ground also known as the IPCL Ground is located in Vadodara, Gujarat. 
This stadium is now under Reliance Industries, also known as Reliance Stadium. The stadium is also the home of the Baroda cricket team - one of India's domestic teams.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches since 1994, the last one in 2010 (part of the India New Zealand series December 2010), but has yet to stage a Test match.
History.
One of the four first-class and two international grounds in Vadodara, the IPCL Sports Complex Ground is part of the sprawling IPCL complex, situated about 10 kilometers from the city centre. The ground was owned and maintained by the Reliance Industries and has taken preference over the oldest cricket ground in Asia the Moti Bagh Stadium for ODIs. 
The batsmen have traditionally enjoyed this high-scoring venue with a true wicket that holds up throughout the length of a 50-over game.
One Day International cricket.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.
Game Statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="9914109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914109" title="Bay Meadows Breeders' Cup Sprint">
Bay Meadows Breeders' Cup Sprint

The Bay Meadows Breeders' Cup Sprint is a race for Thoroughbred horses held each year at Bay Meadows in San Mateo, California. The race is open to four-year-olds and up willing to make a six furlong dash on the dirt. 
A Grade III event, it offers a trophy and a purse of $100,000 (includes $25,000 from the Breeders' Cup Fund). 
In 2009, this race will be downgraded from a Grade III event to ungraded status.

</doc>
<doc id="9914115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914115" title="Resolution of singularities">
Resolution of singularities

In algebraic geometry, the problem of resolution of singularities asks whether every algebraic variety "V" has a resolution, a non-singular variety "W" with a proper birational map "W"→"V". For varieties over fields of characteristic 0 this was proved in , while for varieties over fields of characteristic "p" it is an open problem in dimensions at least 4.
Definitions.
Originally the problem of resolution of singularities was to find a nonsingular model for the function field of a variety "X", in other words a complete non-singular variety "X′" with the same function field. In practice it is more convenient to ask for a different condition as follows: a variety "X" has a resolution of singularities if we can find a non-singular variety "X′" and a proper birational map from "X′" to "X". The condition that the map is proper is needed to exclude trivial solutions, such as taking "X′" to be the subvariety of non-singular points of "X".
More generally, it is often useful to resolve the singularities of a variety "X" embedded into a larger variety "W". Suppose we have a closed embedding of "X" into a regular variety "W". A strong desingularization of "X" is given by a proper birational morphism from a regular variety "W"′ to "W" subject to some of the following conditions (the exact choice of conditions depends on the author):
Hironaka showed that there is a strong desingularization satisfying the first three conditions above whenever "X" is defined over a field of characteristic 0, and his construction was improved by several authors (see below) so that it satisfies all conditions above.
Resolution of singularities of curves.
Every algebraic curve has a unique nonsingular projective model, which means that all resolution methods are essentially the same because they all construct this model. In higher dimensions this is no longer true: varieties can have many different nonsingular projective models.
Newton's method.
Resolution of singularities of curves was essentially first proved by , who showed the existence of Puiseux series for a curve from which resolution follows easily.
Riemann's method.
Riemann constructed a smooth Riemann surface from the function field of a complex algebraic curve, which gives a resolution of its singularities. This can be done over more general fields by using the set of discrete valuation rings of the field as a substitute for the Riemann surface.
Albanese's method.
Albanese's method consists of taking a curve that spans a projective space of sufficiently large dimension (more than twice the degree of the curve) and repeatedly projecting down from singular points to projective spaces of smaller dimension. This method extends to higher-dimensional varieties, and shows that any "n"-dimensional variety has a projective model with singularities of multiplicity at most "n"!, which when "n" is one means that there are no singular points.
Valuation rings.
Another one-step method of resolving singularities of a curve is to take a space of valuation rings of the function field of the curve. This space can be made into a nonsingular projective curve birational to the original curve.
Blowing up.
Repeatedly blowing up the singular points of a curve will eventually resolve the singularities. The main task with this method is to find a way to measure the complexity of a singularity and to show that blowing up improves this measure. There are many ways to do this. For example, one can use the arithmetic genus of the curve.
Noether's method.
Noether's method takes a plane curve and repeatedly applies quadratic transformations (determined by a singular points and two points in general position). Eventually this produces a plane curve whose only singularities are ordinary multiple points (all tangent lines have multiplicity 1).
Bertini's method.
Bertini's method is similar to Noether's method. It starts with a plane curve, and repeatedly applies birational transformations to the plane to improve the curve. The birational transformations are more complicated than the quadratic transformations used in Noether's method, but produce the better result that the only singularities are ordinary double points.
Resolution of singularities of surfaces.
Surfaces have many different nonsingular projective models (unlike the case of curves where the nonsingular projective model is unique). However a surface still has a unique minimal resolution, that all others factor through (all others are resolutions of it). In higher dimensions there need not be a minimal resolution.
There were several attempts to prove resolution for surfaces over the complex numbers by , , , , and , but points out that none of these early attempts are complete, and all are vague (or even wrong) at some critical point of the argument. The first rigorous proof was given by , and an algebraic proof for all fields of characteristic 0 was given by . gave a proof for surfaces of non-zero characteristic. Resolution of singularities has also been shown for all excellent 2-dimensional schemes (including all arithmetic surfaces) by .
Zariski's method.
Zariski's method of resolution of singularities for surfaces is to repeatedly alternate normalizing the surface (which kills codimension 1 singularities) with blowing up points (which makes codimension 2 singularities better, but may introduce new codimension 1 singularities). Although this will resolve the singularities of surfaces by itself, Zariski used a more roundabout method: he first proved a local uniformization theorem showing that every valuation of a surface could be resolved, then used the compactness of the Zariski–Riemann surface to show that it is possible to find a finite set of surfaces such that the center of each valuation is simple on at least one of these surfaces, and finally by studying birational maps between surfaces showed that this finite set of surfaces could be replaced by a single non-singular surface.
Jung's method.
By applying strong embedded resolution for curves, reduces to a surface with only rather special singularities (abelian quotient singularities) which are then dealt with explicitly. The higher-dimensional version of this method is de Jong's method.
Albanese method.
In general the analogue of Albanese's method for curves shows that for any variety one can reduce to singularities of order at most "n"!, where "n" is the dimension. For surfaces this reduces to the case of singularities of order 2, which are easy enough to do explicitly.
Hironaka's method.
Hironaka's method for arbitrary characteristic 0 varieties gives a resolution method for surfaces, which involves repeatedly blowing up points or smooth curves in the singular set.
Lipman's method.
His method was to consider normal surfaces "Z" with a birational proper map to "Y" and show that there is a minimal one with minimal possible arithmetic genus. He then shows that all singularities of this minimal "Z" are pseudo rational, and shows that pseudo rational singularities can be resolved by repeatedly blowing up points.
Resolution of singularities in higher dimensions.
The problem of resolution of singularities in higher dimensions is notorious for many incorrect published proofs and announcements of proofs that never appeared.
Zariski's method.
For 3-folds the resolution of singularities was proved in characteristic 0 by . He first proved a theorem about local uniformization of valuation rings, valid for varieties of any dimension over any field of characteristic 0. He then showed that the Zariski–Riemann space of valuations is quasi-compact (for any variety of any dimension over any field), implying that there is a finite family of models of any projective variety such that any valuation has a smooth center over at least one of these models. The final and hardest part of the proof, which uses the fact that the variety is of dimension 3 but which works for all characteristics, is to show that given 2 models one can find a third that resolves the singularities that each of the two given models resolve.
Hironaka's method.
Resolution of singularities in characteristic 0 in all dimensions was first proved by . He proved that it was possible to resolve singularities of varieties over fields of characteristic 0 by repeatedly blowing up along non-singular subvarieties, using a very complicated argument by induction on the dimension. Simplified versions of
his formidable proof were given by several people, including , , , , , . Some of the recent proofs are about a tenth of the length of Hironaka's original proof, and are easy enough to give in an introductory graduate course. For an expository account of the theorem, see and
for a historical discussion see .
De Jong's method.
De Jong proved that for any variety "X" over a field there is a dominant proper morphism which preserves the dimension from a regular variety onto "X". This need not be a birational map, so is not a resolution of singularities, as it may be generically finite to one and so involves a finite extension of the function field of "X". De Jong's idea was to try to represent "X" as a fibration over a smaller space "Y" with fibers that are curves (this may involve modifying "X"), then eliminate the singularities of "Y" by induction on the dimension, then eliminate the singularities in the fibers.
Resolution for schemes and status of the problem.
It is easy to extend the definition of resolution to all schemes. Not all schemes have resolutions of their singularities: showed that if a locally Noetherian scheme "X" has the property that one can resolve the singularities of any finite integral scheme over "X", then "X" must be quasi-excellent. Grothendieck also suggested that the converse might hold: in other words, if a locally Noetherian scheme "X" is reduced and quasi excellent, then it is possible to resolve its singularities. When "X" is defined over a field of characteristic 0, this follows from Hironaka's theorem, and when "X" has dimension at most 2 it was prove by Lipman. In general it would follow if it is possible to resolve the singularities of all integral complete local rings.
Method of proof in characteristic zero.
There are many constructions of strong desingularization but all of them give essentially the same result. In every case the global object (the variety to be desingularized) is replaced by local data (the ideal sheaf of the variety and those of the exceptional divisors and some "orders" that represents how much should be resolved the ideal in that step). With this local data the centers of blowing-up are defined. The centers will be defined locally and therefore it is a problem to guarantee that they will match up into a global center. This can be done by defining what blowings-up are allowed to resolve each ideal. Done this appropriately will make the centers match automatically. Another way is to define a local invariant depending on the variety and the history of the resolution (the previous local centers) so that the centers consist of the maximum locus of the invariant. The definition of this is made such that making this choice is meaningful, giving smooth centers transversal to the exceptional divisors.
In either case the problem is reduced to resolve singularities of the tuple formed by the ideal sheaf and the extra data (the exceptional divisors and the order, "d", to which the resolution should go for that ideal). This tuple is called a "marked ideal" and the set of points in which the order of the ideal is larger than "d" is called its co-support. The proof that there is a resolution for the marked ideals is done by induction on dimension. The induction breaks in two steps:
Here we say that a marked ideal is of "maximal order" if at some point of its co-support the order of the ideal is equal to "d".
A key ingredient in the strong resolution is the use of the Hilbert–Samuel function of the local rings of the points in the variety. This is one of the components of the resolution invariant.
Examples.
Multiplicity need not decrease under blowup.
The most obvious invariant of a singularity is its multiplicity. However this need not decrease under blowup, so it is necessary to use more subtle invariants to measure the improvement.
For example, the rhamphoid cusp "y"2 = "x"5 has a singularity of order 2 at the origin. After blowing up at its singular point it becomes the ordinary cusp "y"2 = "x"3, which still has multiplicity 2.
In the previous example it was fairly clear that the singularity improved since the degree of one of the monomials defining it got smaller. This does not happen in general. 
An example where it does not is given by the isolated singularity of "x"2 + "y"3"z" + "z"3 = 0 at the origin. Blowing it up gives the singularity "x"2 + "y"2"z" + "yz"3 = 0. It is not immediately obvious that this new singularity is better, as both singularities have multiplicity 2 and are given by the sum of monomials of degrees 2, 3, and 4.
Blowing up the most singular points does not work.
A natural idea for improving singularities is to blow up the locus of the "worst" singular points. The Whitney umbrella "x"2 = "y"2"z" has singular set the "z" axis, most of whose point are ordinary double points, but there is a more complicated pinch point singularity at the origin, so blowing up the worst singular points suggests that one should start by blowing up the origin. However blowing up the origin reproduces the same singularity on one of the coordinate charts. So blowing up the (apparently) "worst" singular points does not improve the singularity. Instead the singularity can be resolved by blowing up along the "z"-axis.
There are algorithms that work by blowing up the "worst" singular points in some sense, such as , but this example shows that the definition of the "worst" points needs to be quite subtle.
For more complicated singularities, such as "x"2 = "y""m""z""n" which is singular along "x" = "yz" =0, blowing up the worst singularity at the origin produces the singularities "x"2 = "y""m"+"n"−2"z""n" and "x"2 = "y""m""z""m"+"n"−2 which are worse than the original singularity if "m" and "n" are both at least 3.
After the resolution the total transform, the union of the strict transform, "X", and the exceptional divisors, is a variety with singularities of the simple normal crossings type. Then it is natural to consider the possibility of resolving singularities without resolving this type of singularities, this is finding a resolution that is an isomorphism over the set of smooth and simple normal crossing points. When "X" is a divisor, i.e. it can be embedded as a codimension one subvariety in a smooth variety it is known to be true the existence of the strong resolution avoiding simple normal crossing points. Whitney's umbrella shows that it is not possible to resolve singularities avoiding blowing-up the normal crossings singularities.
Incremental resolution procedures need memory.
A natural way to resolve singularities is to repeatedly blow up some canonically chosen smooth subvariety. This runs into the following problem. The singular set of "x"2 = "y"2"z"2 is the pair of lines given by the "y" and "z" axes. The only reasonable varieties to blow up are the origin, one of these two axes, or the whole singular set (both axes). However the whole singular set cannot be used since it is not smooth, and choosing one of the two axes breaks the symmetry between them so is not canonical. This means we have to start by blowing up the origin, but this reproduces the original singularity, so we seem to be going round in circles.
The solution to this problem is that although blowing up the origin does not change the type of the singularity, it does give a subtle improvement: it breaks the symmetry between the two singular axes because one of them is an exceptional divisor for a previous blowup, so it is now permissible to blow up just one of these. However in order to exploit this the resolution procedure needs to treat these 2 singularities differently, even though they are locally the same. This is sometimes done by giving the resolution procedure some memory, so the center of the blowup at each step depends not only on the singularity, but on the previous blowups used to produce it.
Resolutions are not functorial.
Some resolution methods (in characteristic 0) are functorial for all smooth morphisms.
However it is not possible to find a strong resolution functorial for all (possibly non-smooth) morphisms. An example is given by the map from the affine plane "A"2 to the conical singularity "x"2 + "y"2 = "z"2 taking ("X","Y") to (2"XY", "X"2 − "Y"2, "X"2 + "Y"2). The "XY"-plane is already nonsingular so should not be changed by resolution, and any resolution of the conical singularity factorizes through the minimal resolution given by blowing up the singular point. However the rational map from the "XY"-plane to this blowup does not extend to a regular map.
Minimal resolutions need not exist.
Minimal resolutions (resolutions such that every resolution factors through them) exist in dimensions 1 and 2, but not always in higher dimensions. The Atiyah flop gives an example in 3 dimensions of a singularity with no minimal resolution.
Let "Y" be the zeros of "xy" = "zw" in A4, and let "V" be the blowup of "Y" at the origin. 
The exceptional locus of this blowup is isomorphic to P1×P1, and can be blown down to P1 in 2 different ways, giving two small resolutions "X"1 and "X"2 of "Y", neither of which can be blown down any further.
Singularities of toric varieties.
Singularities of toric varieties give examples of high-dimensional singularities that are easy to resolve explicitly. A toric variety is defined by a fan, a collection of cones in a lattice. The singularities can be resolved by subdividing each cone into a union of cones each of which is generated by a basis for the lattice, and taking the corresponding toric variety.

</doc>
<doc id="9914121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914121" title="John Grant (British diplomat)">
John Grant (British diplomat)

Sir John Douglas Kelso Grant (born 17 October 1954) is a retired British diplomat whose last diplomatic post was Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the European Union.
He has been Executive Vice-President, Policy and Corporate Affairs, BG Group plc, since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9914167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914167" title="Alehorn of Power">
Alehorn of Power

Alehorn of Power is an independently organized heavy metal music festival held annually in Chicago, Illinois since 2006.
History.
The festival is organized by Greg Spalding, who is the drummer of Bible of the Devil and who worked for the Tone Deaf Touring booking agency.
Lineups.
2012.
Held on July 14 at Reggie's Rock Club in Chicago.
2011.
Held on June 11 at Double Door in Chicago.
2009.
Held on August 5 at Cobra Lounge in Chicago.
2008.
Held on August 9 at Double Door in Chicago.
2007.
Held on June 16 at Double Door in Chicago.
2006.
Held on June 10 at Double Door in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="9914178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914178" title="Storstrømmen">
Storstrømmen

Storstrømmen (lit. "The Great Stream") is a strait in Denmark separating the island Falster from the island Zealand. Its maximum depth is approximately 36 metres and the length is around 10 km. Smålandsfarvandet sound is situated to the west and Grønsund lies to the east. Storstrøm Bridge crosses Storstrømmen between the islands of Falster and Masnedø. The southernmost of the Farø Bridges crosses Storstrømmen between Falster and Farø.

</doc>
<doc id="9914179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914179" title="The Earthlings">
The Earthlings

The Earthlings is a musical collaboration between British-born Marucs Hill & Paul Burgess performing an unusual blend of acoustic music incorporating humour and character based lyrics.
Early years.
Both Hill & Burgess attended Bishop Luffa secondary school in Chichester and when they met in the late 80's it was clear they shared a similar sense of humour. It was in 1990 that Nuclear Freakout was formed along with fellow school friend Robert Thurston. Thurston left the following year and it was Hill & Burgess along with other school friends that continued under the Freakout banner.
Much of Freakout's music was based on recorded improvisations between Hill & Burgess but also included recordings of various line-ups of school friends.
They released a tape of demos in 1991 & two albums. 'Rub me up the wrong way' in 1995 which drew from material recorded between 1990–94 and the follow-up 'Rub me up the right way' in 1996. Plans for a third album never materialised.
Earthlings Calling Earthlings.
As their teenage years drew to a close, Hill & Burgess decided to develop their ideas into a more refined music. They spent 1997 recording which resulted in the 'Earthlings Calling Earthlings' album and the subsequent drop of the Nuclear Freakout name. The album was released in March 1998 and even achieved a small amount of air play on BBC national radio. The album showcased the unique writing style which incorporated lyrics about bizarre characters which Hill & Burgess would act out in the songs. The music was catchy and melodic, although quite odd and unique.
Sessions.
The Earthlings music is dominantly improvised. Hill & Burgess compose the vast majority of their music in what they refer to as their 'sessions'. This involves setting up in a recording environment and improvising ideas. Burgess provides the Guitar backing and usually the chorus while Hill dominates the lyrics and verses. The results are recorded and sometimes ideas are developed further at a later time. To date, Hill & Burgess have a huge archive of the session recordings dating from the early 90's to 2009.
Keeping My Eye On You.
Work began on the follow-up to 'Earthlings Calling Earthling' in late 2002. Whereas the previous album was dominantly acoustic, this time they opted for the standard drums, bass, guitar sound using drummer James Aslett. Burgess also brought in the Brighton based fiddler Tim Cotterell for fiddle duties on a number of tracks. The album was finally mixed and released in December 2006.
Future plans.
The Earthlings announced recently that work had commenced on their third album. In July 2010 'Earthlings Calling Earthlings' was remastered for release on to popular download stores such as iTunes and Amazon.

</doc>
<doc id="9914183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914183" title="Breakdance Crew">
Breakdance Crew

Breakdance Crew is the official name given to the periodic merger of several dance crews and musicians around Okaloosa County, Florida, starting in spring of 2002. Contributions primarily came from the GT Breakers, the EPJ Crew, and RNA (of Triple Helix Records).
Members.
GT Breakers.
breakdancing, music lyrics and vocals
History.
In winter of 1972, several college and high school friends began practicing breakdancing at Okaloosa-Walton College, some beginners and some veterans. At that point some of the veterans began teaching the beginners how to dance several times a week while battling on weekends. After several of these individuals relocated in the summer, the remaining ones began collaborating on music, both comedic and serious performances, and creating a promotional Web presence.
By spring, RNA released his album "Thinking...", which included songs that would eventually be rereleased in "Breakdance Crew vol.1". Such songs include "Your Crew", "All For You", and "My Dreams". "Your Crew" was produced as a music video by Silver Sands Studios soon after release. In August 2002, Clinching Productions, a small film production company, premiered its comedy film "Two Hitmen" which included two songs by Breakdance Crew members: "Airborne" and "Escape". The full "Breakdance Crew vol.1" album was released the December to coincide with the Christmas season.
In 2003, RNA released "Beats & Envy", and Brutal produced the single "Dreamscape", which along with the previously released song "Overdrive", made its debut on a 5.1 surround sound preview album on DVD-Audio. Later in 2003, college graduation and military commission caused the contributors of Breakdance Crew to part their own ways on good terms. Periodic reunions still take place, and individual members create music to be compiled on the official website, preparing for the announced release of "Breakdance Crew vol.2".
Summer of 2006 marked the debut of member accounts at the official website, allowing dancers and musicians worldwide to share their interests with others in an online community. As of February 2007, there were over 1000 member accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="9914205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914205" title="Toberman House">
Toberman House

Toberman Settlement House is a non-profit neighborhood center providing services to low-income residents of Los Angeles. Its efforts are aimed at helping individuals and families move from poverty to self-sufficiency. Founded in 1903 in the name of two-term Mayor James R. Toberman, Toberman house is the oldest charity in the city of Los Angeles, and the oldest United Methodist mission project in the Western U.S. It was originally located in Echo Park, but moved to Boyle Heights in 1917, then San Pedro in 1937. Toberman House offers a wide range of social services, ranging from state-licensed K through 5 childcare, and afterschool care, to a senior's club.

</doc>
<doc id="9914234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914234" title="Snow Angels (film)">
Snow Angels (film)

Snow Angels is a 2007 drama film starring Sam Rockwell and Kate Beckinsale. It was directed by David Gordon Green, who also wrote the screenplay adapted from Stewart O'Nan's 1994 novel of the same title. The film premiered in the dramatic competition at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It is a character driven film centered around several characters dealing with loss of innocence in a small town. "Snow Angels" was released on 7 March 2008.
Plot.
On a cold afternoon, with snow on the ground, a high school band is practicing for the last football game, when they hear gunshots. The film abruptly flashes back to a few weeks before, to a Chinese restaurant where a high school boy named Arthur (Michael Angarano) buses tables, and his ex-babysitter, Annie (Kate Beckinsale), and her best friend, Barb (Amy Sedaris), are waitresses. Arthur, who's a bit of a misfit, has a troubled home life caused by his constantly clashing parents, both of whom often forget about him. Annie's life isn't faring much better: she's now a single mother with an ill mother, separated from her husband, Glenn (Sam Rockwell), who's on the wagon and becoming a born-again Christian in order to prove that he is responsible enough to spend time with their young daughter, Tara. Depressed and lonely, Annie is having an affair with Barb's husband, Nate (Nicky Katt), which eventually serves to only make her unhappier, as she feels great guilt over betraying her best friend. Desperate to prove himself and still harboring feelings for his estranged wife (whom he suspects is seeing someone), Glenn gets a new job and spends as much time as possible with Tara. Meanwhile, Arthur finds himself growing close to Lila (Olivia Thirlby), a new student at the high school who has a knack for photography. 
The film focuses heavily on how people's lives can cross in a small town, especially when Tara wanders out of the house and goes missing while Annie, having just lost her best friend over the affair, is sleeping. The whole town spends hours desperately searching for Tara, before Arthur finds her body while smoking pot with his friend. To Annie's horror, Tara fell into the lake while playing and drowned when the water froze over. This turn of events leads to Glenn having a complete breakdown, which results in his murder of Annie and subsequent suicide.
Reception.
Critical Response.
The film received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it currently holds a "fresh" rating of 67%, based on 109 reviews by film critics. Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 67 out of 100, based on 28 reviews.
Steven Rea of the Philadelphia Inquirer called the film "a compelling, and grim, portrait of small-town lives gone wrong", "disturbingly good", while also writing, "the film's characters get inside your skin, your soul. It's enough to make you want to cry." Richard Corliss of Time wrote, "The film's success is due in large part to actors who are both faithful to all the social minutiae and seductive enough to keep you watching." He also praised director David Gordon Green for his gift, "to show how people learn codes of affection and aggression from watching movies, but when they try to pull them off in crucial situations they come out awkward, embarrassed and futile."
The film appeared on some critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2008. Marc Mohan of "The Oregonian" named it the 4th best film of 2008, and Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" named it the 8th best film of 2008.
Among the critics who gave the film a negative review was Kyle Smith of the New York Post, who gave the film 2.5 out of 4 stars, calling the film, "funny, beautifully written, nicely observed, sweetly familiar. For the first half", and felt, "the film's change of key in the second half feels like a betrayal."
Box Office Performance.
The film opened in limited release in the United States on March 7, 2008 and grossed $14,247 in two theaters its opening weekend.
DVD release.
Warner Home Video released "Snow Angels" on DVD on September 16, 2008 on a single disc in widescreen and full screen versions.

</doc>
<doc id="9914243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914243" title="Marc Cocozza">
Marc Cocozza

Marc Cocozza (born 8 January 1981 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer.
Career.
Cocozza began his career with Celtic but failed to make a senior appearance for the "Bhoys", leaving in November 2001 to sign for Dundee United. Cocozza made his debut in a televised match against Celtic but made only one further substitute appearance and failed to earn an extension to his short-term deal. After being released in April 2002, Cocozza moved to Forfar Athletic at the start of the 2002-03 season, although had to wait until February 2003 to make his debut. After playing in three matches, Cocozza was released by the end of the season and he left the professional game, signing for Johnstone Burgh. The following year, Cocozza moved to Maryhill, where he stayed until summer 2005. 
Cocozza now works as an operations manager in Glasgow.
International career.
Although Cocozza never made a senior appearance during his time with Celtic, he did represent his country at several age levels, playing for Scotland at under-16, under-17 and under-19 level.

</doc>
<doc id="9914254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914254" title="William Grimston, 1st Viscount Grimston">
William Grimston, 1st Viscount Grimston

William Grimston, 1st Viscount Grimston (31 December 1684 – 15 October 1756) was a British peer and Member of Parliament.
Born William Luckyn, Grimston was the younger son of Sir William Luckyn, 3rd Baronet, and Mary Sherrington. In 1700 he succeeded to the estates of his great-uncle Sir Samuel Grimston, 3rd Baronet, of Bradfield, and assumed the surname of Grimston in lieu of Luckyn. He was elected to the House of Commons for St Albans in 1710, a seat he held until 1722 and again from 1727 to 1734. In 1719 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Dunboyne and Viscount Grimston. As these were Irish peerages they did not prohibit Grimston from sitting in the British House of Commons. In 1738 he also succeeded his elder brother as fifth Baronet.
Lord Grimston married Jean Cooke, daughter of James Cooke, in 1706. He died in October 1756, aged 72, and was succeeded in his titles by his son James. Lady Grimston died in 1765.

</doc>
<doc id="9914260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914260" title="Frostbite (game engine)">
Frostbite (game engine)

Frostbite is a game engine developed by EA Digital Illusions CE, the creators of the "Battlefield" series. The engine currently is designed for use on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One platforms and is adapted for a range of video game genres. The engine was first used by DICE to create first-person shooters, but it has been expanded to include various other genres such as racing and real-time strategy and is employed by a number of EA studios. Thus far, the engine is exclusive to Electronic Arts with all titles being published by EA.
DICE used the first generation of the engine for their in-house games ', "Battlefield 1943", and '. The Frostbite engine launched with the release of '; subsequent titles employed an updated version referred to as Frostbite 1.5. Frostbite 1.5 was also used for the multiplayer component of "Medal of Honor" which DICE developed. (The single-player was developed by another EA studio with the Unreal Engine 3.) The next generation of the engine, Frostbite 2, debuted with the release of "Battlefield 3". The creation of Frostbite 2 started the first usage of the Frostbite engine by other EA studios other than DICE. Some notable Frostbite 2 powered games include ', ', and '. The newest version, Frostbite 3, came out with "Battlefield 4".
Versions.
Frostbite 1.0.
Frostbite debuted in 2008 with "Battlefield: Bad Company". It features HDR Audio, which adjusts different types of sounds' loudness and lets players hear important sounds clearly even if there are other noises being generated (for example, gunshot sounds are always louder than in-game music; the in-game music will lower in volume while shots are being fired), and Destruction 1.0, which allows the player to destroy certain objects, like walls.
Frostbite 1.5.
The second version of Frostbite debuted with "Battlefield 1943" in 2009. It improved on the in-game destruction capabilities with Destruction 2.0, allowing the player to destroy entire buildings instead of just walls. In 2010, DICE released "Battlefield: Bad Company 2" using this version of the engine, which was the first game to bring Frostbite Engine to the Windows platform. The Windows version of the game has minor DirectX 11 shader support; consequently, it does not take full advantage of the entire API. The multiplayer component of "Medal of Honor" also uses this version of the engine, though with limited in-game destruction capabilities.
Frostbite 2.
The first major upgrade to Frostbite debuted in 2011 with "Battlefield 3". It takes full advantage of the DirectX 11 API and 64-bit processors, with no support for DirectX 9 (nor, therefore, Windows XP). It also features enhanced in-game destruction with Destruction 3.0, creating more refined physics than its predecessor and quasi-realtime radiosity using Geomerics' Enlighten technology. Additionally an important distinction on its naming is that "Frostbite 2" is not called "Frostbite 2.0".
DICE has given several presentations on advances in their rendering technology with primary focus on the aspects of Animation, Destruction, Scale, Rendering, and Audio:
Frostbite 3.
Frostbite 3 is the next generation version of Frostbite and has been used in "Battlefield 4" (released October 29, 2013), ' (released November 19, 2013), ' (released February 25, 2014) and the upcoming games ' (set to release the Q2/Q3 of 2015) and the prequel to "Mirror's Edge". The game engine has several upgrades including improved tessellation technology. It also features Destruction 4.0, which enhances the in-game destruction over its predecessors. Frostbite 3 will also power ' and the next "Mass Effect". It was announced that DICE would be including support for the Mantle API in Frostbite 3, with "Battlefield 4" being the first game to implement the low-level toolset through a patch in December 2013.
Development.
Frostbite 1.5 games are built using a complicated chain of compilers, version control and distributed caches, making it very difficult to install to a new environment: it took a week for one DICE employee to set the system up outside the company's offices. Frostbite 2 is said to greatly improve this "flaky" pipeline, and DICE has not ruled out the feasibility of releasing mod tools for it.

</doc>
<doc id="9914267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914267" title="Nabakumar Institution">
Nabakumar Institution

Nabakumar Institution was established in 1916 by a zaminder called Nabakumar in Bakhsi Bazar of old Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was operated as a school though it was named an institute. In 1973 it opened a college branch. 
Students of Nabakumar Institute played a great role in the National Democratic and Educational movements. Matiur Rahman Mallik, a student of standard X of Nabakumar Institution, was gunned down during a street march demanding autonomy for the then East Pakistan by the police of the government of Pakistan on 24 January in 1969 . The day is seen as Mass Upsurge Day by the Bangladeshi as it eventually led to the freedom the people. In remembrance of this great soul Matiur Rahman Monument was constructed in its premises. Matiur Rahman Memorial Library and Matiur Rahman Memorial Museum was established by the managing committee of Nabakumar Institution.
Dr. Muhammad Shahidullah was a teacher of the Government Bangla College now situated at Mirpur, when it used to hold its classes of the night shift in its formative years in the premises of the Nabakumar Institute. When the college section of the Nabakumar Institute was separated to form an independent college, the managing committee of the institute named it after Dr. Shahidullah. At present Nabakumar Institute and Dr. Shahidullah College operate in the same campus and are run under the same administration. Both institute combined provides the students an opportunity to complete schooling from the nursery level to graduation. Recently, Nabakumar Institution has started a well renowned cultural service of Bangladesh called Bulbul Lalitakola Academy. In addition, It will soon celebrate the 100th birthday after 3 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9914271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914271" title="Marcela Serrano">
Marcela Serrano

Marcela Serrano (born 1951) is an award-winning Chilean novelist. In 1994, her first novel won the Literary Prize in Santiago, and her second book won the Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize for women writers in Spanish. She received the runner-up award in the valuable Premio Planeta competition in 2001 with her novel "Lo que está en mi corazón".
Carlos Fuentes has quoted her description of the modern woman as "having the capacity to change skin like a snake, freeing herself from the inevitability and servitude of more obsolete times".

</doc>
<doc id="9914294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914294" title="Llanfair Waterdine">
Llanfair Waterdine

Llanfair Waterdine, sometimes written as Llanvair Waterdine and meaning St Mary's Church Waterdine, is a small village and civil parish in Shropshire, England, on the north side of the Teme valley and adjacent to the Wales-England border.
Place name.
"Llanfair" is a typical Welsh place name - in English it translates as "church(yard) of St Mary". "Waterdine", which means "place by the water" was added to the name to distinguish the village from other places called "Llanfair" (which is a very common place name in Wales). The place name in the Welsh language is "Llanfair Dyffryn Tefeidiad" (the 2nd and 3rd words mean "Teme Valley").
Location.
Llanfair Waterdine is just off the B4355 road, 6 km or 4 miles northwest of Knighton and near the village of Knucklas, which has a railway station. The village lies 7 km or 4.5 miles southwest of the small Shropshire town of Clun. Also nearby is the small village of Lloyney (just on the other side of the Teme, in Wales). The village and parish is situated on the southern edge of the Clun Forest, a remote and very rural part of Shropshire, which is only partly forested.
The village was historically in Wales, as it lies to the west of Offa's Dyke. The River Teme has naturally altered its course since the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542 ("Act of Union"); and so the border between Wales and England in the Teme valley no longer follows the centre of the river as it once did, but stays on what was the course of the river when the border was fixed by the Acts.
Walking.
The village lies near three long distance footpaths:

</doc>
<doc id="9914297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914297" title="The Girl Who Came to Supper">
The Girl Who Came to Supper

The Girl Who Came to Supper is a musical with a book by Harry Kurnitz and music and lyrics by Noël Coward.
Based on Terence Rattigan's 1953 play "The Sleeping Prince", it is set in 1911 London at the time of George V's coronation. American-born chorus girl Mary Morgan becomes involved with not only Balkan archduke Charles, the Prince Regent of Carpathia, after he sees a performance of her West End musical "The Coconut Girl", but his teenaged son Nicholas and the Queen Mother, as well. A peripheral character, fish-and-chips peddler Ada Cockle, appears to be present solely to entertain the audience with a rousing fifteen-minute rendition of traditional Cockney tunes.
Background.
Rattigan's play had been staged in London with Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh, on Broadway with Michael Redgrave and Barbara Bel Geddes, and filmed as "The Prince and the Showgirl" with Olivier and Marilyn Monroe, so its story was a fairly familiar one. The musical opened to rave reviews in Boston but was received less favorably by the critics in Toronto. During its Philadelphia run, President Kennedy was assassinated, necessitating the replacement of the opening number, "Long Live the King (If He Can)". Theatregoers were still in a somber mood when the show moved to New York City.
After four previews, the Broadway production, directed and choreographed by Joe Layton, opened on December 8, 1963 at The Broadway Theatre, where it ran for 112 performances. The cast included Florence Henderson as Mary, José Ferrer as Charles, Irene Browne as the Queen Mother, Sean Scully as Nicholas, Tessie O'Shea as Ada Cockle, and Roderick Cook as Peter Northbrook. 
Henderson and O'Shea were singled out for praise by the critics - the former for her one-woman delivery of an abridged version of "The Coconut Girl", the latter for her extended song-and-dance routine - but the review by the highly influential critic Walter Kerr was mostly negative. He and others felt the show was an unsuccessful attempt to duplicate the success of the earlier "My Fair Lady".
O'Shea won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. Nominations went to Coward and Kurnitz for Best Author of a Musical and Irene Sharaff for Best Costume Design.
The show proved to be the last with a Coward score and the only one of his musicals never produced in London.
An original cast recording is available on the Sony label.
References.
"Not Since Carrie: Forty Years of Broadway Musical Flops" by Ken Mandelbaum, published by St. Martin's Press (1991), pages 120-23 (ISBN 0-312-06428-4)

</doc>
<doc id="9914307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914307" title="Highland Light">
Highland Light

The Highland Light (previously known as Cape Cod Light) is an active lighthouse on the Cape Cod National Seashore in North Truro, Massachusetts. It is the oldest and tallest lighthouse on Cape Cod. The grounds are open year-round, while the light is open to the public from May until late October, with guided tours available. It is owned by the National Park Service, and cared for by the Highland Museum and Lighthouse, Inc., while the United States Coast Guard operates the light itself. The United States Navy ship was named after the light. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Highland Light Station.
History.
In 1797, a station authorized by George Washington was established at this point on the Cape, with a wood lighthouse to warn ships about the dangerous coastline between Cape Ann and Nantucket. It was the first light on Cape Cod. In 1833, the wood structure was replaced by brick and in 1840 a new lantern and lighting apparatus was installed. In 1857 the lighthouse was declared dangerous and demolished, and the current brick tower was constructed, with a first order Fresnel lens from Paris. Along with the lighthouse, there was a keeper's building and a generator shed, both of which can still be seen today.
In 1932 the lamp was upgraded to a 1000-watt beacon. The Fresnel lens system was replaced by a Carlisle & Finch DCB-224, with a second unit as backup. Unfortunately, the Fresnel lens was largely destroyed when it was removed in 1998, but fragments are on display in the museum on site. Finally, in 1998, a VRB-25 optical system was installed.
The present location of the lighthouse is not the original site. It was in danger of falling down the cliff due to beach erosion, so the structure was moved to the west. The move was accomplished by International Chimney Corp. of Buffalo, New York and Expert House Movers of Maryland over a period of 18 days in July, 1996. It is now on the grounds of the Highland Golf Course. After an errant golf ball broke a window, they were replaced with unbreakable material.

</doc>
<doc id="9914308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914308" title="Patrick Krief">
Patrick Krief

Patrick Krief is a Canadian musician and singer-songwriter. Krief is known as the guitarist for The Dears since 2004.
In 2004 he appeared on MTV Canada's "Project Moose Catch". He was a guest on "Jonathan Ross's" show in 2005. In 2006, he made appearances on the "Late Show with David Letterman", "Last Call with Carson Daly", and "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". 
In August 2007, Krief released his debut solo EP "Take It Or Leave", which was co-mixed by former Dears bandmate Murray Lightburn. He toured internationally, including in Mexico, to promote the EP and his new solo career under the name of "Krief". In 2009 Krief released "Calm Awaits" with his band Black Diamond Bay. In addition to being a musician, Krief is also a producer, he has self produced all his albums and has worked as a session musician on albums for bands such as New Wave Blues; The Wandas' third LP released in January 2009.
Krief currently resides in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="9914312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914312" title="List of Polish gminas">
List of Polish gminas

This is a list of all 2,478 gminas of Poland (sometimes called communes or municipalities). For more information about what these are and how they are named, see the article on gminas. Note that some gminas in different parts of the country have identical names.
The following information is provided for each gmina in the list:
Click on the letters below to view different portions of the list.

</doc>
<doc id="9914318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914318" title="Johnny De Fazio">
Johnny De Fazio

Johnny De Fazio, known to fans as Jumping Johnny De Fazio, is a former professional wrestler from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was a fan favorite and was popular in the 1960s and 1970s. He wrestled for the old Studio Wrestling program on WIIC-TV in Pittsburgh, hosted by Bill Cardille. He was a four-time winner of the World Wide Wrestling Federation's Junior Heavyweight Championship. He also is active in the United Steelworkers of America (he is the union's director in Pennsylvania) and currently is an Allegheny County councilman.

</doc>
<doc id="9914334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914334" title="Community-based clinical trial">
Community-based clinical trial

Community-based clinical trials are clinical trials conducted directly through doctors and clinics rather than academic research facilities. They are designed to be administered through primary care physicians, community health centers and local outpatient facilities. In 1986, the Community Consortium held the first such trials in the United States to determine the efficiacy of preventative treatments after the onset of Pneumocystis pneumonia. The trials give patients access to new medications and keep doctors involved with new developments in research. However, critics state that drug company payments to doctors for patients enrolled in such studies present a conflict of interest and potential for abuse. Community-based trials are becoming prevalent in human-testing stage pharmaceutical research.

</doc>
<doc id="9914365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914365" title="2007 World Snooker Championship">
2007 World Snooker Championship

The 2007 888.com World Snooker Championship was a professional ranking snooker tournament. The event began on 21 April and ran until 7 May 2007 (with the final continuing into the early hours of 8 May) at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England.
Graeme Dott was the defending champion, but lost in the first round 7–10 to Ian McCulloch and became another World Champion, who fell to the Crucible curse and could not defend his first World title.
John Higgins won his second World title by defeating qualifier Mark Selby 18–13 in the final.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Main draw.
Shown below are the results for each round. The numbers in parentheses beside some of the players are their seeding ranks (each championship has 16 seeds and 16 qualifiers). The first round draw was done by presenters Bill Turnbull and Sian Williams of BBC Breakfast on 19 March and it was announced on Breakfast at 7.30 am BST the next day.
Preliminary qualifying.
The preliminary qualifying rounds for the tournament took place in Pontin's Prestatyn, Wales.
Qualifying.
Qualifying for the 2007 World Snooker Championship, was held between 23 February to 2 March 2007 at Pontin's, Prestatyn, Wales. The final qualifying round took place at the English Institute of Sport in Sheffield between the 12–15 March 2007.
Century breaks.
Televised stage centuries.
There were 68 centuries scored in the televised stage of the 2007 championship, which was joint equal highest in the history of the tournament (with the tournament held in 2002) until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9914369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914369" title="Sunnegga Paradise ski area">
Sunnegga Paradise ski area

The Sunnegga Paradise is a ski area that forms part of the Zermatt ski resort, in Valais, Switzerland.
The area relating to skiing is found on the Rothorn mountain, above the town of Zermatt. The trails extend to the valley floor between the Rothorn and Gornergrat mountains, and includes the ski runs directly down to the Oberhausern area of the town of Zermatt, terminating at the passenger lift that takes skier directly down inside the funicular train station in the area.
The Sunnegga area catches a large amount of sun due to its unique topography, often despite the rest of Zermatt being submerged in cloud.
Restaurants.
There are several restaurants in the Findeln area, including Chez Vrony, Findlerhof, Enzian and Paradise.
Lift system.
Access from the resort to the Sunnegga area is via the SunneggaExpress funicular railway, built in 1980. From here there is a new "Combi" lift (a combination of 6-seat chairlifts and 8-seat gondola lifts, built in 2005) that takes skiers up to the Blauherd interchange. From here there is a 150-person cable car (built in 1996) up to the Rothorn, and an old 4-seater gondola (built in 1971) down to Gant on the valley floor, from which a connecting cable car carries passengers up to the Gornergrat ski area. At the Rothorn area there is the Kumme 3-seat chairlift that serves a series of runs to the side of the Rothorn.
Skiing down below the Sunnegga area is covered by the Patrullarve 4-seat lift (built in 1989), which transports skiers directly up to Blauherd. Accessing the Gornergrat area is the Sunnegga-Findeln-Breitboden 4-seat chairlift (built in 2007 to replace a 2-seat chairlift built in 1956).
Skiing.
The main novice arterial of the Sunnegga area, the "Standard", starts at Blauherd, and continues down to Sunnegga. There is a narrow, often busy, novice run down to Findeln, "Easy run", which mainly serves the purpose of serving the area's famous restaurants and terminates at the 4-seat Findeln chairlift. Below this is a beginners area, the "Eisfluh". The other main novice run, the "Kumme", can be found outside the Rothorn top station, that takes skiers down to the Kumme 3-seat chairlift.
Advanced runs are best found by Fluhalp, which links the Rothorn to the Gornergrat via the Gant Hothalli cable car, and the Tuftern which takes the skier from Blauherd down to Patrullarve. Zermatt does not have many listed expert runs, as such tend to be graded as itineraries. The Rothorn area has several expert runs, but have been poorly used in the last few years due to inadequate snowfall and the area's propensity to catch large amounts of sunshine.
There are only two expert runs in the area, the longest of which, the "Obere National", runs from Blauherd down to Patrullarve. There are off-piste sections off to the left of this run that can prove enjoyable when snow cover is good. The second expert run, the "Downhill", is found by taking a left turn at the top of the Rothorn, from which you can find a blue, red and black. This run is actually quite timid - being a simple straight run, and all of these runs suffer badly if snowfall is not plentiful.

</doc>
<doc id="9914376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914376" title="Charlotte Mendelson">
Charlotte Mendelson

Charlotte Mendelson (born 1972) is a British novelist and editor.
She was placed 60th on the Independent on Sunday "Pink List 2007".

</doc>
<doc id="9914410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914410" title="Redwood Grove">
Redwood Grove

The Redwood Grove of Henry Cowell Redwoods State Park, which is located in Santa Cruz County in Northern California, is a grove of Coast Redwoods with member trees extending into the 1400 to 1800-year-old range. This grove is notable because it allows for the use of self-guided tours of the flat, loop trail which is easily accessible (within of a vehicle parking lot). Dozens of large, old Redwood trees are located within a few feet of the walking trail.
Natural history.
Coast Redwoods, ("Sequoia sempervirens"), are a native tree in the deep valleys and low to middle elevations (up to 750 m) of the Santa Cruz Mountains. Their growth and longevity is enhanced by the proximity to the ocean with its massive amounts of precipitation, the cool air which encourages fog, and the dimmer sunlight near the moisture-rich trunk-base region. Free-flowing, year-round stream help to enhance this environment and the cool moisture-laden air often produces visible fog, which helps to replenish the trees. The bark of these giants is heavily-laden with tannin which helps to offer protection from damage by either fires or insects.
This grove has some of the tallest and oldest trees in the Henry Cowell Redwoods State Park, because the environment has been preserved to maintain a natural ecology. Undergrowth is never cleared, there is no logging allowed and deadfalls and lightning-struck trees are allowed to proceed naturally with their processes, unless they impair access to the grove. This rich, biotic environment is filled with natural nutrients which make up for the massive amounts of waterfall which might otherwise deplete the soil. Old growth groves such as this will show the birth (shoots and burls) and death (rotting trees and "fairy rings") of ancient redwoods, many of whose birth was before the Battle of Hastings in 1066.
Of course, all the native flora and fauna which have existed in these mountains for centuries are allowed to remain—even to the extent of the highly-irritating poison oak plants.
Early history.
This part of the California coastline was once a tribal area for the Awaswas (Santa Cruz) division of Ohlone Indian people. In 1769, Gaspar de Portolà camped on the banks of the San Lorenzo River and erected a wooden cross to mark the location as part of his exploration for Spain. This exploration offered the peoples of this richly, resourced area, known as Alta California, to be brought under Catholicism by the Friars Minor. Little more than twenty years later, in 1791, a Catholic mission, Mission Santa Cruz was consecrated nearby. This mission, served as a site for ecclesiastical conversion of natives. From 1805-1812, the mission was run by Father Andrés Quintana who was one of only two Spanish missionaries martyred in Alta California.
After the Mexican War of Independence in 1821, the newly independent Mexico assumed control of this area until the transfer to the United States in 1846. During Mexican ownership, it was common for land grants to be sold to those who were in favor with the government. Large portions of this virgin-forested area were given out as Rancho Carbonera, Rancho Zayante and Rancho Cañada del Rincon en el Rio San Lorenzo. These "gifted" land grants were the start of European settlement in the area that is now known as Henry Cowell Redwoods State Park. In 1843, the Mexican Government granted a parcel of under the name of Rancho Cañada del Rincon en el Rio San Lorenzo de Santa Cruz to a French immigrant named Pedro Sansevain. This grant essentially encompassed what is today known as the Henry Cowell Redwoods State Park.[http://www.parks.ca.gov/default.asp?page_id=915 After a few transfers of land over about twenty years, the granted Rancho Cañada del Rincon ended up in the hands of Henry Cowell.
Hazards.
Poison oak is a native ground-cover in the Santa Cruz Mountains. The plants are most obvious during the part of the year when the leaves change color toward the red spectrum. Most of the years, the plants are only recognized by the shape of their lobed-leaves, making them more hazardous to the unaware.
None of the poison oak plants are removed in this grove in a commitment to preserving the natural aspect of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9914419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914419" title="Benjamin Bastard">
Benjamin Bastard

Benjamin Bastard was a British architect during the first half of the 18th century working in the Dorset area of England. A member of a notable family of west country architect-surveyors and masons, he was related to the Bastard brothers who rebuilt Blandford Forum following its great fire of 1731.
Bastard was responsible for the Palladian Sherborne House, at Sherborne in Dorset built in the 1720s. The accomplished design of this mansion like the works of the Bastard brothers shows late Baroque influences such as those found in the works of Wren and Hawksmoor. In style and design it could be compared to Winslow Hall attributed to Sir Christopher Wren or Chicheley Hall like Winslow Hall also in Buckinghamshire. Sherborne House has a three bayed centre projecting from two symmetrical flanking wings each of two bays. The tall slim windows are typical of the English Baroque period which immediately predated the Palladian period. The Baroque style is further emphasised by the broken segmental pediment and architrave of the main entrance. However the facade, with its central pediment and the balustrade concealing the roof line are devoid of ornament in the Palladian tradition. The only relief from the severity of the facade coming from the quoining at each corner.
In 1743 Bastard was commissioned to design a hospital for the reception of the poor, later known as the Dorchester parish workhouse. This building has been much altered but the original block can still be discerned as Palladian, albeit in a very severe and chaste form as would have been though fitting for such an institution at the time.
There is a wall monument with a pediment to Benjamin and Thomas Bastard, dated 1772, on the external face of the north wall of the parish church of St Mary Magdalene, Castleton, Sherborne in Dorset. The inscription has weathered away. Inside the nave, on the north wall of the north aisle is a monument to Elizabeth Bastard (née Prankerd), wide of Benjamin Bastard, 1732-3, and their son Benjamin. This is a marble wall monument with side-scrolls, pediment, urn and cherub's head.

</doc>
<doc id="9914431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914431" title="Linux gaming">
Linux gaming

Linux gaming refers to playing and developing video games for the Linux operating system, as an expansion of desktop Linux, involving a Linux kernel–based operating system for the typical home computer used for surfing, office applications and "additionally" for gaming.
Market share vs. installed base.
Market share can be estimated based on sales numbers, e. g. during Q2 2013, 79.3% of smartphones "sold" worldwide were running Android.
When discussing free and open-source software, the term "installed base" seems rather popular. It is installation, not embedment or pre-installation, that tailors a product to the owner's personal needs. Unfortunately, installed base, as opposed to market share, proves to be a tricky thing to gauge.
Surveys conducted by software such as Ubuntu Software Center or Steam can only tell about the "installed base" of a particular program or version or hardware, only on the machines on which the digital distribution software is already installed.
Humble Bundle sales for Linux account for 18%.
As of March 2014, Steam reports that less than 1.2% of users are using some form of Linux as their platforms primary operating system. 
Supported hardware.
Linux as gaming platform can also refer to operating systems based on the Linux kernel and specifically designed for the "sole purpose" of gaming. Examples are SteamOS, which is an operating system for Steam Machines and computers, video game consoles built from components found in the classical home computer, (embedded) operating systems like Tizen and Pandora, and handheld game consoles like GP2X, Nintendo 3DS and Neo Geo X. The Nvidia Shield runs Android as an operating system, which is based on a modified Linux kernel.
The Linux kernel has been ported to numerous instruction sets and platforms; where the middleware has not been ported, new middleware was written. Where the most parts were released under the GNU GPL, which is a strong copyleft license, these platforms have remained open for everybody. The achievable performance when running a game on top of the Linux kernel with the available device drivers is the only limit.
The openness of the Linux software platform will always keep the door open for x86 and ARM competitors such as MIPS and others to design and sell a hardware platform, or various peripherals. As an example, Oculus Rift, which is an upcoming virtual reality head-mounted display, supports the Linux gaming platform.
Performance.
When employing current () proprietary Linux drivers from Nvidia respectively AMD, the real-world performance of games running on Linux is mostly comparable with them running on Windows 8.1. It is mostly software engineers and programmers who further compare the performance of these proprietary drivers with the performance of the available free and open-source graphics device drivers.
Intel is known for distributing their graphics drivers only as free and open-source software for all operating systems they support. Compared to the AMD APUs, Intel dedicates much less die-surface to the GPU.
The article free and open-source graphics device driver should mention all existing designers of graphics accelerator SIP, for the existing support for Linux and the achieved performance under Linux please see there.
Software architecture.
An operating system based on the Linux kernel and customized specifically for gaming, could adopt the vanilla Linux kernel with only little changes, or—like the Android (operating system)—be based on a relative extensively modified Linux kernel. It could adopt GNU C Library or Bionic or something like it. The entire middleware or parts of it, could very well be closed-source and proprietary software; the same is true for the video games. There are free and open-source video games available for the Linux operating system, as well as proprietary ones.
Linux kernel.
The subsystems already mainlined and available in the Linux kernel are most probably performant enough so to not impede the gaming experience in any way, however additional software is available, such as e.g. the Brain Fuck Scheduler (a process scheduler) or the Budget Fair Queueing scheduler (an I/O scheduler).
Similar to the way the Linux kernel can be, for example, adapted to run better on supercomputers, there are adaptations targeted at improving the performance of games. A project concerning itself with this issue is called Liquorix.
Available software for video game designers.
Debuggers.
Several game development tools have been available for Linux, including GNU Debugger, LLDB, Valgrind, glslang and others. VOGL, a debugger for OpenGL was released on . See also Game Editor, APITrace and GtkRadiant. AMD CodeXL.
Available interfaces and SDKs.
There are a couple of interfaces and Software Development Kits available for Linux, almost all of them are cross-platform. Most are free and open-source software subject to the terms of the zlib License, making it possible to static link against them from fully closed-source proprietary software. One difficulty due to this abundance of interfaces, is the difficulty for programmers to choose best suitable the audio API for their purpose. The main developer of the PulseAudio project, Lennart Poettering, commented on this issue.
Physics engines, audio libraries, that are available as modules for game engines, have been available for Linux for a long time.
Available middleware.
Beside majority of the software which acts as an interface to various subsystems of the operating system, there is also software which can be simply described as middleware. A multitude of companies exist worldwide, whose main or only product is software that is meant to be licensed and integrated into a game engine. Their primary targets is the video game industry, but the film industry also utilizes such software for special effects. Some very few well known examples are
A significant share of the available middleware already runs natively on Linux, only a very few run exclusively on Linux.
Available IDEs and source code editors.
Numerous source code editors and IDEs are available for Linux, among which Sublime Text, , Qt Creator, Emacs, or Vim.
Microsoft Visual Studio is not available for Linux.
Multi-monitor.
A multi-monitor setup is supported on Linux at least by AMD Eyefinity & AMD Catalyst, Xinerama and RandR on both X11 and Wayland. "" is one example of a game that runs natively on Linux and supports very high resolutions and is validated by AMD to support their Eyefinity. "Civilization V" is another example, it even runs on a "Kaveri" desktop APU in 3x1 portrait mode.
Voice over IP.
The specifications of the Mumble protocol are freely available and there are BSD-licensed implementations for both servers and clients. The positional audio API of Mumble is supported by e.g. .
Wine.
Wine is a compatibility layer that provides binary compatibility and makes it possible to run software, that was written and compiled for Microsoft Windows, on Linux. The Wine project hosts a user-submitted application database (known as Wine AppDB) that lists programs and games along with ratings and reviews which detail how well they run with Wine. Wine AppDB also has a commenting system, which often includes instructions on how to modify a system to run a certain game which cannot run on a normal or default configuration. <br>
Many games are rated as running flawlessly, and there are also many other games that can be run with varying degrees of success. The use of Wine for gaming has proved controversial in the Linux community as some feel it is preventing, or at least hindering, the further growth of native gaming on the platform.
Emulators.
There are numeral Emulators for Linux, a list:
There are also APIs, virtual machines, and machine emulators that provide binary compatibility:
Linux homebrew on consoles.
Linux has been ported to several game consoles, including the Xbox, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, GameCube, and Wii which allows game developers without an expensive game development kit to access console hardware. Several gaming peripherals also work with Linux.
Adoption by game engines.
Distinction between "game engine" and other, related software.
The game engine is the software, i.e. some algorithms, solely responsible for the "game mechanics". Thus there are completely different game engines for First-person shooters, strategy video games, etc.
Besides the game mechanics we also need software to do calculations regarding graphics, audio, video, physics, vegetation, input-handling, you name it. Computer games are considered to be among the most complex software there is!
Software such as CryEngine, that can be licensed, is much more than just a game engine. It is rather a software suite, that includes most of the above mentioned software and more. And when it is licensed by some 3rd party, the code for the "game engine", is probably the one being adjusted the most! CryEngine has more in common with an integrated development environment (IDE) or a software development kit (SDK) than with a mere "game engine"!
Game engines that are used by "current" video games and run on top of Linux include:
Adoption by video games.
There are many free and open-source video games as well as commercially distributed proprietary video games that run natively on Linux. Some independent companies have also begun porting prominent video games from Microsoft Windows to Linux.
Free and open-source games.
Original games.
A few original open source video games have attained notability:
Clones and remakes.
There are a larger number of open source clones and remakes of classic games:
Proprietary games.
Available on Steam.
Valve officially released Steam for Linux on February 14, 2013. Ten days later, there were 120 games available for Linux. Listed below are some of the games available on Steam for Linux:
Independent game developers.
Independent developer 2D Boy released "World of Goo" for Linux. Role-playing video game titles like ', ' and "" were developed cross-platform from the start of development, including a Linux version. "Sillysoft" released Linux versions of their game "Lux" and its various versions.
"Hemisphere Games" has released a Linux version of "Osmos". "Koonsolo" has released a Linux version of "Mystic Mine". "Amanita Design" has released Linux versions of "Machinarium" and "Samorost 2". Irrgheist released a Linux version of their futuristic racing game "H-Craft Championship". "Gamerizon" has released a Linux version of "QuantZ". "InterAction Studios" has several titles mostly in the "Chicken Invaders" series.
"Kristanix Games" has released Linux versions of "Crossword Twist", "Fantastic Farm", "Guess The Phrase!", "Jewel Twist", "Kakuro Epic", "Mahjong Epic", "Maxi Dice", "Solitaire Epic", "Sudoku Epic", "Theseus and the Minotaur". "Anawiki Games" has released a Linux versions of "Path of Magic", "Runes of Avalon", "Runes of Avalon 2", "Soccer Cup Solitaire", "The Perfect Tree" and "Dress-Up Pups". Gaslamp Games released a Linux version of "Dungeons of Dredmor". Broken Rules has released a Linux version of "And Yet It Moves".
Frictional Games released Linux versions of both ' and ', as well as the expansion pack '. They also released ' for Linux simultaneously with the Windows and Mac OS X versions. S2 Games released Linux clients for their titles ', ' and "Heroes of Newerth". Wolfire Games released a Linux version of their game "Lugaru" and they will release its sequel "Overgrowth" for Linux. David Rosen's "Black Shades" was also ported to Linux. "Arctic Paint" has released a Linux version of "Number Drill". "Charlie’s Games" has released a Linux version of "Bullet Candy Perfect", "Irukandji", "Space Phallus" and "Scoregasm".
Illwinter Game Design released "Conquest of Elysium II", ', ', and "" for Linux. Introversion Software released "Darwinia", "Uplink", and "DEFCON". Cartesian Theatre is a Vancouver, Canada, based software house specializing in free, commercial, games for GNU/Linux. They have one title currently under active development, Avaneya. Kot-in-Action Creative Artel released their "Steel Storm" games for Linux. Hazardous Software have released their game "Achron" for Linux.
Unigine Corp developed "Oil Rush" using its Unigine engine technology that works on Linux. Unigine Corp was also developing a "shooter-type game" that would have been released for Linux, currently the development on this game is frozen until "OilRush" is released. The MMORPG game "Syndicates of Arkon" is also supposed to be coming to Linux. The game "" is also being developed with Unigine and is planned to have a Linux client.
A number of visual novel developers support Linux. Winter Wolves has released titles such as "Spirited Heart", "Heileen", "The Flower Shop", "Bionic Heart", "Card Sweethearts", "Vera Blanc", "Planet Stronghold", and "Loren The Amazon Princess" for Linux. Hanako Games has released "Science Girls", "Summer Session", "Date Warp", "Cute Knight Kingdom", and are considering porting "Fatal Hearts" to Linux. sakevisual has brought "Jisei", "Kansei", "Yousei", ' and "Ripples" to Linux. Four Leaf Studios has also released "Katawa Shoujo" for Linux and Christine Love released ', both of which, along with "Summer Session" mentioned previously, are powered by the free software "Ren'Py" tool. In March 2012 Marcel Weyers released the horror visual novel "Sleepless Night".
The Java-based sandbox game Minecraft by Indie developer Mojang is available on Linux, as is Dwarf Fortress and any other video game compiled for the Java virtual machine.
The voxel-based space sandbox game, ScrumbleShip by Indie developer Dirkson is currently under development for Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.
The realistic replay baseball simulation Out of the Park Baseball by OOTP Developments is currently available for Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows, for single player and multiplayer online leagues.
Grappling Hook, a first-shooter like puzzle game.
Game porters.
Independent companies have also taken on the task of porting prominent Windows games to Linux. Loki Software was the first such company, and between 1998 and 2002 ported "", "Descent³", "Eric's Ultimate Solitaire", "Heavy Gear II",
', "Heretic II", "Heroes of Might and Magic III", ', "", "Postal", "Railroad Tycoon II", "Quake III Arena", "Rune", "Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri", "Sim City 3000", "Soldier of Fortune", "Tribes 2", and "MindRover" to Linux.
Tribsoft created a Linux version of "Jagged Alliance 2" by Sir-Tech Canada before shutting down in 2002. Linux Game Publishing was founded in 2001 in response to the impending demise of Loki, and has brought "Creatures: Internet Edition", "Candy Cruncher", ', "NingPo MahJong", "Hyperspace Delivery Boy!", "Software Tycoon", "Postal²: Share The Pain", "Soul Ride", ', "Gorky 17", "Cold War", ', "Ballistics", ', "Jets'n'Guns", "Sacred: Gold", "Shadowgrounds", and "Shadowgrounds Survivor" to Linux. Some of these games were ported for them by Ryan C. Gordon.
LGP-associated but freelance consultant Frank C. Earl is porting the game "Caster" to Linux and has released the first episode and also developed the Linux version of "Cortex Command" being included in the second Humble Indie Bundle. He is also working towards other porting projects such as the entire "Myth" series. He is largely taking recommendations and he comments as part of the "Phoronix" community. icculus.org has ported beta releases for "" and "Devastation", versions of "America's Army", and the titles "Prey", "Aquaria", "Braid", "Hammerfight" and "Cogs".
The German publisher RuneSoft was founded in 2000. They ported the games "Northland",
', "Airline Tycoon Deluxe", "Ankh", ', "Barkanoid 2", and "Jack Keane" to Linux, as well as porting ' and "Software Tycoon", for Linux Game Publishing. Hyperion Entertainment ported games to several systems, they have ported ' and "SiN" to Linux, as well as porting "Gorky 17" for Linux Game Publishing. Wyrmkeep Entertainment has brought the games "The Labyrinth of Time" and "" to Linux. Alternative Games brought "Trine" and "Shadowgrounds", and "Shadowgrounds Survivor" for Linux Game Publishing
Having ported games to Mac OS X since 1996, video game publisher Feral Interactive released , its first game for Linux, in June 2014.
Other developers.
Some id Software employees ported the "Doom" series, the "Quake" series, "Return to Castle Wolfenstein"," " and '. Some games published by GarageGames which have Linux versions include "Bridge Builder", "Marble Blast Gold", "Gish", "ThinkTanks", "Tribal Trouble", and '.
MP Entertainment released "Hopkins FBI" and "Crack dot com" released" Abuse" for Linux, becoming one of the first developers to release a native port. "Inner Worlds", another early commercial Linux title, was released for and partly developed on Linux. Philos Laboratories released a Linux version of "Theocracy" on the retail disk. Absolutist has supported Linux for a number of years. GLAMUS GmbH released a Linux version of their game "Mobility".
Lava Lord Games released their game "Astro Battle" for Linux. Xatrix Entertainment released a Linux version of "". Bioware released "Neverwinter Nights" for Linux. Croteam released the "Serious Sam" series, with the first game ported by Ryan C. Gordon and with the second self-ported. Ryan C. Gordon also ported Epic Games' shooter games "Unreal Tournament 2003" and "Unreal Tournament 2004".
Revolution System Games released their game through Steam only for Linux for a period of time after Mac or windows release.
On Lars Gustavsson, creative director at DICE, said to polygon.com
Commercial games for non-x86 instruction sets.
Some companies ported games to Linux running on instruction sets other than x86, such as Alpha, PowerPC, Sparc, MIPS or ARM. Loki Entertainment Software ported Civilization: Call to Power, Eric's Ultimate Solitaire, Heroes of Might and Magic III, Myth II: Soulblighter, Railroad Tycoon II Gold Edition and Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri with Alien Crossfire expansion pack to Linux PowerPC.
They also ported Civilization: Call to Power, Eric's Ultimate Solitaire, Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri with Alien Crossfire expansion pack to Linux Alpha and Civilization: Call to Power, Eric's Ultimate Solitaire to Linux Sparc. Linux Game Publishing published Candy Cruncher, Majesty Gold, NingPo MahJong and Soul Ride to Linux PowerPC. They also ported Candy Cruncher, Soul Ride to Linux Sparc and Soul Ride to Linux Alpha.
Source ports.
Several developers have released the source code to many of their legacy titles, allowing them to be run as native applications on many alternative platforms, including Linux. Examples of games which were ported to Linux this way include "Duke Nukem 3D", "Shadow Warrior", "Rise of the Triad", "Ken's Labyrinth", "Seven Kingdoms", "Warzone 2100", "Homeworld", "Call to Power II", "Wolfenstein 3D", "Heretic", "Hexen", "Hexen II", "Aliens versus Predator", "Descent", "Descent II" and "Freespace 2". Several game titles that were previously released for Linux were also able to be expanded or updated because of the availability of game code, including "Doom", "Abuse", "Quake", "Quake II", "Quake III Arena" and "Jagged Alliance 2". Some derivatives based on released source code have also been released for Linux, such as "Aleph One" and "Micropolis" for "" and "SimCity" respectively.
Certain game titles were even able to be ported due to availability of shared engine code even though the game's code itself remains proprietary or otherwise unavailable, such as the video game "Strife" or the multiplayer component of '. Some games have even been ported entirely or partially by reverse engineering and game engine recreation such as "WarCraft II" through "Wargus" or "Commander Keen". Another trick is to attempt hacking the game to work as a mod on another native title, such as with the original "Unreal". Additionally, some games can be run through the use of Linux specific runtime environments, such as the case of certain games made with Adventure Game Studio such as the "Chzo Mythos" or certain titles made with the RPG Maker tool. Games derived from released code, with both free and proprietary media, that are released for Linux include "Urban Terror", "OpenArena", "FreeDoom", "World of Padman", "Nexuiz/Xonotic", "War§ow" and '.
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games.
This is a selected list of MMORPGs that are native on Linux:
History.
Linux gaming started largely as an extension of the already present Unix gaming scene, with both systems sharing many similar titles. These games were either mostly original or clones of arcade games and text adventures. A notable example of this is was the so-called "BSD Games", a collection of interactive fiction titles. The free software and open source methodologies which spawned the development of the operating system in general also spawned the creation of various early free games. Popular early titles included "NetHack, Netrek, XBill, XEvil, xbattle, Xconq" and "XPilot". As the operating system itself grew and expanded, the amount of free and open source games also increased in scale and complexity.
The beginning of Linux as a gaming platform for commercial video games is often credited to have begun in 1994 when Dave D. Taylor ported the game "Doom" in his spare time to Linux as well as many other systems. From there he would also help found the development studio "Crack dot Com", which released the video game" Abuse", with the Linux port being published by Linux vendor Red Hat. id Software, the original developers of "Doom", also continued to release their products for Linux. Their game "Quake" was ported to Linux in 1996, once again by an employee working in his free time. Later id products continued to be ported by David Kirsch and Timothee Besset respectively. In 1995 DUX Software contracted Don Hopkins to port SimCity to Linux. Other early commercial Linux games included "Hopkins FBI", an adventure game released in 1998 by MP Entertainment, and "Inner Worlds" in 1996, which was released for and mostly developed on Linux. In 1998 two programmers from Origin ported Ultima Online to Linux.
On November 9, 1998, a new software firm called Loki Software was founded by Scott Draeker, a former lawyer who became interested in porting games to Linux after being introduced to the system through his work as a software licensing attorney. Loki, although a commercial failure, is credited with the birth of the modern Linux game industry. Loki developed several free software tools, such as the Loki installer (also known as Loki Setup), and supported the development of the Simple DirectMedia Layer, as well as starting the OpenAL audio library project. These are still often credited as being the cornerstones of Linux game development. They were also responsible for bringing nineteen high profile games to the platform before its closure in 2002. Loki's initial success also attracted other firms to invest in the Linux gaming market, such as Tribsoft, Hyperion Entertainment, Macmillan Digital Publishing USA, Xatrix Entertainment, and Philos Laboratories. During this time Michael Simms founded Tux Games, one of the first still active online Linux game retailers.
After Loki's closure, the Linux game market experienced some changes. Although some new firms, such as Linux Game Publishing and RuneSoft, would largely continue the role of a standard porting house, the focus began to change with Linux game proponents encouraging game developers to port their game products themselves or through individual contractors. Influential to this was Ryan C. Gordon, a former Loki employee who would over the next decade port several game titles to multiple platforms, including Linux. Around this time many companies, starting with id, also began to release legacy source code leading to a proliferation of source ports of older games to Linux and other systems. This also helped expand the already existing free and open source gaming scene, especially with regards to the creation of free first person shooters.
The Linux gaming market also started to experience some growth towards the end of the decade with the rise of independent video game development, with many "indie" developers favouring support for multiple platforms. The recent Humble Indie Bundle initiatives have helped formally demonstrate this new trend, with Linux users representing a sizeable population of their purchase base, as well as consistently being the most financially generous in terms of actual money spent. The release of a Linux version of Desura, a digital distribution platform with a primary focus on small independent developers, has also been heralded by several commentators as an important step to greater acknowledgement of Linux as a gaming platform.
In July 2012, game developer and content distributor Valve Software announced a port of their Source engine for Linux as well as stating their intention to release their Steam digital distribution service for Linux. The potential availability of a Linux Steam client has already attracted other developers to consider porting their titles to Linux.
In November 2012, Unity Technologies ported their Unity engine and game creation system to Linux starting with version 4. All of the games created with the Unity engine can now be ported to Linux easily.
In September 2013 Valve announced that they were releasing a gaming oriented Linux based operating system called "SteamOS" with Valve saying they had "come to the conclusion that the environment best suited to delivering value to customers is an operating system built around Steam itself."
In March 2014 GOG.com announced they would begin to support Linux titles on their DRM free store starting the same year. After previously stating they wouldn't be able to due to too many distributions.

</doc>
<doc id="9914465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914465" title="Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dhaka">
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dhaka

The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dhaka, Bangladesh an autonomous organization, mainly responsible for holding two public examinations (SSC & HSS) and for providing recognition to the newly established non-government educational institutions and also for the supervision, control and developments of those institutions.
Establishment.
The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dhaka was established on 7 May 1921 according to the recommendation of Sadler Commission. Intermediate colleges and high schools in Dhaka city and Islamic intermediate colleges and high madrasah of greater Bengal were under control of that board. An advisory board made by the director of public education department of greater Bengal was given the authority to govern the board.
Purpose.
According to the ordinance of the board, The East Pakistan Intermediate and Secondary Education Ordinance, 1961 (East Pakistan Ordinance No. XXXIII of 1961) and its amendments No. XVI of 1962 and No. XVII of 1977, it is responsible for the organization, regulation, supervision, control and development of Intermediate and Secondary level public examinations and educational institutions.
History.
The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dhaka was established on 7 May 1921 according to the recommendation of Sadler Commission. Intermediate colleges and high schools in Dhaka city and Islamic intermediate colleges and high madrasah of greater Bengal were under control of that board. An advisory board made by the director of public education department of greater Bengal was given the authority to govern the board.
Dhaka Board was dissolved in September 1947 by a government order. Its name was changed to â€˜East Bengal Secondary Education Boardâ€™ in 1955 and it was live till 1961. Scope of this new board was limited to secondary level education of then the East province of Pakistan and control of intermediate education was shifted to the University of Dhaka.
Responsibility of intermediate education was given to the board from the university in 1961 and board was named â€˜Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, East Pakistanâ€™.
And after liberation it was named â€˜Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dhakaâ€™ with the scope of operation within Dhaka division.
See also.
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Chittagong
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Dinajpur
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Rajshahi
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Barisal
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Sylhet
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Jessore
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Comilla

</doc>
<doc id="9914491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914491" title="Bendita seas">
Bendita seas

Bendita seas is a 1956 Argentine film.
A drama directed by Luis Mottura, script by Eliseo Montaine and María Luz Regás based on the theater play by Alberto Novión. The movie was released on March 8, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="9914493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914493" title="Cubitos de hielo">
Cubitos de hielo

Cubitos de hielo is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914507" title="La Dama del millón">
La Dama del millón

La Dama del millón is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914508" title="Roy Bedichek">
Roy Bedichek

Roy Bedichek (June 27, 1878 – May 21, 1959) was a Texan writer, naturalist and educator.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Roy Bedichek was born on June 27, 1878 in Cass County, Illinois to parents James Madison Bedichek and Lucretia Ellen Craven. The family relocated to Falls County, Texas in 1884. Bedichek attended country schools and the Bedichek Academy, founded by his father in Eddy, Texas. He enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin in February 1898. He received his B.S. in 1903. Later in 1925, after returning as an employee of the University system, he earned his M.A.
Employment.
His first job after college was as a reporter for the "Fort Worth Record". Soon after, he was a high school teacher, first in Houston, Texas and then in San Angelo, Texas. Next, he worked as the secretary of the Chamber of Commerce in Deming, New Mexico. While in Deming, he was the Editor of the Deming Headlight. By 1913, Bedichek had returned to Austin and become the secretary of the Young Men's Business League, which later was merged with the chamber of commerce. Subsequently, he was executive secretary of the Organization for Promoting Interest in Higher Education in Texas. Then, he served as city editor of the San Antonio Express. Finally, in the fall of 1917, he began work in Austin with the University Interscholastic League (UIL), which was then a part of the University of Texas Extension Bureau. He became the second Director of the league in 1922. He retired from this position in 1948.
Writing.
At the urging of his friends, Walter Prescott Webb and J. Frank Dobie, he took a leave of absence in February 1946 to write his first book, "Adventures with a Texas Naturalist". His second book and third books were awarded the Carr P. Collins Award for the best Texas book of the day by the Texas Institute of Letters (TIL). His last book was released posthumously.
Friends.
While his friends J. Frank Dobie and Walter Prescott Webb are more renowned outside of Austin, in the community all three are respected equally. In the late 1960s to the early 1970s, the Austin Independent School District opened Middle Schools (then known as Junior Highs) named after all three men. Also, in 1994 a sculpture, known as Philosopher's Rock, portraying Roy Bedichek, J. Frank Dobie and Walter Prescott Webb was installed at Barton Springs Pool in Austin. The sculpture was fashioned in honor of their promotion of the preservation of Barton Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="9914513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914513" title="Después del silencio">
Después del silencio

Después del silencio is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914514" title="Stone Horizons">
Stone Horizons

Stone Horizons () is a 1956 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9914516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914516" title="Goleta austral">
Goleta austral

Goleta austral is a 1956 Argentine film.
External links.
r

</doc>
<doc id="9914521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914521" title="Edad difícil">
Edad difícil

Edad difícil is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914529" title="Estrellas de Buenos Aires">
Estrellas de Buenos Aires

Estrellas de Buenos Aires is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914536" title="Novia para dos">
Novia para dos

Novia para dos is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914538" title="Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize">
Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize

The Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize is a British literary prize established in 1963 in tribute to Geoffrey Faber, founder and first Chairman publisher Faber & Faber. It recognises a single volume of poetry or fiction by a Commonwealth author under 40, and is in alternating years awarded to poetry and fiction.
In its first year, the prize was awarded to Christopher Middleton for his poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="9914540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914540" title="La Muerte flota en el río">
La Muerte flota en el río

La Muerte flota en el río is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914543" title="Marta Ferrari">
Marta Ferrari

Marta Ferrari is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914544" title="Francesco Golisano">
Francesco Golisano

Francesco Golisano (1929 in Rome, Italy – 1958) was an Italian film actor. He is most famous for his role as the kindhearted Totò in Vittorio De Sica's "Miracle in Milan". He died in an auto accident in 1958, when he was only 29 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9914545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914545" title="Dundee Violet F.C.">
Dundee Violet F.C.

Dundee Violet F.C. are a Scottish football club based in the city of Dundee. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association, they currently play in the East Region North Division. Formed in 1883, their home ground is Glenesk Park and the club colours are royal blue.
Up until the end of the 2005–2006 season, they played in the Tayside Premier League of the Scottish Junior Football Association's Eastern Region.
The club won the Scottish Junior Cup in 1928–29, defeating Denny Hibs 4–0 at Dens Park after a second replay. This was due to the original tie being protested as Violet played an ineligible player, then the first replay finishing in a 2–2 draw. In doing so, "the Pansies" became the first club from Tayside to win Junior football's national cup competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9914548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914548" title="Luces de candilejas">
Luces de candilejas

Luces de candilejas is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914551" title="Prohibido para menores">
Prohibido para menores

Prohibido para menores is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914555" title="El Protegido">
El Protegido

El Protegido is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914558" title="La pícara soñadora">
La pícara soñadora

La Pícara soñadora is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914561" title="Oro bajo">
Oro bajo

Oro bajo is a 1956 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9914564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914564" title="East Craigie F.C.">
East Craigie F.C.

East Craigie F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Dundee. Their home ground is Craigie Park. Founded in 1880, they are one of Scotland's oldest Junior clubs.
Up until the end of the 2005–06 season, they played in the Tayside Premier League of the Scottish Junior Football Association's Eastern Region.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and East Craigie found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, North Division. They finished seventh in their first season in the division.

</doc>
<doc id="9914593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914593" title="Forfar Albion F.C.">
Forfar Albion F.C.

Forfar Albion F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Forfar, Angus. The current club was formed in 1974 following the amalgamation of two existing local sides, Forfar Celtic (est. 1891) and Forfar East End (est. 1881). After one season playing as Forfar East End Celtic, the name Albion was adopted in 1975. The club play at Guthrie Park and the team colours are maroon.
Up until the end of the 2005–06 season, they played in Tayside Division One of the Scottish Junior Football Association's Eastern Region.
The SJFA completed its restructuring of Junior football in the east of Scotland prior to the 2006–07 season, and Forfar Albion were placed in the twelve-team East Region, North Division. They finished ninth. twelfth and twelfth in Seasons 2006–07, 2007–08 and 2008–09 respectively, but showed encouraging signs of improvement during the 2009–10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9914595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914595" title="1999 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final">
1999 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final

The 1999 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match played between Lazio of Italy and Mallorca of Spain, to determine the winner of the 1998–99 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. The final was held at Villa Park in Birmingham on 19 May 1999. This final was the 39th and last UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final.

</doc>
<doc id="9914602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914602" title="Ankkarock">
Ankkarock

Ankkarock was a Finnish rock and metal festival held annually in Korso, Vantaa, in the Greater Helsinki area. It literally translates into Duckrock. The first Ankkarock was held in 1989; the festival was free of charge until 1998.
In 2006 the two-day event attracted approximately 40,000 visitors. The 2007 festival took place on 4 August and 5 August.
Lineups.
2009.
Held on 1 August and 2 August.
2008.
Held on 2 August and 3 August
2007.
Held on 4 August and 5 August.
2006.
Held on 5 August and 6 August.
August 6.
Lineups from pre-2006 include such artists as:

</doc>
<doc id="9914605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914605" title="1993–94 French Division 1">
1993–94 French Division 1

The 1993–94 Division 1 season was the 56th since its establishment. Paris Saint-Germain became champions for the second time in their history with 59 points.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams promoted from 1992–93 Division 2
Teams relegated to 1993–94 Division 2
League table.
1
2
Relegation play-off.
Pre-playoff (between the 2nd and 3rd of both D2 groups): 
Play-off (between the pre-playoff winners): 
Play-off D1-D2 (between D2 play-off winner and D1 18th team in which the winner will play in D1 next year):

</doc>
<doc id="9914618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914618" title="Forfar West End F.C.">
Forfar West End F.C.

Forfar West End F.C. are a Scottish junior football club based in Forfar, Angus. Their home ground is Strathmore Park.
Up until the end of the 2005–06 season, they played in the Tayside Premier League of the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and West End found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, North Division. They won the championship in their first season in the division and were promoted to the Premier League.
In the 2007–08 season they finished as Runners up in the East Premier League giving them promotion to the Super League, but were relegated again the following season.
After the loss of several players and management staff, the club failed to raise a team on two occasions at the start of the 2011–12 season. At an East Region meeting on 18 October 2011, it was announced that the club were going into abeyance and would withdraw from all competitive fixtures for the remainder of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9914630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914630" title="James Grimston, 2nd Viscount Grimston">
James Grimston, 2nd Viscount Grimston

James Grimston, 2nd Viscount Grimston (9 October 1711 – 15 December 1773) was a British peer and Member of Parliament.
Grimston was the son of William Grimston, 1st Viscount Grimston, and Jean Cooke. He was elected to the House of Commons for St Albans in 1754, a seat he held until 1761. In 1756 he succeeded his father in the viscountcy but as this was an Irish peerage it did not prohibit him from sitting in the House of Commons.
Lord Grimston married Mary Bucknall, daughter of William Bucknall, in 1746. He died in December 1773, aged 62, and was succeeded in his titles by his son James. Lady Grimston died in 1778.

</doc>
<doc id="9914638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914638" title="Kirriemuir Thistle F.C.">
Kirriemuir Thistle F.C.

Kirriemuir Thistle F.C. are a Scottish junior football club based in Kirriemuir, Angus. Their home ground is Westview Park.
Up until the end of the 2005–06 season, they played in Tayside Division One of the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Kirriemuir found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, North Division. They finished eighth in their first season in the division.

</doc>
<doc id="9914660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914660" title="Haim Silvas">
Haim Silvas

Haim Silvas () is an Israeli soccer player. He is best known for his years at Maccabi Haifa, where he scored a historic goal against European regional power, AFC Ajax. Now he works as the assistant manager in Hapoel Ra'anana.

</doc>
<doc id="9914670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914670" title="College Savings Plans Network">
College Savings Plans Network

The College Savings Plans Network (CSPN) is a national non-profit association and source of information about Section 529 College Savings Plans and Prepaid Tuition Plans—popular, convenient and tax-advantaged ways to save for college.
Founded in 1991, CSPN is an affiliate of the National Association of State Treasurers (NAST) and brings together administrators of 529 savings and prepaid plans from across the country, as well as their private sector partners, to offer convenient tools and information to help families make informed decisions about saving for college.
CSPN collects data quarterly on assets in state-administered college savings programs, monitors federal activities and promotes legislation that will positively affect Section 529 plans, and identifies financial opportunities to help families save for higher education.
CSPN provides a valuable networking opportunity for state officials responsible for administering 529 plans to gather and share their unique innovations and experiences in an effort to significantly increase participation in Section 529 plans and in turn, help the youth of this nation attain education goals.
The Network hosts a website that provides comprehensive information about each 529 plan. It includes a college cost calculator and a 529 plan comparison tool that helps families evaluate 529 plans based on criteria such as state tax benefits, fees, investment options and investment manager.
Executive Board.
The College Savings Plans Network Executive Board is composed of state officials who have been elected by their peers to serve as the leadership team for the organization. Board members serve for one or two year terms and are elected by the membership. The members are as follows.
Officers:
Betty Lochner, Chair
Director, Washington Guaranteed Education Tuition
Hon. Young Boozer, Vice-Chair
Alabama State Treasurer
Mary Morris, Treasurer
Chief Executive Officer, Virginia529 College Savings Plan
Hon. Michael L. Fitzgerald, Past Chair
Iowa State Treasurer
Board Members: 
James DiUlio
Director, Wisconsin 529 College Savings Program
Hon. Ron Estes
Kansas State Treasurer
Hon. Lynn Fitch
Mississippi State Treasurer
Kathleen McGrath
Director, PA 529 College Savings Program
Paul Paeglis
Executive Director, Ohio Tuition Trust Authority
Hon. John Perdue
West Virginia State Treasurer
Patricia Roberts
Corporate Affiliate Committee Chair & Managing Director, AllianceBernstein
Hon. Rich Sattgast
South Dakota State Treasurer
Lynne Ward
Executive Director, Utah Educational Savings Plan
Data.
529 plan data is collected by CSPN on a biannual basis and made available to states, policy makers, the media and the general public.
In March 2014, CSPN released its Year-End 529 Plan Report which found record-level growth for college savings plans. The review analyzed activity from all 529 plans in the country, including 103 savings and prepaid tuition plans.
The report found that total investment by American families in 529 plans has reached a record level of $227.07 billion. In 2013, total assets in 529 plans grew by $36.4 billion. The total number of 529 accounts increased 4.4% over the past 12 months, going from 11.1 million in December 2012 to 11.6 million as of December 2013. The report also noted that the average 529 account size continues to grow, reaching an all-time high of $19,584 as of December 31, 2013, a 14% increase over the past twelve months. This indicates a continued commitment by American families to save for the cost of a college education. Including growth from contributions and investment returns, total assets in 529 plans grew by 19.1% in 2013.
Legislation.
CSPN monitors federal legislative and regulatory activities and promotes legislation that will positively affect Section 529 college savings plans.
References.
1. ^ "CSPN - About CSPN". Retrieved 2008-12-14.
2. ^ http://www.collegesavings.org/overview.aspx
3. ^ http://www.collegesavings.org/executiveBoard.aspx
4. ^ http://www.collegesavings.org/document_download.aspx?documentID=404

</doc>
<doc id="9914673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914673" title="Viaje al infinito">
Viaje al infinito

Viaje al infinito is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914675" title="Enigma de mujer">
Enigma de mujer

Enigma de mujer is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914678" title="Historia de una soga">
Historia de una soga

Historia de una soga is a 1956 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9914684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914684" title="Providence Healthcare (Toronto)">
Providence Healthcare (Toronto)

Providence Healthcare is a health care facility in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, specializing in rehabilitation for patients who have experienced strokes, orthopaedic surgery, or lower limb amputation, or who require specialized geriatric rehabilitation, assessment and treatment. It also provides long-term care and community outreach for individuals with geriatric conditions. It is located in Scarborough near Warden subway station. The current chair of the hospital is Ms. Gretchen Van Riesen.
History.
Providence Healthcare’s Catholic legacy dates back to 1857 when the Sisters of St. Joseph founded the original House of Providence. The original site of the House of Providence was on Power Street in downtown Toronto, which is now the Don Valley Parkway exit to Adelaide and Richmond Streets. At that location, the House of Providence hit a peak of 700 people they were providing accommodations for, among them where the most vulnerable in society. Providence moved to its current location in 1962. The present location is a former farm owned by the Sisters of St. Josephs. Once the facility changed its location it began to focus on residential care for the elderly and sick. Along with this, the name House of Providence changed to Providence Villa and Hospital. The name was changed once again to Providence Center so it would better reflect its diversity of services, not only to residents and patients but the entire community. The Sisters of St. Joseph sponsored Providence Center up until 1998 when the Catholic Health Corporation of Ontario assumed sponsorship. The name was changed once again in 2004 to Providence Healthcare. In 2007 Providence Healthcare celebrated its 150th year of providing care and its tradition still continues to this day.
Services.
Programs and services are provided through three Integrated Care Divisions: Providence Hospital, one of Ontario’s largest rehabilitation and complex continuing care facilities; the Cardinal Ambrozic Houses of Providence, a long-term care facility for 288 residents; and Providence Community Centre, specializing in community clinics, caregiver support, education and neighbourhood outreach programs, such as Adult Day Program and the Tamil Caregiver Project. Included in the facility is an Integrated Healing Arts Centre. This center offers services including acupuncture, chiropody, chiropractic services, message therapy and physiotherapy
Providence Healthcare’s adult day program provides caregiver relief, and meaningful activity for individuals with moderate to severe dementia. They offer family and client-centric service 24 hours a day from Monday to Friday and daytime service on Saturdays. The service is open to anyone living in the GTA with irreversible dementia. Providence Healthcare provides a costumed designed space that includes a living and dining area with a grand piano, overnight suits that are equipped with computers, flat screens and outdoor garden spaces.
Providence Healthcare includes a Scotiabank Learning Centre that reaches out to families coping with chronic conditions and other illness. The space provides a computer workspace, meeting table, media center, outdoor garden and play area for visiting children. The Scotiabank Learning Centre offers numerous group education sessions such as Living with Stroke, Living with Stroke and Aphasia, and other self-management programs created by Stanford University. In addition, the center holds three monthly support groups. The meetings are held to discuss topics related to dementia and how to be a caregiver for those who have it. Participants in these discussions are encouraged to share their thoughts, ideas and helpful hints for caring for someone who has dementia.
Another component of the facility is the Toyota Canada Motor Skills Clinic. This is a component of Providence Healthcare’s rehabilitation program. The purpose of this clinic is to give patients confidence in doing everyday activities that they are no longer used to performing. Toyota Canada donated $300,000 to build this addition to Providence Healthcare. The Toyota Canadian Motor skills clinic includes a wheelchair-accessible ramp, crosswalk with traffic light, different outdoor surfaces for patients to practice walking on, grassy area with a bench and table, and a vehicle for patients to practice getting in and out of safely.
Employment.
In 2009, for the second year in a row, Providence Healthcare was named one of Greater Toronto's Top Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc., which was announced by the Toronto Star newspaper.
References.
"providence.on.ca". 2013. Providence Healthcare. Web. 7 Mar. 2013

</doc>
<doc id="9914685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914685" title="The Virgin Man">
The Virgin Man

The Virgin Man () is a 1956 Argentine comedy film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Luis Sandrini.

</doc>
<doc id="9914694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914694" title="John Chesshyre">
John Chesshyre

Sir John Chesshyre (11 November 1662 – 15 May 1738) was an English lawyer who rose to the position of king's first serjeant.
Family background.
Sir John Chesshyre was born at Hallwood, Halton, near Runcorn, Cheshire, the son of Thomas and Catherine Chesshyre. Thomas Chesshyre was Bailiff of the Lordship of Halton and Whitley. The family had been Royalists in the Civil War and they had sustained severe financial penalties when the Parliamentarians were ruling the country.
Legal career.
John Chesshyre was admitted to Gray's Inn in 1682 and called to the bar there in 1689. In 1705 he accepted the degree of serjeant-at-law. He became one of the crown counsel as queen's sergeant in 1711 and was knighted in 1713. In 1727 he was declared the king's first serjeant. His profession made him a wealthy man; in the six years from 1719 he earned an average of over £3,000 a year, making him one of the highest earning counsels practising in Westminster Hall. In 1725 he reduced his practice, confining it to the Court of Common Pleas, thus reducing his annual income to an average of £1,300.
Personal life.
For most of his professional life he lived in London, either in his house in Isleworth, which was then in Middlesex, or in his other home in Essex Street, off the Strand, or in his chambers in the Inner Temple. His death in 1738 was sudden and the "Gentleman's Magazine" stated that he "was worth £100,000 all acquired by the Law". He had expressed a wish to be buried in Runcorn parish church but he wanted "no lying in state nor pompous train of coaches into Cheshire nor any unnecessary attendance". Nevertheless his funeral procession took five days to travel from Isleworth to Runcorn and his funeral expenses amounted to over £350. There is a monument to his memory in Runcorn parish church but this is now out of sight behind the organ.
Sir John's first wife died in London in 1705 and was buried in Runcorn. In 1706 he married Ann Lawley who outlived him to die in 1756. His brother, Robert Chesshyre, was vicar of Runcorn and he died in 1739.
Chesshyre Library.
Sir John is best remembered locally for founding a library at Halton and for leaving an endowment in his will for its further maintenance. The library had been completed in 1733 and was furnished with 400 books which were mainly ecclesiastical histories and works of law. The library had been intended for the incumbent of Halton and "for any divine or divines of the Church of England or other gentlemen or persons of letters". This made it in effect the first, or one of the first, free libraries in England. Sir John also built the vicarage in Halton in 1739 and endowed the curacy there.
As time passed, the endowment proved insufficient for the maintenance of the building and its contents. By the middle of the 19th century it had "no function and no money". By the middle of the 20th century it was in a state of advanced dilapidation. The adjacent land owned by the church was acquired by the North-West Water Authority. A new parish hall was built with money received as compensation from the Water Authority and a passageway was made to link the hall with the library which now serves as a meeting room. The library is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and its gates are listed at Grade II.

</doc>
<doc id="9914711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914711" title="Ballingry Rovers F.C.">
Ballingry Rovers F.C.

Ballingry Rovers F.C. are a Scottish junior football club based in Glencraig, Fife. Their home ground is Ore Park. 
Ballingry Rovers were founded in 1952 by Mr Andrew and Mrs Janet Clark of Ballingry Road with the aid of Jean Coron, originally playing at the King George VI Park in Crosshill. A successful amateur side for many years, the club stepped up to the Junior grade in 2004. 
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Rovers found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished third in their first season in the division.
The club are managed since the summer of 2013 by Stevie Kay. 

</doc>
<doc id="9914754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914754" title="Giora Antman">
Giora Antman

Giora Antman () is a former Israeli football player and currently the goalkeeper coach in Israel national football team and Maccabi Haifa.
He also been the goalkeeper coach at Maccabi Haifa for 18 years until he was replaced in 2012 by Avi Peretz. After just one season with Hapoel Beer-Sheva, Antman returned to his familiar role as goalkeeper coach for Maccabi Haifa in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9914760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914760" title="Mass Uprising Day">
Mass Uprising Day

Mass Uprising Day is observed in Bangladesh on 24 January to mark the climax of the movement of the people of the then East Pakistan for autonomy in 1969 that eventually led to the Independence War and emergence of Bangladesh in 1971.
On this day in 1969 Matiur Rahman Mallik, a standard IX student of the Nabakumar Institution, and Rustam Ali, a rickshaw-puller, were killed in police fire on demonstrators in Dhaka as the Pakistani rulers desperately tried to suppress the popular uprising. The killings sparked off intense protests across the country that eventually saw the fall of the Ayub regime.
It is said by politicians that the Day teaches Bangladeshis the values of democracy and to protest against oppression.

</doc>
<doc id="9914772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914772" title="Pino Cerami">
Pino Cerami

Giuseppe 'Pino' Cerami (born 28 April 1922 in Misterbianco, Sicily, Italy) is a former Belgian road bicycle racer. He joined the professional peloton in 1946 as an independent. He was naturalised as a Belgian on 16 March 1956.
Cerami won the 1960 Paris–Roubaix Classic with Tino Sabbadini of France second and Miguel Poblet of Spain in third place. Cerami also won La Flèche Wallonne Classic in 1960. Cerami was 3rd in the 1960 World Championship Road Race behind Rik Van Looy of Belgium and Frenchman André Darrigade. At the 1963 Tour de France, Cerami won the 9th stage at 41 years old; Cerami is the oldest Tour de France stage winner ever.
Since 1964 the GP Pino Cerami professional cycling race has taken place every year in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="9914773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914773" title="Bankfoot Athletic F.C.">
Bankfoot Athletic F.C.

Bankfoot Athletic F.C. were a Scottish junior football club based in Bankfoot, near Perth, Perth and Kinross. Their home ground was Coronation Park.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Athletic found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished twelfth (bottom) in their first season in the division.
The club spent the 2013-14 season in abeyance owing to a lack of committee members and at the Scottish Junior Football Association's AGM on 21st June 2014 it was announced that Bankfoot had withdrawn as members of the SJFA.
Notable former players.
"see also "

</doc>
<doc id="9914782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914782" title="Mountain Park, Alberta">
Mountain Park, Alberta

Mountain Park is a ghost town in western Alberta, south of Cadomin, at the end of the historic Alberta Coal Branch line of the Canadian National Railway (originally the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway).
Production of steam coal for railroad use by the Mountain Park Coal Co. Ltd. began in 1912 or 1914. It closed in 1950 in response to rising debt, declining coal markets, and a flood by the McLeod River that washed out the railroad bed. Mining throughout the area ceased as the railroads replaced steam locomotives with diesel, and the town was quickly abandoned. Almost nothing remains of Mountain Park today, except for a restored cemetery and a few remnants of the mine. At its peak, the town was home to about 1,500 residents.
Mountain Park is now the site of another coal mining operation, the Cheviot Mine, which opened in 2005 despite environmental opposition. Cheviot is operated by Teck Coal Ltd. and produces coking coal for export to Japanese steel mills. "Due to current mining activity, as of October 2012, there is only limited access to the Mountain Park cemetery and no access to the townsite."

</doc>
<doc id="9914792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914792" title="Benny Brunner">
Benny Brunner

Benny Brunner (; born 1954) is an Israeli-Dutch filmmaker, born in Bârlad, Romania and based in Amsterdam since 1986. He studied film at Tel Aviv University. Since the late 1980s, Brunner has written, produced, and directed films about the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict including "It Is No Dream", "State of Suspension", "" and "The Great Book Robbery", films about Jewish history like "The Seventh Million", and films concerning the modern history of the Middle East. He describes himself as "a veteran leftist" and his political films take the side of the 'other'. Brunner has worked in the Middle East, Europe, South Africa, and the United States. In addition to winning a special commendation by the Prix Europa for "A Philosopher for All Seasons" in 1991, his films have been screened at the San Francisco Jewish Film Festival, the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam, the Jerusalem Film Festival, the San Diego Jewish Film Festival, and other international, national and Jewish film festivals.
Early life.
Born in Romania, Benny Brunner immigrated to Israel at age five. According to "Guernica Magazine", Brunner's early memories include political shouting matches between his father and uncle. He was raised by socialist parents who supported David Ben-Gurion, the first Prime Minister of Israel. While in Beer Sheva, he was a Labour supporter. The San Francisco Jewish Film Festival has stated that Brunner's mother, Clara, wanted him to study law, but he was 'too smart for his own good', and thought that being a filmmaker would be lucrative and provide him an opportunity to travel. Brunner studied film at Tel Aviv University at the Ramat Aviv campus in the Katz Faculty of the Arts' Department of Film and Television. Brunner served in the Israeli Defense Forces and is a veteran of the Yom Kippur War, during which he began to view the Israeli narrative he had learned in school as "legends of nation building." The change in his view of Zionism was at first difficult for his family to accept.
Career.
Brunner left Israel in 1986 for an opportunity to make political films. He briefly stayed in London where he did freelance work during the Thatcher era. Brunner moved to the Netherlands later that year.
"A Philosopher for All Seasons" (1990).
Brunner's most significant early work is a tribute to then-living Yeshayahu Leibowitz. It explores in particular the impact of Leibowitz's answer to the question of how one may determine who is Jewish. The film won a Taurus trophy for special commendation in Non-Fiction at the Prix Europa in 1991.
"The Seventh Million" (1995).
Based on historian Tom Segev's book of the same name, "The Seventh Million" explores the dilemma of Shoah survivors in finding a place in the newly established State of Israel. The film was initially considered too controversial to be aired on Israeli state television. Brunner collaborated with the historian to find images to accompany the text. He researched archives and propaganda footage. In reaction to Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List", Brunner resolved to make a movie which was descriptive rather than dramatic. The film shows how Holocaust survivors reacted to their treatment in Israeli society by hiding tattoos received in Nazi concentration camps and responding with depression and resentment. The title and narrative are meant to portray the lasting effects of the Holocaust on modern Israeli life.
"Al-Nakba: The Palestinian Catastrophe 1948" (1996).
Brunner describes a "watershed moment" he experienced in 1988 after reading "The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem, 1947-1949" by Benny Morris, whereupon he envisioned making the book into a film. This was the impetus for his conception of "", the first documentary film to examine the displacement of 750,000 Palestinians during the birth of the state of Israel. Brunner toured with "Al-Nakba" to discuss the subject with audiences in Israel and San Francisco.
"The Concrete Curtain" (2004).
The film follows "The Wall" as further documentation of the West Bank wall and the difficulties imposed upon Palestinians. "Variety" noted the film for its Kafkaesque absurdism and dark humor.
"The Great Book Robbery" (2011).
While shooting "State of Suspension" in 2008, Brunner stated that he read "Salvage or Plunder? Israel's "Collection" of Private Palestinian Libraries in West Jerusalem" by Gish Amit. He was "stunned" at the appropriation of 70,000 books by the State of Israel during the 1948 Palestinian exodus as significant to the loss of Palestinian cultural heritage and decided to make a film on the topic. About 6,000 of these books continue to be held today at National Library of Israel where they are labeled as "Abandoned Property".
Views.
Brunner self-describes as a former Zionist who sympathizes with the Palestinian people. According to "Guernica", Israeli Cabinet Minister Uzi Landau accused him of "being part of an Israeli left fanning the flames of 'Jew-hatred' in Europe." Ginger Foot Films has stated that Brunner "does not believe in neutrality, balance or objectivity in documentary filmmaking, especially when state power is used to dominate the occupied, underprivileged, or the 'other'."
Personal life.
Brunner still visits the Middle East two to three times a year. "Guernica" said his visits are a source of creative inspiration.

</doc>
<doc id="9914800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914800" title="Baron Munchausen's Dream">
Baron Munchausen's Dream

"Baron Munchausen's Dream" (, literally "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen") is a French film released in November 1911 based on a book by Gottfried August Bürger. It was one of the last films from early 20th century French filmmaker Georges Méliès. While other filmmakers in the early 1910s were moving into new technical areas of filmmaking, "Baron Munchausen's Dream" exhibits the same styles and processes Méliès had been using in the 1890s.
Synopsis.
After an evening of entertaining guests, an intoxicated Baron Munchausen goes to sleep only to experience a variety of disturbing and otherworldly dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="9914802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914802" title="Crossgates Primrose J.F.C.">
Crossgates Primrose J.F.C.

Crossgates Primrose J.F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Crossgates, near Dunfermline, Fife. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association, they currently play in the East Region, Central Division. Their home ground is Humbug Park, its unusual name deriving from a disused pit of the former Cuttlehill Colliery on which site the ground is located.
Crossgates' record attendance was 7,600 for a Scottish Junior Cup 6th round tie in 1952–53 against Auchinleck Talbot.
The club's best-known former players are Scotland legend Jim Baxter and his second cousin George Kinnell.

</doc>
<doc id="9914803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914803" title="Anne Hull">
Anne Hull

Anne Hull is an American journalist on the national staff of "The Washington Post".She won a Pulitzer Prize in 2008.
Life.
For the "Post", Hull has written about race, class, immigration, gay youth, gentrification and the economy. In 2007, she and colleague Dana Priest investigated the U.S. military care for wounded soldiers coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan. Their writing and the photographs of Michel du Cille exposed the harsh living conditions at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, stimulated reforms, and were recognized next year by the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service.
Hull was born in Florida and worked as a reporter for the "St. Petersburg Times". She attended Florida State University. She was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University in 1995.
She has written for "The New Yorker" magazine. She is on the Board of Trustees at the Poynter Institute for Media Studies in St. Petersburg. In 2010, she was the Holtzbrinck Fellow at the American Academy in Berlin. She was a visiting professor of journalism at Princeton University.
Awards.
The Walter Reed stories were awarded the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, the Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award, the Selden Ring Award for Investigative Reporting, and the 2007 Investigative Reporters and Editors Grand Prize Award.
Hull has received the American Society of Newspaper Editors Distinguished Writing Award. In 2008 she was the recipient of the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award from Colby College.

</doc>
<doc id="9914812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914812" title="Captain Roop Singh Stadium">
Captain Roop Singh Stadium

Captain Roop Singh Stadium, is a cricket ground in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh. The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January
1988. 
The ground has flood lights and has hosted day-night encounters. It can hold 45,000 people at a time. It was originally a hockey stadium
named after great Indian hockey player Roop Singh brother of hockey legend Dhyan Chand.
Ground Profile.
The stadium's first one-day international was held in 1988, when West Indies beat India by 73 runs, a match in which Narendra Hirwani made his one-day debut. Floodlights were installed in preparation for the 1996 Cricket World Cup fixture, also between India and West Indies. The stadium was also the venue for the first and only day-night Ranji Trophy final in 1996. The match was played
between Mumbai and Delhi over five days and Mumbai won on the basis of a first-innings lead.
The pitch at the Captain Roop Singh Stadium has traditionally favoured the batsmen. In eight of the 10 ODIs, the team batting first has scored over 250. Its also been very lucky for most of the cricketers from India in India, especially Sachin Tendulkar.
A pavilion at the Captain Roop Singh Stadium is named after Sachin Tendulkar who made the history by becoming the first cricketer to score a double century in ODI.
Matches hosted.
One Match of the 1996 Cricket World Cup was also played on this ground between India and West Indies. 
In May 1998, Kenya beat India by 69 runs in ODI for first time. As Kenya sailed confidently into the final of Coca-Cola Triangular Series. 
It was their fifth win at this level, and their second over a Test nation. Ravindu Shah notching his third fifty in only his fourth one-day international, dominated the first phase of the innings. When he fell for 70 including 50 in boundaries, the score was 93. For once, Kenya built on their sound start. 
Maurice Odumbe peppered his 91-ball 83 with five sixes, while Hitesh Modi contributed a run-a-ball fifty. In India's reply, eight batsmen made it to double figures, but none beyond 33. Maurice Odumbe followed his biggest score in one-day internationals with his best bowling, taking three for 14 with his off-spin.
In February 2010, in a match between India and South Africa where India scored 401/3 and Sachin Tendulkar became the first cricketer ever to score a double century in an ODI ending on 200
not out. This match was comfortably won by India by 153 runs,
where South Africa was bowled out for 248 in
42.5 Overs.

</doc>
<doc id="9914820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914820" title="George Carter">
George Carter

George Carter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9914831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914831" title="Hu Xiaolian">
Hu Xiaolian

Hu Xiaolian (; born 1958) is the Deputy Governor of the People's Bank of China and the former director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in China. She was ranked 23rd on "The Wall Street Journal"s "The 50 Women to Watch 2007" list. She was ranked fourth on "The Wall Street Journal"s "The 50 Women to Watch 2008" list and was referred to as "one of the most powerful people in the world".
Hu was elected an alternate member of the CCP Central Committee at the November 2012 18th National Party Congress.
Biography.
Born in Hubei in 1958, Hu graduated from the Graduate School of the People's Bank of China with an MA in economics in 1984. Hu served as Director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange from 2007-2009. In 2009, she was appointed Deputy Governor of the People's Bank of China.

</doc>
<doc id="9914843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914843" title="Kirkcaldy YM F.C.">
Kirkcaldy YM F.C.

Kirkcaldy YM Junior F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Kirkcaldy, Fife. Formed in 1969 as an amateur club, they became members of the Scottish Junior Football Association in 1970. Their home ground is Denfield Park where they have been based since 1993 although previous grounds included a five year spell in the village of Coaltown of Wemyss during the 1970s.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Kirkcaldy found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished second in their first season in the division.
The club pulled out of the Central Division's 2007–08 campaign due to a shortage of players. A public meeting in February 2008 led to the formation of a new committee and the club re-joined the Central Division for the 2008–09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9914857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914857" title="101st Signal Battalion (United States)">
101st Signal Battalion (United States)

Headquartered in Yonkers, New York, The 101st Signal Battalion is an Echelons Above Corps Signal Unit of the New York Army National Guard. It is subordinate to the 53rd Troop Command.
Mission.
The mission of the 101st Signal Battalion is to provide and manage communications and information systems support for the command and control of combined arms forces. Signal support includes Network Operations (information assurance, information dissemination management, and network management) and management of the electromagnetic spectrum. Signal support encompasses designing, installing, maintaining, and managing information networks; to include communications links, computers, and other components of local and wide area networks.
Soldiers belonging to the 101st Signal Battalion plan, install, operate, and maintain voice and data communications networks that employ single and multi-channel satellite, tropospheric scatter, terrestrial microwave, switching, messaging, video-teleconferencing, visual information, and other related systems. They also integrate tactical, strategic and sustaining base communications, information processing and management systems into a seamless global information network that supports knowledge dominance for Army, joint and coalition operations.
History.
Organized 6 December 1886 and 29 December 1894, in the New York National Guard at New York and Brooklyn, respectively, as the Provisional Signal Corps of the 1st and 2d Brigades. Following this, the units were restructured and on 11 November 1892, were designated the Provisional Signal and Telegraph Corps of the 1st and 2d Brigades, respectively.
After three years, on 10 January 1895, they were redesignated as the 1st and 2d Signal Corps. Another restructuring occurred on 23 July 1903, becoming the 1st and 2d companies, Signal Corps. Following this, they consolidated on 7 February 1914, as the 1st Battalion, Signal Corps.
Following this, they were called into federal service on 18 June 1916, for service on the Mexican Border. They were redesignated as the 102d Field Signal Battalion and were assigned to the 27th Division on 1 October 1917.
They were demobilized on 31 March 1919 at Camp Upton, New York. After this, they consolidated with the 1st Battalion, Signal Corps, New York Guard. The consolidated unit reorganized into the New York National Guard as the 1st Battalion, Signal Corps; headquarters was recognized federally on 3 May 1921, in New York.
The 1st Battalion, Signal Corps, was redesignated 1 June 1921 as the 101st Signal Battalion. Inducted into Federal service 13 January 1941 at home stations, furthermore deactivated 8 December 1945 at Camp Stoneman, California.
The first battalion was reorganized and federally recognized 16 October 1947 with Headquarters at Yonkers. After this, they were redesignated on 1 March 1950, as the 101st Signal Battalion.
The unit was deactivated on 20 August 1994 at Camp Smith, Peekskill, NY, and lay dormant until 1 September 2004, when it was reconstituted into the Army Force structure and into the New York Army National guard.

</doc>
<doc id="9914860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914860" title="Lochgelly Albert F.C.">
Lochgelly Albert F.C.

Lochgelly Albert J.F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Lochgelly, Fife. Their home ground is Gardiners Park. Founded in 1926 as an amateur side, the club stepped up to the Junior grade in 1933. Club colours are gold and black.
History.
There are a couple of theories of how Lochgelly Albert started the use of 'Albert'. The first theory is that the club was named after Queen Victoria's husband, Prince Albert. The people who believe this theory point to the fact that the clubs original team colours of gold and black are the same as the Royal Livery was at the time of Prince Albert's death. However, the length of time between Prince Albert's death and the setting up of the club in 1926 as an amateur club makes this theory unlikely. The second theory, and probably the most respected, is that the club took its name from a town that was unlucky enough to be on the Somme front during the Great War of 1914-1918. It is well known that more than a few young men from Lochgelly not only fought, but perished, at the front line of the Somme. It is reported that most of the soldiers were at some time stationed in a town called Albert in northern France and a few not only played football before the war, but after hostilities had ceased, set about founding a local team in Lochgelly. This may have been done to try to replace the local senior team Lochgelly United who disbanded for the duration of the war.
Lochgelly Albert's first football game within the Junior ranks was on 29 July 1933, away to Kirkford Juniors at Beathview Park, Cowdenbeath and resulted in a 1-0 victory to Lochgelly Albert. The goal was scored in the 88th minute by Pat Finnerty. The club's first trophy arrived in the season 1934-35. This was the Fife Cup and the Albert were victorious over Rosslyn Juniors at Stark's Park, Kirkcaldy, the current home of Raith Rovers, the final score being Lochgelly Albert 2 Rosslyn Juniors 0.
The Albert were followed into the Junior ranks by another team in 1935. This team were called Lochgelly Violet, and their first game on 29 July 1935 was away to Lochgelly Albert at Gardiner's Park. The outcome of this game was a 2-0 victory for the Albert and was watched by 2,000 local spectators.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Albert found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished fourth in their first season in the division.
Record attendance.
The record crowd for Lochgelly Albert was 11,645 for a Scottish Junior Cup 6th round tie against Bo'ness United on 13 March 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="9914866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914866" title="Julius Hübner">
Julius Hübner

Rudolf Julius Benno Hübner (27 January 1806 – 7 November 1882) was a German historical painter of the Düsseldorf school of painting. He was also known as a poet and the father of Emil Hübner, a distinguished classical scholar.
Life.
Hübner was born at Oels in Silesia, studied at the Academy School in Berlin and under Schadow there and in Düsseldorf. He first attracted attention by his picture of "Ruth and Boaz" (1825). He traveled in Italy and resided for the most part at Düsseldorf until 1839. In that year he settled at Dresden, becoming a professor in the Academy of Arts in 1841 and director of the Gallery of Paintings in 1871. He obtained the great gold medal at Brussels in 1851. He died in Loschwitz.
Works.
Among the works of Hübner's first period are "The Fisherman" (1828), after Goethe's ballad; "Ruth and Naomi" (1833), in the National Gallery, Berlin; "Christ and the Four Evangelists" (1835); "Job and his Friends" (1838), in the Gallery of Frankfurt; "Consider the Lilies" (1839); and the portrait of Frederick III, in Frankfurt's Römer.
To his second, or Dresden, period belong the "Golden Age" and "Dispute between Luther and Dr. Eck" (1866), in the Dresden Gallery; "Charles V at San Yuste;" "Last Days of Frederick the Great;" "Cupid in Winter;" and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9914894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914894" title="E. coli nitroreductase">
E. coli nitroreductase

"E. coli" nitroreductase is a flavoprotein found in the bacteria "Escherichia coli". It catalyses the reduction of nitro groups in a wide range of substrates, to produce the corresponding hydroxylamine. Although its role "in vivo" is unclear, it has been identified as useful in the metabolism of a number of prodrugs in anti-cancer gene therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="9914904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914904" title="Luncarty F.C.">
Luncarty F.C.

Luncarty J.F.C. is a Scottish football club based in the village of Luncarty, near Perth, Perth and Kinross. They were formed in 1886 by employees of a local bleachworks and after some years in local Senior football, joined the Junior grade in 1921. Their home ground is Brownlands Park.
Up until the end of the 2005–06 season, they played in Tayside Division One in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region, and they finished 2nd in the division's final season.
This would have seen them promoted into the Tayside Premier League but the SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and the Bleachers found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished sixth in their first season in the division.
Due to league reconstruction in season 2013 - 14, Luncarty now compete in the SJFA East Region, North Division.
Luncarty played in its first major cup final for 25 years reaching the GA Engineering Cup Final, played at Tannadice Stadium on 10 May 2014. The Bleachers lost out on penalties to Lochee United after the match finished 1-1.

</doc>
<doc id="9914919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914919" title="Newburgh F.C.">
Newburgh F.C.

Newburgh F.C. are a Scottish junior football club based in Newburgh, Fife. Their home ground is East Shore Park. Originally founded as Newburgh West End, the club was renamed in 1935. Team colours are black and white.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Newburgh found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished eleventh in their first season in the division.
Newburgh have twice reached the semi-final stage of the Scottish Junior Cup, playing Renfrew in 1962 and Cambuslang Rangers in 1971. The club lost 4–0 on both occasions. Their quarter-final tie in 1962 against Irvine Meadow attracted a record crowd of 3,960 to East Shore Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9914934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914934" title="Moisés Moura Pinheiro">
Moisés Moura Pinheiro

Moisés Moura Pinheiro, simply known as Moisés (born 25 July 1979), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender.
Club career.
Born in Nanuque, Minas Gerais, Moisés started his career with Esporte Clube Vitória, gradually becoming a regular for the Série A team and helping it win two consecutive Bahia State Championships. In 2002 he competed with fellow league outfit Paraná Clube who finished 22nd out of 26 teams, narrowly avoiding relegation.
Moisés moved to Russia still in 2002, joining Premier League club FC Spartak Moscow and winning the Russian Cup after defeating FC Rostov 1–0 in the final, with the player playing the full 90 minutes. The following season, as his team underperformed in the domestic championship, he was allowed to leave the capital, signing for another side in the country and category, FC Krylia Sovetov Samara, for US$1.9 million.
Initially things started well for Moisés and his new team, who finished a best-ever third in the league and lost the domestic cup final, against FC Terek Grozny. After not being paid for five months, however, he returned to his country and joined Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, where he won the Minas Gerais League and attracted interest from Sporting Clube de Portugal, especially since his contract was about to end; the move was, however, terminated by Lisbon club after a ruling by FIFA concluded that he had been persuaded by Cruzeiro to terminate his contract with Krylia, and he was subsequently banned for four mouths, with the Brazilians not being able to acquire any players for two transfer windows.
After his ban was lifted, Moisés would however play parts of the following four seasons in Portugal (two full), notably with S.C. Braga. In 2009–10 he only missed two league games as the Minho team finished in a best-ever second place, adding nine UEFA Champions League appearances in the following campaign (qualifying rounds included); he also played in his country with Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, who loaned him to Boavista F.C. while selling 50% of his economic rights to Cruzeiro.
On 16 January 2011 Moisés joined Qatar Stars League club Al Rayyan Sports Club, who paid €1.5 million for his services, split between Braga and Cruzeiro. On 27 December of the following year he returned to his homeland, signing with Associação Portuguesa de Desportos.

</doc>
<doc id="9914947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914947" title="Steelend Victoria F.C.">
Steelend Victoria F.C.

Steelend Victoria F.C. (commonly known as Steelend Vics) were a Scottish football club based in the town of Steelend. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association, the club were historically based at Woodside Park in the village of Steelend near Dunfermline before moving in 2013. 
An original Steelend Victoria side ran from 1946 until 1963 before changing their name to Comrie Colliery F.C. after accepting assistance from the National Coal Board. This side lasted until 1988 before the current club was revived in 1995.
The SJFA was restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and the Vics were positioned in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished eighth in the first and 10th in their second season in the division.
In season 2013 -14, Steelend could not complete their fixtures and withdrew membership of the Scottish Junior FA.

</doc>
<doc id="9914959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914959" title="Grimston baronets">
Grimston baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Grimston, once in the Baronetage of England and once in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. One creation is extant as of 2010.
The Grimston Baronetcy, of Bradfield in the County of Essex, was created in the Baronetage of England on 25 November 1611 for Harbottle Grimston. He later represented Harwich and Essex in the House of Commons. His son, the second Baronet, served as Speaker of the House of Commons and as Master of the Rolls. His son, the third Baronet sat as Member of Parliament for St Albans. However, on his death in 1700 the title became extinct. The Grimston estates passed to his great-nephew William Luckyn, who assumed the surname of Grimston and was created Viscount Grimston in 1719. He was the ancestor of the Earls of Verulam.
The Grimston Baronetcy, of Westbury in the County of Wiltshire, was created on 11 March 1952 for Robert Grimston, a grandson of the second Earl of Verulam. He was later elevated to the peerage as Baron Grimston of Westbury. For more information, see this title.

</doc>
<doc id="9914960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914960" title="Thornton Hibs F.C.">
Thornton Hibs F.C.

Thornton Hibs F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club based in Thornton, Fife. Their home ground is Memorial Park and the team colours are green and white.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Hibs found themselves in the twelve-team East Region, Central Division. They finished ninth in their first season in the division.

</doc>
<doc id="9914962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914962" title="Matiur Rahman Mallik">
Matiur Rahman Mallik

Matiur Rahman Mallik, a national activitist who died on 24 January 1969. He was killed by the Pakistani police and he was the son of Azhar Ali Mallik from Sabujbagh, Dhaka. 
The event has historic significance and its spirit awakened people to fight for democracy and basic human rights, as it eventually lead to the Independence of Bangladesh. The event is observed as Mass Uprising Day.
He was a Standard IX student of Nabakumar Institution, when he took part in a street march demanding autonomy for Bangladesh (then East Pakistan) and was gunned down by the police of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9914975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914975" title="Bill Ayres">
Bill Ayres

Bill Ayres is a talk radio host and executive director and co-founder of World Hunger Year.
Ayres became a Catholic priest for the Archdiocese in New York in 1966, but always had a fondness for radio broadcasting, starting as WGSM on Long Island. He began hosting and producing a weekly radio talk show on New York radio station WPLJ 95.5 FM in 1973. At first called On This Rock, it featured interviews with rock musicians, that focused on the spiritual meaning of the music to them, rather than its commercial aspects. Known on-air as Father Bill Ayres, and then titled The Bill Ayres Show, he has taken thousands of calls and offered advice about personal, relational, spiritual and social values, as well as playing music by artists whose outlook he thought along similar lines as his.
He served for ten years at St. Joseph's Church in Babylon, New York until 1979. He resigned from the active priesthood in the early 1980s and focused on charitable work full-time.
In 1975, Ayres and his close friend folksinger and songwriter Harry Chapin saw a pressing need to aid the impoverished with basic needs such as food. They began World Hunger Year (WHY), an organization with a stated mission to defeat hunger through charity, using grassroots efforts and rallying celebrities and leaders to help promote the cause. Ayres has served as Executive Director since 1983. Ayres and Chapin believed that solutions to hunger and poverty are found through long-term solutions, like supporting community-based organizations that empower individuals and build self-reliance.
Ayres has spun off another national hunger coalition, The Medford Group of national hunger organizations. He was a founding member of the National Jobs for All Coalition, a full-employment group, suggested their series, Uncommon Sense, and is on their Advisory Board. He is also a board member of Long Island Cares, Long Island's food bank.
He is the co-author of the book "All You Need is Love: And 99 Other Life Lessons From Classic Rock Songs" with radio colleague Pete Fornatale.
He resides in Huntington, New York with his wife, Jeannine, and has two daughters, Michelle and Suzanne.

</doc>
<doc id="9914976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914976" title="Jocelyn Quivrin">
Jocelyn Quivrin

Jocelyn Quivrin (14 February 1979 – 15 November 2009) was a French actor. He had a supporting role in the critically acclaimed film "Syriana".
Childhood and education.
Jocelyn Quivrin was born in Dijon on 14 February 1979. His father, Vincent Beaufils was an anaesthetist for SAMU (a mobile accident unit).
Quivrin studied film and broadcasting at Hector Berlioz college in Vincennes, before obtaining his Baccalaureat in literature and taking a course in film studies at Nanterre University. However, he soon gave up his studies in favour of launching his professional career. He spent several months at the 'Ecole des Enfants Terribles' drama school and took some further education courses. In spite of this, he always considered himself as having been self-taught.
Career.
Quivrin's film debut came at a young age, when he played the Duke of Anjou, one of the main characters, in Roger Planchon's "Louis, enfant roi" (1992). The film was selected for the 1993 Cannes Festival, where Quivrin was introduced to his first agent. He appeared in several costume dramas, including "Lautrec" by Roger Planchon and Daniel Vigne's "L'enfant des lumières" in 2002, opposite Nathalie Baye. He also played the Count of Nansac in "Jacquou le crocant", a film by Laurent Boutonnat, set in the nineteenth century. In 2007 he played the young Louis IX in "Jean de la fontaine, le defi".
Quivrin then appeared in "L'Outremangeur" and in "Grande Ecole". In 2005 he landed the part of Detective Nerteaux in the big-budget film "L'empire des loups" alongside Jean Reno. It was a huge commercial success and boosted Quivrin's career.
Quivrin made his first television appearance as Babar in "", which featured a group of children on holiday in the 1990s.
In 2001 he gained a certain notoriety in the eyes of the French public, playing the title role in "Rastignac ou les ambitieux", Alain Tasma's TV adaptation of the novel by Honoré de Balzac. Quivrin's performance was highly acclaimed and the newspapers were full of praise. "Le Figaro" called him “flamboyant” while Le Monde found him “extremely seductive”. He consequently received the award for Best Actor at the Television film festival in Luchon.
At the same time as pursuing his career in television and film, Quivrin was also acting on stage. In 2003 he played Lord Darlington in "Lady Windermere's Fan" by Oscar Wilde, along with Caroline Cellier and Melanie Doutey, directed by François-Louis Tilly. He appeared at the 2008 Avignon Festival in "Do you love me?" a play by Redjep Mitrovistas.
Quivrin had supporting roles in two internationally successful, Oscar-winning films: "Elizabeth" (1998) and "Syriana" (2005). In "99 francs", Jan Kounen's adaptation of the eponymous novel by Frédéric Beigbeder, Quivrin tackled his first comedy role. He played the colleague of Jean Dujardin, an arrogant, depressive advertising executive. His performance was deemed “excellent” by "Le Monde" and earned him the Prix Lumière for Most Promising Male Newcomer, the Patrick Dewaere prize and a César nomination for Most Promising Male Newcomer in 2008.
In 2006, Quivrin wrote and directed a short film entitled "Acteur", which was intended to be both anecdotal and representative of the life of an actor. The film is centred around a conversation between a female director and an auditioning actor and, according to Quivrin, deals with “the clear separation you have to make between your personal and professional lives”. The character of the director, played by Nathalie Baye, was inspired by Catherine Breillat, whom he had met at several auditions.
In 2007, he played "The Nansac's Count" in the film "Jacquou Le Croquant", realised by Laurent Boutonnat.
In 2008, Quivrin appeared in the film "LOL" with Sophie Marceau, Christa Theret and Jérémy Kapone and, a year later, in "À l'aventure" by Jean-Claude Brisseau and "Incognito" with the singer Bénabar and the actor Franck Dubosc. Quivrin's penultimate film, "La famille Wolberg" was released in France in December 2009. His final film, "Ensemble, c'est trop" by Léa Fazer, was released in France in February 2010.
Death.
Quivrin died in a car accident on Autoroute A13 on the evening of Sunday 15 November 2009. He had lost control of his Ariel Atom (a small but powerful open-topped, two-seater car) at the entrance of the Saint-Cloud tunnel. The speedometer was found stopped at 230 km/h (143 mph), although it is not known whether he was actually driving at this speed or it was a consequence of the violent impact. French television and newspapers have reported that the road was wet from rain at the time of the accident.
His funeral took place on 21 November 2009 at the Reformed church on the Avenue de la Grande-Armée in Paris. It was attended by Quivrin's close family and friends, as well as by many stars of stage and screen.
Jocelyn Quivrin is incinerated at the Père-Lachaise cemetery in Paris.
Personal life.
He met his partner, Alice Taglioni, during the filming of "Grande Ecole". Their son, Charlie, was born in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9914986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914986" title="Harthill Royal F.C.">
Harthill Royal F.C.

Harthill Royal F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club based in the Greenrigg area of Harthill, West Lothian. Previously an amateur side called Harthill Royal Bar, the club shortened their name on joining the Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region in 1992. Club colours are royal blue. Their Gibbshill Park ground was previously the home of Polkemmet Juniors F.C. (1937–54, 1974–88) and known as Beechbank Park.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Royal found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division.
Harthill Royal's goalkeeping coach, Tommy Heron, is still playing in goal for the club at the age of 51.

</doc>
<doc id="9914991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9914991" title="Three-banded plover">
Three-banded plover

The three-banded plover, or three-banded sandplover ("Charadrius tricollaris"), is a small wader. This plover is resident in much of eastern and southern Africa and Madagascar, mainly on inland rivers, pools, and lakes. Its nest is a bare scrape on shingle. This species is often seen as single individuals, but it will form small flocks. It hunts by sight for insects, worms and other invertebrates. Three-banded plover has a sharp whistled "weeet-weet" call.
Description.
The adult three-banded plover is 18 cm in length. It has long wings and a long tail, and therefore looks different from most other small plovers in flight, the exception being the closely related Forbes's plover that replaces it in west Africa.
The adult three-banded plover has medium brown upperparts, and the underparts are white except for the two black breast bands, separated by a white band, which give this species its common and scientific names. The head is strikingly patterned, with a black crown, white supercilia extending from the white forehead to meet on the back of the neck, and a grey face becoming brown on the neck. The eye ring and the base of the otherwise black bill are red.
The Madagascan subspecies "C. t. bifrontatus" has a grey band between the bill and the white forehead, and the sides of the head are grey. The sexes are similar, and the juveniles of the nominate and Madagascan subspecies also resemble the adults, although the forehead is brownish for a short time.
This species is distinguished from the larger, darker Forbes’s plover in that the latter species has a brown forehead and lacks a white wingbar.

</doc>
<doc id="9915009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915009" title="Teacher induction">
Teacher induction

Induction is the support and guidance provided to novice teachers and school administrators in the early stages of their careers. Induction encompasses orientation to the workplace, socialization, mentoring, and guidance through beginning teacher practice.
Comprehensive, high-quality induction consists of several key elements:
The New Teacher Center induction model is nationally recognized in the United States for its promotion of new educator development and its impact on teacher retention and student learning.

</doc>
<doc id="9915011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915011" title="Livingston United F.C.">
Livingston United F.C.

Livingston United F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Livingston, West Lothian. The club joined the Scottish Junior Football Association in 1970, having existed as a Juvenile side since 1935. Their home ground is Station Park.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and United found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division. They finished fifteenth (bottom) in their first season in the division.
After an absence of 23 years Livingston gained promotion to the ERJFA Premier Division after just missing our the previous 2 seasons under the guidance of manager Andy Johnstone and have had a complete turnaround of fortune

</doc>
<doc id="9915023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915023" title="Newtongrange Star F.C.">
Newtongrange Star F.C.

Newtongrange Star F.C. is a Scottish junior football club based in the village of Newtongrange, Midlothian. The home ground is New Victoria Park. The facility includes an enclosed pitch with full floodlighting, covered enclosure, changing rooms, with a separate social club. The club also runs an actively used 7 a side all weather pitch, also floodlit.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Star found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division. They finished as champions in their first season in the division and were promoted to the Premier League. The following season they just missed promotion to the Superleague which was achieved the following season 08/09.
While still in the Premier League the Star defeated Superleague teams in their League Cup run, reaching the final against Camelon played at Bathgate. After 90 minutes the games was tied on 1 -1. Going to a penalty shootout the Star won with a series of saves from the Star keeper. This was the first silverware for the club in some 20 years. In the Scottish Junior Cup progress was made to the quarter final only to concede to Kirkintilloch Rob Roy.
The first season in the Superleague ended with a creditable 4th position, after having been in second position for much of the season. However the 2010-11 season with a limited squad was less successful resulting in Graeme Armstrong resigning as manager in February 2011. During his 5 years at the club Armstrong built a team around a few experienced players but mainly younger players with pace and skill. The teams he put out played an expansive game, with fit players playing at a high tempo, but with discipline, which drew plaudits from the supporters of the club and opposition alike.
John Coughlin, an ex player and previously manager of senior clubs like St Mirren, Stenhousemuir and Berwick Rangers stepped in on a temporary basis while a permanent appointment was made.
On 12 May 2011, Alan Miller an ex player and most recently manager of Bonnyrigg Rose was appointed manager. He brought with him his assistants at Bonnyrigg, Ian Black and Finlay Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="9915043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915043" title="Pumpherston F.C.">
Pumpherston F.C.

Pumpherston F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club based in Pumpherston, near Livingston, West Lothian. Their home ground is Recreation Park, with one of the largest pitches in Scottish football. Club colours are gold and black.
The original Pumpherston club was formed in 1896 and played through until 1977. Their greatest achievement was reaching the Scottish Junior Cup final in 1958, losing 2–0 at Hampden Park to Shotts Bon Accord in front of 33,000 spectators. The current club were re-formed in 1990. 
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Pumpherston found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division. They finished fourth in their first season in the division.
The club has no connection to the Scottish charity team, Dukla Pumpherston. 

</doc>
<doc id="9915058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915058" title="Monstrum">
Monstrum

Monstrum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9915059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915059" title="Thiufa">
Thiufa

The thiufa was the highest division of the Visigothic army in Hispania. Based on the known decimal structure of the rest of the army, it seems likely that it was nominally composed of one thousand men. Its commander was called a thiufadus (also "tiuphadus").
Structure.
It is unknown if the "thiufae" were ever actually called into service or if they existed only on paper. Perhaps smaller or larger units formed the actual basis of the Visigothic army.
Etymology.
The term "thiufadus" derives from either the Latin "devotus" or the Germanic "thusundifaths". The mechanism of the transmission via the latter is, however, considered impossible by some. The Latin "devotus" was generally applied by the Ostrogoths and Visigoths to high-ranking Goths in the Gothic language as "thiwadus".
Thiufadus.
A class of officials called the "confiscatores" or "exactores" in the "Codex Theodosianus", "Lex Salica", and "Edictum Chilperici" are referred to in the early Visigothic laws of Theudis as "compulsares vel executores". In the later Visigothic laws, like the "Liber Iudiciorum", they go by various titles: "compulsor exercitus", "servus dominicus", or "thiufadus". The thiufadus was elsewhere called a "vassus regis" (vassal of the king) and "agente in rebus".
The thiufadus, however, was both a military and judicial official. His position is immediately below that of the "comes" (count) or "vicarius" (vicar): a position the same as that of the Frankish "thunginus" or Late Roman "ducenarius". Their position in the army was above that of the "centenarius" (commander of a hundred), but it cannot be positively identified with the position of "millenarius" (commander of a thousand).
The "Liber Iudiciorum" augmented the powers of the "thiufadi". In their double capacity as general and judge they were assisted by "sayos". The "thiufadus", who controlled the countryside, seems to have been weaker than the counts who controlled the "civitates", city districts.

</doc>
<doc id="9915066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915066" title="Man-Child">
Man-Child

Man-Child is the seventeenth album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock. It is arguably one of his most funk influenced albums and it represents his further departure from the "spacey, higher atmosphere jazz," as he referred to it, of his earlier career. Hancock uses more funk based rhythms around the hi-hat, and snare drum. The tracks are characterized by short, repeated riffs by both the rhythm section, horns accompaniment, and bass lines. "Man-Child" features less improvisation from the whole band and more concentrated grooves with brief solos from the horns and Hancock himself on synthesizer and Fender Rhodes piano on top of the repeated riffs. This album features the addition of electric guitar to his new sound, which he started only five years prior to this album with "Fat Albert Rotunda". The guitarists featured on this album were Melvin "Wah-Wah Watson" Ragin, DeWayne "Blackbyrd" McKnight and David T. Walker. Their extensive use of wah-wah pedal and accenting chords on the up-beat rather than the down-beat is what helps to give the album a distinct and funkier rhythm that is broken up by brief periods of stop-time where only the sustained chords are heard from the electric guitar with an open wah pedal. Furthermore the riffs are fast-paced and energetic with repeating patterns that combine with multiple voices (i.e. horns, piano, bass, synthesizer, guitar, brief vocal patterns from Stevie Wonder and Herbie Hancock, and drums/percussion). The horns section in "Hang Up Your Hang-Ups" plays repeated riffs in unison that are alternating answered by electric piano, synthesizer, and electric guitar in brief periods of call and response.
Paul Jackson, Bill Summers, Harvey Mason, Bennie Maupin, and Mike Clark (who replaced Harvey Mason post-1974) formed the core of the group the Headhunters with which Hancock had toured and recorded for the previous three years. This was their final album as a group.
Samples.
Janet Jackson sampled "Hang Up Your Hang Ups" for her song "All Nite (Don't Stop)".
Die Fantastischen Vier sampled "Hang Up Your Hang Ups" for their song "Nenn Ihn Präsident" on their album 4 Gewinnt. 
N.W.A. sampled "Hang Up Your Hang Ups" for their song "100 Miles and Runnin'.

</doc>
<doc id="9915079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915079" title="DC 100 Page Super Spectacular">
DC 100 Page Super Spectacular

DC 100 Page Super Spectacular was a comic book series published by DC Comics from 1971 through 1973, featuring only reprints initially and later including new stories. The "100 Page" count included both sides of the front and back covers as pages. Each numbered issue appearing under this title featured a wrap-around cover with all editorial content and no advertisements. Versions after late 1973 included advertisements.
Publication history.
The "DC 100 Page Super Spectacular" series was the "next wave" of "Giant" comics featuring reprint stories in the company's vast trove of tales during a 1971 editorial transition at DC Comics, when the Superman titles were taken over by Julius Schwartz after the retirement of Mort Weisinger, who had overseen all Superman-related comics since the early 1950s. The first DC Giant was the "80 Page Giant", which ran as an annual and then alternately as its own title and as part of regular, ongoing titles throughout the 1960s. Comics prices increased quickly in the early part of the 1970s. As page count dropped to accommodate the 25¢ price, the 80 Page Giant became simply "Giant" comics and DC then quickly switched to a monthly 52-page format at the 25¢ price point and DC 100 Page Super Spectacular series became the standard for "Giant" comics.
Editorial.
This comic series is one of E. Nelson Bridwell's contributions to DC's history and its growing array of characters. As DC acquired the rights to Quality Comics characters, Fawcett Comics characters, and other folded comics companies' characters, a quick way to secure their rights was by publishing reprints featuring these characters. DC characters such as Johnny Quick made reappearances in these reprints and sometimes gained some popularity among readers. These were stand-alone stories, all written to capture any first-time reader when they were originally published, so the reader needed no real introduction to many of these characters. There were brief synopses provided on the inside cover, identifying and giving background to the characters shown on the wraparound cover and a table of contents that provided any information one would need on Golden Age characters that hadn't been seen in a while. Johnny Quick makes the first of what will turn out to be numerous appearances in many of the 100 Pagers. Quality Comics characters such as Max Mercury (known in the Golden Age as "Quicksilver", and named such on the wraparound cover of DC-11), the Black Condor, the Ray and Doll Man made their first DC Comics appearances in these books.
Collectibility.
While the books languished in relative obscurity in the collector's market for the first 20-odd years of their existence, their "Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide" estimated value from 1973-1995 did not exceed $3.00, these books - particularly the first three issues - have become some of the most sought-after Bronze Age books during the past 10 years (their Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide estimated value has increased from approximately $45.00 to hundreds of dollars each in the 1997-2006 editions). The first three issues were published in relatively small numbers and were entirely editorial content. DC-5, which was a romance comic and, therefore, published in very small numbers, has been heralded as the "rarest of all Bronze Age books" by the Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide. The first issue to feature super-heroes was DC-6, and had a wraparound cover by Neal Adams, featuring the Justice League of America and Justice Society of America, spotlighting Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman (the Earth 2 version, as the Earth 1 version had lost her powers and no longer wore the costume) on the front cover. This issue also listed every comic book character that DC owned in all of the spaces that otherwise would have been occupied by house ads. For the remainder of the series, super-heroes would dominate the title.
Numbering.
The series is numbered oddly. There were no issues 1, 2, or 3. The first three issues published (4, 5, and 6) had subtitles — the first two of which were later used for ongoing comics series. The title ran as a part of regular, ongoing series titles for seven issues with the prefix "DC" added to the numbering (DC-7 through DC-13). It reverted to its own title again (DC-14 through DC-22) utilizing as cover titles the existing titles of regular, ongoing series, but not being part of those regular series' numbering. A planned "DC-23" was mentioned in the letters column of DC-22 by editor E. Nelson Bridwell, but it became "Shazam!" #8 and the Super Spectacular's own numbering disappeared, while advertisements were added. The "DC 100 Page Super Spectacular" title itself was used on another 96 issues of varying regular, ongoing titles through 1975. It began to become a regular version of selected ongoing titles for about a year and then increased its cost to 60¢ with the publishing date of April–May 1974 and continued this pricing until its end. The last 100-Page Super Spectaculars were published with a cover date of March–April 1975.
Other comics in the Super Spectacular format.
Issues of on-going series which used the 100 Page Super Spectacular format include:

</doc>
<doc id="9915092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915092" title="Fabienne Keller">
Fabienne Keller

Fabienne Keller (born in 1959 in Sélestat, Bas-Rhin) was the mayor (Union for French Democracy) of Strasbourg, France, from March 2001 to March 2008.
Education.
Fabienne Keller studied at the Ecole Polytechnique (X 1979) and the National School of Rural Engineering, Water and Forestry. She also graduated with a Masters in Economics from Berkeley.
Career.
She began her career at the Ministry of Agriculture between 1985 and 1988 and was responsible for the management of the French cereal market, moving on to the Ministry of Finance (Treasury Department), where she was responsible for funding agriculture and fisheries.
In 1989, she was appointed CEO to the CIAL bank(Crédit Industriel d'Alsace Lorraine), and then, in 1996, General Manager of Crédit Commercial de France, which she left in 2001, the year of her election as mayor of Strasbourg.
She undertook her military service in the intelligence service of the Mediterranean navy and remains a reserve Lieutenant Commander.

</doc>
<doc id="9915097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915097" title="Bachman Khan">
Bachman Khan

Bachman Khan (circa 1210 - 1239 or 1240) was a ruler of Kimak Khanate. After his land was conquered by Batu, he led a rebellion against the Mongols (see Bachman movement). The rebellion was unsuccessful; Bachman Khan was captured by the Mongols and executed later.
Bachman Khan is mentioned in several Tatar and Nogay legends, some nomad clans originated from Bachman.

</doc>
<doc id="9915098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915098" title="Sauchie F.C.">
Sauchie F.C.

Sauchie Juniors F.C are a Scottish junior football club based in the village of Sauchie, Clackmannanshire. Their home ground is Beechwood Park and club colours are red and white.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Sauchie found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division. They finished second in their first season in the division.
Manager
Fraser Duncan
Assistant Manager
David Beaton
History.
Sauchie Junior Football Club began as Sauchie Juveniles, which was a league for players up to 27 years of age. Sauchie won the Scottish Cup four times (1951/52, 56/57, 57/58 and 59/60). Having won every trophy possible as first class Juveniles, Jimmy Millar, the Secretary decided to go into the Junior grade. In the Club's second season as a Junior team, it won the East Region League Title, using mostly the Juvenile players.
The Park.
Sauchie Juniors started playing at Fairfield Park, Sauchie, but built a new park for themselves - the present ground - Beechwood Park. This has been developed in 2003 with the building of a new stand an enclosure and the erection of floodlights.
Ground Capacity: 5,000 (approx)
Covered Standing Area: 500 (approx)
Seated Stand: 200 (approx)
Bar/Function Suite Capacity: 100 (approx)
Famous Players.
Alan Hansen - Right from the start Sauchie has provided many players who became seniors - including three who became full Scottish Internationalists - Alan Hansen (Partick Thistle and Liverpool), his brother John (Partick Thistle) and Joe Craig (Partick Thistle and Celtic). Jim Wallace went to Dunfermline and won Scottish under 23's and League Caps. More recently Paul McHale moved to Cowdenbeath then Clyde and is now at Dundee.
George Connelly - One other Internationalist player who gave great service to the Club was George Connelly of Celtic, but unlike the others, Sauchie was his last club, not his first.
Famous Cup Wins.
Sauchie Juniors won the East Region, St Michael's Cup twice, in 1972 and 1974. After winning the East Dryburgh Cup in Season 1982/83, the team went on to defeat the other Dryburgh winners, Sunnybank, East Kilbride and Auchinleck Talbot to win the National Dryburgh Trophy.
After a barren spell, in season 2002/03 and then again in 2003/04 we won the Fife and Lothian Cup defeating Glenrothes and then Linlithgow Rose the following season.
The furthest Sauchie has gone in the OVD Scottish Cup is the Quarter Final, when we lost 4 - 2 to Newtongrange Star at Newtongrange in 1970.
In season 2001/02 a team composed mostly of Gairdoch United under 21's, under the guidance of Jan Woojek brought Sauchie out of the doldrums. Willie Irvine and then Neil Duffy continued the growth with Alan McGonigal taking over until he moved on to Super league side Camelon.
Grant Brough took over the reins in season 2008/09 finishing third in the league, and continued into 2009/10 season with his back room staff of Myles Allan and Scott Stenhouse.
At the tail end of 2009/10 season Grant and his back room staff were replaced by Fraser Duncan and David Beaton. They took the team to fourth place finish in the league and gave them a good grounding of what the Junior game is about. New signings were made for the start of the new season and a good blend of players came to Beechwood Park.
In 2011 Fraser and his team won the South East Region League to gain promotion to the Premier League.
In Sauchie's first season in the Premier League, Fraser and his team won the League to gain promotion to the Super League. This was an amazing achievement to be back-to-back League Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="9915119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915119" title="Bizimungu">
Bizimungu

Bizimungu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9915121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915121" title="MV Capt. Steven L. Bennett (T-AK-4296)">
MV Capt. Steven L. Bennett (T-AK-4296)

MV "Capt Steven L. Bennett" (T-AK-4296) is the lead ship of the "Bennett"-class container ships. Originally named TNT "Express", it was built by Samsung Heavy Industries in Koje, South Korea in 1984. MV "Bennett" is named after United States Air Force Medal of Honor recipient Captain Steven L. Bennett. The ship was a Logistics Prepositioning Ship sponsored by the US Air Force. The ship is now in commercial service after the MSC contract ended in October 2012, and was redelivered back to the owners.
Previous owners.
"Bennett" was built in 1984 as "TNT Express" and operated as such under charter by ABC Containerline N.V. of Antwerp, Belgium for the London-based company TNT N.V. until 1991. In 1991, ABC Containerline bought the ship and renamed it "Martha II." On February 14, 1996, the ship was detained in Melbourne, Australia when ABC went into receivership. Den norske Bank of Norway bought the ship later in 1996 and renamed it "Sea Pride." In 1997, the ship was bought by Sealift Incorporated of the United States and on November 20, 1997 given its current name MV "Capt Steven L. Bennett." In the first quarter of 1998, "Bennett" began her prepositioning service under MPS Squadron One in the Mediterranean and as such became MV "Capt Steven L. Bennett" (T-AK-4296).
History.
In 1999, "Bennett" was involved in the NATO peacekeeping mission in Kosovo, where she "off-loaded more than two-thirds of her cargo of U.S. Air Force ammunition containers in Nordenham, Germany, which was distributed to the United Kingdom, Italy and other locations within Germany -- quickly replenishing the Air Force's stockpile in theater."
When the original contract expired in fiscal year 2002, MV "Bennett" "competed for and won a new five-year contract and redeployed to the Mediterranean in October." MV "Bennett", as a ship carrying Air Force cargo, was used extensively during fiscal year 2002 to support Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and the global war on terrorism.
"Bennett" spent much of its time at anchor in the lagoon of Diego Garcia, and was spotted in New Orleans, Louisiana in early 2005. As of 2013, the ship running in world-wide service in the spot cargo trade.
Ship specifics.
"Bennett's" side number, T-AK-4296, gives some information about it. The letter T indicates that it is "assigned to Commander, Military Sealift Command as a type commander." The letters "AK" are reserved for cargo ships. In fact, "Bennett" is actually a conbulker, a flexible design allowing it to carry both containerized and bulk cargo. Fully loaded, it can carry 1,922 containers.
"Bennett", like all MSC container ships, is self-sustaining, meaning that it has cranes which allow it to move cargo without depending on shore-based equipment. This allows "Bennett" to fulfill its mission even in primitive, undeveloped or battle-damaged harbors.
Environmental control.
As "Bennett" carries sensitive electronic cargoes in harsh environments for potentially years at a time, it requires advanced environmental controls. The most obvious is the cocoon, or white fabric shell that covers the ship from holds number nine to three. The cocoon was removed from the ship in 2012 during a shipyard period. The hold climate control equipment was also mothballed. All ships in "Bennett" class "feature climate-controlled cocoons on their weather decks that allow them to carry approximately 50 percent more cargo, while protecting the additional cargo from the marine environment." 
In addition to the cocoon, "Bennett" uses Tidal Engineering Corporation's Control and Monitoring System (TECMS) which monitors and controls the cargo refrigeration and dehumidification controls, as well as providing administrative reports.

</doc>
<doc id="9915128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915128" title="Harry Palmer (actor)">
Harry Palmer (actor)

Harry Palmer (c.1889-1962) was a vaudeville actor in the 1910s who was the inspiration for the musical film "For Me and My Gal".
Palmer was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1889. He grew up always wanted to act, and in 1909, at the age of 20, he made his vaudeville debut at the Palace Theater in Chicago. Just a few years later, Palmer rose to stardom, acting in comedies and musicals by himself, until late 1916 when he teamed up with Joanne 'Jo' Hayden. Their act, "Palmer & Hayden", stayed together until they retired from show business in the 1920s. In mid-1917, the two became engaged.
In September 1917, Hayden's good friend Danny Metcalf, who was supposed to finish medical school, was drafted into the U.S. Army, and was killed in action in World War I on September 29 of that year. Shortly after, Palmer was also drafted into the Army, just before he and Hayden were going to play at The Palace in New York City. Palmer did not want to go to war and purposely damaged his hand so he would not have to go to France. Hayden was going to leave Palmer if he did not serve, so Palmer tried enlisting, but none of the armed services would accept him because of his hand. However, Palmer was accepted to the Red Cross ambulance corps and went overseas in early 1918. Hayden did not leave him or stop the engagement. Palmer saw action in France at Cantigny, the second Battle of Marne, Soissons, St. Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne. Palmer was shot in the shoulder, but survived the war and was discharged from service in 1919.
Palmer and Hayden returned to vaudeville in 1919, and also got married that same year, but did not do many shows afterward. They retired from vaudeville in early 1920s. 
In 1942, Gene Kelly and Judy Garland player Palmer and Hayden in the MGM musical film "For Me and My Gal", directed by Busby Berkeley. The story of the film closely followed the actual events surrounding Palmer's involvement in the First World War, although some details were changed for dramatic purposes, such as making "Danny" Hayden's brother dying in the war instead of a friend. Danny's last name was also used for the character "Jimmy Metcalf", the rival for Hayden's affections.
Harry Palmer died in 1962, at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="9915130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915130" title="Papers of the Continental Congress">
Papers of the Continental Congress

The Papers of the Continental Congress are official records from the first three representative bodies of the original United Colonies and ultimately the United States of America. The First Continental Congress was formed in 1774 to address "intolerable acts" by the British Parliament. It ultimately formed the Second Continental Congress in May 1775 which, through 1781, was famously responsible for the Declaration of Independence and many critical articles establishing the United States of America. The Congress of the Confederation (1781–1789) immediately succeeded it after ratification of the Articles of Confederation and last through the end of the War for American Independence.
These are the important papers, letters, treaties, reports and assorted records—famous and obscure—relating to the formation of the United States government. While they contain exceedingly important reports, many of which may be well-known, they also contain much covering the day-to-day government of a fledgling country.

</doc>
<doc id="9915132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915132" title="List of people born at sea">
List of people born at sea

This is a list of notable people born at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="9915140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915140" title="Stoneyburn F.C.">
Stoneyburn F.C.

Stoneyburn F.C. are a Scottish football club based in Stoneyburn, near Bathgate, West Lothian. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association, they currently play in the East Region South Division. Their home ground is Beechwood Park.
The original Stoneyburn club were founded in 1928 and enjoyed fair success in the 1930s and 40s. The club reached the Scottish Junior Cup semi-finals in 1950, where they finally lost 4–2 after a second replay to eventual winners Blantyre Victoria. During this era, the club built up the ground at Beechwood Park using spoil material from the nearby Foulshiels Colliery, after which their nickname, "the Fulshie" is derived. Despite some record crowds in this era of 12,000 for big cup matches, the club hit hard times and folded in 1958. The current side joined the SJFA in 1983 after some years in the Juvenile and Amateur levels. 
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Stoneyburn found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division. They finished thirteenth in their first season in the division.
Star players 2013
Lee (peewee) Ireland salesman by day bench warmer by weekend.
Michael (madmentalaffhissheedmick) mcinally
Both former players of harthill royal but were freed after 2seasons rooted at the bottom of the worst league in football.

</doc>
<doc id="9915142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915142" title="Christophe Lamaison">
Christophe Lamaison

Christophe Lamaison (born 8 April 1971 in Dax, Landes, France) is a former French rugby union footballer who represented France at international level, and Brive, Agen and Aviron Bayonnais at professional club level. He won 37 caps and is the current all-time leading points scorer for France, with 380 points. Lamaison played most of his rugby as a centre, and possessed reliable distribution and kicking skills, which made up for his only real weakness, a lack of pace. He could also play at fly-half. He made his international debut against South Africa on 30 November 1996 in Paris, and rose to prominence as a key member of France's Grand slam-winning sides of 1997 and 1998. His goalkicking ability also helped Brive reach the Heineken Cup final in 1998 and 1999. 
Lamaison's finest hour came at the 1999 Rugby World Cup in the semifinal against New Zealand at Twickenham. Selected at fly-half for the match, Lamaison scored a full house of points and set up several tries. He scored the first try of the game, but New Zealand hit back, with Jonah Lomu scoring two tries, to lead 24-10 in the second half. Then Lamaison kicked two drop goals and two penalties, bringing the score back to 24-22. In 13 minutes of rugby, the French scored 26 unanswered points and won 43-31 in one of the biggest upsets in Rugby World Cup history.
In 2000, Lamaison almost repeated his semifinal performance against New Zealand, scoring 27 points in a 42-33 victory. In 2004, he stopped his professional rugby union career despite lucrative offers from the English side Saracens and played for Saint-Médard-en-Jalles in the Fédérale 2. He retired from all rugby in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9915148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915148" title="Tranent F.C.">
Tranent F.C.

Tranent Juniors F.C. are a Scottish football club based in the town of Tranent, East Lothian. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association, they currently play in the East Region South Division. Their home ground is Foresters Park and club colours are maroon.
The club's greatest honour was winning the Scottish Junior Cup in 1934–35, defeating Petershill 6–1 at Ibrox Park in front of a crowd of 22,000. This remains the joint record margin of victory in a Junior Cup final. The club were also runners-up to Yoker Athletic in the 1932–33 final after a replay.
Hamish Colgan was appointed Manager of the Club in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9915156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915156" title="West Calder United F.C.">
West Calder United F.C.

West Calder United F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club based in West Calder, West Lothian. Their home ground is Hermand Park. Club colours are red and black.
The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and West Calder found themselves in the fifteen-team East Region, South Division. They finished twelfth in their first season in the division. Currently, the team is managed by Gareth Alexander, and assistant manager Derek Johnston. 

</doc>
<doc id="9915168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915168" title="Barbara Tran">
Barbara Tran

Barbara Tran (born 1968) is an American poet.
Born in New York City, she received her B.A. from New York University and her M.F.A. from Columbia University. She coedited the anthology "Watermark: Vietnamese American Poetry and Prose" (Asian American Writers' Workshop, 1998) and guest edited "Viet Nam: Beyond the Frame", a special issue of "Michigan Quarterly Review" (Fall 2004). She is the recipient of a Lannan Foundation Writing Residency, Bread Loaf Writers' Conference Scholarship, MacDowell Colony Gerald Freund Fellowship, and Pushcart Prize, and is featured in filmmaker Yunah Hong's documentary "Between the Lines: Asian American Women's Poetry". Her first published poetry collection, "In the Mynah Bird's Own Words" (Tupelo Press, 2002), was selected as a PEN/Open Book Award finalist. She is currently at work on a second poetry collection and a novel.

</doc>
<doc id="9915171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915171" title="Forfexicaris">
Forfexicaris

Forfexicaris valida is a species of Lower Cambrian arthropod, the only species in the family Forfexicarididae. It is known from only two specimens from the Maotianshan shale "".
Description.
"F. valida" had a bivalved carapace, like that seen in ostracod crustaceans, which was long and high. It had a pair of stalked eyes, and a pair of great appendages, which closely resemble those of "Occacaris".

</doc>
<doc id="9915178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915178" title="Paulo Ferrari">
Paulo Ferrari

Paulo Andrés Ferrari (born 4 January 1982) is an Italian Argentine football right full back.
Career.
Ferrari grew as a product of Rosario Central, where he had his youth career. He later became a symbol and captain of Central before joining River Plate at the start of the 2006 Apertura tournament. In 2011, following his release from River Plate, Ferrari returned to Rosario Central.

</doc>
<doc id="9915203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915203" title="Andre Smith (offensive tackle)">
Andre Smith (offensive tackle)

Andre Dewayne Smith, Jr. (born January 25, 1987) is an American football offensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Alabama, and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Smith was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He attended Huffman High School in Birmingham, where he was a three-year starter, a two-time All-State selection, and Class 6A Lineman of the Year in 2005. After registering 88 pancake blocks his senior season, Smith was selected “Mr. Football” by the Alabama Sports Writers Association, becoming the only offensive lineman to ever win the honor in the association’s 23-year history. Smith earned High School All-American honors by "USA Today" and was selected to play in the 2006 U.S. Army All-American Bowl. He was also one of four finalists for the 2005 Walter Payton Trophy, given to the nation’s most athletic high school football player.
Regarded as a five-star recruit by both "Rivals.com" and "Scout.com", Smith was listed as the No. 1 offensive lineman by both recruiting services. "Rivals" described him as "one of the most dominant offensive line prospects in the last 10 years," and—after reevaluating their 2005–'09 rankings in February 2009—considered him the best offensive tackle prospect of that period. Mike Farrell of "The Sporting News" called Smith "the best offensive line prospect since Orlando Pace."
College career.
Smith attended the University of Alabama beginning in 2006, he played for coach Nick Saban's Alabama Crimson Tide football team from 2007 to 2008. In his initial year at Alabama, he started all 13 games at left tackle, becoming only the fourth true freshman offensive lineman to start for the Crimson Tide. Smith played at least 65 snaps in 10 of 13 games and played more than 70 snaps five times, while leading the Crimson Tide with 62 pancake blocks. He also scored a touchdown off of a lateral in the 34–31 Independence Bowl loss against Oklahoma State. Smith earned Freshman All-American honors by the "Football Writers Association of America".
In 2007, Smith was a first-team All-Southeastern Conference selection, after starting every game at the left tackle position. He was named Alabama Co-Player of the Week four times during the season.
Smith was recognized as a unanimous All-American in 2008, as well as the 2008 Outland Trophy winner. He was also considered to be one of the best underclassmen for the 2009 NFL Draft. He was also a firs-team All-SEC selection and shared the league's Jacobs Blocking Trophy with Arkansas center Jonathan Luigs. He led the team with 103 key knockdowns and added seven blocks downfield. He was penalized just twice and he allowed just one QB sack and six pressures on 334 pass plays.
On December 29, 2008, Smith was suspended from playing in the 2009 Sugar Bowl,—a game Alabama lost 31–17 to the Utah Utes—, reportedly because he dealt with an agent. A few days later, Smith declared himself eligible for the 2009 NFL Draft, and at the time he was considered a lock to be a Top 5 pick.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Widely believed to be the best run-blocking tackle in the 2009 NFL draft, Smith drew comparisons to Jason Peters. At the 2009 NFL Combine, Smith weighed 332 pounds. He also looked out of shape as he ran 40 yards shirtless, clocking at a slow 5.28, and had a disappointing 19 repetitions on the bench with 225 pounds.
He decided to leave the combine early in order to prepare for Alabama's Pro Day on March 11, 2009. Smith, however, did not inform his group leader at the combine before he left, and later apologized, stating: "If I had the chance to do it all over, I wouldn't have handled it the way I did. I should have told my group leader that I was leaving, and I didn't. I didn't mean to ruffle any feathers or step on any toes. I didn't mean to grandstand anyone at the combine. That was not my intention at all, and I apologize for my mistake." Smith also admitted that he wasn't prepared or in shape.
His Pro Day performance at Alabama on March 11, 2009, was equally unimpressive, although his weight was down to 325 pounds. It was expected that his poor performances at the Combine and at Pro Day would strongly impact his draft positioning. Initially thought of as the best offensive tackle in the draft and a possible No. 1 pick, Smith was moved to third among offensive tackles (commonly behind Jason Smith and Eugene Monroe) after the combine.
Smith was eventually drafted sixth overall by the Cincinnati Bengals. He was the first Alabama offensive lineman selected in the first round of an NFL Draft since Chris Samuels in 2000.
Cincinnati Bengals.
With run-blocking being his premier quality, Smith was projected to start at right tackle for the Bengals. However, after a 30-day contract impasse, Smith missed all of training camp and three preseason games, before eventually signing his contract on August 30, 2009. It is believed that Smith was looking for a five-year, $40 million deal, but was signed to a four-year contract with only $21 million guaranteed. The Bengals also have an option in his contract after the 2010 season to make it a six-year, $42 million agreement. Just days after ending his holdout, Smith fractured his left foot during a non-contact drill at training camp. On December 13, 2009, Smith was credited with his first official start when usual starting right tackle Dennis Roland lined up as the extra tight end in the Bengals unbalanced line. That season Smith played in six games.
On November 13, 2010, the Bengals placed Smith on injured reserve with a broken foot, ending his season after playing in seven of the eight regular season games to that date.
In the 2011 NFL pre-season, it was reported that he was working out and getting fully fit. It was also reported that in the pre-season, he spoke with the Bengals starting left tackle, Andrew Whitworth, about how "it's my time to step up." The 2011 season became Smith's breakout year, and he became the starting right tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals.
On April 26, 2013, Smith re-signed with the Bengals. It was reported by NFL.com's Ian Rapoport that Smith agreed to a three-year, $18 million contract during the second round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Personal.
Smith is the son of Andre, Sr. and Nesa Smith. His younger brother, Christian Smith, formerly played wide receiver and cornerback at Hampton University. He is also a cousin of Dominic Lee, a former defensive lineman for the Alabama Crimson Tide and Desmond Jennings, outfielder of the Tampa Bay Rays.
On January 18, 2013, Smith was arrested after allegedly bringing a gun into the Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9915228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915228" title="Maxime Rodriguez">
Maxime Rodriguez

Maxime Rodriguez, born in Colombes, France, is a French composer. Many of his works, such as "Esperanza", "Child of Nazareth", and "Tango Volver", "D'Artagnan", "Coeur Brave", "L'enfant pur", have been used for figure skating programs.
He made compositions and musical productions for international figure skaters such as Philippe Candeloro, Sarah Abitbol / Stephane Bernadis, Stanick Jeannette, Marina Anissina / Gwendal Peizerat, Johnny Weir, Isabelle Delobel / Olivier Schoenfelder, Stephane Lambiel, Brian Joubert and many others. His first CD : "Synphonie sur Glace" Edited by EMI Music in 2000.
He also made original soundtrack for film documentaries diffused on Canal+, Sport+ and France Television. He is musical director, composer and singer in professional ice skating shows in Japan, France and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9915233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915233" title="University of Toulouse II – Le Mirail">
University of Toulouse II – Le Mirail

Université Toulouse II or University of Toulouse II (known by the name of "Université de Toulouse-Jean Jaurès" since 2014 and formerly "Université de Toulouse-Le Mirail", or UTM) is one of 3 universities in Toulouse, France.
The campus, situated in Toulouse's grand architectural project of the 1960s, Le Mirail, was conceived and built by the team of architects Candilis, Josic, Woods.
Mirail University was hastily conceived as a result of the saturation of the original buildings in the city centre and of course the events of May 1968. At that time it was decided to divide the University of Toulouse into three: The law faculty became Université Toulouse I, occupying all the old university buildings, the humanities faculty became Université de Toulouse II – Le Mirail, named after its new location, and the departments of science and medicine became Université Paul Sabatier (Toulouse III). In 1969, a fourth university in Toulouse was created, Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse, a school of engineering.
After the opening of many extensions (one of which was situated in military barracks) in order to free up the university in the city centre, the campus in Le Mirail opened its doors one section at a time starting in 1971, and completed the transfer by 1973. Planned for 11,000 students, the university today is a victim of its own success, with a student population of roughly 27,500.
As the humanities university of Toulouse, it is organised into many pedagogical components: UFRs ("unités de formation et de recherche") and university institutes. It is also host to a number of student groups and associations, including the theater troupe Les Soeurs Fatales and the irreverent student-run newspaper The Mariner.

</doc>
<doc id="9915262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915262" title="Prostaglandin D2">
Prostaglandin D2

Prostaglandin D2 (or PGD2) is a prostaglandin that binds to the receptor PTGDR, as well as CRTH2. It is a major prostaglandin produced by mast cells – recruits Th2 cells, eosinophils, and basophils. In mammalian organs, large amounts of PGD2 are found only in the brain and in mast cells. It is critical to development of allergic diseases such as asthma.
Research carried out in 1989 found PGD2 is the primary mediator of vasodilation (the "niacin flush") after ingestion of niacin (nicotinic acid).
A 2012 research paper indicates a causal link between elevated levels of localized PGD2 and hair growth inhibition. Applied topically, the researchers found PGD2 prevents hair growth, and mice that were genetically inclined to produce higher levels of PGD2 had inhibited hair growth. The researchers also found PGD2 levels were much higher in balding scalp tissue than nonbalding scalp tissue, through increased levels of prostaglandin D2 synthase. The paper suggested that inhibition of hair growth involved binding of PGD2 to a receptor called GPR44, and that GPR44 therefore would be a therapeutic target for androgenic alopecia in both men and women with hair loss and thinning. Because PGD2's relation to asthma has been known for several years, several drugs that seek to reduce the effect of PGD2 through blocking the GPR44 are already in clinical trials.
Latest Research.
In August 2012, Scientists at the University of Pennsylvania announced that they had discovered PGD2 was present on the scalp of balding men at far higher levels than normal, preventing hair follicles from maturing and therefore stopping them from working and growing hair. Dr. George Cotsarelis and his dermatological team at the University say that they are in talks with several pharmaceutical companies about developing treatments which could be available in two years.

</doc>
<doc id="9915274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915274" title="Edward Lewine">
Edward Lewine

Edward Lewine (born 1967 in New York City) is an American author and freelance journalist who has written extensively for "The New York Times".
Lewine has also written for "Details" and Slate.com. He was a staff writer at the "New York Daily News" and has done film reviews for MSNBC. He is the author of two books. "Death and the Sun," an account of a year in the life of a Spanish matador and "What's a Homeowner To Do?" a humorous and informative guide to living in and taking care of a house. Lewine began his career in the art world. He was the head of the Old Master Drawings Department at Christie's New York in the early 1990s.
Personal.
One of Lewine's professors at the Columbia University School of Journalism was Ari L. Goldman.
Lewine is married to Margaret Liberman, who was named web editor of "The New York Times Magazine" in March 2007 and has been Newsroom Editor for Blogs since 2011.
Lewine is the son of Milton J. Lewine, a professor of art history at Columbia University, and Carol F. Lewine, a professor emerita of art history at Queens College.
His son and daughter are currently attending school in Brooklyn New York Park Slope.
His wife edits blogs for The New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="9915288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915288" title="Prostaglandin receptor">
Prostaglandin receptor

There are currently ten known prostaglandin receptors on various cell types. Prostaglandins bind to a subfamily of cell surface seven-transmembrane receptors, G-protein-coupled receptors.
These receptors are named:
The names of these receptors correspond to the prostaglandin that they bind ("e.g.", DP1-2 receptors bind to PGD2).

</doc>
<doc id="9915312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915312" title="Aska (singer)">
Aska (singer)

Aska, (born on February 24, 1958, Ono, now part of Onojō, Fukuoka) is a Japanese singer-songwriter.
Aska is best known for work as part of the music duo Chage and Aska. As a composer, he wrote most of the principal hit songs for the duo, such as "Morning Moon", "Love Song", "Say Yes", and "Meguriai". Over half of their released singles were written by him.
He has also written for many singers and groups in addition to Chage and Aska. In particular, his songwriting for Hikaru Genji in the late 1980s produced some of his most notable works. He began a solo career in 1987, and was highly successful in the first half of the 1990s. His most well-known song as a solo singer is "Hajimari wa Itsumo Ame" (The Start Is Always Rain), which was a single from his second solo album. The song reached #2 on oricon and sold over 1,160,000 copies. Success of this song lead him to widespread popularity across East Asia. He was arrested on 17th May 2014 due to possession of illegal drugs.
External Links.
Shigeaki Miyazaki known as Aska [http://music-chage-aska.tripod.com]

</doc>
<doc id="9915335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915335" title="HIV Vaccine Trials Network">
HIV Vaccine Trials Network

The HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN) is a non-profit organization which connects physicians and scientists with activists and community educators for the purpose of conducting clinical trials seeking a safe and effective HIV vaccine. Collaboratively, research professionals and laypeople review potential vaccines for safety, immune response, and efficacy. The HVTN is the only HIV vaccine research network sponsored nationwide by the American government. It also manages the only large-scale HIV vaccine research trial network in Africa.
The HVTN collaborates with the Division of Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (DAIDS). Funding comes from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and National Institutes of Health, which oversee DAIDS. HVTN is headquartered at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle. The vaccines being tested come from various producers, both commercial and non-profit. The HVTN is a network for testing vaccines, and while its members may also work in vaccine development for other entities, the mission of the HVTN does not include vaccine design.
Community involvement.
Typically, researchers conduct clinical research on human subjects by asking volunteers to give informed consent to participate in an experiment by taking drugs that have not always been proven safe or effective in humans, though their safety has been tested (usually in animals) prior to any human trials. At the HVTN, many current vaccine studies are using products with a safety record that has been established in previous human trials.
The Nuremberg Code, the Declaration of Helsinki, and the Belmont Report are legal documents written in layman's terms which local governments use to model their laws for establishing rules for conducting clinical trials, and all contemporary clinical trials of international worth follow all the rules set by these precedents.
However, HIV vaccine research requires more than just these protections, and because of this, from the inception of their research the HVTN has instituted a "community advisory board" (CAB) system in addition to the usual controls. The CAB is similar to an Institutional Review Board (IRB) in that the researchers facilitate the granting of public data to both entities, but the difference is that the IRB consists of a professional ethics committee and the CAB consists of any community member who wants to supervise the safety, ethics, efficacy, or any other aspect of the research.
The researchers of the HVTN deemed the creation of the CAB necessary for HIV vaccine research when it has not been necessary for other clinical research because the HIV epidemic is especially urgent, new research techniques are available now that did not exist before recent major advances in genetic engineering, the public is generally overly-willing to volunteer to receive experimental vaccines for this cause, and yet the educational infrastructure already in place to disseminate information about the inherent risk in participating in vaccine research is lacking in society. For too many reasons, there is no precedent for research of this sort on this scale, and without integrating educational programs about this research into existing community institutions, the HVTN simply could not educate people to the required level to make such a fast-moving, expensive, inherently non-commercial research project possible.
African HIV vaccine research trials.
In 2003 the HVTN partnered with Harvard University in establishing a small-scale vaccine trials unit in Botswana. A major reason for this project was gathering data about the prevalence of HIV in Africa and assessing the feasibility of getting grassroots support for vaccine trials in non-American culture.
In 2007 HVTN started the first large-scale HIV vaccine trials in Africa, with financial assistance from the SA Aids Vaccine Initiative. These studies will last until 2011 and include up to 3000 participants.
One of those trials begun in 2007, the Phambili Trial, was halted in 2007 due to its similarity to the ineffective vaccine used in the American STEP study.
STEP study.
STEP was the name for a double-blind randomized controlled trial managed by the HVTN. It was thoroughly reviewed when a greater number of participants in the experimental group contracted HIV than the participants in the control group. The vaccine contained no HIV and no one could have contracted HIV from the vaccine, but there was intense discussion as to whether the vaccine could have increased anyone's risk of contracting HIV. Because the study was stopped early, it probably will never be possible to determine why more participants in the experimental group contracted HIV, but various theories have been proposed.
Current projects.
HVTN 505.
On October 1, 2009, the HVTN began a new clinical trial called HVTN 505. HVTN 505 is a project to examine whether a particular DNA prime/boost
vaccine regimen will reduce viral load in individuals who later become infected with HIV. The experimental vaccine used in this study was developed by the Vaccine Research Center at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Study organizers do not expect that this vaccine will prevent HIV infection and thus this vaccine is not planned for licensing, but it is expected to cause a response that will help researchers decide how to direct future vaccine trials.

</doc>
<doc id="9915337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915337" title="Christ Stopped at Eboli (film)">
Christ Stopped at Eboli (film)

Christ Stopped at Eboli () is a 1979 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Carlo Levi. It was directed by Francesco Rosi and stars Gian Maria Volonté as Carlo Levi, with Paolo Bonacelli, Alain Cuny, Léa Massari, and Irene Papas.
The film won the Golden Prize at the 11th Moscow International Film Festival and was shown out of competition at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival. The film received the first BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1982.
Plot.
Carlo Levi was a painter and writer, but he also had a degree in medicine. Arrested in 1935 by Mussolini's regime for his anti-Fascist activities, he was sent to live in a remote town in southern Italy, in the region of Lucania which is known today as Basilicata. The landscape was beautiful, the peasantry poor and neglected. Since the local doctors were not interested in peasants and not trusted by them, he began to help them.

</doc>
<doc id="9915348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915348" title="Steve Swetonic">
Steve Swetonic

Stephen Albert Swetonic (August 13, 1903 – April 22, 1974) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball, who played his entire career for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1929 through 1935. Swetonic batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Mount Pleasant, Pennsylvania.
Swetonic provided a solid support in Pirates' pitching staffs of the early 1930s that included Larry French, Burleigh Grimes, Waite Hoyt, and Ray Kremer. His most productive season came in 1932, when he went 11–6 with a career-high 2.82 ERA and tied for the National League lead with four shutouts. In 1933 he recorded career-numbers in wins (12), starts (21), and innings pitched (164 ⅔ ). His career ended prematurily at the age of 28 because of a chronic sore arm.
Swetonic went to spring training with the Boston Braves in 1934 but did not play in the regular season. In a March 24 game against the Philadelphia Athletics, in St. Petersburg, Florida, he yielded four runs in the first inning.
In March 1935, Swetonic was in spring training with the New York Giants team in Miami Beach, Florida. He tossed the final three innings of an intrasquad game between teams captained by Carl Hubbell and Freddie Fitzsimmons on February 28.
In a five-season career, Swetonic posted a 37–36 record with 154 strikeouts and a 3.81 ERA in 595 ⅓ innings. He died in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, at age 70.

</doc>
<doc id="9915349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915349" title="WWF Canadian Championship">
WWF Canadian Championship

In August 1985, the World Wrestling Federation took over the Montreal-based International Wrestling (Lutte Internationale) promotion. Upon joining the WWF roster, IW mainstay Dino Bravo was billed as the WWF Canadian Champion in some Canadian cities until January 1986, when the title was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9915355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915355" title="D3hoops.com">
D3hoops.com

D3hoops.com is a website that covers men's and women's NCAA Division III college basketball. D3hoops.com is most noted for its Top 25 poll of Division III schools, featured on the website of the NCAA. The site is run by Patrick Coleman and has been featured in Sports Illustrated, ESPN Magazine, the Wall Street Journal, CSTV, and ESPN. The site has been online since 1997. 
History.
D3hoops.com started as Division III Basketball Online in January 1995, when it was created by the Centennial Conference office and commissioner Steve Ulrich. Pat Coleman took over operation of the site in November 1997 and moved it to a server at Gallaudet University. The following February, the traffic to Division III Basketball Online overwhelmed Gallaudet's server, and Coleman was asked to remove the site. It took the domain www.d3hoops.com and was activated on Feb. 4, 1998.
When Coleman began a football site in the summer of 1999, named D3football.com, Division III Basketball Online was renamed D3hoops.com to match its partner site.

</doc>
<doc id="9915357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915357" title="Daniel J. O'Keefe">
Daniel J. O'Keefe

Daniel J. O'Keefe (born 1950) is an American communication and argumentation theory scholar. He is the Owen L. Coon Professor in the Department of Communication Studies at Northwestern University. His research concerns persuasion and argumentation, with a focus on meta-analytic synthesis of research concerning persuasive message effects. This program of work often addresses the question of whether normatively good argumentation contributes to persuasive success.
O'Keefe is the author of "Persuasion: Theory and Research" (ISBN 0-761-92539-2), a review of empirical research on persuasion. His work has been published in the "Journal of Communication", "Human Communication Research", "Communication Monographs", "Communication Theory", "Communication Yearbook", "Argumentation", "Quarterly Journal of Speech", "Argumentation and Advocacy", and other journals.
Awards.
From the National Communication Association:
From the American Forensic Association:
From the International Communication Association:
From the International Society for the Study of Argumentation:
From the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign:
From Northwestern University:

</doc>
<doc id="9915383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915383" title="Rubik (band)">
Rubik (band)

Rubik was a Finnish indie pop/rock band known for its unique style of rich sound, complex but well-contained arrangements, changing rhythms and melodies ranging from playful and danceable to wistful and delicate.
The band started to emerge in the late '90s in the eastern Finnish town of Kuopio where the drummer Sampa Väätäinen and the singer Artturi Taira began playing together joined later by the keyboardist/guitarist Samuli Pöyhönen. They became Rubik in 2003 when they played their first live show. The band released their debut EP "People Go Missing" in 2004 through New Music Community, causing a stir in the indie scene.
The band's first full-length album, titled "Bad Conscience Patrol", was released in March 2007 through Fullsteam Records and met with excitement in Finland. Following the release, the band toured in Finland, the US and Canada and performed at European festivals.
Their second album entitled "Dada Bandits" was released on April 1, 2009. In the review of the album Spin Magazine wrote: "ADHD'd Finns explode piano balladry, spacey synths, drum blarts, mariachi brass, and a hypnotic chorus, then let the pieces fall into place". "Listening to Dada Bandits, it's hard not to feel that Rubik's done more-rather than following international trends, they're showing us all the way forward", wrote Nylon Magazine. Filter Magazine described "It's pure prog for now people… or perhaps No Wave for those with less access to cheap heroin. Freaky." The band toured in Finland and in Europe and twice in the US, first in autumn 2009 and again in summer 2010 playing with mewithoutYou. After the US tour the band played at Roskilde festival in Denmark and Øya festival in Norway in summer 2010.
The third full-length album "Solar" was released March 23, 2011 receiving praising critiques both in the Finnish and international media. When reviewing the album, Die Zeit wrote: "'Solar' offers an array of songs with almost flawless pop structures." The blog Burning Ear described the album's songs as follows: "'World Around You' is a toy train on steroids as it careens its day-glo body around beautifully sloping railways on a summer afternoon. 'Storm In a Glass of Water' and 'Solar Death March (In Octaves)' showcase their knack for making beautiful music even when stripped down to its barest bones. And all that is less than half the album." The Finnish music monthly Sue named "Solar" "a modern Finnish national treasure, 9/10".
A juxtaposition of light and dark courses throughout "the Solar". The album was written and recorded during the summer 2010 in a former movie theatre in Kulttuuritalo (Finnish for "The House of Culture"), designed by Alvar Aalto and built by leftist volunteers in the 1950s. "Every morning we put on our work clothes, had a morning meeting at 9am in the Kulttuuritalo of Culture café and then went to work on the songs underground until 3am. It was 25 degrees outside and we were in darkness", Rubik has told of the writing and recording process. The album was mixed by Ben Allen who has also mixed albums for M.I.A, Cut Copy, Deerhunter and Animal Collective. The months following the release the band toured all over Finland. From May to June Rubik toured in Europe playing also at the Primavera festival in Barcelona being the first Finns ever to play at this top indie-rock festival. The same summer the band played at all the major festivals in Finland. In September 2011 Rubik began a two-month tour heading to Europe, Mexico's Cervantino festival and the US playing 38 concerts altogether.
The band has been acclaimed for its devoted performance. In concerts there are up to ten musicians on stage playing instruments from the clockwork to the gong and exchanging them with each other. Also when writing and recording songs Rubik tries to abandon traditional roles in the band and aims for a more ego-free and collective process focused on ideas.
On November 11, 2013 bandleader Artturi Taira announced via the band's official Facebook page that the group had decided to disband with a farewell concert planned for December 20. Rubik released their final music video for the song "We Are Like Fallen Leaves" (from the "Tehdas: Fake Music Mixtape" release) two days after this farewell concert on December 22.

</doc>
<doc id="9915387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915387" title="Jem Smith">
Jem Smith

Jem Smith (21 January 1863 – 10 September 1931) was a bare knuckle prize fighter in the late 19th century and into the early 20th century in England.
Early career.
In 1881 he fought his first bare-knuckle prizefight aged 18 years. In 1889, he won the last internationally recognized bare-knuckle prizefight that was fought in Bruges, Belgium.
Titles.
Smith fought his first heavyweight title fight in 1884 against Woolf Bendoff in the West End of London, England and won by TKO in the 13th round. In 1891 he fought his last BBBC fight against Ted Pritchard in New Cross, also in London, England and lost by a TKO in the 3rd round.

</doc>
<doc id="9915493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915493" title="Realitopia">
Realitopia

Realitopia is a term used to refer to the best possible or maximized community within the common interest community structure. The combination of the terms realistic and utopia show that while a theoretical utopia is impossible to implement, communities can still strive for the best possible communities by maximizing social capital and the sense of community with a common-interest community.
The term is not necessarily limited to the common-interest community (CIC) context, but can be used to describe the best realistic society for a particular community structure.

</doc>
<doc id="9915505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915505" title="DJ EZ">
DJ EZ

DJ EZ (pronounced E-Zed) is a DJ from Tottenham, North London, specialising in British garage music.
Biography.
In 1989, at the age of 15, EZ (known at the time as Easy O) started his radio career on a pirate radio station called Dance 93FM playing house music, where he remained for 4 years. In early 1994, EZ set up his own pirate radio station based in Tottenham called Dimension FM, playing mostly hardcore dance music, rave music and house music. Dimension FM didn't last long due to being closed down by the authorities. EZ then landed himself a 4-hour Saturday and Sunday morning show from 8.00am to 12.00pm on another pirate station - Freek 101.8 FM (it was at this time that he changed his name from Easy O to EZ). As EZ started getting more well known he was given extra show time and was also made a member of the station's management team. DJ EZ then started his own weekly club night called Club Z at the Gas Club in central London. DJ bookings for EZ started to soar and he was playing an average of 4 clubs a night every weekend.
DJ EZ on Kiss 100.
EZ's first time on commercial radio was as a guest on high profile Kiss 100 DJ Steve Jackson's breakfast show (Morning Glory) and house DJs Bobby & Steve's show. The guest appearances became more and more frequent and EZ was offered the chance to stand in for Tuff Jam on a few occasions when they were not able to attend to perform their 2-hour show.
In November 1999, Kiss 100 offered EZ a permanent show on Tuesday mornings from 2.00am to 4.00am. Due to its success, the show was moved to a Friday night (Saturday morning) slot from midnight to 2.00am, directly after Bobby & Steve's show.
In 2000, after coming ninth place in a Kiss 100 Top DJ of the Year poll, DJ EZ was given a primetime show on Saturday nights from 7.00pm to 9.00pm, called 'Saturday Satisfaction', and another show on Friday nights from 10.00pm to 11.00pm, called 'The Hour of Power'.
In 2002, his Saturday show changed to the earlier time of 5.00pm to 7.00pm.
In 2004, he won awards for Best DJ, Best Old Skool DJ and Best Radio Show at the People's Choice Music Awards in London.
DJ EZ currently hosts a popular UK garage radio show called 'Destination Weekend' on London's Kiss 100 every Friday night from 10pm. He does a 2-hour show packed with old skool classics and the latest tunes from the UK garage world and featuring occasional special guests. With him always is his sidekick Winston.
As of 4 September 2009, the 'Destination Weekend' show was expanded to air across the entire Kiss network. This includes South Wales and South West England, covered by Kiss 101 and the East of England, covered by Kiss 105.
From 8 March 2008 until 1 November 2008, DJ EZ hosted a second Kiss radio show titled 'The Bassline Mix'. This was broadcast on Saturday nights from 10.00pm to 11.00pm across the Kiss Network (Kiss 100, Kiss 101 and Kiss 105-108). The show featured UK garage and bassline anthems mixed non-stop by EZ.
"Pure Garage" CDs.
In January 2000, Warner Music chose DJ EZ to mix "Pure Garage", a new garage compilation CD. "Pure Garage" went on to receive platinum record sales and peaked at number two in the UK national compilation chart. This led to a series of albums mixed by DJ EZ. The "Pure Garage" series is the most acknowledged and best-selling UK garage compilation series to date. As of September 2007, the "Pure Garage" series had sold over 1.7 million records.
Ministry of Sound CDs.
On 16 May 2009, EZ announced on his Kiss radio show that his next UK garage compilation CD will be released by Ministry of Sound on 15 June 2009. It was called "Ministry of Sound Presents DJ EZ - The Essential Garage Collection" and contained over 50 tracks on 3 CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="9915510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915510" title="Electronic Staff Record">
Electronic Staff Record

The Electronic Staff Record or ESR is an Oracle-based human resources and payroll database system currently used by 586 units of the National Health Service (NHS) in England and Wales to manage the payroll for 1.2 million NHS staff members. The Electronic Staff Record application is managed by McKesson Corporation for the NHS.
Implementation.
Starting in 2006, groups of around 50 units were implemented every two months. Implementation of ESR was completed in March 2008 when the last of twelve groups went live. 
The implementation of ESR is one of the largest I.T. implementations in the world and replaced 29 payroll systems and approximately 38 human resources systems used throughout the NHS. The NHS is fifth largest employer in the world as of March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9915535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915535" title="Look Me in the Heart">
Look Me in the Heart

"Look Me in the Heart" is a song by recording artist Tina Turner. It was written by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly and produced by Dan Hartman for her 1989 "Foreign Affair". Released as a single in 1990, it reached number 23 on the Irish Singles Chart and number 31 in the United Kingdom. In the United States, it reached the top five of the Adult Contemporary chart. The single was released in a variety of formats including a live recording of the "Private Dancer" track "Steel Claw", remixes of "Look Me in the Heart" and the 1987 "Tina Turner Montage Mix", a nine minute megamix including tracks from "Private Dancer" and "Break Every Rule".

</doc>
<doc id="9915540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915540" title="Louvain-la-Neuve Phoenix">
Louvain-la-Neuve Phoenix

Louvain-la-Neuve Phoenix is a baseball club in Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium. It is a member of the LFBBS.

</doc>
<doc id="9915569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915569" title="GAINSCO">
GAINSCO

GAINSCO () is an American auto insurance company headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The company was founded in October 1978 by Joseph Macchia and currently markets its products through independent insurance agents across the Sunbelt. GAINSCO sponsors the No. 99 GAINSCO/Bob Stallings Racing Daytona Prototype racecar in the Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series.

</doc>
<doc id="9915572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915572" title="Peptide PHI">
Peptide PHI

Peptide PHI (or peptide histidine isoleucine) is a peptide which functions as a hormone.
It plays a role in the regulation of prolactin in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="9915608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915608" title="Piano Quintet No. 2 (Dvořák)">
Piano Quintet No. 2 (Dvořák)

Antonín Dvořák's Piano Quintet No. 2 in A major, Op. 81, B. 155, is a quintet for piano, 2 violins, viola, and cello. It was composed between August 18 and October 8 of 1887, and was premiered in Prague on January 6, 1888. The quintet is acknowledged as one of the masterpieces in the form, along with those of Schubert, Schumann, Brahms and Shostakovich.
Background.
The work was actually composed as the result of the composer’s attempt to revise an earlier work, Piano Quintet in A major, Op. 5. Dvořák was dissatisfied with the Op. 5 quintet and destroyed the manuscript not long after its premiere. Fifteen years later, he reconsidered and retrieved a copy of the score from a friend and started making revisions. However, he decided that rather than submitting the revised work for publication, he would compose an entirely new work. The new quintet is a mixture of Dvorak's personal form of expressive lyricism as well as a utilization of elements from Czech folk music. Characteristically those elements include styles and forms of song and dance, but not actual folk tunes; Dvorak created original melodies in the authentic folk style.
Structure.
The music has four movements:
It has a duration of approximately 40 minutes.
The first movement opens quietly with lyrical cello theme over piano accompaniment which is followed by a series of elaborate transformations. The viola introduces the second subject which is another lyrical melody, but much busier than the cello's stately line. Both themes are developed extensively by the first and second violins and the movement closes with a free recapitulation and an exuberant coda. 
The second movement is labeled "Dumka" which is a form that Dvořák famously used in his Dumky piano trio and features a melancholy theme on the piano separated by fast, happy interludes. It follows the pattern A-B-A-C-A-B-A where A, in F-sharp minor, is the slow elegiac refrain on piano with variations, B is a bright D major section on violins and C is a quick and vigorous section derived from the opening refrain. Each time the "Dumka" (A) section returns its texture is enriched. 
The third movement is marked as a Furiant which is a fast Bohemian folk dance. The cello and viola alternate a rhythmic pizzicato underneath the main tune of the first violin. The slower trio section of the scherzo is also derived from the "furiant" theme, with the piano and violin alternating between the main melodies. The fast Bohemian folk dance returns and the movement finishes aggressively, setting up for the polka in the last movement.
The "Finale" is light-hearted and spirited. The second violin leads the theme into a fugue in the development section. In the coda, Dvořák writes "tranquillo" for a chorale-like section, which features the theme of the movement this time in augmentation and played pianissimo, before the pace quickens with an accelerando, and the quintet rushes to the finish.

</doc>
<doc id="9915610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915610" title="Tornado family">
Tornado family

A tornado family is a series of tornadoes spawned by the same supercell thunderstorm. These families form a line of successive or parallel tornado paths and can cover a short span or a vast distance. Tornado families are sometimes mistaken as a single continuous tornado, especially prior to the 1970s. Sometimes the tornado tracks can overlap and expert analysis is necessary to determine whether or not damage was created by a family or a single tornado. In some cases, such as the Hesston-Goessel, Kansas tornadoes of March 1990, different tornadoes of a tornado family merge, making discerning whether an event was continuous or not even more difficult.
Some tornado damage remains a mystery even today due to a lack of evidence. The Tri-State Tornado of March 1925 was one such tornado. It could either have been the longest single tornado recorded or a family of tornadoes. A thorough re-analyses project found that it was probably one continuous tornado for most of its path, likely bounded by separate tornadoes at the beginning and end of the very long track (VLT) tornado, and likely another significant tornado spawned many miles later. However, many other exceptionally VLT events were later found to be tornado families with much shorter tornado path segments than originally thought, notably the Woodward, Oklahoma tornado family of April 1947 and the Charleston-Mattoon, Illinois tornado family of May 1917.
Tornado families can be a result of satellite tornadoes, cyclic tornadogenesis, or some combination thereof. Intense downbursts may also cause damage paths to appear continuous, although this was more an issue for historic tornadoes as such damage usually is now distinguishable as from straight-line winds. Especially when newly forming, tornadoes may sometimes exhibit brief breaks in the damage path even as the parent circulation is continuous. Such events may be considered as "skipping", a term that originally referred to what now is typically a tornado family. Successive tornadoes may be considered by some as separate tornadoes (and thus constituting a tornado family) only when spawned by a new tornadocyclone or low-level mesocyclone (and wall cloud).

</doc>
<doc id="9915619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915619" title="Martin's Potato Chips">
Martin's Potato Chips

Martin's Potato Chips is a manufacturer of potato chips, popcorn, and other salted snack foods. Martin's headquarters is located in south-central Pennsylvania, at 5847 Lincoln Highway West in Thomasville; the company distributes to retailers in Pennsylvania and Maryland. It was founded by Harry and Fairy Martin in 1941. Ken Potter Jr. is president and Chief Executive Officer. 
Martin's potato chips have been served on Air Force One during the terms of presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. The company sponsors the York Revolution professional baseball team of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. Martin's recycles its waste byproducts, using potato peels and refuse from the potato cleaning process for cattle feed and fertilizer. The company's plant offers factory tours.

</doc>
<doc id="9915663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915663" title="Bobaflex">
Bobaflex

Bobaflex (bō-bŭ-flĕx) is an American metal band from Point Pleasant, West Virginia. They were part of Gigantour in 2005 and Rock on the Range in 2008 and 2012.
History.
Formed in the 1990s, the band has released four full-length albums and one 6-track EP, and is featured on the Gigantour DVD/CD. The band recently put out the 6 song EP, Chemical Valley which was released on 7 March 2010, and a 15 track full length album Hell in my Heart which was released on February 4, 2011. The unique thing about the band is the two frontmen, brothers Shaun and Marty McCoy, who trade guitar and lead vocals, depending on the song.
Bobaflex was established in 1998 by the McCoys. The idea for Bobaflex happened in 1997 when Shaun, Lutz and Drebbit met at Marshall University in Huntington, WV. The brothers were no strangers to the press, having ancestral ties to the most infamous family feud in American history, between the Hatfields and the McCoys which almost caused a war between the states of West Virginia and Kentucky in the 1880s.
Shaun said in an interview that the band's name was inspired by the bounty hunter Boba Fett from Star Wars.
Continuously co-headlining Ohio’s largest independent rock festival Woodshock three years in a row, the band performed for crowds of over 5,000. ”It was crazy. The fans were buying everything we had, even the shirts off our backs,” stated Shaun McCoy.
After playing out of state for months at a time, the band returned to West Virginia to find itself booked on 106.3-FM’s X-Fest, West Virginia's largest Rock festival, sponsored by Huntington’s largest commercial rock radio station, WAMX).
Performing to an audience of 12,000 and sharing the stage with Nickelback, Disturbed and many others, Bobaflex played there 3 years in a row, thus landing a spot on the renowned Locobazooka tour in 2002 playing with Filter, Sevendust, and Mushroomhead just to name a few.
With its first label gone bankrupt shortly after signing them, Bobaflex spent the next few years engaged in legal battles, cost, turmoil and expenses. Some of the band members called their E 350 Ford van home for a short time. They lost all rights to their songs and even the band name, but eventually got them all back.
In 2002, Bobaflex's cover of Bob Dylan's "Mr Tambourine Man" was a worldwide success.
The band continued to hit the road throughout 2002, independently booking tour dates through more than 13 states. “we had no idea they knew about us. It’s been a very rewarding experience to meet and get to know them”, says Jerod Mankin.
"Primitive Epic". Sales of the sci-fi reality thriller began to take off. The band sold all 1,000 copies of the initial pressing in its first four weeks strictly through live performances, word of mouth, and mail order, which quickly caught the attention of New Jersey’s Eclipse Records (Mushroomhead, Disarray). "We had no clue it would sell that fast, they literally sold faster than we could produce them." says Steve Foster.
On January 14, 2010 Mike Steele posted a blog on his personal Myspace saying that he left Bobaflex. "Look for a new project from me in a year or so. Forever rock at heart" Mike said at the end of the post. The band has since continued on with Chris Grogan on guitar. Mike Steele's final contribution to Bobaflex was for their album Hell in My Heart.
Bobaflex began selling its new ‘Chemical Valley‘ EP at a concert at the V-Club in Hutington, WV on February 19, 2010. The six track EP was only available at concerts but in April 2010 the band started selling the EP on Amazon.com. The EP features tracks from their upcoming full length record which is due later in the year. On May 28, Bobaflex was on Blazor and Mo in the Morning. Shaun has said that people should buy the EP because the songs might not be on the full album due to label issues.
The band released the full length album Hell in my Heart on February 4, 2011, at the V-Club in Huntington, West Virginia. The Album contains 4 remastered tracks from the Chemical Valley EP, as well as an updated version of the song "Slave", a live recording of the song "Pretty Razors" (previously available only as an iTunes exclusive from Tales from Dirt Town), and 9 previously unreleased tracks. It also features a cover of Simon & Garfunkel's "Sound of Silence" which has been well received by audiences and has received airplay on Satellite Radio, as well as many radio stations across the country.
Bobaflex have announced that their new album Charlatan's Web will be released on 10 September 2013, and the first single Bad Man has been released on iTunes.
Record Labels.
On March 10, 2001, Bobaflex signed with Eclipse and went back into the studio to record.
On July 28, Eclipse officially released the band to TVT Records. For more information, check out TVT's website.
In 2009 TVT filed for bankruptcy. Bobaflex got all rights to their songs back and are searching for a new record label.
In 2011, Bobaflex announced that it would be releasing Hell in My Heart through BFX Records/Megaforce.

</doc>
<doc id="9915681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915681" title="Serbu Firearms">
Serbu Firearms

Serbu Firearms is a manufacturer of firearms based in Tampa, Florida. Founded by mechanical engineer Mark Serbu, the company is best known for producing the BFG-50, a .50 BMG caliber, single-shot rifle. The rifle is also available in .510 DTC EUROP caliber in most of Europe, as well as California where new .50BMG rifles are banned by law.
Products.
The company is currently shipping a semi-automatic .50 BMG rifle called the BFG-50A. Production startup had been slow; prototype photos of the BFG-50A were first shown in 2002, and orders were first taken at the 2008 SHOT show in Las Vegas. Deliveries finally started on 6/17/2011.
Serbu Firearms is also noted for its production of the Super-Shorty, a compact 12- or 20-gauge (on special order) shotgun with front and rear pistol grips which in the United States is regulated as what is called Any Other Weapon under the National Firearms Act. They have also appeared in several movies and video games.
Serbu has produced a variety of small-quantity firearms in the past, including a .22LR pen gun called the "Butt-master" and an integrally-suppressed Ruger MK II pistol called the "SIRIS". Serbu has also produced a .22LR muzzle suppressor called the "C-CAN" and an integrally suppressed Ruger 10/22 rifle called the "SIRIS 1022".
Controversy.
In 2013, Serbu refused to sell their model BFG-50A semi-automatic .50 rifles to the New York City Police Department after the passage of the NY SAFE Act that classified their weapon as an assault rifle. Refusal to sell to states that have outlawed the sale of firearms to the public under the heading of assault rifles has become more common. Following their refusal to sell the rifles, Serbu then had tee shirts printed with an image of the classic "Seinfeld" character The Soup Nazi, played by actor Larry Thomas, and the words "No Serbu For You". Thomas, a gun control advocate, contacted Facebook and the T-shirt printers to have the shirts removed. Serbu has since removed the image of Thomas and replaced it with one of their founder Mark Serbu.

</doc>
<doc id="9915691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915691" title="Packet transfer delay">
Packet transfer delay

Packet transfer delay is a concept in packet switching technology.
The sum of store-and-forward delay that a packet experiences in each router gives the transfer or queuing delay of that packet across the network. Packet transfer delay is influenced by the level of network congestion and the number of routers along the way of transmission. 
There are four sources of packet transfer delay:

</doc>
<doc id="9915703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915703" title="Foreign Affair (Tina Turner song)">
Foreign Affair (Tina Turner song)

"Foreign Affair" is a song by recording artist Tina Turner. It was written by Tony Joe White and produced by White and Roger Davies for Turner's 1989 album "Foreign Affair". Released as a single in 1990, it was released in a variety formats, in certain territories – also as a separate remix single including club mixes by Shep Pettibone. 

</doc>
<doc id="9915720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915720" title="Columbia Centre">
Columbia Centre

The Columbia Centre is a landmark office building situated in the heart of Bracknell town centre adjacent to the rail station, bus station and taxi rank and situated prominently on Market Street / Station Road. The building is currently undergoing a comprehensive refurbishment, an enhanced entrance and reception area will offer a new contemporary style to the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9915725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915725" title="La Bestia humana">
La Bestia humana

La Bestia humana is a 1957 Argentine film whose story is based on the novel La Bête Humaine by the French writer Émile Zola.

</doc>
<doc id="9915726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915726" title="El Diablo de vacaciones">
El Diablo de vacaciones

El Diablo de vacaciones is a 1957 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915731" title="Las Campanas de Teresa">
Las Campanas de Teresa

Las Campanas de Teresa is a 1957 Argentine film.
Cast.
a 

</doc>
<doc id="9915733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915733" title="Trimontium">
Trimontium

Trimontium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9915735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915735" title="FIG Script">
FIG Script

FIG Script is a typeface designed by Eric Olson in 2002 for Process Type Foundry. 
The name FIG is an acronym for "Frank (Sheeran), Ian (Chai), and Glenn (Chappell) who collaborated in the development of the FIGlet computer program developed to generates text banners, in a variety of typefaces, composed of letters made up of arrangements of smaller ASCII characters. Olson used FIGlet in creating his ASCII-based FIG typefaces. Olson describes the FIG types as an "exploration into the generative possibilities type design software and simple grid structures." While suggestion of a raster is clearly visible in the face, a hominess similar to that found in nineteenth century cross-stitched samplers is also found. Many characters have swashes, and the overall effect is reminiscent of cursive.

</doc>
<doc id="9915737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915737" title="The House of the Angel">
The House of the Angel

The House of the Angel () is a 1957 Argentine film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson from a novel by Beatriz Guido. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9915740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915740" title="Cinco gallinas y el cielo">
Cinco gallinas y el cielo

Cinco gallinas y el cielo is a 1957 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915750" title="Crustless bread">
Crustless bread

Crustless bread is bread without crusts. Panko is made from such a bread, which is produced by passing an electric current through the dough. 
British food group RHM manufacture a crustless bread targeted at children called Hovis Invisible Crust, which is produced by baking the bread at low temperature. Other bread manufacturers have released crustless bread, with the crusts removed. Sara Lee and Ironkids also have a crustless bread product. 
Significant nutritional loss results from omitting crusts from bread. Bread crusts are very high in fiber and antioxidants, and contain a greater concentration of vitamins and minerals than the inner portion of the bread.

</doc>
<doc id="9915755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915755" title="Heinrich Rau">
Heinrich Rau

Heinrich Gottlob "Heiner" Rau (2 April 1899 – 23 March 1961) was a German communist politician during the time of the Weimar Republic; subsequently, during the Spanish Civil War, he was a leading member of the International Brigades and after World War II an East German statesman.
Rau grew up in a suburb of Stuttgart, where early on he became active in socialist youth organizations. After military service in World War I, he participated in the German Revolution of 1918-19. From 1920 onward, he was a leading agricultural policy maker of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). This ended in 1933, when Adolf Hitler came to power. Shortly afterward Rau was thrown in jail for two years. As an enemy of the Nazi regime in Germany he was imprisoned, in total, for more than half of the time of Hitler's reign. After his first imprisonment he emigrated in 1935 to the Soviet Union (USSR). From there, in 1937, he went on to Spain, where he participated in the Spanish Civil War as a leader of one of the International Brigades. In 1939, he was arrested in France, and was delivered by the Vichy regime back to Nazi Germany in 1942. After a few months in a Gestapo prison, he was transferred to the Mauthausen Concentration Camp in March 1943. While in the concentration camp he participated in conspiratorial prisoner activities, which led to a camp uprising in the final days before the end of World War II in Europe.
After the war he played an important role in the political scene of East Germany. Before the establishment of an East German state he was the chairman of the German Economic Commission, the precursor to the East German government. Subsequently he became chairman of the National Planning Commission of East Germany and a deputy chairman of the East German Council of Ministers. He was a leading economic politician and diplomat of East Germany and led various ministries at different times. Within East Germany's ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) he was a member of the party's CC Politburo.
Origins and early political career.
Stuttgart.
Early years until World War I.
Rau was born in Feuerbach, now a part of Stuttgart, in the German Kingdom of Württemberg, the son of a peasant who later became a factory worker. He grew up in the adjacent city of Zuffenhausen, now also a part of Stuttgart. After finishing school in spring 1913, he started work as a press operator in a shoe factory. In November 1913 he changed his employer and moved to the Bosch factory works in Feuerbach. There he completed his training as metal presser and remained until autumn 1920, with interruptions due to war service during 1917-1918 and the subsequent German Revolution of 1918-1919.
Since 1913 Rau also was active in the labour movement and joined in that year the metal workers' union ("Deutscher Metallarbeiterverband") and a social democratic youth group in Zuffenhausen. During the following years, which saw the beginning of World War I, Rau's youth group, whose leader he became in 1916, was significantly influenced by the left wing of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). The leftists considered the war a conflict between "imperialist powers". A few local members of a far left SPD group, among them Edwin Hoernle and Albert Schreiner, who later became well-known members of the Spartacus League ("Spartakusbund"), visited the youth group in Zuffenhausen and gave lectures. In 1916, Rau joined the Spartacists as well and became a co-founder of their youth organisation. In accordance with the politics of the Spartacists, in 1917 he joined the left-wing Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and in 1919 the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), which had been founded mainly by members of the Spartacus League.
In spring 1917, Rau, by this time an elected trade union official in his firm, participated in the attempt to organise a strike against the war. His action led to a reprimand from his employer, and may have hastened his conscription into the army in August 1917. In the army he was trained in the Zuffenhausen-garrisoned Infantry Regiment 126 and deployed to the Western Front as member of a machine gun company. In September 1918 a shell splinter penetrated his lungs. In the following weeks, he was treated in military hospitals in Weimar and in Stuttgart's neighbouring town Ludwigsburg. While in Ludwigsburg, Rau managed to get leave at short notice on 8 November 1918 and joined the in those days developing revolution in Stuttgart.
Revolution.
The revolution in November 1918 led in Württemberg, like everywhere in Germany, to the end of the monarchy. King William II left Stuttgart on 9 November, shortly after a revolutionary crowd had stormed his residence, the Wilhelm Palais and flown a red flag above the building. On the very same day the demonstrators were also able to seize some of Stuttgart's barracks, where parts of the garrisons openly joined them. Rau took active part in the events in Stuttgart's streets on this and the following day.
These happenings were a first cumulation of a civil commotion, that had started a few days earlier with large strikes and demonstrations. On 4 November 1918, a first workers' council under the leadership of the 23-year-old Spartacist Fritz Rück had been established in Stuttgart. During the following days and weeks more spontaneously elected worker and soldier councils were formed, and took over a large part of Württemberg. Rau was elected leader of the military police in his home city of Zuffenhausen, a part of Stuttgart's urban area.
As early as 9 November, about 150 councillors gathered for a two-day meeting in Stuttgart. A majority of the councillors entrusted the leaders of the SPD and USPD political parties, who had been invited to the meeting, with the establishment of a provisional government in Württemberg. The Spartacist Albert Schreiner, then chairman of a soldier council, initially assumed the key position of Minister of War in this quickly established first government, which for the time being shared power with the councils. However, he resigned already a few days later, after disputes about the future course of the government. While the Spartacists considered as their ideal aim the kinds of results achieved by the previous year's October Revolution in Russia, the position of the other USPD politicians was unclear and the SPD leaders supported a parliamentary democracy and early elections in Württemberg.
During the ensuing months the communists tried repeatedly to seize power in Stuttgart and other cities in Württemberg through armed rebellion, accompanied by large-scale strikes. They seized public buildings and print offices. During one such an attempt - at the beginning of April 1919 when the Bavarian Soviet Republic was formally proclaimed in Munich - a general strike took place in the Stuttgart area. The government in Stuttgart imposed a state of emergency and 16 people died in street fights. At the time of these events, Rau used his position as chief of the military police in Zuffenhausen to shut down companies that remained operational while the strike was ongoing. However, when the strike collapsed, Rau was removed from office by the government.
Rau resumed his employment at Bosch in Feuerbach. During another general strike in several Württemberg cities, from 28 August to 4 September 1920, he led the strike committee in his firm, which resulted in his dismissal.
Influences.
From 1919 until 1920 Rau was head of the local KPD group in Zuffenhausen, and chaired the KPD organisation in Stuttgart. The party leader in Württemberg at this time was Edwin Hoernle. Hoernle had visited Rau's youth group in Zuffenhausen and had become a long standing friend; he was an influential teacher for Rau and made his voluminous library available to Rau to use.
The most outstanding ideological authority of the movement in Stuttgart, during the time of Rau's political involvement there, was however Clara Zetkin. She was a founding member of the Second International, about whom Friedrich Engels once had written, that he liked her very much, while emperor Wilhelm II is said to have referred to her as the "worst witch in Germany". She had been living in a Stuttgart suburb since 1891 and, since then, been gathering a circle of Württemberg Marxists around her, among them Rau's friend Hoernle, who had been editing with her the magazine "Die Gleichheit". Her house, built in 1903 in Sillenbuch (now a part of Stuttgart), had become a meeting place of leading national and local left-wing and communist activists. It was also visited by international communist leaders like Vladimir Lenin, who stayed there overnight in 1907. In 1920, when Zetkin was elected to the Reichstag in Berlin, Hoernle and Rau moved to Berlin as well.
Berlin.
In November 1920 Rau became a full-time party functionary and the secretary of the agricultural division of the Central Committee of the KPD in Berlin. Between 1921 and 1930 he lectured at the Land and Federal schools of the KPD, and edited a few left-wing agricultural journals.
The head of the Central Committee's Division for Agriculture initially was Edwin Hoernle, with whom Rau had come from Stuttgart. Hoernle had been elected to the Executive Committee of the Comintern (ECCI) in November 1922 and Rau succeeded him as division chief the following year. Afterwards, Rau also became a leading member of various national and international left wing farmer and peasant organisations. From 1923 onward, he was a member of the Secretariat of the International Committee of the Agricultural and Forest Workers and beginning in 1924 of the executive committee of the Reich Peasant Federation ("Reichsbauernbund"). In 1930 this was followed with a membership on the International Peasants' Council in Moscow and in 1931 he became an office member of the European Peasant Committee. From 1928 to 1933 he was also member of the Preußischer Landtag, the Prussian federal state parliament. There he joined the committee on agricultural affairs of the parliament and became its chairman.
Imprisonment, International Brigades, World War II.
After Hitler's rise to power in January 1933 and the subsequent suppression of the KPD, Rau became a Central Committee's party instructor for southwest Germany and was active in building an underground party organisation there. On 23 May 1933 Rau was arrested and on 11 December 1934 convicted, together with Bernhard Bästlein, for "preparations to commit high treason" by the People's Court of Germany. He was sentenced to two years imprisonment. After his release from custody, he emigrated to the USSR in August 1935, via Czechoslovakia, and became a deputy chairman of the International Agrarian Institute in Moscow.
After the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War and following the formation of the International Brigades, Rau attended a school for military commanders in Ryazan (USSR), and subsequently went to Spain. After his arrival in April 1937, he joined the XI International Brigade and participated in the civil war as political commissar, beginning in May 1937, then as chief of staff and finally commander of the brigade, until March 1938, when he was injured.
When Rau took charge of the XI Brigade, he might have been at odds with his predecessor, Richard Staimer, the future son-in-law of KPD leader Wilhelm Pieck. This was the time of the Great Purge which had its echos in Spain, and it could be perilous to have powerful enemies. André Marty, the Stalinist chief commissar of the International Brigades based at Albacete, was also an executor of the Great Purge in Spain. Following Rau's injury, Marty managed to imprison him under a pretext for a brief time. A report, written in Moscow in 1940, described Rau as a "political criminal", who had had contact with the Spanish anarchists and members of the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification (POUM), which was demonized as "Trotskyist". These were serious allegations in this time, when accusations of Trotskyism frequently led to a death sentence if the accused was within reach of the authorities.
It seems, however, that Rau also had influential friends. He was released from prison and expelled from Spain. He moved to France in May 1938. There, he was in charge of the emergency committee of the German and Austrian Spain fighters and member of the KPD country leadership in Paris until 1939. At the beginning of 1939 Rau crossed the border to Spain again and subsequently led, together with Ludwig Renn, the remainders of the XI Brigade. Together with other remaining international units – now combined in the "Agrupación Internacional" – they fought on Spain's northern border after the fall of Barcelona, protecting the stream of refugees escaping to France. Thus the Agrupación enabled the escape of perhaps some 470,000 civilians and soldiers.
Rau was arrested by the French authorities in September 1939 and sent to Camp Vernet, an internment centre in France, and in November 1941 to a secret prison in Castres. In June 1942, he was handed over to the Gestapo by the Vichy regime and was held until March 1943 in the Gestapo prison in the Prince Albrecht Street. Afterwards he was sent to the Mauthausen Concentration Camp, where he remained until May 1945, when he participated in a camp rebellion as one of the organisers of a secret military camp organisation.
East Germany.
1945–1949.
New start in Brandenburg.
When the war was over, Rau went to Vienna for some weeks and helped the KPD representatives in the city gather liberated political prisoners from Germany. He left Vienna in July 1945, when he led a car convoy with 120 former Mauthausen inmates to the Soviet occupied part of Berlin.
In September 1945, the Soviets appointed Rau a member of the provisional chairmanship of the Province of Brandenburg with the title of a vice-president and responsibility for food, agriculture and forests. Rau succeeded Edwin Hoernle, who had held this position since the end of June and became chairman of the central administration for agriculture and forests in the Soviet Occupation Zone (SBZ). In his new position, Rau was a member of the commission for the execution of the land reform in the province. In spring 1946 he assumed responsibility for
economy and transport in Brandenburg. In this capacity, he was, from June 1946 onwards, chairman of the newly established sequester commission in the province. 1946 was also the year of the forced merger of eastern KPD and eastern SPD into the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), resulting in Rau's membership in the SED. Important 1946 events in Brandenburg were in November elections, which preceded an official status change from a province to a federal state in the following year. Afterwards, from 1946 until 1948, Rau was state parliament delegate and Minister for Economic Planning of Brandenburg.
German Economic Commission.
In March 1948 Rau became chairman of the German Economic Commission ("Deutsche Wirtschaftskommission" or "DWK"), which during this period became the centralised administrative organisation for the Soviet Occupation Zone and the predecessor of the future East German government. The organisation existed during a time of very difficult challenges coming from different sides. A particularly momentous event during this time was the currency reform of 1948. On 20 June 1948 the western German zones introduced a new currency, leaving the eastern zone to use the old common currency. In order to avoid inflation, the DWK under Rau's leadership, was forced to follow quickly with its own reform and issued an own currency too. In doing so, the DWK also exploited the currency reform to redistribute capital by using different exchange rates for private and state-run companies. The disagreement, which of the two new currencies should be used in Berlin, triggered the Berlin Blockade by the USSR and the western airborne supply of West Berlin.
Under Rau's leadership the DWK, still under supervision of the Soviet Military Administration in Germany (German: Sowjetische Militäradministration in Deutschland or SMAD), quickly developed more and more into a partner of the SMAD with its own conceptions and intentions. This policy was also endorsed by the Soviet chief diplomat in Germany, Vladimir Semyonov, the future Chief Commissar of the USSR in Germany, who already in January 1948 correspondingly stated, that SMAD orders, (which accompanied DWK orders,) should have merely the purpose to back the authority of the German orders. One of Rau's aims during the meetings with the SMAD was, to come to agreements, which also obliged the Soviet side, including subordinate Soviet authorities, who still engaged in wild confiscations for reparation purposes. An important success in this direction was a half-year plan for the economic development in the second half of 1948, which was accepted by the SMAD in May 1948. It was followed by a likewise accepted two-year plan for 1949 and 1950.
The biggest obstacle to the plan's implementation soon proved to be the Berlin Blockade by the USSR, which was followed by a western counter-blockade of the Soviet occupation zone. As there were long-established economic ties between the western zone and the eastern, which was highly dependent on supplies from the West, the blockade was more damaging to the East. The West Berlin SPD newspaper "Sozialdemokrat" reported in April 1949, how Rau clearly criticized the blockade in a meeting of SED apparatchiks and there is reason to believe that he did the same in the meetings with the SMAD. According to the paper, Rau spoke of a "bad speculation" regarding the undervaluation of the dependence on western supplies, stating that the "broadminded Soviet help" turned out as insufficient and hinting that the blockade would soon be lifted. Finally the Berlin Blockade was lifted on 12 May 1949.
The DWK's increasingly centralised administration resulted in a substantial increase in its staffing level, which grew from about 5000 employees in mid-1948 to 10,000 by the beginning of 1949. In March 1949, Rau, like the representative of a state, signed a first treaty with a foreign state, a trade agreement with Poland.
1949–1953.
Establishment and difficult first years of a new state.
The time of Rau's German Economic Commission ended in October 1949 with the establishment of the East German state, the German Democratic Republic (GDR). The GDR was proclaimed on 7 October 1949, at a ceremony in the former Air Ministry Building in Berlin, until then the seat of Rau's organisation. Five days later, the DWK was formally abolished on 12 October 1949. Rau thereupon became a delegate of the People's Chamber, the newly established parliament of the GDR and joined the new government.
Likewise in 1949, the ruling SED implemented traditional leadership structures of communist parties and Rau became a member of the newly established Central Committee of the SED and candidate member of its Politburo; in 1950 he became a full member of the Politburo as well as deputy chairman of the East German Council of Ministers.
Between 1949 and 1950, Rau was Minister for Planning of the GDR and in 1950–1952 chairman of the National Planning Commission. In this position, as the key figure of the economic development, Rau came into conflict with SED General Secretary Walter Ulbricht. In the face of an imminent economic collapse, Rau blamed the "Bureau Ulbricht" for the wrong policy. In response East Germany's old president Wilhelm Pieck renewed the old accusation of Trotskyism against Rau. In a later letter to Pieck of 28 November 1951, Rau protested at the manner in which the Secretariat usurped the Politburo by censoring his speech on economic affairs.
In 1952–1953, Rau led the newly established Coordination Centre for Industry and Traffic at the East German Council of Ministers. The purpose of this office was effective control of the economy in order to overcome the difficulties, which were caused by a grown bureaucracy and unclear decision paths. Prime Minister Otto Grotewohl described this in a talk with Joseph Stalin.
After the death of Stalin in March 1953, the new collective Soviet leadership started to advocate a New Course. Moscow favored replacing East Germany's Stalinist party leader Walter Ulbricht and made inquiries about Rau as a potential candidate. In response, the leading SED party ideologist, Rudolf Herrnstadt, a candidate member of the Poliburo, with assistance from Rau drew up a concept for just such a New Course in East Germany. However, the workers' uprising, which was suppressed by the Soviet army on 17 June led to a backlash. Three weeks later, during a session of the then eight person Politburo (plus six candidate members) on 8 July 1953, Rau made a recommendation that Ulbricht be replaced, while Rau's Spanish Civil War comrade, Stasi chief Wilhelm Zaisser, who in Spain had been known as 'General Gómez', accused Ulbricht of having perverted the party. The majority was against Ulbricht. His only supporters were Hermann Matern and Erich Honecker. At that moment however there was no viable candidate who could replace Ulbricht immediately. Suggested were first Rudolf Herrnstadt and then Heinrich Rau, but both were hesitant, thus a decision was postponed. The very next day after the meeting Ulbricht went by plane to Moscow and the Soviet leadership, who in part also feared that deposing Ulbricht might be construed as a sign of weakness, now secured Ulbricht's position. Subsequently five members and candidate members of the Politburo lost their positions.
1953–1961.
Competition in the Politburo and economic reform.
Unlike some other rebels in the leadership, Rau kept most of his positions. He remained a member of the Politburo and deputy chairman of the Council of Ministers. In the Politburo he continued to be responsible for the industry of the GDR. However, his position had been weakened. Bruno Leuschner, a follower of Ulbricht and Rau's successor as chairman of the National Planning Commission, now became a new candidate member of the Politburo. During the ensuing period, Leuschner, often supported by Ulbricht, gradually superseded Rau as the senior leader for the economy as a whole. The official GDR press never mentioned the dissension between Rau and Leuschner and always described their cooperation as a success story.
Concentrating on his tasks in the SED leadership and as a minister, Rau – despite occasional internal criticism – avoided giving the impression of any disagreement with Ulbricht, at least in public. In 1954, Rau received in the Order of Merit for the Fatherland ("Vaterländischer Verdienstorden") in gold. Later, Ulbricht stated in a 1964 interview about the "introduction of socialism" in the GDR, that only three people were heavily involved in the economic development during that time, "namely Heinrich Rau, Bruno Leuschner and me. Others were not consulted!"
In 1953–1955 Rau led the new established Ministry for Machine Construction, which combined the responsibilities of three existing ministries. His deputy in this ministry was Erich Apel, who would, in the early 1960s, become an initiator and architect of an economic reform, which became known as the New Economic System (NES). 
This later reform was presaged by a reform in the middle of the 1950s; the economic historian Jörg Roesler considers the NES in the 1960s as a continuation of this reform. The origin of the reform in the 1950s was a scientific study, commissioned by Rau's ministry in 1953, to assess the need for greater economic efficiency in the factories. The subsequent results from this study promised enhanced economic efficiency by shifting more responsibility from the National Planning Commission to the enterprises themselves. Thenceforward, already in spring 1954, Rau advocated such a planning reform, while planning boss Bruno Leuschner quite consistently opposed it. In August 1954, Rau's ministry sent a concept for such a reform to Leuschner's State Planning Commission. Eventually this reform got under way, after Ulbricht, perhaps under the influence of his new personal economic adviser Wolfgang Berger, had approved such a policy at the end of 1954 too. Subsequently the reform accelerated until 1956. It found however its early end in the generally aggravated political atmosphere in 1957. Unrests in other Eastern Bloc countries during the previous year 1956, in particular in Hungary, had awoken the desire for more central control again. The subsequent unsatisfying economic development, however, during the following years eventually led in the 1960s to the concept of a new planning reform, the NES.
Foreign trade and foreign policy.
Between 1955–1961 Rau served as Minister for Foreign Trade and Inter-German Trade. The term "Inter-German Trade" meant the trade with West Germany. In this time both German states still saw German reunification as their own aim, but both envisaging different political systems. The West German position was that they, as the only freely elected government, had an exclusive mandate for the entire German people. In consequence of this, the GDR's official diplomatic relationships with other states were narrowed to the states of the Eastern Bloc. Practically no other states recognized the GDR. As a result Rau's ministry established numerous new "trade missions" in other states, which served as a kind of surrogate for nonexistent embassies. It was a corollary, that Rau, in addition to his responsibility for the export-oriented industry, also chaired the Foreign Policy Commission of the SED Politburo ("Außenpolitische Kommission beim Politbüro" or "APK") since 1955, in this period the actual decision-making body for foreign affairs, and visited other states in different parts of the world in this capacity. Among the visited states were, beside the core states of the Soviet Bloc, also then Eastern Bloc peripheral states, like China and Albania and leading states of the crystallizing Non-Aligned Movement like India and Yugoslavia (after the Bandung Conference). Between 1955 and 1957 he visited, as part of a diplomatic advertisement campaign in the Arab world, various Arabic states, among them repeatedly Egypt. One of his last deals, which he closed as minister, was a trade agreement with Cuba, signed by Cuba's minister Ernesto 'Che' Guevara, on 17 December 1960 in East Berlin.
Rau, in poor health during his final years, died of a heart attack in East Berlin, in March 1961.
Aftermath and legacy.
After his death, firms, schools, recreation homes, numerous streets, and a fighter squadron were named after him. The GDR issued a stamp with his picture three times.
Rau was married twice and had three sons and a daughter. Like the other members of the Politburo, he lived until 1960 in a secured area of East Berlin's district Pankow and moved in 1960 to the Waldsiedlung near Wandlitz. In Pankow he had lived in Majakowskiring. In 1963, Rau's widow Elisabeth moved to this street again.
When the prominent West German SPD politician and future President of Germany Johannes Rau visited an SPD rally in the East German city of Erfurt during the time of German reunification, he was introduced as "Prime Minister 'Heinrich Rau. Thereupon Johannes Rau ironically commented on this lapse by observing that Heinrich Rau was a "Minister of Trade, a Swabian and a communist" and he was none of the three.

</doc>
<doc id="9915762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915762" title="El Hombre Señalado">
El Hombre Señalado

El hombre señalado is a 1957 Argentine drama film directed by Francis Lauric. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9915765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915765" title="Puppet (film)">
Puppet (film)

Puppet () is a 1957 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9915772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915772" title="Violencia en la ciudad">
Violencia en la ciudad

Violencia en la ciudad is a 1957 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915775" title="List of Ulysses 31 episodes">
List of Ulysses 31 episodes

This is an episode guide for the Japanese-French animated science fiction television series "Ulysses 31" produced by DiC Entertainment. The show comprises 26 half-hour episodes and first aired between 1981 and 1982. The following episode titles were used for the original French version as well as in the international version for Europe and North and Latin America.
Japanese version.
A number of the episode titles in the Japanese version of "Ulysses 31" were modified or simplified from the original French. The order in which the episodes aired also varied to some extent.
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
18. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
23. 
24. 
25. 
26. 

</doc>
<doc id="9915776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915776" title="Una Viuda difícil">
Una Viuda difícil

Una Viuda difícil is a 1957 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915786" title="Madrugada (film)">
Madrugada (film)

Madrugada is a 1957 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915790" title="The Last in Line (song)">
The Last in Line (song)

"The Last in Line" was the third single released by heavy metal band Dio, appearing on their 1984 LP of the same name. Unlike the band's first two singles, this song was not released as a single in the UK, but rather in The Netherlands and Spain. There is also an alternate version in the Netherlands sold only at the Pinkpop '84 festival on June 11, 1984. The sleeve of this release was the same as the band's previous single, Rainbow in the Dark, with the Pinkpop logo in the corner.
Cover versions.
Downstait made a cover of the song that features Sahaj Ticotin, for their album "With You In Mind" as tribute to Ronnie James Dio after his passing.
The song was also covered by Tenacious D for the "Ronnie James Dio: This Is Your Life - Tribute".

</doc>
<doc id="9915792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915792" title="Que me toquen las golondrinas">
Que me toquen las golondrinas

Que me toquen las golondrinas is a 1957 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915796" title="Venga a bailar el rock">
Venga a bailar el rock

Venga a bailar el rock is a 1957 Argentine musical film. Is the first Ibero American film on rock and roll theme. Lalo Schifrin is one of the composers of the soundtrack, in his first movie participation.

</doc>
<doc id="9915797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915797" title="Boxing at the 1963 Pan American Games">
Boxing at the 1963 Pan American Games

The Men's Boxing Tournament at the 1963 Pan American Games was held in São Paulo, Brazil, from April 20 to May 5.
Medal winners.
<br>
Medal table.
<br>
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9915800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915800" title="El Primer beso">
El Primer beso

El Primer beso is a 1957 Argentine film. The language of the film is Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="9915803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915803" title="Nothing Ever Hurt Me (Half as Bad as Losing You)">
Nothing Ever Hurt Me (Half as Bad as Losing You)

Nothing Ever Hurt Me (Half as Bad as Losing You) is an album by country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1973, (see 1973 in country music) on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. It's two singles, "Nothing Ever Hurt Me (Half as Bad as Losing You)" and "What My Woman Can't Do", reached numbers 7 and 6 respectively on the Country Singles chart.
Chart positions.
Album – Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="9915804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915804" title="El Calavera">
El Calavera

El Calavera is a 1958 Argentinean film.
Directed by Carlos Borcosque, script by Emilio Villalba Welsh and Wilfredo Jimenez, based on Charles-Maurice Hennequin and Pierre Veber’s theater play “Las delicias del hogar”. The movie was released on August 31, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="9915810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915810" title="Una Cita con la vida">
Una Cita con la vida

Una Cita con la vida is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915817" title="Un Centavo de mujer">
Un Centavo de mujer

Un Centavo de mujer is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915819" title="De Londres llegó un tutor">
De Londres llegó un tutor

De Londres llegó un tutor is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915826" title="Del cuplé al tango">
Del cuplé al tango

Del cuplé al tango is a 1958 Argentine film. It featured Virginia Luque, Roberto Bordoni and José Comellas.

</doc>
<doc id="9915827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915827" title="Dimitri Pelo">
Dimitri Pelo

Dimitri Pelo (born April 17, 1985 in Nouméa, New Caledonia) is a French professional rugby league player for Canberra Raiders in the NRL He has previously played for Montpellier Herault RC after switching codes in 2010 & for the Catalans Dragons club of Europe's Super League competition. His usual position is Wing, but he can also play at Fullback.
Career.
Pelo, born in New Caledonia (the overseas territory of France) emigrated to Australia with his parents while still in his adolescence, originally settling in the north-eastern state of Queensland. While living here Pelo began playing junior rugby league catching the eye of Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks scouts whom signed him to the Sydney club for several years. 
While at the Sharks Pelo went on to represent the Australian Schoolboys team but he could not make his way into the Sharks first grade side; instead being relegated to the reserves and lower competitions.
During the 2005 season Pelo was called up by French national team along with fellow clubman Daniel Dumas; during this time his contract with the Cronulla club expired and he left the club. Pelo then moved back to Queensland originally signing a short term deal with the Burleigh Bears club in the Queensland Cup in the hope of securing a longer term deal with the Gold Coast Titans in the NRL.
During the end of the 2006 season the Gold Coast club displayed interest in Pelo selecting him in several early trial matches and a sevens competition but ultimately he was unsuccessful in securing any deal with the club so began to look abroad.
For the beginning of the 2007 season Pelo signed a deal with the French club Catalans Dragons.
He was named in the France training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He was named in the France squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He switched codes for the 2010/11 season, playing for Montpellier Hérault RC.
In December 2011 he was trialling with the Canberra Raiders with the hope of gaining a First Grade contract after the departure of Daniel Vidot to the St. George Illawarra Dragons.
His trial successfully earned him a one year contract with the Raiders. He made his debut in the Round 12 36-18 defeat by South Sydney Rabbitohs on the 12th May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9915831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915831" title="Dos basuras">
Dos basuras

Dos basuras is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915833" title="18-Hydroxycorticosterone">
18-Hydroxycorticosterone

18-Hydroxycorticosterone is a derivative of corticosterone.
It serves as an intermediate in the synthesis of aldosterone by the enzyme aldosterone synthase in the zona glomerulosa:

</doc>
<doc id="9915834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915834" title="Demasiado jóvenes">
Demasiado jóvenes

Demasiado jóvenes is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915835" title="Xavier Veilhan">
Xavier Veilhan

Xavier Veilhan (1963) is a French artist who lives and works in Paris. His work includes photography, sculpture, film, painting and installation art.
Life and career.
Xavier Veilhan emerged in the early 1990s as one of the leading artists of his generation. A string of exhibitions, showcasing every aspect of his unique plastic vocabulary, ensured his international fame. In 2009, it was the consecration with his exhibition Veilhan Versailles, the castle and its gardens offered an ideal setting for his sculptures and installations.
Work.
Selected solo exhibitions / Public projets.
2012
2011 
2010 
2009 
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
2004 
2003 
2002 
2001 
2000 
Selected Group Exhibitions.
2011 
2010 
2009 
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
2004 
2003 
2002 
2001 
2000 
Movies.
Directed by Xavier Veilhan ; Music Sébastien Tellier ; co-produced by Renaud Sabari & Xavier Veilhan/AIA production. Courtesy Andréhn & Schiptjenko, Stockholm ; Galerie Perrotin, Paris.
Directed by Xavier Veilhan in collaboration with Michael Elion. Edition of 4 + 1 AP. Courtesy Andréhn & Schiptjenko, Stockholm ; Galerie Perrotin, Paris ; Gering&Lopez, New York.
Directed by Xavier Veilhan ; co-produced by Arthurpym & Anna Sanders Film. Edition of 3 + 1 AP. Courtesy Andréhn – Schiptjenko, Stockholm ; Galerie Perrotin, Paris.
Directed by Xavier Veilhan ; co-produced by Arthurpym & Anna Sanders Films. Edition of 3 + 1 AP. Courtesy Andréhn – Schiptjenko, Stockholm ; Galerie Perrotin, Paris.
Directed by Xavier Veilhan ; co-produced by CCA Kitakyushu, JRP Editions, Genève, & Anna Sanders Films. Edition of 3 + 1 AP. Courtesy Andréhn – Schiptjenko, Stockholm ; Galerie Perrotin, Paris.
Documentaries.
French/English. Running time : 52'.
Publisher Réunion des Musées Nationaux, 2009.
Director : Jordan Feldman 
French/English. Running time : 90'. 
Editeur Bureau des vidéos, 2007
Director : Jordan Feldman

</doc>
<doc id="9915844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915844" title="Pobres habrá siempre">
Pobres habrá siempre

Pobres habrá siempre is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9915850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915850" title="Solar wind (disambiguation)">
Solar wind (disambiguation)

Solar wind is a stellar phenomenon of the Sun
Solar wind may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9915851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915851" title="Procesado 1040">
Procesado 1040

Procesado 1040 is a 1958 Argentine thriller film directed by Rubén W. Cavalloti. The film is an honest man wrongly imprisoned and explores the horror of within the cold walls of the prison.

</doc>
<doc id="9915854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915854" title="Livets vår">
Livets vår

Livets vår is a 1958 Sweden/Argentine film directed by Arne Mattsson.

</doc>
<doc id="9915858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915858" title="Mientras haya un circo">
Mientras haya un circo

Mientras haya un circo is a 1958 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Adrianita and
Carlos Borsani.

</doc>
<doc id="9915873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915873" title="La Morocha">
La Morocha

La Morocha is a 1958 Argentine film.
in black and white, directed by Ralph Pappier and written by Sixto Pondal Ríos and Carlos Olivari the premier date was january 1958 the stars were Tita Merello, Alfredo Alcón, Luis Arata y Rolando Chávez. This was the last film of Luis Arata. 
Sypnosis.
A prostitute girl helps a student to finish schools even though he have a greedy uncle.
links to the Movie.
You can watch the movie here (in Spanish) La morocha

</doc>
<doc id="9915882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915882" title="Nubes de humo">
Nubes de humo

Nubes de humo is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915891" title="El Jefe (film)">
El Jefe (film)

El Jefe is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915892" title="Earl Jean">
Earl Jean

Earl Jude Jean (born October 9, 1971) is a Saint Lucian former footballer who played as a striker. He made 21 appearances in the Primeira Divisão for Felgueiras, 84 in the Football League for Ipswich Town, Rotherham United and Plymouth Argyle, and five in the Scottish Premier League for Hibernian. Jean played for Saint Lucia at full international level.
Career.
Ipswich.
Earl famously told the local media that despite his short stature he could leap very high - he was therefore nicknamed 'The Flea'. In December 1996 he made his only appearance for Ipswich Town, coming on as a substitute in a 1–1 home draw against Stoke City.
Rotherham.
He was leading scorer for Rotherham United F.C. during the 1996–97 season, prior to moving to Plymouth Argyle F.C. in 1997.
International career.
He was a member of the Saint Lucia national team from 1992 to 2004.
Coaching career.
After his retirement in December 2009 began his coaching career as Assistant coach of his former Saint Lucia national team Head coach Stuart Charles Fevrier by W Connection.

</doc>
<doc id="9915893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915893" title="Forbes's plover">
Forbes's plover

The Forbes’s plover or Forbes’s banded plover ("Charadrius forbesi") is a small wader. This plover is resident in much of west Africa, mainly on inland rivers, pools and lakes. Its nest is a scrape lined with small pebbles in rocky uplands. After breeding in the wet season, this bird moves to open grasslands, including airfields and golf courses, in the dry season. It is sometimes seen at pools or reservoirs.
The adult Forbes’ plover is 20 cm in length. It has long wings and a long tail, and therefore looks different from most other small plovers in flight, the exception being the closely related three-banded plover which replaces it in eastern and southern Africa and Madagascar.
The breeding adult has dark brown upperparts, and the underparts are white except for the two black breast bands, separated by a white band, which give this species its common and scientific names. The head is strikingly patterned, with a black crown, brown forehead, white supercilia extending from above the eyes to meet on the back of the neck, and a grey face. The eye ring and the base of the otherwise black bill are red. The sexes are similar.
In non-breeding adults, the breast bands may be dark brown, and the supercilia buff-tinged. Juveniles resemble the non-breeding adult, but are duller.
This species is larger and darker than the three-banded plover. The latter species also has a white forehead and a white wingbar.
Forbes’s plover is often seen as single individuals, but may form small flocks. It hunts by sight for insects, worms and other invertebrates. It has a piping "peee-oo" call.
This species was named for the British zoologist William Alexander Forbes.

</doc>
<doc id="9915901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915901" title="Eunectes notaeus">
Eunectes notaeus

Eunectes notaeus (common names: yellow anaconda, Paraguayan anaconda) is a nonvenomous boa species endemic to South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Etymology.
The generic name "Eunectes" derives from Greek and means “good swimmer”; the Neo-Latin specific name "notaeus" derives from Greek νωταίος/nōtaios (poetic form of Greek νωτιαίος/nōtiaios), here meaning “dorsal”. In distinguishing his new species "Eunectes notaeus" from "Eunectes murinus", Edward Drinker Cope stated, “Dorsal scales are larger and in fewer rows."
Description.
Adults are not as large as the green anaconda, "E. murinus", but nevertheless grow to an average of in total length. They commonly weigh , though large specimens can weigh or even more. The maximum size can certainly be larger, although confusion with its larger cousin may complicate matters. Female yellow anacondas have reportedly been measured up to . Females are larger than males.
The color pattern consists of a yellow, golden-tan or greenish-yellow ground color overlaid with a series of black or dark brown saddles, blotches, spots and streaks.
Habitat.
This species prefers mostly aquatic habitats, including swamps, marshes, and brush-covered banks of slow-moving rivers and streams. They can be also observed in forests searching for large game, such as brocket deer, or peccaries.
Feeding.
These snakes were studied in regularly flooded areas in the Pantanal region of southwestern Brazil. The data collected were directly observed from predatory instances, analysis and examination of gut and waste contents, and affirmations by local residents and other researchers. These studies indicate the species is a generalist feeder. The prey list analyzed and other evidence suggest "E. notaeus" employs both "ambush predation" and "wide-foraging" strategies. The snakes forage predominately in open, flooded habitats, in relatively shallow water; most predation instances occur from June to November, when flooded areas have noticeably dried out, with wading birds being the most common prey. They have also been known to prey on fish, turtles, small-sized caimans, lizards, birds' eggs, small mammals and fish carrion. The prey to predator weight ratio is often much higher than those known for other types of Boidae.
Reproduction.
For the most part, yellow anacondas are sequentially monogamous. Males become attracted to females when she produces pheromones released into the air. Males then follow the scent to the female and courtship begin. This courtship will normally take place in water and may last for quite some time. They have been known to form breeding balls consisting of one female and several males. These breeding balls have been known to stay together for up to a month. In the breeding ball, males compete for mating access to the female. Normally the largest male will win successfully out compete other males. Larger males may successfully breed with more females as a result. Mating system is polygynous, or polygynandrous (promiscuous ).
They breed only once yearly. Breeding usually occurs from April to May. About 4-82 offspring are lay at once. Females, after 6 months gestation period, give birth to fully developed live young. These young are immediately able to live on their own. They have indeterminate growth. Female reach sexual maturity from 3–4 years after birth. Males from 3–4 years also. Females provide significant resources to their young during incubation, but young are independent at birth and there is no further parental care.
Typical lifespan of yellow anacondas in the wild is 15–20 years. In captivity, it becomes much longer, about 23 years maximum.
Communication and perception.
Yellow anacondas are solitary animals, except in breeding season. When courtship, they communicate by rubbing one another and proceed with courtship. As anacondas have heat sensing pits located along their mouths, pits used to find prey by detecting heat of the prey. They pick vibrations through their jaws.
Captivity.
As captives, they have a reputation for being unpredictable.

</doc>
<doc id="9915904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915904" title="Hay que bañar al nene">
Hay que bañar al nene

Hay que bañar al nene is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915907" title="Washington Elementary School District">
Washington Elementary School District

The Washington Elementary School District provides education for more than 25,300 students in the north central Phoenix and east Glendale areas of Arizona. With 32 schools, WESD is the largest elementary school district in Arizona.
Gifted Services are offered at all schools, with approximately 1,660 students being challenged beyond the traditional classroom setting, including two self-contained programs that serve highly gifted students. Title I services, which offer supplemental education for identified students in need of additional assistance, are provided at 20 schools.
The district's attendance rate matches the state average at 95 percent. WESD's per-pupil spending is $6,554, compared to the Arizona average of $6,556.
WESD's Superintendent is Dr. Susie Cook. The five-member governing board includes president Kate McGee, vice president Bev Kraft, and members Bill Adams, Tee Lambert, and Chris Maza. 
The district's office is located at 4650 W. Sweetwater, Glendale, Arizona, 85304.

</doc>
<doc id="9915909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915909" title="La Hermosa mentira">
La Hermosa mentira

La Hermosa mentira is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915916" title="En la ardiente oscuridad (film)">
En la ardiente oscuridad (film)

En la ardiente oscuridad (In the Burning Darkness) is a 1958 Argentine film based on a play of the same name by Antonio Buero Vallejo.
Plot.
This conventional drama by director Daniel Tinayre handles a distinctive subject -- the onset of blindness in an adult -- and raises issues about the disability without diving far under the surface. The setting is an institution for the blind, and the featured protagonist is a man who rails against his misfortune, his energy and thinking distorted by a need to fight his blindness. Unhappy and unable to come to grips with his condition, he stirs a sympathetic chord in another blind inmate. She in turn, slowly enters into a relationship with him that starts to transform the ways he perceives himself and his blindness. 

</doc>
<doc id="9915919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915919" title="El Festín de Satanás">
El Festín de Satanás

El Festín de Satanás is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915922" title="University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law">
University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law

The University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law is a scholarly journal focusing on issues of constitutional law published in print and electronically by an organization of second- and third-year J.D. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. The journal covers the interdisciplinary study and analysis of constitutional law. The journal publishes five issues each volume, including an issue or issues devoted to its multi-day symposium. It is one of six law journals at the University of Pennsylvania Law School and one of the top fifty law journals in the United States based on citations and impact. Its Bluebook abbreviation is U. Pa. J. Const. L.
The journal is published in Philadelphia (home of the Liberty Bell, which is depicted on the journal's cover). 
The editor-in-chief is Zack Ewing. Past editors-in-chief include Brandon Harper, Nabeel Yousef, Jeremy Adler, Jonathan Adams, Emily Stopa, Vivian Lee, and Megan Barriger.
Symposia.
Each year the "Journal of Constitutional Law" hosts a symposium focusing on popular topics in constitutional scholarship and featuring notable constitutional law scholars. Past topics include "The Judiciary and the Popular Will" (January 29–30, 2010) and "Presidential Power in Historical Perspective: Reflections on Calabresi and Yoo's "The Unitary Executive"" (February 6–7, 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="9915929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915929" title="El Hombre que hizo el milagro">
El Hombre que hizo el milagro

El Hombre que hizo el milagro is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915935" title="Benedetta of Cagliari">
Benedetta of Cagliari

Benedetta (c. 1194 – 1232/1233) was the daughter and heiress of William I of Cagliari and Adelasia, daughter of Moroello Malaspina. She succeeded her father in January or February 1214. 
She was consecrated in 1214 by Riccus, Archbishop of Cagliari, in the presence of the higher clergy and the grandees. She swore an oath not to diminish the territory of the "giudicato", nor to alienate its castles, nor to make foreign alliances without their consent. Then, on 14 June, she married Barisone III of Arborea, son of Peter I, who was imprisoned by her father. He took the dynastic name "Torchitorio V" and they ruled their two "giudicati" jointly, each being cited in the acts of the other in their own "giudicato". Then, Benedetta made homage to the Holy See. 
With Archbishop Riccus, the bishop of Sulcis, and her husband, she made many donations to the churches of S. Giorgio di Suelle and the church of Sulcis. Benedetta favoured natives over Pisans for positions in her government and preferred to cultivate the economy of Sardinia than that of the Republic of Pisa. In 1215, the wrath of Pisa fell on her. 
In that year, Lambert Visconti, then judge of Gallura, landed a large army near Cagliari and took the dominating hilltop of S. Gilla, fortifying it. Benedetta was subsequently forced to flee her capital for the interior. In June 1216, she made a donation to the cathedral of Pisa in hopes of procuring their support, but in 1217, Lambert's brother, Ubald I Visconti, forced her to accept terms surrendering Cagliari. She received the "giudicato" back as fief from the consul of Pisa. However, violence between Sardinians and Pisans escalated in Cagliari and Benedetta and Barisone made an alliance with Comita III of Torres and the Republic of Genoa in hopes of expelling the Pisans. 
In her opposition to Pisa, however, Benedetta found support in Pope Honorius III. In February 1217, he annulled the election of the Pisan Marianus, then bishop of Suelli, to the archdiocese of Cagliari. In his place he sent Ugolino dei Conti, Cardinal Bishop of Ostia and Apostolic Legate to Corsica and Sardinia. He also urged Milan to aid Marianus II of Torres. In that spring, Barisone died and in 1218 Ubald arranged for his widow to contract a new marriage with the widowered Lambert, her one-time conqueror, in hopes of bringing peace to Cagliari. On 9 April 1220, the two were married, but the pope immediately pronounced his annulment. 
In December 1224, Benedetta renewed the oath of homage to the Holy See to Goffredo, the papal legate. She agreed to pay an annual tribute of twenty pounds of silver to the Holy See and not to contract any other marriage without papal approval and blessing. If she were to die without heirs, the pope would inherit Cagliari. The following years were ones of peace. In 1225-1226, Benedetta included her son William in several donations to various churches. But in the latter year, war began anew with Lambert's heir, Ubaldo II. 
In the following years, in order to protect herself from Ubaldo, she married twice more, both times without papal permission. Her third husband (1227) was Enrico di Ceola, a Pisan of the Capraia family who soon gained papal favour. Her fourth husband was Rinaldo de Glandis and their marriage was declared valid. Nevertheless, violence in Cagliari forced her to move to the castle of Santa Igia and then to Massa, her ancestral home. There she died, late 1232 or early 1233. By February 1233, Pope Gregory IX had given Massa and Potenzolo to Ugo di Procaria, while Cagliari was divied between the Visconti, Capraia, and Donoratico, Pisan families. Her heir was William. He reigned, but never ruled. Her sister Agnes and her husband, the aforementioned Marianus of Torres, held the regency.

</doc>
<doc id="9915939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915939" title="Interlachen High School">
Interlachen High School

Interlachen High School is a public high school located in Interlachen, Florida, operated by the Putnam County School Board. The current principal as of 2012 school year is Thomas Bolling, and the assistant principals are Rodney Symonds and Terri Channell.
Students.
There are currently 846 students enrolled at Interlachen High School. Most of the students come from close by middle schools C.H. Price Middle School , and Q.I. Roberts Middle School. The Dean of Students is Sharon Spell.
Interlachen High boasts much diversity: 
There is a 5% dropout rate and a 70% graduation rate. Sixty percent of the students qualify for free or reduced lunch, which is a significant increase from the state average of forty-six percent. The student-to-teacher ratio is approximately 20:1.
Academics.
Interlachen High School offers standard and Honors courses in the core curriculum (language arts, mathematics, social studies, science). An array of vocational programs are offered as well, including Agriscience, Business, Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, Criminal Justice and Health Science. Performing arts courses include Drama, Yearbook, Band, Color Guard, Culinary Arts, and Drawing/Painting.
IHS also has many after-school and extra-curricular programs. The school holds branches of several nationally recognized clubs, such as National Honor Society and Future Farmers of America. Other clubs include: Literacy Circle, Fellowship of Christian Students, and Circle of Diversity and Equality.
Band.
Interlachen High School's band (IHS Ram Band Page) actively competes in competitions and festivals. From 1993-2005 the band held a "Superior" rating streak from the by the Florida Music Educators Association. In the summer of 2007, the band traveled to London, England, to perform in front of Westminster Abbey. The color guard is among the few to have performed at Westminster Abbey. In 2009 the band also received a "Superior" at the Florida Bandmasters Association for marching with their show La Nouba.
Athletics.
Interlachen High School has a long and rich history of school sports. Hanging in the wall of its gymnasium are banners containing many proud achievements of athletes throughout the years, from District to State Champions. As recently as 2011 students from Interlachen High have entered in championships at the state level and placed in the top 10.
Baseball.
Jeff Finch's Varsity baseball team for 2008-2009 school year beat UCHS by the slaughter rule(10 points or more after 4th inning) for the first time in the schools history during the semi-final round of the District Championship, 
Interlachen went to finals against KHHS and was defeated, 10-6.

</doc>
<doc id="9915940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915940" title="El Hombre y su noche">
El Hombre y su noche

El Hombre y su noche is a 1958 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915945" title="Isla brava">
Isla brava

Isla brava is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Elsa Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="9915946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915946" title="Iowa Air National Guard">
Iowa Air National Guard

The Iowa Air National Guard (IA ANG) is the air force militia of the State of Iowa, United States of America. It is, along with the Iowa Army National Guard, an element of the Iowa National Guard. 
As state militia units, the units in the Iowa Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command. They are under the jurisdiction of the Governor of Iowa though the office of the Iowa Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the President of the United States. The Iowa Air National Guard is headquartered at Camp Dodge, Johnston, and its commander is Brigadier General Gregory Schwab.
Overview.
Under the "Total Force" concept, Iowa Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). Iowa ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the Iowa Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as state militia units the elements of the Iowa ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. State missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The Iowa Air National Guard consists of the following major units:
Support Unit Functions and Capabilities:
History.
On 24 May 1946, the United States Army Air Forces, in response to dramatic postwar military budget cuts imposed by President Harry S. Truman, allocated inactive unit designations to the National Guard Bureau for the formation of an Air Force National Guard. These unit designations were allotted and transferred to various State National Guard bureaus to provide them unit designations to re-establish them as Air National Guard units. 
The Iowa Air National Guard origins date to the formation of the 132d Fighter Group at Des Moines Municipal Airport, Des Moines, receiving federal recognition on 23 August 1946. It was equipped with F-51D Mustangs and its mission was the air defense of the state. In addition, the 174th Fighter Squadron was formed at Sioux Gateway Airport, Sioux City, receiving federal recognition on 23 August 1946. 18 September 1947, however, is considered the Iowa Air National Guard's official birth concurrent with the establishment of the United States Air Force as a separate branch of the United States military under the National Security Act.
On 1 October 1962 the 174th Tactical Fighter Squadron was expanded to a Group level, and the 185th Tactical Fighter Group received federal recognition and was activated.
Today, the 132d Fighter Wing deploys worldwide and executes directed tactical fighter sorties to destroy enemy forces, supplies, equipment, communications systems and installations with conventional weapons. The 185th Air Refueling Wing provides mid-air refueling and mobility sustainment in direct support of the global mission of the Air Force.
After the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, elements of every Air National Guard unit in Iowa has been activated in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Flight crews, aircraft maintenance personnel, communications technicians, air controllers and air security personnel were engaged in Operation Noble Eagle air defense overflights of major United States cities. Also, Iowa ANG units have been deployed overseas as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as well as other locations as directed.

</doc>
<doc id="9915949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915949" title="Rosaura at 10 O'Clock">
Rosaura at 10 O'Clock

"Rosaura at 10 O'Clock" () is a 1958 Argentine crime film directed by Mario Soffici, based on a novel by Marco Denevi. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="9915954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915954" title="Porcupine Tree discography">
Porcupine Tree discography

The following is a listing of officially released works by the English band Porcupine Tree. The band has released ten major studio albums, as well as many EP's, limited editions, and revamped material.
At the time Steven Wilson was going to sign to the Delerium label, he owned a lot of material recorded during the mid and later 80's that he had recorded subsequently on three demo tapes - "Tarquin's Seaweed Farm", "Love, Death & Mussolini" and "The Nostalgia Factory". He sent copies of those tapes to people he felt would be interested in the recordings, asking them to spread the word. Delerium originally intended to release all of that material in a double debut album, but Wilson decided to just pick the songs he considered the best ones. These songs were mastered to make Porcupine Tree's first studio album, "On the Sunday of Life..." (1991); all of the leftover tracks would be later released on a compilation album called "Yellow Hedgerow Dreamscape" (1994).
Richard Barbieri and Colin Edwin met Steven Wilson to play on a few songs he was working on. Again, there was an amount of songs written that would perfectly fit on a double album, but one of these songs saw the light prior to the release of their second studio album on the "Voyage 34" (1992) single, thereafter followed by "" (1993), and the other material ended up on the "Staircase Infinities" (1994) EP. Finally, ten tracks were chosen for their next studio album, "Up the Downstair" (1993), which "Melody Maker" described as "a psychedelic masterpiece". At the end of 1993, Chris Maitland joined the band for live shows and would later record some drums and percussions for three songs of Porcupine Tree's third studio album, "The Sky Moves Sideways" (1995), an album that made the press refer them as the "Pink Floyd of the nineties". They did not record as a full band until "Signify" (1996), the first Porcupine Tree album to be performed entirely by the four members. It contained shorter compositions and less improvisation than its predecessors.
The next album was delayed for almost three years as the band was looking for a new record label after finishing their deal with Delerium. In the meantime, they launched "Metanoia" (1998), a compilation of improvisations recorded during the "Signify" sessions, some of which were later shaped into songs. Finally, they signed to Snapper/K-Scope and the album "Stupid Dream" (1999) was issued. The album was a departure in style from all their previous works, in favour a more song-oriented direction, as a consequence this alienated some older fans but brought a lot of new ones. Its follow-up, "Lightbulb Sun" (2000), assured the fan base and solidified the ground of its predecessor. For this one, they worked with Dave Gregory of XTC, who provided string arrangements. A collection of EP tracks and out-takes from the previous two albums was launched a year after under the title of "Recordings" (2001).
"In Absentia" (2002) turned out to be one of their most successful works to date, remaining a favourite to many fans, charting in many European countries and selling over 100.000 copies in its first year of release. "Deadwing" (2005) appeared the Billboard chart at #132 of the Billboard 200 (which was the first entry the band achieved on the Billboard chart) and was voted #2 album of 2005 in "Sound & Vision", the most widely distributed US magazine in the field of home electronics and entertainment.
Porcupine Tree's next studio album, "Fear of a Blank Planet" (2007), debuted at #59 on the Billboard 200, won the "Album of the Year" award for the 2007 edition of the "Classic Rock" magazine awards, and was nominated for a Grammy Award in the "Best Surround Sound Album" category. The album features collaborations with Rush's guitarist Alex Lifeson and King Crimson's Robert Fripp.
On 2007 they collaborated with Yoko Ono on the song "Death of Samantha", in Ono's remix album "Yes, I'm a Witch".
In September 2007, they released "Nil Recurring", an EP of four leftover tracks from the recording sessions for "Fear of a Blank Planet". It was released on Transmission, the band's own record label as a limited edition of 5000 copies that did not take long to sell out through the band's online store, Burning Shed, forcing the band to keep printing more copies. Nevertheless, the EP was reissued on 18 February 2008 on Peaceville Records.
An in-store appearance at Park Avenue CDs in Orlando, Florida from 4 October 2007, was recorded and released on CD under the name of "We Lost The Skyline". The title is a reference to the lyrics on "The Sky Moves Sideways (Phase One)". The album was released on vinyl on 21 March 2008 and is the first official acoustic live record to be officially released by the band.
A live album from the "Fear of a Blank Planet" tour, "Ilosaarirock", was released in March 2009. It was recorded from their performance at the Ilosaarirock Festival on 14 July 2007. However, this album was only released to members of the Residents of a Blank Planet ticketing club.
On 15 September 2009, the band's tenth studio album was released, titled "The Incident", resulting in the best ranked Porcupine Tree album in the world charts to date.
Another live album from the "Fear of a Blank Planet" tour, "Atlanta", was released in June 2010 in order to help raise funds for Mick Karn's treatment for cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9915961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915961" title="Superperfect group">
Superperfect group

In mathematics, in the realm of group theory, a group is said to be superperfect when its first two homology groups are trivial: "H"1("G", Z) = "H"2("G", Z) = 0. This is stronger than a perfect group, which is one whose first homology group vanishes. In more classical terms, a superperfect group is one whose abelianization and Schur multiplier both vanish; abelianization equals the first homology, while the Schur multiplier equals the second homology.
Definition.
The first homology group of a group is the abelianization of the group itself, since the homology of a group "G" is the homology of any Eilenberg-MacLane space of type "K"("G", 1); the fundamental group of a "K"("G", 1) is "G", and the first homology of "K"("G", 1) is then abelianization of its fundamental group. Thus, if a group is superperfect, then it is perfect.
A finite perfect group is superperfect if and only if it is its own universal central extension (UCE), as the second homology group of a perfect group parametrizes central extensions.
Examples.
For example, if "G" is the fundamental group of a homology sphere, then "G" is superperfect. The smallest finite, non-trivial superperfect group is the binary icosahedral group (the fundamental group of the Poincaré homology sphere). 
The alternating group "A"5 is perfect but not superperfect: it has a non-trivial central extension, the binary icosahedral group (which is in fact its UCE, and is superperfect). More generally, the projective special linear groups PSL("n", "q") are simple (hence perfect) except for PSL(2, 2) and PSL(2, 3), but not superperfect, with the special linear groups SL("n","q") as central extensions. This family includes the binary icosahedral group (thought of as SL(2, 5)) as UCE of "A"5 (thought of as PSL(2, 5)).
Every acyclic group is superperfect, but the converse is not true: the binary icosahedral group is superperfect, but not acyclic.

</doc>
<doc id="9915976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915976" title="Street medicine">
Street medicine

Street Medicine is an emerging collaboration of health care professionals, formerly homeless outreach workers, and others that has been happening globally since the early 1990s. Street medicine practice is defined as those health care and related services that are delivered directly to persons sleeping on the streets, along the river banks, and in the abandoned buildings, "etc.", of cities. 
Pioneers of street medicine have been practicing their art as the world's homeless population has increased, but largely in isolation. Networking efforts over that past two decades have resulted in the recognition that a new field of medicine has emerged. The term Street Medicine, in this context, was coined by Dr. Jim Withers who has been one of the leaders in the movement. His program, Operation Safety Net in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has hosted the annual International Street Medicine Symposium in various cities since 2005. At this first meeting, the keynote speaker was Dr. Jack Preger. Preger has been practicing street medicine in Calcutta, India since 1979 and has founded the Calcutta Rescue relief agency. The group collaborates to improve the care of the unsheltered homeless ("rough sleepers"), to support street medicine practitioners, to conduct research, and to advocate for health care justice. As of 2007, twenty-one cities of the United States and eleven international cities in four continents are represented. 
The Street Medicine Institute is being formed as a nonprofit to coordinate and enhance these activities. It has been supported by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Glaxo Smith Kline Foundation. The purpose of the Institute includes the development of best practices for street medicine, the creation and enhancement of street medicine programs as requested, and the training of health care students who wish to specialize in the skills of street medicine practice. In 2007, the Street Medicine Fellowship was initiated through the Donald E. Withers, MD Memorial Fund for Street Medicine Education. 
The Street Medicine collaborative group welcomes any persons or groups that have an interest in improving the lives of those who sleep on the street. Major partners include the National Health Care for the Homeless Council (contact John Lozier) and the European Federation of National Organisations working with the Homeless (contact: http://www.feantsa.org).
External links.
Street medicine programs.
International and national
Local
Canada:
Denmark:
India:
The Netherlands:
Spain:
Sweden:
United States:

</doc>
<doc id="9915982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915982" title="La caída">
La caída

La caída is a 1959 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson. It won the Silver Condor Award for Best Film was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9915985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915985" title="Cerro Guanaco">
Cerro Guanaco

Cerro Guanaco is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915988" title="Campo arado">
Campo arado

Campo arado is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9915992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915992" title="Dagli Appennini alle Ande">
Dagli Appennini alle Ande

Dagli Appennini alle Ande is a 1959 Italian - Argentine film directed by Folco Quilici.

</doc>
<doc id="9915998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9915998" title="News in Hell">
News in Hell

News in Hell () is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9916007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916007" title="Chamber of States">
Chamber of States

The Chamber of States (German: "Länderkammer") was one of the two legislative chambers of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) from its founding in 1949 until 1952, at which time it was largely sidelined, when the five Länder (states) of East Germany were abolished and replaced with smaller administrative regions. The Chamber of States itself was abolished on 8 December 1958. The other chamber, which continued in existence until German reunification in 1990, was the People's Chamber ("Volkskammer").
In the Federal Republic of Germany the expression "Länderkammer" is sometimes used to denote the Bundesrat although it is not considered to be a parliament chamber.
Idea and reality.
After 1945, the Soviet military administration established the five "Länder" of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Brandenburg, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia.
Initially, in 1949, the communists aimed for a unitary state with some degree of decentralisation. Laws were to be made by the central legislature in East Berlin, and the Land authorities were responsible for the implementation of the laws.
The German Democratic Republic (GDR) quickly developed strong centralist tendencies, but initially operated in this bicameral framework in which the states were represented. The Chamber of States had theoretically the power to introduce bills and to veto laws proposed by the People's Chamber, although another vote in the People's Chamber could overturn such a veto. The Chamber of States never made use of this veto.
According to the Constitution of East Germany, in addition to a Chamber of Deputies (that is, the People's Chamber), a “provisional Land Chamber” was formed. The fifty members of the Land Chamber were to be determined by the assemblies in the various Länder, according to the memberships of these assemblies. Sachsen sent 13 delegates, Sachsen-Anhalt and Thuringia 10 each, Brandenburg nine, and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania seven. East Berlin sent non-voting 13 delegates owing to the city's legal status. (A similar arrangement existed in West Berlin. in which the city's delegates in the Bundesrat had no voting rights.)
In 1952, the East German Länder were abolished. The Chamber of States remained in existence, but became increasingly redundant. Since the Landtagen could no longer meet to elect members of the Chamber of States, the 1954 delegates for each Land were chosen by a special meeting of the District Assemblies ("Bezirkstage") of that state. The members of the Chamber of States elected in 1958 were directly elected by their "Bezirkstage". These delegates were appointed as a "suicide squad," raising no objection as the People's Chamber abolished the Chamber of States on 8 December 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9916015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916015" title="Colm Cavanagh">
Colm Cavanagh

Colm Cavanagh is a Tyrone Gaelic footballer from Moy. He is the younger brother of treble All Star-winner Tyrone player, Sean. He also plays for the University of Ulster team, and in 2007, reached the Sigerson Cup Final.
He was part of the Tyrone Under-21 team won the Ulster Championship in 2006.
Senior inter-county career.
His Tyrone Senior career was shrouded in controversy from the beginning. He made his debut for Tyrone in the 2007 Dr McKenna Cup, however, he had also been selected by his University team for the competition. The competition rules state that in such an event, the University should get first choice of the player, in order to even up the competition. Tyrone manager, Mickey Harte refused to obey this rule, contending that it should be up to the players to decide who they wish to play for. Four Tyrone players were caught up in the dispute; Cavanagh, Brendan Boggs, Damien McCaul (who all play for the University of Ulster) and St. Mary's University, Belfast player, Cathal McCarron.<br>Tyrone were docked points for the match the players participated in, but still progressed to go on to win the competition.
He has continued unabated, however, and has consistently been on the starting line-up for Tyrone in their 2007 National League campaign.
In his Ulster Championship debut, on May 20, 2007, against Fermanagh, Cavanagh was having a solid game, until an accidental collision left him badly injured. The game was delayed for over seven minutes while he was receiving treatment, and was taken to hospital as a precaution. Initial fears about a serious neck injury were allayed as he was discharged from hospital soon after the end of the match.
The injury ruled him out of Tyrone's next fixture against Donegal.

</doc>
<doc id="9916018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916018" title="Jonathan Evans (MI5 officer)">
Jonathan Evans (MI5 officer)

Sir Jonathan Evans KCB (born 1958) was Director-General of the British Security Service, the United Kingdom's domestic security and counter-intelligence service. He took over the role on the retirement of his predecessor Eliza Manningham-Buller (later, Lady Manningham-Buller ) on 21 April 2007. Sir Jonathan Evans was succeeded by Andrew Parker on 22 April 2013.
Biography.
He was educated at Sevenoaks School and Bristol University where he read classical studies, Evans joined the Security Service in 1980, and initially worked in counter espionage.
In 1985 he moved to the protective security function, dealing with internal and personnel security, before switching to domestic counter-terrorism in the late 1980s. For more than a decade he was involved with the effort to combat the domestic threat of groups such as the Provisional IRA during The Troubles.
In 1999, with the violence in Northern Ireland greatly reduced due to the Good Friday Agreement, Evans moved to G-Branch, the section of MI5 which deals with international terrorism. There he became an expert on al-Qaeda and other branches of Islamic terrorism. He rose to head the section in 2001 (only a few days before the September 11, 2001 attacks), a position which put him on the service's board of management. In 2005, he became Deputy Director-General before being promoted to head the organisation in 2007.
In November 2007 Evans talked publicly about the threat the UK faces from digital espionage. He is an "ex officio" Member of the Council of the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies where he spoke on National Security in February 2008. He has a Certificate in Company Direction from the Institute of Directors.
In July 2010 the government revealed Evans received an annual salary of £159,999.
In September 2010, Evans said that Anwar al-Awlaki was the West’s Public Enemy No 1.
In January 2012, the "Daily Mail" newspaper alleged that Evans had been leading a "lobbying campaign" to allow the use of secret evidence in court, and give government ministers "sweeping powers" to withhold evidence they deem 'sensitive' from civil court hearings and inquests. 
Evans was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to defence.
Sir Jonathan Evans was succeeded by Andrew Parker on 22 April 2013.
After retiring as Director General, Evans joined the Board of HSBC Holdings as a Non-Executive Director. He is also a Non-Executive Director of the UK National Crime Agency, a Senior Associate Fellow at the Royal United Services Institute and an Honorary Professor at the University of St Andrews. He writes occasionally in the Sunday Times on classic cars.

</doc>
<doc id="9916021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916021" title="Diario (film)">
Diario (film)

Diario is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916022" title="Jose Maria Alviso Adobe">
Jose Maria Alviso Adobe

The Jose Maria Alviso Adobe, located in Milpitas, California, United States, was the home of José María Alviso, an early "alcalde" (mayor) of neighboring Pueblo de San Jose. It was built in 1837 and enlarged in the early 1850s, and stands as an excellent example of the Monterey Colonial style of architecture popularized throughout California in the 1830s and 1840s. It is the only remaining example of this style in the Santa Clara Valley and San Francisco Bay Area. The adobe is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The building is the result of a major remodeling completed by 1853 by the Alviso family. They added a wood-frame second floor to the family's one-story adobe house. Before the remodeling in 1853, the earlier building, built around 1837, most likely as a one-story adobe, provided the thick adobe walls of the first floor. The Alviso Adobe is a two-story residence with a hipped roof and a balcony carried on three sides. The plan of the rectangular residence is symmetrical, comprising three rooms downstairs with three upstairs rooms. The Alviso Adobe contains a remarkable amount of historic fabric--adobe walls from the 1830s, examples of framing and doors, windows, hardware from 1853 and an almost intact 1920s kitchen. It is unusual to find a building as little altered over a period of 150 years.
The Alviso Adobe exhibits the character-defining features of the Monterey style: wood-shingled hipped roof, wood balconies on three sides, paired French doors opening to the outside, multi-paned windows, interior fireplaces, and a symmetrical layout. 
The property is presently under renovation. The project work comprises the upgrading of the existing historic farm to reflect the theme of a working ranch and orchard as it would have appeared in the 1920s. A number of mature trees are present on the site. A barn containing timbers dating to the 1840s was recently demolished. Both historic and prehistoric subsurface cultural remains have been documented in the vicinity of the residence.

</doc>
<doc id="9916026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916026" title="Mike Antonovich">
Mike Antonovich

Mike Antonovich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9916028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916028" title="En la vía">
En la vía

En la vía is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916031" title="Cathryn Fitzpatrick">
Cathryn Fitzpatrick

Cathryn Lorraine Fitzpatrick (born 4 March 1968 in Melbourne) is a former Australian cricketer. She was recognised as the world's fastest women pace bowler, bowling at up to 125 km/h. She announced her retirement from international and state cricket in March 2007, intending to concentrate on coaching.
Fitzpatrick played domestic cricket for Victorian Spirit, appearing in 103 domestic matches. She made her international debut for Australia in 1991. She played in 13 Test matches, scoring 152 runs at a batting average of 16.88, including one half-century. She took 60 Test wickets at a bowling average of 19.11. Only one Australian woman has taken more Test wickets. She also played in 109 Women's One-day Internationals, scoring 651 runs at 16.69 and taking 180 wickets at 16.79, the most wickets for any woman in ODIs. She also played in two international Twenty20 matches.
She was a member of the Australian team that won the Women's Cricket World Cup in 1997 and 2005. She won the Australian International Woman Cricketer of the Year award (presented at the Allan Border Medal night) in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9916033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916033" title="Evangelina (film)">
Evangelina (film)

Evangelina is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Kurt Land.

</doc>
<doc id="9916037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916037" title="Casino Zodiak">
Casino Zodiak

Casino Zodiak is a Kazakh-American gaming company which operates a number of casinos in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Egypt, and Northern Cyprus.
Its first casino was introduced in 2002 in the city of Almaty.
Locations include:
Opened

</doc>
<doc id="9916045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916045" title="Be Tender with Me Baby">
Be Tender with Me Baby

"Be Tender with Me Baby" is a song by recording artist Tina Turner. Written by Albert Hammond and Holly Knight and produced by Dan Hartman, it was released as a single from Turner's 1989 "Foreign Affair" album in 1990. Released as a single in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Continental Europe only, it reached number 18 in Ireland, number 28 in the United Kingdom and number 35 in the Netherlands. The accompanying music video decpits Turner performing the track at a 1990 concert at Woburn Abbey during her "Foreign Affair" Tour as an encore, and the seven-minute live version was also included on the single.

</doc>
<doc id="9916046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916046" title="La Venenosa">
La Venenosa

La Venenosa is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916050" title="Bankfoot">
Bankfoot

Bankfoot is a village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland, approximately eight miles north of Perth and seven miles south of Dunkeld. Bankfoot had a population of 1,136 in 2001.
Education.
The village has a primary school – Auchtergaven Primary School – which is named after the Church of Scotland parish of Auchtergaven, in which Bankfoot resides.
Pubs and hotels.
The village has one licensed premises: The Bankfoot Inn. The Bankoot Inn, is a restored 18th-century coaching inn, which has a public bar with real ales, a lounge bar with real fire and a restaurant. The inn hosts live music every month and also hosts a weekly "open session", in which musicians can bring along an instrument and join in. The inn also has bedrooms.
Public spaces.
The Bankfoot Church Centre opened in October 2008 to replace the nineteenth century church building which was destroyed by fire in February 2004. The building is used every day by many groups, fitting its tag line during the build "Bankfoot Church and Community Building together".
Sport.
Football.
Bankfoot is home to the junior football club Bankfoot Athletic.
Other sports.
Bankfoot has a tennis club with two courts, a badminton club and a bowling club, which hosted the Caledonia Challenge Cup in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9916055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916055" title="Gringalet (film)">
Gringalet (film)

Gringalet is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916058" title="Just Reality">
Just Reality

Just Reality is the second album release by dancehall and reggae artist Shabba Ranks. This album was not as popular as his first album "Rappin' With the Ladies", as "Just Reality" did not receive as many good reviews as his its predecessor.

</doc>
<doc id="9916064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916064" title="Una Gran señora">
Una Gran señora

Una Gran señora is a 1959 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916069" title="I Was Born in Buenos Aires">
I Was Born in Buenos Aires

I Was Born in Buenos Aires () is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Francisco Múgica.

</doc>
<doc id="9916073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916073" title="Three Loves in Rio">
Three Loves in Rio

Three Loves in Rio (, ) is a 1959 Brazilian-Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9916074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916074" title="Antoine Thomas">
Antoine Thomas

Antoine Thomas (25 January 1644 – 29 June 1709) was a Belgian Jesuit priest, missionary and astronomer in China.
Early life.
Born in Namur (Belgium) in 1644, he joined the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) in 1660 and first taught in the schools of Armentières, Huy and Tournai. Equipped with a thorough training in Mathematics and Astronomy he was sent, at his own request as missionary to China (1677). After a long and difficult sea journey - passing through Goa, Siam (Thailand) and Malacca - he reached Macau in 1682 just in time to observe an eclipse of the Sun (1683).
At the Chinese Imperial Court.
He was called by the aging Father Ferdinand Verbiest, who had just found himself appointed 'Vice-President of the Tribunal of Mathematics', a very important and influential post in the Chinese empire, to join him in Peking. At the death of Verbiest (1688) Thomas took his place as the main mathematician and astronomical expert of China. For twenty years he was then a close adviser to the emperor Kangxi who, beyond scientific questions, consulted him also on moral and religious matters. In 1692 he obtained an 'edict of tolerance' that gave to the missionaries almost complete freedom to preach Christianity.
The Chinese Rites Controversy.
At a time when the future of Christian faith seemed to be bright in China the Chinese Rites controversy was raging in Europe. Charles-Thomas Maillard de Tournon, a papal legate, arrived in Peking in 1705 purportedly to inquire on the orthodoxy of the Chinese rites (particularly the 'Veneration of Ancestors' ritual, accepted by the Jesuits). In fact Tournon's mind was made up. By disregarding completely Chinese customs and etiquette, he offended the emperor who had first received him well. No pleading of Antoine Thomas, then Superior of the Jesuits in China, could prevent Tournon from issuing a decree from Nanking (1707) obliging the missionaries under severe penalties to abolish those rites. A last desperate attempt of Thomas, beseeching the legate to defer the implementation of the decree till further news were received from Rome, fell on deaf ears. Antoine Thomas died soon after (1709 in Peking), and was buried close to his friend and predecessor Ferdinand Verbiest in the Jesuit cemetery of Peking.
Main work.
"Synopsis mathematica", Douai, 1685.

</doc>
<doc id="9916076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916076" title="Melanin-concentrating hormone receptor">
Melanin-concentrating hormone receptor

Two Melanin-concentrating hormone receptors (MCHR) have recently been characterized: MCH-R1 and MCH-R2. These two receptors share approximately 38% homology.
Clinical significance.
Antagonists might be useful in the treatment of obesity and anxiety and depression. An agonist might have possible utility as a treatment for osteoporosis and insomnia 
Research is ongoing for antagonists affecting MCH receptors R1 and R2.

</doc>
<doc id="9916078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916078" title="Cora DuBois">
Cora DuBois

Cora Alice Du Bois, (October 26, 1903 – April 7, 1991) was an American cultural anthropologist and a key figure in culture and personality studies and in psychological anthropology more generally. 
Biography.
DuBois was born in New York City on October 26, 1903 to Mattie Schreiber Du Bois and Jean Du Bois, immigrants to the U.S. from Switzerland. She spent most of her childhood in New Jersey, where she graduated from high school in Perth Amboy. She spent a year studying library science at the New York Public Library and then attended Barnard College, graduating with a B.A. in history in 1927. She earned an M.A. in history from Columbia University in 1928.
Encouraged by an anthropology course taught by Ruth Benedict and Franz Boas at Columbia, DuBois moved to California to study anthropology with Native American specialists Alfred L. Kroeber and Robert Lowie. She received her Ph.D. in anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley in 1932. In part due to prejudices against women academics, she was initially unable to find a university position. She remained at Berkeley as a teaching fellow and research assistant from 1932 to 1935. She conducted salvage ethnography on several Native American groups of northern California and the Pacific Northwest, including the Wintu Indians of northern California. She published "The 1870 Ghost Dance" in 1939, a study of a religious movement among Native Americans in the Western U.S.
In 1935, Du Bois received a National Research Council Fellowship to undertake clinical training and explore possible collaborations between anthropology and psychiatry. She spent six months the Boston Psychopathic Hospital, now the Massachusetts Mental Health Center, and six months at the New York Psychoanalytic Society. In New York she worked with psychiatrist Abram Kardiner, who became her mentor and collaborator for several projects in cross-cultural diagnosis and the psychoanalytic study of culture. Du Bois also taught at Hunter College in 1936-1937 while developing a fieldwork project to test their new ideas. 
From 1937 to 1939, DuBois lived and conducted research on the island of Alor, part of the Netherlands East Indies, now Indonesia. She collected detailed case studies, life-history interviews, and administered various personality tests (including Rorschach tests), which she interpreted in collaboration with Kardiner and published as "The People of Alor: A Social-Psychological Study of an East Indian Island" in 1944. One of her major theoretical advances in this work was the concept of "modal personality structure". With this notion she modified earlier ideas in the Culture and Personality school of anthropology on "basic personality structure" by demonstrating that, while there is always individual variation within a culture, each culture favors the development of a particular type or types, which will be the most common within that culture. Her work strongly influenced other psychiatric anthropologists, including Robert I. Levy, with his person-centered ethnography, and Melford Spiro. 
Like many other American social scientists during World War II, DuBois served as a member of the Office of Strategic Services working in the Research and Analysis Branch as Chief of the Indonesia section. In 1944 she moved to Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) to serve as chief of research and analysis for the Army's Southeast Asia Command. There she began a lesbian relationship with Jeanne Taylor, another OSS employee. They lived together as a couple and in the mid-1950s they visited Paul and Julia Child in Paris. DuBois and Taylor, "her companion," according to her Harvard Library biographer, "enjoyed an active social life" in the 1970s.
She left the OSS after World War II and from 1945 to 1949 was Southeast Asia Branch Chief in the State Department's Office of Intelligence Research. In 1950, she declined an appointment to succeed Kroeber as head of the anthropology department at Berkeley rather than sign the California Loyalty Oath required of all faculty members. DuBois worked for the World Health Organization in 1950-51. In 1954, she accepted an appointment at Harvard University as the second person to hold of the Zimurray Chair at Radcliffe College. She was the first woman tenured in Harvard's Anthropology Department and the second woman tenured in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at Harvard. She conducted research between 1961 and 1967 on the temple city of Bhubaneswar in the Indian state of Orissa, where a number of graduate students in Anthropology and Social Relations conducted fieldwork. 
DuBois was president of the American Anthropological Association in 1968-69 and of the Association for Asian Studies in 1969-70. 
In 1970 she retired from Harvard but continued teaching as Professor-at-large at Cornell University (1971–1976) and for one term at the University of California, San Diego (1976). She died in Brookline, Massachusetts, on April 7, 1991. Most of her research materials and personal papers are held in Tozzer Library at Harvard University. Some are in the Regenstein Library at the University of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="9916079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916079" title="Mi esqueleto">
Mi esqueleto

Mi esqueleto is a 1959 Argentine comedy film directed by Lucas Demare. It stars Luis Sandrini, Julia Sandoval, Franca Boni and Mario Pocoví. César Maranghello called the film a "fiasco".

</doc>
<doc id="9916107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916107" title="Smoking in Uruguay">
Smoking in Uruguay

Smoking in Uruguay in enclosed public spaces became illegal on 1 March 2006. On that date, bars, restaurants or offices where people are caught smoking, began facing fines of more than $1,100 or a three-day closure. Uruguay was the first country in Latin America to ban smoking in enclosed public spaces.
Anti-smoking groups estimate that as many as a third of Uruguay's 3.4 million people smoke. Ex-President Tabaré Vázquez, a practicing oncologist, has cited reports suggesting about seven people die each day in Uruguay from smoking-related causes including lung cancer, emphysema and other illnesses.
To help promote the plan, president Vazquez launched a campaign called "A Million Thanks," which is a reference to the number of Uruguayan smokers. So far, the campaign seems to have won these people over, as an opinion poll conducted by the Ministry of Public Health states that close to 70% of the country's smokers support the legislation.
The president was the impetus behind the government-decreed measure, which is among the world’s toughest and is similar to bans already in place in Ireland, Sweden, and Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="9916118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916118" title="El Campeón soy yo">
El Campeón soy yo

El Campeón soy yo is a 1960 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916121" title="Dos tipos con suerte">
Dos tipos con suerte

Dos tipos con suerte is a 1960 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Miguel Morayta. It stars Miguel Aceves Mejía and Ana Casares. Production design for the film was by Emilio Rodríguez Mentasti.

</doc>
<doc id="9916129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916129" title="Chafalonías">
Chafalonías

Chafalonías is a 1960 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Luis Sandrini.

</doc>
<doc id="9916132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916132" title="El Crack">
El Crack

El Crack is a 1960 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9916134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916134" title="Olympus mju iii 150">
Olympus mju iii 150

The Olympus μ [mju:]-III 150 is a 35mm compact camera.
Features.
It has an extra-low dispersion lens which zooms from 37.5 to 150 mm, and an 11 point autofocus system. The camera is almost entirely automatic, but it does allow spot metering, 6 flash modes and infinity focus. It has an infra red sensor to allow it to be used with a proprietary remote control. It also has a self-timer. The manufacturer claims an all weather design, and this is written on top of the camera, by this they mean it is splashproof. It is still vulnerable to damage from direct sunlight and extremes of temperature (below -10 and above 40 degrees Celsius). It has a sliding lens cover, which acts as an on/off switch. It also blocks the viewfinder when closed, so the viewfinder can only be used when the camera is on and the flash charged, meaning the battery is being drained. It accepts film speeds between ISO 50 and 3200 using DX coding. Non DX-Coded-film is set at ISO 100. It uses one lithium battery size 123A.
Exposure Modes.
It has the following Exposure Modes:
Special Features.
It has the following special features:
Flash Modes.
It has the following flash modes:
Flash distances.
The manufacturer claims the following flash effective distances:
Date Function.
There is also a quartz date model (QD). This allows the user to imprint any of the following in the bottom right hand corner of the photograph:

</doc>
<doc id="9916140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916140" title="Gila Pueblo Archaeological Foundation">
Gila Pueblo Archaeological Foundation

The Gila Pueblo Archaeological Foundation was founded in 1928 in Globe, Arizona by Harold S. Gladwin and Winifred (MacMurdy) Gladwin. The purpose of the foundation was to conduct archaeological research in the American Southwest and surrounding areas.
Beginning.
Harold S. Gladwin was a New York City stockbroker who left his position there and moved to Santa Barbara, California. There he met his future wife Winifred and William North Duane who introduced Gladwin to his cousin, the famous Southwestern archaeologist A.V. Kidder. Gladwin spent two field seasons with Kidder in northern Arizona. It was at that time when Gladwin's passion and curiosity for the Southwest grew and inspired him to start Gila Pueblo.
Research.
With the backing and funding of Gladwin Gila Pueblo was able to do excavations and research throughout the Southwest. One of the most important contributions made by people working for Gila Pueblo was defining the Hohokam culture. One of the people inviolved in this definition was the young Emil Haury. In 1930 Haury became the assistant director of Gila Pueblo.
Another accomplishment made by Gila Pueblo was the defining of the Cochise Culture.
In 1950 Gila Pueblo shut down and donated its collection to the Arizona State Museum. The records are held by the Arizona State Museum Library & Archives with the finding aid located on Arizona Archives Online.
The building in which the foundation was located, now part of Eastern Arizona College, is on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="9916153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916153" title="Steady Groovin'">
Steady Groovin'

"Steady Groovin': The Blue Note Groove Sides" is a compilation album by jazz musician John Scofield. The tracks found on this album are the exact versions found on previously released Scofield recordings during his tenure on Blue Note Records from November 1989 until June 1995.
Musicians.
This John Scofield album consists of John Scofield (guitar); Eddie Harris, Billy Drewes, Joe Lovano (tenor saxophone); Howard Johnson (baritone saxophone, tuba, bass clarinet); Randy Brecker (trumpet, flugelhorn); John Clark (French horn); Jim Pugh, Steve Turre (trombone); Larry Goldings (Organ); Bill Frisell (guitar); Dennis Irwin, Charlie Haden, Marc Johnson (bass guitar); Bill Stewart, Idris Muhammad, Jack DeJohnette, Joey Baron (drums); Don Alias (percussion).
The tracks on this album were digitally remastered by Odea Murphy (Capitol Studios, Los Angeles, California).

</doc>
<doc id="9916154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916154" title="Casterton Business and Enterprise College">
Casterton Business and Enterprise College

Casterton Business and Enterprise College (previously Casterton Community College) is one of three secondary schools in the county of Rutland, England. Located in the village of Great Casterton, the school provides education for 11 to 16 year olds, as well as a Childcare Centre for the under 5s and an adult education programme. It opened as Great Casterton Secondary Modern School in the 1950s. 
The catchment area is the eastern part of Rutland including Cottesmore, Empingham and Ketton but the college attracts many of its students from Stamford, across the Lincolnshire boundary.
The college was judged outstanding by Ofsted in November 2010.
With the withdrawal of the Tresham Institute from providing post-16 education in Rutland, CBEC took over responsibility in 2010 for Rutland College which has been renamed Rutland County College.

</doc>
<doc id="9916170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9916170" title="Different Than You">
Different Than You

"Different Than You" was the first single from The Exies album, "A Modern Way of Living with the Truth".
This was first announced on the Exies webpage.
Scott Stevens said "the song is about breaking down boundaries" at an acoustic performance.
This song is also used in the feature film, "".

</doc>
