<doc id="9810476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810476" title="Zombie (fictional)">
Zombie (fictional)

Zombies are fictional creatures, typically depicted as mindless, reanimated corpses with a hunger for human flesh, regularly encountered in horror and fantasy themed works. Some depictions are inspired by Haitian folklore, while others, like the ones in George A. Romero's film "Night of the Living Dead", do not have that same direct connection. Zombies have a complex literary heritage, with antecedents ranging from Richard Matheson and H. P. Lovecraft to Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein" drawing on European folklore of the undead. The popularity of zombies in movies has led to them sometimes having been taken out of their usual element of horror and thrown into other genres, for example the comedy film "Shaun of the Dead". The "zombie apocalypse" concept, in which the civilized world is brought low by a global zombie infestation, has become a staple of modern popular art.
Evolution of the zombie archetype.
The flesh-hungry undead have been a fixture of world mythology dating at least since The "Epic of Gilgamesh", in which the goddess Ishtar promises:
"Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley, while not a zombie novel in particular, prefigures many 20th century ideas about zombies in that the resurrection of the dead is portrayed as a scientific process rather than a mystical one, and that the resurrected dead are degraded and more violent than their living selves. "Frankenstein", published in 1818, has its roots in European folklore, whose tales of vengeful dead also informed the evolution of the modern conception of vampires as well as zombies. Later notable 19th century stories about the avenging undead included Ambrose Bierce's "The Death of Halpin Frayser", and various Gothic Romanticism tales by Edgar Allan Poe. Though their works could not be properly considered zombie fiction, the supernatural tales of Bierce and Poe would prove influential on later undead-themed writers such as H. P. Lovecraft, by Lovecraft's own admission.
In the 1920s and early 1930s, the American horror author H. P. Lovecraft wrote several novelettes that explored the undead theme from different angles. "Cool Air", "In the Vault", and "The Outsider" all deal with the undead, but the most definitive "zombie-type" story in Lovecraft's oeuvre was 1921's "Herbert West–Reanimator", which "helped define zombies in popular culture". This "Frankenstein"-inspired series featured Herbert West, a mad scientist who attempts to revive human corpses with mixed results. Notably, the resurrected dead are uncontrollable, mostly mute, primitive and extremely violent; though they are not referred to as zombies, their portrayal was prescient, anticipating the modern conception of zombies by several decades.
Avenging zombies would feature prominently in the early 1950s EC Comics such as "Tales from the Crypt", which George A. Romero would later claim as an influence. The comics, including "Tales", "Vault of Horror" and "Weird Science", featured avenging undead in the Gothic tradition quite regularly, including adaptations of Lovecraft's stories which included "In the Vault", "Cool Air" and "Herbert West–Reanimator".
Richard Matheson's 1954 novel "I Am Legend", although classified as a vampire story would nonetheless have definitive impact on the zombie genre by way of George A. Romero. The novel and its 1964 film adaptation, "The Last Man on Earth", which concern a lone human survivor waging war against a world of vampires, would by Romero's own admission greatly influence his 1968 low-budget film "Night of the Living Dead"; a work that would prove to be more influential on the concept of zombies than any literary or cinematic work before it.
The name "zombie".
How these creatures came to be called "zombies" is not fully clear. The film "Night of the Living Dead" made no spoken reference to its undead antagonists as "zombies", describing them instead as "ghouls", though this is inaccurate if compared to the original "ghoul" of Arabic folklore because in Arabic myth ghouls are demons. Although George Romero used the term "ghoul" in his original scripts, in later interviews he used the term "zombie". The word "zombie" is used exclusively by Romero in his 1978 script for his sequel "Dawn of the Dead", including once in dialog. According to George Romero, film critics were influential in associating the term "zombie" to his creatures, and especially the French magazine "Les Cahiers du Cinéma". He eventually accepted this linkage even though he remained convinced at the time that "zombies" corresponded to Bela Lugosi's creatures.
One of the first books to expose Western culture to the concept of the Vodun zombie was "The Magic Island" by W.B. Seabrook in 1929. This is the sensationalized account of a narrator who encounters voodoo cults in Haiti and their resurrected thralls. "Time" claimed that the book "introduced 'zombi' into U.S. speech".
In 1932, Victor Halperin directed "White Zombie", a horror film starring Bela Lugosi. Here zombies are depicted as mindless, unthinking henchmen under the spell of an evil magician. Zombies, often still using this voodoo-inspired rationale, were initially uncommon in cinema, but their appearances continued sporadically through the 1930s to the 1960s, with notable films including "I Walked with a Zombie" (1943) and "Plan 9 from Outer Space" (1959).
Voodoo related zombie themes have also appeared in espionage or adventure themed works outside the horror genre. For example, the original "Jonny Quest" series (1964) and the James Bond novel and movie "Live and Let Die" both feature Caribbean villains who falsely claim the voodoo power of zombification in order to keep others in fear of them.
George A. Romero and the modern zombie film.
The modern conception of the zombie owes itself almost entirely to George A. Romero's 1968 film "Night of the Living Dead". In his films, Romero "bred the zombie with the vampire, and what he got was the hybrid vigour of a ghoulish plague monster". This entailed an apocalyptic vision of monsters that have come to be known as Romero zombies.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" chided theater owners and parents who allowed children access to the film. "I don't think the younger kids really knew what hit them," complained Ebert. "They were used to going to movies, sure, and they'd seen some horror movies before, sure, but this was something else." According to Ebert, the film affected the audience immediately:"The kids in the audience were stunned. There was almost complete silence. The movie had stopped being delightfully scary about halfway through, and had become unexpectedly terrifying. There was a little girl across the aisle from me, maybe nine years old, who was sitting very still in her seat and crying." Romero's reinvention of zombies is notable in terms of its thematics; he used zombies not just for their own sake, but as a vehicle "to criticize real-world social ills—such as government ineptitude, bioengineering, slavery, greed and exploitation—while indulging our post-apocalyptic fantasies". "Night" was the first of six films in Romero's "Living Dead" series. Its first sequel, "Dawn of the Dead", was released in 1978.
Lucio Fulci's "Zombi 2" was released just months after "Dawn of the Dead" and acted as an unofficial sequel ("Dawn of the Dead" was released in several other countries as "Zombi" or "Zombie").
1980s and 1990s.
The 1981 film "Hell of the Living Dead" referenced a mutagenic gas as a source of zombie contagion: an idea also used in Dan O'Bannon's 1985 film "Return of the Living Dead". "Return of the Living Dead" featured zombies that hungered specifically for brains.
The mid-1980s produced few zombie films of note. Perhaps the most notable entry, "The Evil Dead" series, while highly influential are not technically zombie films but films about demonic possession, despite the presence of the undead. 1985's "Re-Animator", loosely based on the Lovecraft story, stood out in the genre, achieving nearly unanimous critical acclaim, and becoming a modest success, nearly outstripping Romero's "Day of the Dead" for box office returns.
After the mid-1980s, the subgenre was mostly relegated to the underground. Notable entries include director Peter Jackson's ultra-gory film "Braindead" (1992) (released as "Dead Alive" in the U.S.), Bob Balaban's comic 1993 film "My Boyfriend's Back" where a self-aware high school boy returns to profess his love for a girl and his love for human flesh, and Michele Soavi's "Dellamorte Dellamore" (1994) (released as "Cemetery Man" in the U.S.). Several years later, zombies experienced a renaissance in low-budget Asian cinema, with a sudden spate of dissimilar entries including "Bio Zombie" (1998), "Wild Zero" (1999), "Junk" (1999), "Versus" (2000) and "Stacy" (2001).
2000s and 2010s.
The turn of the millennium coincided with a decade of box-office successes in which the zombie sub-genre experienced a resurgence: the "Resident Evil" movies (2002, 2004, 2007, 2010, 2012); the "Dawn of the Dead" remake (2004), the British films "28 Days Later" and "28 Weeks Later" (2002, 2007) and the comedy/homage "Shaun of the Dead" (2004). The new interest allowed Romero to create the fourth entry in his zombie series: "Land of the Dead", released in the summer of 2005. Romero returned to the series with the films "Diary of the Dead" (2008) and "Survival of the Dead" (2010).
Generally the zombies in these situations are the slow, lumbering and unintelligent kind first made popular in "Night of the Living Dead". Motion pictures created within the 2000s, however, like the "Dawn of the Dead" remake, and "House of the Dead", have featured zombies that are more agile, vicious, intelligent, and stronger than the traditional zombie. Some are not cannibals craving "brains", but instead behave as "vectors" in spreading the infection to the non-infected, (as in "Helix" and "World War Z"). In many cases, these fast-moving zombies are depicted as living humans infected with a mutagenic or mind-altering pathogen (as in "28 Days Later", "Zombieland", and "Left 4 Dead") as a result of an epidemic or biological agent.
Zombie apocalypse.
Intimately tied to the conception of the modern zombie is the "zombie apocalypse"; the breakdown of society as a result of an initial zombie outbreak which spreads. This archetype has emerged as a prolific subgenre of apocalyptic fiction and has been portrayed in many zombie-related media after "Night of the Living Dead". In a zombie apocalypse, a widespread (usually global) rise of zombies hostile to human life engages in a general assault on civilization. Victims of zombies may become zombies themselves. This causes the outbreak to become an exponentially growing crisis: the spreading "zombie plague/virus" swamps normal military and law enforcement organizations, leading to the panicked collapse of civilian society until only isolated pockets of survivors remain, scavenging for food and supplies in a world reduced to a pre-industrial hostile wilderness. 
Subtext.
The usual subtext of the zombie apocalypse is that civilization is inherently fragile in the face of truly unprecedented threats and that most individuals cannot be relied upon to support the greater good if the personal cost becomes too high. The narrative of a zombie apocalypse carries strong connections to the turbulent social landscape of the United States in the 1960s when "Night of the Living Dead" was first created. Many also feel that zombies allow people to deal with their own anxiety about the end of the world. One scholar concluded that "more than any other monster, zombies are fully and literally apocalyptic ... they signal the end of the world as we have known it."
Due to a large number of thematic films and video games, the idea of a zombie apocalypse has entered the mainstream and there have been efforts by many fans to prepare for the hypothetical future zombie apocalypse. Efforts include creating weapons and selling educational material informing people on how to survive a zombie outbreak, although most of these are tongue-in-cheek and do not represent an authentic belief that a zombie apocalypse in the near future is likely.
Story elements.
There are several common themes that create a zombie apocalypse:
The stories usually follow a single group of survivors, caught up in the sudden rush of the crisis. The narrative generally progresses from the onset of the zombie plague, then initial attempts to seek the aid of authorities, the failure of those authorities, through to the sudden catastrophic collapse of all large-scale organization and the characters' subsequent attempts to survive on their own. Such stories are often squarely focused on the way their characters react to such an extreme catastrophe, and how their personalities are changed by the stress, often acting on more primal motivations (fear, self-preservation) than they would display in normal life.
In popular culture.
The figure of the zombie has appeared several times in fantasy themed fiction and entertainment, as early as the 1929 novel "The Magic Island" by William Seabrook. "Time" claimed that the book "introduced 'zombi' into U.S. speech". In 1932, Victor Halperin directed "White Zombie", a horror film starring Bela Lugosi. This film, capitalizing on the same voodoo zombie themes as Seabrook's book of three years prior, is often regarded as the first legitimate zombie film, and introduced the word "zombie" to the wider world. Other zombie-themed films include Val Lewton's "I Walked With a Zombie" (1943) and Wes Craven's "The Serpent and the Rainbow", (1988) a heavily fictionalized account of Wade Davis' book.
The DC comics character Solomon Grundy, a villain who first appeared in a 1944 Green Lantern story, is one of the earliest depictions of a zombie in the comics medium. In 2011, Image Comics released a four issue miniseries entitled "Drums", by writer El Torres and artist Abe Hernando. The story consists of Afro-Caribbean zombies that have been created using voodoo.
The zombie also appears as a metaphor in protest songs, symbolizing mindless adherence to authority, particularly in law enforcement and the armed forces. Well-known examples include Fela Kuti's 1976 album "Zombie", and The Cranberries' 1994 single "Zombie".
A new version of the zombie, distinct from that described in Haitian religion, has also emerged in popular culture in recent decades. This "zombie" is taken largely from George A. Romero's seminal film "Night of the Living Dead", which was in turn partly inspired by Richard Matheson's 1954 novel "I Am Legend". The word "zombie" is not used in "Night of the Living Dead", but was applied later by fans. The monsters in the film and its sequels, such as "Dawn of the Dead" and "Day of the Dead", as well as its many inspired works, such as "Return of the Living Dead" and "Zombi 2", are usually hungry for human flesh although "Return of the Living Dead" introduced the popular concept of zombies eating brains.
Sometimes they are victims of a fictional pandemic illness causing the dead to reanimate or the living to behave this way, but often no cause is given in the story. Although this modern monster bears some superficial resemblance to the Haitian zombie tradition, its links to such folklore are unclear, and many consider George A. Romero to be the progenitor of this creature. Zombie fiction is now a sizeable sub-genre of horror, usually describing a breakdown of civilization occurring when most of the population become flesh-eating zombies — a zombie apocalypse.
In art.
Artist Jillian McDonald has made several works of video art involving zombies, and exhibited them in her 2006 show, "Horror Make-Up," which debuted on 8 September 2006 at Art Moving Projects, a gallery in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Artist Karim Charredib has dedicated his work to the zombie figure. In 2007, he made a video installation at villa Savoye called "Them !!!" where zombies walked in the villa like tourists.
In comics.
The DC comics character Solomon Grundy is one of the earliest depictions of a zombie in the comics medium if not the first. Grundy's first appearance as a zombie super villain against the original Green Lantern came in the October 1944 edition of All-American Comics #61. In 1973, Marvel Comics launched a black and white magazine series entitled "Tales of the Zombie" featuring the adventures of Simon William Garth aka the Zombie. From 2005, Marvel Comics used zombies and the zombie apocalypse scenario as the focus of their series "Marvel Zombies", in which the superheroes of the Marvel Universe were transformed into zombies. DC Comics' Geoff Johns introduced a revenant-staffed Black Lantern Corps, consisting of the maliciously animated corpses of fallen DC metahumans during its "Blackest Night" story arc. DC Comics continued producing zombie comics on their digital imprint Zuda Comics. "The Black Cherry Bombshells" takes place in a world where all the men have turned into zombies. Robert Kirkman, an admirer of Romero, launched a self-published comic book "The Walking Dead", and wrote Marvel Zombies in 2006.
In anime and manga.
There has been a growth in the number of zombie manga in the last decade, and in a list of "10 Great Zombie Manga", Anime News Network's Jason Thompson placed "I Am a Hero" at number 1, considering it "probably the greatest zombie manga ever". In second place was "Living Corpse" and in third, "Biomega", which he called "the greatest science-fiction virus zombie manga ever".
In gaming.
Zombies are a popular theme for video games, particularly of, but not limited to, the stealth, survival horror, first-person shooter and role-playing game genres. Important horror fiction media franchises in this area include "Resident Evil", "Dead Rising", "House of the Dead", "Dead Island", "Left 4 Dead", "Dying Light", "State of Decay", "The Last of Us" and the Zombies game modes from "Call of Duty" title series. PopCap Games' "Plants vs. Zombies", a humorous tower defense game, was an indie hit in 2009, featuring in several best-of lists at the end of that year. The massively multiplayer online role-playing game "Urban Dead", a free grid-based browser game where zombies and survivors fight for control of a ruined city, is one of the most popular games of its type. DayZ, a zombie-based survival horror mod for ArmA 2, was responsible for over 300,000 unit sales of its parent game within two months of its release.
Outside of video games, zombies frequently appear in trading card games such as "", as well as in role-playing games such as "Dungeons & Dragons" and tabletop wargames such as "Warhammer Fantasy" and "40K". 
The game "Humans vs. Zombies" is a zombie-themed live-action game played on college campuses.
In merchandise.
Many companies from around the world have also put strong focus on creating products geared towards the 'zombie' culture. This list includes a company in California, Harcos Labs, that sells bagged Zombie Blood and Zombie Jerky in specimen style pouches; 
In print and literature.
Lovecraft touched on the theme of zombies, with the short stories "In the Vault," "Cool Air," and "The Thing on the Doorstep." He also used zombies of a sort in his "collaboration" "The Mound" with Zealia Bishop.
In the 1990s, zombie fiction emerged as a distinct literary subgenre, with the publication of "Book of the Dead" in 1990 and its follow-up "Still Dead: Book of the Dead 2" in 1992, both edited by horror authors John Skipp and Craig Spector. Featuring Romero-inspired stories from the likes of Stephen King, the "Book of the Dead" compilations are regarded as influential in the horror genre and perhaps the first true "zombie literature".
Recent zombie fiction of note includes Brian Keene's 2005 novel "The Rising", followed by its sequel "City of the Dead". "The Rising" proved itself to be a success in the subgenre, even winning the 2005 Bram Stoker award.
Famed horror novelist Stephen King has mined the zombie theme, first with his 1990 short story "Home Delivery". In 2006, King published "Cell", which concerns a struggling young artist on a trek from Boston to Maine in hopes of saving his family from a possible worldwide outbreak of zombie-like maniacs. "Cell" was a number-one bestseller upon its release.
Aside from "Cell", the best-known current work of zombie fiction is 2006's "World War Z" by Max Brooks, which was an immediate hit upon its release and a New York Times bestseller. Brooks had previously authored the cult hit "The Zombie Survival Guide", an exhaustively researched, zombie-themed parody of pop-fiction survival guides published in 2003. Brooks has said that zombies are so popular because "Other monsters may threaten individual humans, but the living dead threaten the entire human race... Zombies are slate wipers."
David Wellington's trilogy of zombie novels began in 2004 with "Monster Island", followed by two sequels, "Monster Nation" and "Monster Planet". Jonathan Maberry's "Zombie CSU: The Forensics of the Living Dead", released in August 2008, interviewed over 250 experts in forensics, medicine, science, law enforcement, the military and similar disciplines to discuss how the real world would react, research and respond to zombies. In 2009, Katy Hershbereger of St. Martin's Press stated "In the world of traditional horror, nothing is more popular right now than zombies... The living dead are here to stay."
The mashup novel "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" (2009) by Seth Grahame-Smith combines the full text of "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen with a story about a zombie epidemic within the novel's British Regency period setting.
In television and video.
"Thriller" (1983), a Michael Jackson music video featuring choreographed zombies dancing with the singer, is one of the most iconic videos ever made. Many pop culture media have paid tribute to this video, such as a viral video (nearly 50 million views) which featured 1500 prisoners in orange jumpsuits recreating the zombie dance, and zombie films such as "Return of the Living Dead 2".
In 2013, the AMC series "The Walking Dead" had the highest audience ratings in the United States for any show on broadcast or cable with an average of 5.6 million viewers. The show's racial "issues" were parodied on "Saturday Night Live".
Government and media response.
On 18 May 2011, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published a graphic novel, "Preparedness 101: Zombie Apocalypse" providing tips to survive a zombie invasion as a "fun new way of teaching the importance of emergency preparedness". The CDC goes on to summarize cultural references to a zombie apocalypse. It uses these to underscore the value of laying in water, food, medical supplies, and other necessities in preparation for any and all potential disasters, be they hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, or hordes of zombies.
On 17 October 2011, The Weather Channel published an article, "How To Weather the Zombie Apocalypse" that included a fictional interview with a Director of Research at the CDD, the "Center for Disease Development". Questions answered include "How does the temperature affect zombies' abilities? Do they run faster in warmer temperatures? Do they freeze if it gets too cold?"
Use in theoretical academic papers.
According to a 2009 Carleton University and University of Ottawa epidemiological analysis, an outbreak of even "Living Dead"'s slow zombies "is likely to lead to the collapse of civilization, unless it is dealt with quickly." Based on their mathematical modelling, the authors concluded that offensive strategies were much more reliable than quarantine strategies, due to various risks that can compromise a quarantine. They also found that developing a cure would merely leave a few humans alive, since this would do little to slow the infection rate.
On a longer time scale, the researchers found that all humans end up turned or dead. This is because the main epidemiological risk of zombies, besides the difficulties of neutralizing them, is that their population just keeps increasing; generations of humans merely "surviving" still have a tendency to feed zombie populations, resulting in gross outnumbering. The researchers explain that their methods of modelling may be applicable to the spread of political views or diseases with dormant infection.
A follow-up to the above paper explored the possibility that a zombie apocalypse may already have occurred at other locations in the universe. The study by Kane & Selsis showed that even a conservative estimate of outbreaks of zombie infections (referred to as Spontaneous Necro-Animation Psychosis or SNAP) would mean that there are least 2,500 contaminated planets within 100 parsecs of Earth. They thus conclude that this helps to explain the Fermi Paradox due to the devastating effect of encountering such planets during the planetary exploration phase of an advanced civilization.
Adam Chodorow of the Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law at Arizona State University investigated the estate and income tax implications of a zombie apocalypse under United States federal and state tax codes. He notes that being dead is different from being undead, and states that "most self-motivated zombies likely would be considered alive under most state law definitions", similar to victims of strokes or Alzheimer's Disease, or those in a persistent vegetative state. Whether a reanimated zombie should be considered the same being as when it was originally alive is, according to Chodorow, much less clear. Due to such potential legal complications, he recommends that legislators enact special tax laws for the undead.
Neuroscientists Bradley Voytek and Timothy Verstynen have built a side career in describing the nature of a zombie brain in considerable detail, based heavily on real world neuroscience ideas. Their work has been featured in "Forbes", "New York Magazine", and other publications.
As social activism.
Organized zombie walks have been staged, either as performance art, or as part of a political protest.

</doc>
<doc id="9810499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810499" title="Piggybacking">
Piggybacking

Piggybacking literally refers to carrying someone on one's back or shoulders. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9810500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810500" title="Khāne-takānī">
Khāne-takānī

Khāne-takānī (, lit. Shaking the house) is an Iranian tradition of spring cleaning and part of the Norouz festival.
It usually involves washing carpets, painting the house, and cleaning the yard and the attic, stems from the Zoroastrians' idea of purifying with cleanliness as a measure for keeping Evil away from the kingdom of Good.
Symbolically, Khane tekani "signals to the spirits of the ancestors that their kin are ready and willing to entertain them. In other words, they are invited to descend on their previous homes to help them nourish the growth of the sabzeh, the main source of their sustenance which has been depleted during the long and cold days of winter".

</doc>
<doc id="9810513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810513" title="Federal Returning Officer">
Federal Returning Officer

In Germany, the Federal Returning Officer ("Bundeswahlleiter") is the Returning Officer responsible for overseeing elections on the federal level. The Federal Returning Officer and his deputy are appointed indefinitely by the Federal Minister of the Interior; traditionally this position has been held by the President of the Federal Statistical Office of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9810546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810546" title="Michael von Melas">
Michael von Melas

Michael Friedrich Benedikt Baron von Melas (12 May 1729 – 31 May 1806) was a Transylvanian-born field marshal of Greek descent for the Austrian Empire during the Napoleonic Wars.
He was born in Radeln, Transylvania (nowadays Roadeş, part of Buneşti commune, Romania) in 1729 and joined the Austrian army at age 17. He served in the Seven Years' War as aide de camp for Leopold Josef Graf Daun. He was promoted to colonel in 1781. He fought on the lower Rhine in and the middle Rhine in .
He later led the Austrian army in Italy during Napoleon Bonaparte's campaigns in Italy, part of the War of the Second Coalition. Serving under Russian field marshal Alexander Suvorov, who commanded Second Coalition forces, he commanded Austrian forces in victories at the battles of Cassano, Trebbia, Novi, Genola and the Siege of Genoa, and came near another victory over Napoleon at the Battle of Marengo before his handing over control to a subordinate following injuries, and the arrival of General Louis Desaix, led to a defeat. The day after the battle he signed the Convention of Alexandria, ceding control of Italy up to the Mincio River to the French. The Austrians then withdrew.
Melas was then commander in Bohemia.
Later life.
Melas retired in 1803 and died in 1806 in Týnec nad Labem, Bohemia.

</doc>
<doc id="9810559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810559" title="Fábio Leopoldo">
Fábio Leopoldo

Fábio Leopoldo Silva (born April 17, 1977 in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian mixed martial artist and is currently an active Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and a world renowned instructor.
Career.
After graduating college with a degree in International Business, Leopoldo started his own Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy in Sao Paulo, Brazil called Gracie Morumbi. He has been the owner and primary instructor at the academy since it was established in 1999. Since then he has gone on to open three more academies in the United States. One is in Ventura, California, and the others are in Thousand Oaks, California, and Camarillo, California. Leopoldo currently has over twenty black belts that train under him.
Leopoldo is a three-time world champion in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, two-time Brazilian champion, and five-time Pan American champion. He also recently won the gold in the IBJJF International Masters.
Personal life.
Leopoldo has been married to Claudine (Dini) Leal Leopoldo Silva since July 2007. Dini Leopoldo is a RKC II certified Kettlebell instructor, and the head Kettlebell instructor at Gracie Morumbi Ventura and Thousand Oaks, California. They have a son.
In his free time, Leopoldo enjoys surfing and skateboarding. He has been skateboarding since the age of 6, and an avid surfer since his teen years. Leopoldo has even been featured in DEEP surfing magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9810569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810569" title="Doe's Eat Place">
Doe's Eat Place

Doe's Eat Place is a chain of restaurants in the United States that specializes in steaks, shrimp, and tamales. 
Doe's Eat Place was established in Greenville, Mississippi in 1941 by Dominick "Big Doe" Signa and his wife, Mamie. Doe's father moved to Greenville in 1903 and opened a grocery store in the building that now serves as the restaurant. The family lived in a house behind the store. The grocery, which the Signa family called "Papa's Store," performed relatively well financially until the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927. After the flood, Big Doe Signa started a bootlegging business to help provide for his family. After several years he finally sold his 40-barrel still for $300 and a Ford Model T.
Around 1941, someone gave Mamie a partial recipe for hot tamales. She improved on the recipe and began selling them. This was the beginning of Doe's Eat Place. 
At first, Signa ran a honky-tonk, strictly for blacks, in the front part of the store. Buffalo fish and chili were regular menu items at that time. Because of the racial segregation at the time it was socially unacceptable for whites to come into Doe's. Therefore, when a local white doctor began to stop at Doe's for a meal between house calls, Doe would serve him steaks in the rear of the store. As word-of-mouth spread about the steaks, Doe decided to start a restaurant in the rear of the building. For a short time, the honky tonk and restaurant co-existed. As the restaurant continued to grow in popularity, the honky-tonk was eventually closed. The restaurant has been raceily integrated since the beginning. "Big Doe" retired in 1974 and passed along the business to his two sons Doe Jr. and Charles. Doe, Sr. died on April 27, 1987, and Mamie died on November 5, 1955. 
The original Doe's Eat Place is still run from the building in which it started. It is a relatively small and shabby building in the middle of a downscale neighborhood. The dining area contrasts with the outside of the building by being clean and nicely maintained. Doe's has been described as having a "dive-y atmosphere" and "ramshackle surroundings." Customers enter the restaurant through the kitchen, and are traditionally greeted by a member of the Signa family (usually male).
In addition to the Greenville location, the restaurant located in Paducah, Kentucky is family-owned. Doe's Eat Place has franchised out from its original location in Greenville into 11 additional locations across six states. In the 1992 presidential campaign Clinton staffers frequented the Little Rock franchise of Doe's Eat Place. Franchised locations are found in Little Rock, Bentonville, Fort Smith, Fayetteville, and Hot Springs, Arkansas; Manhattan, Kansas; Baton Rouge and Broussard, Louisiana; Springfield, Missouri; Tulsa, Oklahoma; and Bryan, Texas.
The original Greenville location was named to the James Beard Foundation's list of "America's Classics" in 2007. In 2012, the Greenville location was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. 

</doc>
<doc id="9810573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810573" title="Dale (landform)">
Dale (landform)

A dale is an open valley. The name is used when describing the physical geography of an area. It is used most frequently in the Lowlands of Scotland and in the North of England, where the term "fell" commonly refers to the mountains or hills that flank the dale.
The word "dale" comes from the Old English word "dael", from which the word "dell" is also derived. It is also related to Old Norse word "dalr" (and the modern Icelandic word "dalur"), which may perhaps have influenced its survival in northern England. "Dale" is a synonym to the word "valley", which entered the English language after the Norman Conquest. Norwegian towns frequently use this term: "dalekvam", "dale".
There is semantic equivalency to many words and phrases, suggesting a common Indo-European affinity. Vale and thalweg are also related. 

</doc>
<doc id="9810587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810587" title="Bob Raczek">
Bob Raczek

Robert Raczek (born June 11, 1938) is one of the most successful head coaches in the history of Wisconsin High School Football. He was a driving force of the Stevens Point Pacelli Cardinals from 1966 to the present, leading them to capture three state championships in 1986, 1995, and 2005. Bob Raczek has won numerous awards in coaching, and is currently the third-winningest coach in Wisconsin High School football history. He and his football team remain the predominate symbol of the high school.
Early life.
Robert Raczek was born and raised in the farming community of Knowlton, Wisconsin. Raczek grew up surrounded by labor and hard work, which would then dissolve from hard farm work, into hard football practices. Raczek loved football, and he played high school football at Mosinee, where he also excelled in other sports such as volleyball, track, and wrestling. Raczek would then go onto the University of Wisconsin–Stout, where he played football, and was also an assistant coach for a while. He graduated from UW–Stout in 1962, and went on to pursue a teaching career. However, football was not far behind. Raczek would soon marry, and is still currently married to his wife, Pat. Together, they had three sons and a daughter (Mary Ellen, Steve, Mark, and Matt) Both Steve and Mark Raczek played under their father at Pacelli, and both were recognized in the conference and the state as great football players and wrestlers.
Raczek found a job at Tri County-Plainfield high school, where he was teaching technical education, physical education, and was head of the maintenance department. Raczek first took up the head coaching spot for Tri-County in 1962, where he finished with a 0-7 record. He coached for three more years, when he was offered a job at Stevens Point Pacelli High School (Wisconsin) in Stevens Point. Raczek accepted.
Early playing career.
High school.
Raczek had attended the Mosinee high school, where there he played football and other sports. Raczek loved the game, and grew to understand what makes football so great. Raczek currently lives around Mosinee, so he is still in touch with his roots. Raczek recalled, "I made lifelong friendships from coaching this great game of football and to have worked with so many great coaches and players." Raczek then moved onto the University of Wisconsin–Stout, where he learned about different sciences, and football. [http://www.wifca.org/halloffame/2000/2000raczekbob.html]
UW–Stout.
Raczek left Mosinee High School, and headed for northern Wisconsin to the University of Wisconsin–Stout. There, Raczek pursued a Bachelor of Science degree, and wanted to teach.
As a student of UW–Stout, Raczek participated in numerous sports, such as wrestling, volleyball, track, and of course football. He learned what the college life of football was really about, and how much more different it is from the high school level. As a student, Raczek received an assistant coaching job for the football team. So, in the 1961-62 football season, Raczek assistant coached the UW–Stout football team. He learned certain terminology and plays that would later transform into the current plays he has for the Pacelli Cardinals.
Raczek graduated from the university in 1962, then later he was offered a job to teach and coach at the Plainfield-Tri County High School. Raczek accepted, and his head coaching duties began.
Head coaching career.
Tri County Penguins.
Fall is a time for football, and Raczek knew it. He had played football and helped coached since his early days as a child, and not he had the chance to be the head coach of a real football team. In the fall of 1962, Raczek came to Plainfield-Tri County as the head football coach, and the tech-ed teacher. He taught in both football, and tech-ed for four years at the high school before pursuing new locations to teach and coach.
Racek had started his coaching career with University of Wisconsin–Stout as an assistant coach in 1961. He had played for them as well, and attended the school, so he knew the system. Raczek was a huge fan of the running game, and would later pass that onto his players in the high school level. Raczek coached for UW–Stout for only one year, leaving to go to Plainfield.
As the head football coach for Plainfield-Tri County, his records did not live up to what he is known for today. In the four years that he coached for them, he had two winning seasons. His first finished a record of 0-7. His second season finished 3-4. In two years, Raczek was 3-11. He did not give up though, and neither did the school. His third season he finished a good 6-2. His fourth and final season with Plainfield-Tri County he finished 5-3. Raczek understood the high school level of football, and then went on to Pacelli High School to teach his new ideas, that would lead him to three state titles and 310 career wins.
Pacelli Cardinals (football).
Bob Raczek assumed head coaching for the football team of Pacelli High School in 1967, where his hard-working attitude would shape the school into a very notable high school. Pacelli High School is a private school, with not a lot of funding into the athletic department, so Raczek made do with what he had at the time. The Cardinals finished the 1967 season with a record of 4-5, finishing in sixth place in the conference. Not only was Raczek the head football coach, he later assumed the coaching spots for wrestling, track, and hockey, as well as teach technical education and physical education. The next year, the Cardinals finished the same as the previous, a 4-5 record placing sixth in the conference.
For the next two years, the team suffered losing records of 1-7-1 1969 and 2-7 1970. But in 1971 the Cardinals' football team had a winning record for the first time since 1965. They finished the season with a 9-1 record, placing first in the conference. The following season would be Pacelli's best season in their history of having a football team. The team reached the state championship apart of WISAA. The championship game ended with the Cardinals losing to Milwaukee Pius XI by the final score of 10-0. 
Raczek gave the Cardinals non-losing records 12 of the next 13 seasons. In 1986, the Cardinals made it back to the WISAA state championship game, this time they would face off against Waukesha Catholic Memorial. The championship game was played at Pacelli's homefield, Goerke Field (the same location where the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point football team plays). Pacelli defeated Waukesha Catholic Memorial by a final score of 13-3, capping a perfect season at 13-0. The Cardinals would again see the championship lights in 1989 at Camp Randall Stadium in Madison but would fall short, losing to Watertown Northwestern Prep, 44-20 and again in 1992, falling to Marshfield Columbus 28-10.
In 1995, the Cardinals set numerous school records that year in rushing, sacks, and tackles. The Cardinals made it to the WISAA Division 3 championship game where they destroyed Manitowoc Lutheran, 28-0. The season ended with a perfect 12-0 record, (the last Pacelli football team to go undefeated) and only allowed 77 points all season (the 1986 Cardinals beat them by allowing only 55 points). The 1995 Cardinals also scored 458 points. The following year, the Cardinals made it back to the state championship game but lost the game to conference rival Marshfield Columbus, 42-6. The 1998 team would fall to Manitowoc Roncalli 27-7 in the state title game and then to Eau Claire Regis 19-6 in the 1999 championship game, the final season of WISAA.
In 2000, the Cardinals moved into the WIAA. The 2005 Cardinals managed to find a way into the state championship, being a part of Division 7. Going into the playoffs, the Cardinals were not a top seed, but defeated all of their opponents leading to the title game (except Hilbert, who lost to Pacelli by a score of 7-0). The Cardinals played the Gilman Pirates, and it would be Bob Raczek's 300th career win. The Cardinals defeated Gilman 44-20, giving Raczek his third state title. With the 300 wins, Raczek joined Wisconsin football coaches Bob Hyland and Dick Basham as the only coaches in state history to reach more than 300 wins.
In 2006, the Cardinals went 9-0 during the regular season and entered the playoffs as a No. 1 seed, and then won their first round contest. However, they lost in the second round to conference foe Shiocton Chiefs, who Pacelli had beaten earlier that season. Bob Razcek's record currently stands at 332-150-2.
Championship greatness.
Raczek received state titles in WISAA in 1986 and 1995. He won one recently in 2005 apart of the WIAA in Division 7, also marking his 300th career win. Bob Raczek went to the state title game nine times, winning three (3-6). His conference championship record is much better, winning the old Central Wisconsin Catholic Conference title 10 times (1971 1972 1974 1976 1978 1981 1986 1987 1994 1995), and winning the new CWC-L (Central Wisconsin Conference-Large) two times, 2001 and 2006. Bob Raczek is known for greatness, and in teaching his players the values of life, on and off the football field.
Cancer.
The shocking news came to the Raczek family in 2004 that Bob Raczek has been diagnosed with cancer. Doctors did not know whether it would be life threatening, and offered Raczek chemotherapy. Raczek had a hard time telling his players during a practice that season, and the players did not take it too well. Many people of the school and community feared that 2004 would be Raczek's last season coaching football. The legendary coach had imprinted his image in the hearts of thousands of people throughout Wisconsin, and it would be painful to see a great coach of that magnitude to retire under those circumstances, as did the great Vince Lombardi.
Raczek however overcame the pains, and still managed to coach the following season. Raczek is currently alive and well, still with cancer, but also still coaching.
Legacy.
Notable rivalries.
Bob Raczek is virtually synonymous with Pacelli football, and the high school at that matter. Over the past 40 years, there have been some really close games that have excited the fans, and even the media. Pacelli High School football has had its share of rivalries. 
Marshfield Columbus
The classic rivalry in Pacelli football history has always been against Marshfield Columbus Catholic High School in the old Central Wisconsin Catholic Conference. The game often determined the champion of the conference. Marshfield Columbus holds a 29-17-1 advantage in the series, ranging from 1957 to 1999. Pacelli has always struggled against Marshfield Columbus (even in Pacelli's dominant 1986 season, Pacelli only won with a score of 3-0 over Marshfield Columbus).
Eau Claire Regis
Like the classic rivalry between Marshfield Columbus, Eau Claire Regis has had great games against Pacelli. The rivalry was as good, ranging from 1961 to 1999. In those years, Pacelli has had the upper hand, with a record of 25-18. However, in recent years the rivalry has changed, seeing Regis defeat Pacelli in some critical games. Although the two teams are no longer in the same conference, they met in 2002 and 2003, both games being in the WIAA playoffs. In 2002, the Cardinals went 8-1 in the regular season, and fared well in the playoffs. However, in the semifinals Regis edged Pacelli in a close 21-14 contest, ending a great season for the Cardinals. The following year the two teams met again, this time it was all Regis, defeating the Cardinals 24-0. The rivalry between the two schools had died down for a little bit since moving to separate conferences, but the playoff games have helped renew the rivalry once again.
La Crosse Aquinas
The Cardinals also had their share of tough battles with La Crosse Aquinas, another former member of the CWCC. Pacelli has played Aquinas 45 times, starting in 1961, where in their first meeting Aquinas dominated the game winning 39-6. Aquinas holds a 25-20 edge in the series with Pacelli, though the Cardinals have dominated the series in recent years as the teams have continued to play non-conference games against one another. Bob Raczek always seems to select Aquinas as the season opener, to get a feeling of pride and confidence in not only beating, but playing Aquinas. The rivalry died down a little in the early 2000s, once Pacelli and Aquinas separated from the CWCC conference. For the start of the 2007 regular season, Pacelli will play against Aquinas in Stevens Point.

</doc>
<doc id="9810599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810599" title="Alexander Satz">
Alexander Satz

Alexander Igorevich Satz (, "Aleksandr Igorevič Sats"; Moscow, 31 January 1941 – 18 January 2007 ) was a Russian pianist and educator.
Satz's musical career is quite unusual. He did not take up music in a professional way until the age of 14, when he started taking piano lessons with Leonid Brumberg (pupil and assistant of Heinrich Neuhaus). After only one year of intensive practice, he was accepted at the Gnesin School of Music for highly gifted children. 
In 1956 he enrolled at the Gnesin Academy of Music in Moscow, where he graduated with distinction in 1963 and became professor of piano. It took him only eight years to become a full professor. He moved to Austria in 1991, where he took up a professorial position at the University of Music and Dramatic Arts in Graz. He was also a visiting professor at the Royal Academy of Music in London since 1999. He held master classes in many European countries as well as in Australia. 
Satz performed in the former Soviet Union, Austria, Italy, France, England, Germany, the Netherlands and Taiwan. He played chamber music with well-known soloists such as Daniil Shafran and Tatiana Grindenko, and took part in festivals such as the Gidon Kremer Festival in Lockenhaus, Austria and the Orlando Festival in the Netherlands. He also taught master classes in chamber music within the European Mozart Academy in Eastern Europe. 
Famous pupils of Satz include Lilya Zilberstein, Yevgeny Sudbin and Boris Berezovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="9810614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810614" title="BYD Flyer">
BYD Flyer

The BYD Flyer is a city car originally developed by government owned Xian Qinhuan Automobile. It has been produced by BYD Auto, a Chinese automobile manufacturer in Shenzhen, since 2004. The three- and four-cylinder engines used are based on old Suzuki units.
Engines:
The Flyer has been replaced by the more modern looking BYD F0, although brand new Flyers are still available: during the first half of 2010, 4 BYD Flyers were sold in China.

</doc>
<doc id="9810623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810623" title="Tomb of Daniel">
Tomb of Daniel

The Tomb of Daniel is the traditional burial place of the biblical prophet Daniel. Various locations have been named for the site, but the tomb in Susa, Iran, is the most widely accepted, it being first mentioned by Benjamin of Tudela, who visited Asia between 1160 and 1163.
Susa‌, Iran.
The Book of Daniel mentions that Daniel lived in Babylon and may have visited the palace of Susa‌, Iran, but the place where he died is not specified; the tradition preserved among the Jews and Arabs is that he was buried in Susa. Today the Tomb of Daniel in Susa is a popular attraction among local Muslims and Iran's Jewish community alike.
The earliest mention of Daniel's Tomb published in Europe is given by Benjamin of Tudela who visited Asia between 1160 and 1163. In the façade of one of its many synagogues he was shown the tomb assigned by tradition to Daniel. Benjamin declares however, that the tomb does not hold Daniel's remains, which were said to have been discovered at Susa about 640 A.D. The remains were supposed to bring good fortune: and bitter quarrels arose because of them between the inhabitants of the two banks of the Choaspes River. All those living on the side on which Daniel's grave was situated were rich and happy, while those on the opposite side were poor and in want; the latter, therefore, wished the bier of Daniel transferred to their side of the river. They finally agreed that the bier should rest alternately one year on each side. This agreement was carried out for many years, until the Persian shah Sanjar, on visiting the city, stopped the practise, holding that the continual removal of the bier was disrespectful to the prophet. He ordered the bier to be fastened with chains to the bridge, directly in the middle of the structure; and he erected a chapel on the spot for both Jews and non-Jews. The king also forbade fishing in the river within a mile of Daniel's bier. According to Benjamin, the place is a dangerous one for navigation, since godless persons perish immediately on passing it; and the water under the bier is distinguished by the presence of goldfish.
Muslim traditions agree in stating that Daniel was buried at Susa, and a similar tradition was current among the Syriac writers. Al-Baladhuri (ninth century) says that when the conqueror Abu Musa al-Ash'ari came to Susa in 638, he found the coffin of Daniel, which had been brought thither from Babylon in order to bring down rain during a period of draught. Abu Musa referred the matter to the calif Umar, who ordered the coffin to be buried, which was done by sinking it to the bottom of one of the streams nearby. 
A similar account is given by 10th-century Arab chronicler Ibn Hawqal who writes:
Istakhri gives a similar account and adds that the Jews were accustomed to make a circuit around Daniel's tomb and to draw water in its neighborhood. Al-Muqaddasi refers to the contention between the people of Susa and those of Tustar. A slightly divergent tradition reported by ibn Taimiyyah says that the body was found in Tustar; that at night thirteen graves were dug, and it was put in one of these—a sign according him, that the early Moslems were opposed to the worship of the tombs of holy men. 
William Ouseley in "Walpole's Memoirs of the East" described the Tomb of Daniel in Susa as being situated in "a most beautiful spot, washed by a clear running stream and shaded by planes and other trees of ample foliage. The building is of Mahomedan date and is inhabited by a solitary Dervish, who shows the spot where the prophet is buried beneath, a small and simple square brick mausoleum, said to be (without probability) coeval with his death. It has, however, neither date nor inscription to prove the truth or falsehood of the Dervish's assertion. The small river running at the foot of this building, which is called the Bellerau, it has been said flows immediately over the prophets Tomb, and from the transparency of the water, his coffin was to be seen at the bottom; but the Dervish and the natives whom I questioned remembered no tradition corroborating such a fact; on the contrary; it has at all times been customary with the people of the country to resort hither on certain days of the months, when they offer up their prayers at the tomb I have mentioned, in supplication to the prophet's shade."
The current tomb has been renovated and repaired in 1870 A.D. with the order of Shia scholar Sheikh Jafar Shooshtari and by the hands of Haj Mulla Hassan Memar. Later Mulla Hassan's son, Mulla Javad performed further renovations in the site.
Alternative locations.
Iran.
The "Jewish Encyclopedia" notes that a five days journey from Dezful, near Mala Amir, in Khuzestan of Iran, there is another sacred tomb said to be that of Daniel.
Iraq.
The "Martyrologium Romanum" (1583), consecrates July 21 to Saint Daniel. The place of his death is given as Babylon, Mesopotamia, and it was claimed that he was buried in the royal vault there.
A tomb attributed to Daniel is located within the Kirkuk Citadel in the city of Kirkuk, Iraq. Originally the site was a Jewish synagogue then later it was turned into a Christian church and finally into a Muslim mosque. The mosque has arches, pillars and two domes on a decorated base and beside it there are three minarets, which belong to the end of the Mongolian reign. The mosque is about 400 square meters and houses four tombs believed to belong to Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael and Azariah. As from the respect of Kirkuk people towards Prophet, they desired to bury their dead next to Daniel's Tomb. This graveyard may be regarded as the first cemetery in Kirkuk. 
[http://www.jewishencyclopedia.com/view.jsp?artid=32&letter=D
A reference to the Tomb of Daniel being located in the village of Al Wajihiya near Muqdadiyah, Iraq, was made after a bombing at the site in 2007. The tomb, situated in the Diyala Governorate, was targeted by Islamist terrorists and most of the structure collapsed as a result, including its green dome.
Uzbekistan.
There is another claimed tomb of Daniel, located just outside of Samarkand, Uzbekistan. According to the local legend, the Turko-Mongol conqueror Amir Timur attempted to conquer Syria for many years, but was unsuccessful. One of his ministers suggested it was because the saint from the biblical times, Daniel, was buried there. Timur then sent his army to where Daniel was entombed in Syria, and after a fierce fight with the Syrians, was able to take his body back to Uzbekistan. It is also said that on the day Daniel was entombed a natural source of water sprung up at that spot, and it is believed by locals that its water has the power to heal.

</doc>
<doc id="9810646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810646" title="Mississippi v. Johnson">
Mississippi v. Johnson

Mississippi v. Johnson 71 U.S. 475 (1867) was the first suit to be brought against a President of the United States in the United States Supreme Court. The state of Mississippi attempted to sue President Andrew Johnson for enforcing Reconstruction. The court decided, based on a previous decision of "Marbury v. Madison" that the President has two kinds of task: ministerial and discretionary. Discretionary tasks are ones the president can choose to do or not to do. Ministerial tasks are ones required by his job. In fact, if he fails to do them, he could be violating the Constitution. The court ruled that by enforcing Reconstruction, Johnson was acting in an "executive and political" capacity—a discretionary rather than a ministerial one—and so he could not be sued. 

</doc>
<doc id="9810665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810665" title="Nicole Muns-Jagerman">
Nicole Muns-Jagerman

Nicole Muns-Jagerman (born 23 July 1967 in Amstelveen, Noord-Holland) is a retired tennis player from the Netherlands.
Muns-Jagerman represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. As a pro, she reached her career-high singles on 14 May 1990, when she became World number 43.

</doc>
<doc id="9810670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810670" title="List of Kaleido Star characters">
List of Kaleido Star characters

This article lists the characters associated with the anime Kaleido Star.

</doc>
<doc id="9810703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810703" title="Phosphatidyl ethanolamine methyltransferase">
Phosphatidyl ethanolamine methyltransferase

Phosphatidyl ethanolamine methyltransferase (or Phosphatidylethanolamine "N"-methyltransferase) also known as PEMT is an enzyme which in humans is encoded by the "PEMT" gene.
Function.
The PEMT enzyme converts phosphatidylethanolamine to phosphatidylcholine by sequential methylation in the liver. The protein localizes to the endoplasmic reticulum and mitochondria-associated membranes. The gene is within the Smith-Magenis syndrome region on chromosome 17.

</doc>
<doc id="9810708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810708" title="St. Joseph Communications">
St. Joseph Communications

St. Joseph Communications is a Canadian communications company based out of Toronto.
History.
St. Joseph Communications was founded in 1956 by Gaetano Gagliano as a printing house. Gaetano Gagliano and his growing family emigrated from Italy shortly after the war. Upon their arrival to Canada, Gaetano found work laying track for CP Rail. But as he worked long days over the next two years, Gaetano couldn’t forget about his lifelong dream of becoming a printer. So in 1956, Gaetano started a small print business in the basement of his small family home. He specialized in letterpress work such as birth announcements, invitations and business cards. Gaetano expanded his small print business through new equipment and technology, strategic acquisitions and bigger facilities. By the 1980s, St. Joseph Print was one of largest privately owned print companies in Canada, and growth continued in the 1990s to early 2000s. St. Joseph continued to grow its print business as well as expand into photography, content creation, publishing and media.
Company.
The company currently has three divisions: the printing operation St. Joseph Print, the content creation division St. Joseph Content, and St. Joseph Media, the magazine publisher. It is Canada's largest privately owned printing company. Tony Gagliano is Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Other executives at the corporation include Frank Gagliano, Vice Chairman, John Gagliano, President St. Joseph Print, Tim Zahavich, CFO, Doug Templeton, President St. Joseph Content, Doug Knight, President St. Joseph Media and Martin Byrne, CTO. The Corporation has 2000 employees.
In September 2010, St. Joseph Communications partnered up with PrinterOn to set up ePRINTit centres where users can print directly from their smartphones.
Magazines.
St. Joseph's magazine division was established in 2001 with the acquisition of Multi-Vision Publishing, and expanded further the following year with the acquisition of Key Media.
Major current titles include "Fashion Magazine", "Quill & Quire", and "Toronto Life". Further titles are discussed below.
The company also previously published "Saturday Night", "Elm Street", "Books for Everybody", "The Look" and "Shift". In March 2011, St. Joseph Media acquired popular Toronto blog Torontoist.com
"Weddingbells".
"Weddingbells" is a Canadian bridal magazine, published by St. Joseph Media.
Where.
St. Joseph runs the Canadian editions of this travel magazine, for those who've arrived at their destination. The primary distribution point is in hotel rooms. A total of 43 "Where" magazines are printed internationally, by a variety of local publishers.
Local editions are based in Calgary, the Canadian Rockies, Edmonton, Halifax, Mississauga, Montreal, Muskoka, Ottawa, Toronto, Vancouver, Victoria, Whistler and Winnipeg.
Awards.
St. Joseph Communications is one of Canada's 50 best managed companies.
St. Joseph won 4 gold and 3 silver medals at the 2010 National Magazine Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9810718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810718" title="Everything Is Average Nowadays">
Everything Is Average Nowadays

"Everything Is Average Nowadays" is a song by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs and is the ninth track on their second album, "Yours Truly, Angry Mob". The song was released as the second single from that album in the United Kingdom on 21 May 2007 (see 2007 in British music). At the band's gig at Shepherds Bush Empire on 3 March that year, singer Ricky Wilson had introduced the song as "the second single from the album", leading to the initial speculation. The single was confirmed on March 25 on the band's website.
The title of the song is often seen as an allusion to the Buzzcocks song "Everybody's Happy Nowadays". It also seems to be heavily influenced by Blur to whom the band is often unfavourably compared.
A live version of the song recorded in Berlin during the band's tour there in November 2006 was released in the United States on 13 March 2007 as part of a promotional disc offered at Best Buy stores. It has been noted by some fans that the version included on the promo CD is actually the studio version, rather than the live version as stated on the card sleeve.
Both the CD and 7" formats of the single were issued at a limited run, and was deleted one week after its release.
The song has been covered by The Little Ones, which is available on a 7" single with the Kaiser Chiefs' "Love's Not a Competition (But I'm Winning)".

</doc>
<doc id="9810730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810730" title="Philip Phillips (businessman)">
Philip Phillips (businessman)

Dr. Philip Phillips (January 27, 1874 – April 18, 1959) was a prominent businessman and philanthropist who was particularly active in the Central Florida area. He earned a medical degree from Columbia University in New York. A citrus magnate, at one point he owned more than of citrus groves before selling his industry assets in 1953. After that, he established the Dr. P. Phillips Foundation, while Dr. Phillips Inc. remained in the real estate business, particularly as run by his son, Howard Phillips.
Many places and establishments are named in his honor in Orlando, Florida area, including Dr. P. Phillips Baby Place at Winter Park Memorial Hospital, Orlando Regional Dr. P. Phillips Hospital, The Dr. Phillips House which is now a restored Historic Inn where Dr. Phillips lived, Dr. Phillips High School, the Dr. Phillips community within Orlando, and the Dr. P. Phillips Orlando Performing Arts Center, to be completed in July 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9810745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810745" title="Kevin Patterson (singer)">
Kevin Patterson (singer)

Kevin Patterson (born 5 March 1960) is a Scottish songwriter and singer best known for his work in Fiction Factory, a new wave band active during the 1980s.
Fiction Factory.
Before they started their project Fiction Factory, Kevin Patterson (vocals), Eddie Jordan (keyboards) and Chic Medley (guitar) were playing in a band called The RB's, a skinhead ska band based in Perth, Scotland. After they left that band, they wanted to keep writing songs but were fed up with live performances (the RB's were one of the most prolific live performers in Scotland at that time). With no name for this project, the first song Patterson and Jordan wrote for it in 1982 was "(Feels Like) Heaven" - the eventual 1984 UK top 10 hit - written in the space of roughly half a day.
From a list of names that Medley had drawn up, Fiction Factory was chosen: firstly, because of the perceived falseness of the music scene and its reliance on pretty faces the project was originally going to be fronted by nice-looking people who had nothing to do with the songwriting or performance of the music; secondly, the hope was that they would write music for themselves, other artists and maybe even films. They were contacted by CBS Records and, after protracted procrastination by the label over a period of two years, got a contract with them.
It should be mentioned that this was not before Patterson, Jordan and Medley were forced to create yet another live band with Graham McGregor (bass) and Mike Ogletree (drums and percussion) - a former drummer of the band Simple Minds - to prove to CBS that they were able to play live.
Later years.
After a few years, the band broke up in 1987, and Kevin Patterson started to work for the University of Dundee. He is now married with wife Jacqueline and has two children (Daniel and Marci).
In 2011, Fiction Factory reformed to perform at the 2011 Rewind Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9810771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810771" title="1998–99 French Division 1">
1998–99 French Division 1

The 1998–99 Ligue 1 season (then called Division 1) was the 61st since its establishment. FC Girondins de Bordeaux won the French Association Football League with 72 points.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Division 1 season 1999/2000

</doc>
<doc id="9810777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810777" title="Wurmser">
Wurmser

Wurmser is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9810794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810794" title="Edward Bancroft Williston">
Edward Bancroft Williston

Edward Bancroft Williston (July 15, 1837 – April 24, 1920) was a brigadier general in the United States Army. He was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the American Civil War.
Biography.
Williston was born in Norwich, Vermont, and graduated from Norwich University in 1856. Earlier that year, he was one of the first initiated members of Theta Chi fraternity at the school.
On August 5, 1861, Williston was commissioned in the 2nd United States Artillery as a second lieutenant in San Francisco, California. Later that year, on September 27, he was promoted to first lieutenant. On June 12, 1864, Williston received the Medal of Honor for his actions at Trevilian Station, Virginia as part of D Battery, 2nd United States Artillery, as part of the famed U.S. Horse Artillery Brigade. The medal citation is for his "distinguished gallantry in action at Trevillian Station, Virginia, June 2, 1864." 
Effective March 8, 1865, Williston promoted to captain. He was brevetted captain on May 3, 1863, for "gallant and meritorious services in action at Salem Heights, Virginia" and brevetted Major for the same at the Battle of Gettysburg on July 3, 1863. He was brevetted Lieutenant Colonel on September 19, 1864 in the Battle of Winchester and brevetted Colonel on March 13, 1865. 
However it was not until March 22, 1885, before Williston was permanently promoted to major in the 3rd U.S. Artillery, reaching lieutenant colonel ten years later on February 12, 1895. He reached full colonel in the 6th U.S. Artillery on March 8, 1898.
During the Spanish-American War, Williston was promoted to brigadier general of volunteers on March 4, 1898, however was only promoted to full brigadier general in the Regular Army on April 23, 1904 due to an Act of Congress. He had retired four years earlier on July 15, 1900, having been honorably discharged from the volunteers the previous year, on June 12, 1899. 
Married to Flora E. Chatfield Williston (September 26, 1861 - December 24, 1944), Williston retired to Portland, Oregon, and died there on April 24, 1920. He was buried in Section 1, Grave 422 of Arlington National Cemetery, with his wife being buried next to him twenty four years later.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: First Lieutenant, 2d U.S. Artillery. Place and date: At Trevilian Station, Va., June 12, 1864. Entered service at: San Francisco, Calif. Birth: Norwich, Vt. Date of issue: April 6, 1892. 
Citation:
Distinguished gallantry.

</doc>
<doc id="9810796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810796" title="António Saiote">
António Saiote

António Saiote is a clarinetist. He has performed and taught in almost thirty countries in Europe, America, Asia and Africa. He was clarinet soloist in the Teatro Nacional de São Carlos, the Reggie Symphonic Orchestra and Porto's Classical Orchestra.
He teaches at the Porto Superior School of Music and began his career as conductor of several Portuguese and international orchestras.
Saote has also recorded several discs and is a juror member of several International Festivals including Toulon, Warsaw, Rome, Dos Hermanas and Porto.
He is the subject of a biography, "Maneiras de dizer", authored by Florbela Faria.

</doc>
<doc id="9810807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810807" title="William Hopkins (disambiguation)">
William Hopkins (disambiguation)

William Hopkins (1793–1866) was an English mathematician and geologist.
William Hopkins may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9810826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810826" title="Lucie Edwards">
Lucie Edwards

Lucie Edwards is a Canadian diplomat, who worked in the Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development from 1976 to 2009, as the high commissioner to India, South Africa, Kenya and permanent representative to the United Nations Environmental program. She founded the Global Issues Bureau and served as assistant deputy minister for Corporate Services in Ottawa. She received the Public Service Award of Excellence in 1995 for her humanitarian work during the Rwanda genocide and was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award of Excellence from the Department of Foreign Affairs in 2009. Lucie Edwards has over 20 years of experience representing Canada at the United Nations and regional development agencies. Her interests include good governance, food security, poverty alleviation, primary health care and sustainable development. Today, she can be found working at the crossroads of science, the environment, and international development as part of her doctoral dissertation in Global Governance at the University of Waterloo(2009–present). She is also the Ashley Fellow 2011 at Trent University.
Education.
She was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. She was a contestant on Reach for the Top and valedictorian of her graduating class at Laurentian High School in Ottawa, Ontario.
In recognition of exceptional academic and extracurricular achievement, she was a recipient of the prestigious Champlain Scholarship at Trent University in Peterborough, Ontario. As an ungraduate student backpacking around the Middle East, her bus was hijacked in Lebanon. She earned a Bachelor of Arts Economics and History Honours, from Trent University in 1976. She took the Foreign Affairs Officer's exam initially because she thought it would be good practice for the law school entrance exam. She accepted a job offer on the Middle East desk at the Department of External now Foreign Affairs in 1976. She earned a Masters in Public Administration from John F Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. In 1984. Lucie Edwards married Thomas Roach (BA, Trent University, 1970) in 1979.
Career.
As a Canadian public servant and diplomat, Lucie Edwards has held various roles. In 1976, Lucie Edwards was one of five women who joined the Department of External Affairs (DEA), now the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade. 
Honours.
Ms. Edwards was awarded the 2009 Award of Excellence—Lifetime Achievement Award for her career in the Foreign Service.
In 1995, Lucie Edwards received the Public Service Award of Excellence, the Public Service’s highest award, for her mission's humanitarian work during the civil war in Rwanda. She received the Merit Award, 1994 for consular operations in Rwanda, Department of Foreign Affairs. She was awarded the Merit Award, 1989 for human rights work in South Africa, Department of Foreign Affairs.
She was the Ashley Fellow at Trent University 2011/12 where she served as a “diplomat in residence” and spoke to classes in Environmental Resource Science / Studies, International Development Studies, Politics, and Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="9810837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810837" title="Howard Phillips (philanthropist)">
Howard Phillips (philanthropist)

Howard Phillips (March 27, 1902 – 1979) was a prominent businessman and philanthropist that was particularly active in the Central Florida area. He worked in the citrus operations of his father, Dr. Philip Phillips, and took over his philanthropic organization after his father's death in 1959.
Like his father, Howard has several items named after him in Orlando, Florida, including Howard Phillips Hall, one of the central buildings at the University of Central Florida, and the Howard Phillips Center for Children & Families, a center for troubled families which is part of Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children.

</doc>
<doc id="9810839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810839" title="County Route 11 (Suffolk County, New York)">
County Route 11 (Suffolk County, New York)

County Route 11 (CR 11), mostly known as Pulaski Road, is a county road in northwestern Suffolk County, New York, in the United States. It runs east and west between New York State Route 108 (NY 108) in Cold Spring Harbor and NY 25A in Kings Park. Most of the road is two lanes wide, although there are some areas where it opens up to four lanes, or simply allows center-left-turn lanes.
Within western Suffolk County, CR 11 provides the closest access to the Port Jefferson Branch of the Long Island Rail Road, since it runs roughly parallel to the tracks throughout its span.
Route description.
CR 11 begins an intersection with NY 108 just east of the Nassau–Suffolk county line. In Nassau County, the road is Woodbury Road and designated but not signed as CR 12. CR 11 interrupts Woodbury Road, rather than replaces it. Shortly after this intersection, Woodbury Road moves north towards Huntington, while Pulaski Road, part of New York State Bicycle Route 25A (NYS Bike Route 25A), moves east. 
In Huntington Manor CR 11 intersects with CR 92 where NYS Bike Route 25A turns south. It then crosses the Port Jefferson Branch of the Long Island Rail Road at an at-grade crossing before reaching the intersection of NY 110 in Huntington Station. Also in Huntington Station is the intersection of CR 35 which has become a connection between the North Shore and NY 231, since the cancellation of the proposed Babylon–Northport Expressway.
East of this point, much of the road is dotted with town houses and condominiums built along frontage roads. In Greenlawn the road intersects with CR 9 (Cuba Hill Road), and CR 86 (Broadway–Greenlawn Centerport Road). Greenlawn Park is a local baseball field that runs along all three streets, and no others. The park is located along the south side of Pulaski Road, east side of Cuba Hill Road, and west side of Broadway. In East Northport the road winds left near Oswego Drive. This was where the formerly proposed Babylon–Northport Expressway was intended to have an interchange. From there it intersects CR 10 (Elwood Road) and then Larkfield Road.
Crossing over the Port Jefferson Branch of the Long Island Rail Road a second time, Pulaski Road takes a steep drop down a hill far below the level of the tracks, where it encounters the intersection of CR 4, leaves the Town of Huntington, and enters the Town of Smithtown.
Sunken Meadow State Parkway was built underneath Pulaski Road in the 1950s. It shares a cloverleaf interchange, which has the southernmost ramps squeezed tightly between the train trestle carrying the LIRR Port Jefferson line. From there on, the name of the road is immediately changed to East Northport Road. NYS Bike Route 25A rejoins CR 11 at Old Commack Road, and CR 11 ends at NY 25A just two blocks west of CR 14. Northeast of NY 25A the road turns into Old Dock Road and runs along the west side of the former Kings Park State Hospital until reaching the Nissequogue River.
History.
CR 11 was assigned on January 27, 1930. Prior to 1961, Pulaski Road had suffixed sections of CR 11 that were intended to be integrated into the rest of the road, many of which were at disjointed intersections. Once the intersections were fixed, the suffixes were deleted.
From the 1940s through the 1960s, the New York State Department of Transportation considered acquiring the road as part of a proposed North Shore Expressway which was to include the realignment of NY 25A. It was thwarted by public opposition in the 1970s.
References.
General references

</doc>
<doc id="9810845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810845" title="Preakness Stables">
Preakness Stables

Preakness Stables was a Thoroughbred horse racing stable established by Massachusetts businessman Milton H. Sanford in Wayne, New Jersey at what today is the corner of Valley Road and Preakness Avenue.
Milton Sanford named one of his horses Preakness who won the first running of the Dinner Party Stakes and for whom the Preakness Stakes is named.
In addition to the New Jersey stable, Milton Sanford owned the Preakness Stud Farm in Lexington, Kentucky. One of their stallions at stud in Kentucky was Virgil, who sired Kentucky Derby winners Hindoo, Ben Ali and Vagrant, plus Preakness Stakes winner, Vanguard, and the champion 2-year-old colt, Tremont.In 1881, the sixty-eight-year-old Milton Sanford sold the Kentucky Preakness Stud to Daniel Swigert who renamed it Elmendorf Farm.
Under trainer Edward Feakes, Preakness Stables won the Preakness Stakes twice. Their first victory came in 1890 with Montague and in 1895 with Belmar who also won the Belmont Stakes.

</doc>
<doc id="9810865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810865" title="Pete Harman">
Pete Harman

Leon Weston "Pete" Harman (born January 16, 1919) is an American businessman best known for having struck a deal with Colonel Harland Sanders to open the first KFC franchise. Located in Salt Lake City, Utah it opened for business in August 1952.
Harman was born in 1919 in Granger, now a part of West Valley City, a suburb of Salt Lake City, Utah to David Reese (1874–1924) and Grace May (1879–1919) Hemenway. Harman was the youngest of 14 children in a Mormon family. 
Harman and his wife, Arline, opened their first restaurant, The Do Drop Inn, with two employees in 1941. 
Harman worked with Harland Sanders to develop and prepare the KFC system for franchising, working to develop training manuals and product guides. His other claims to fame are the development of the bucket packaging and the emphasis on the "Finger-lickin' good" motto.
In 1990 the International Foodservice Manufacturer Association recognized Harman's achievements with its Gold Plate Award. At the time of the award the Harman Management Corp. of Los Altos, California, employs over 4,000 people and operates 238 KFC stores in four states. Credit for his success was given to his enlightened practices towards his staff including stock purchase schemes. 
His original KFC building was demolished in 2004 to make way for a museum and an updated restaurant. Harman resides in retirement in California.

</doc>
<doc id="9810885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810885" title="Richard Marcangelo">
Richard Marcangelo

Richard Marcangelo and is a British drummer, writer and producer.
He was raised in Fishguard, Pembrokeshire, Wales. He has played drums and percussion for many different artists including Rumer (played drums and percussion on her debut double platinum 'Seasons of My Soul' album), Laura Mvula, Manfred Mann's Earth Band, Desmond Dekker, Eddi Reader, Robert Plant, Afro Celt Sound System, Sniff 'n' the Tears. He has also produced records for Acid Jazz band Vibraphonic and written incidental music for Mr. Bean the TV series, even appearing in the episode 'Mr. Bean Goes To Town'.
He played drums on some tracks on Manfred Mann’s Earth Band’s "Soft Vengeance" album in 1996 and joined the band full-time in 2000, touring extensively until spring 2001 when he left. He featured on their live DVD "Angel Station In Moscow" recorded at Luzhniki Palace of Sports, Moscow on 18 November 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9810898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810898" title="Onaolapo Soleye">
Onaolapo Soleye

Onaolapo Soleye is Nigerian scholar, an ally and adviser of President Obasanjo and a former minister for finance during the regime of General Buhari. He was also a former commissioner for Finance and Industry in Ogun State. He currently sits on the board of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation and the Obasanjo Presidential Library. Dr Soleye attended the famed Baptist Boys High School, Abeokuta, one of the earliest secondary school established in Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9810909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810909" title="Pedro Saglimbeni Muñoz">
Pedro Saglimbeni Muñoz

Pedro Armando Saglimbeni Muñoz is the first solo viola at Orquestra Sinfónica Portuguesa and solo in important orchestras as the Sinfónica de Colombia, Nacional de Panamá, Orchestre Philharmonique Rhodanien, Sinfónica Portuguesa, Nacional do Porto and Orquestra do Norte.
He is also Professor of Viola at Fundação Musical dos Amigos das Crianças em Lisboa.
He began his musical studies in his country (Venezuela) and continued in Germany and Poland, at the European Mozart Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="9810976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810976" title="MSV Neuruppin">
MSV Neuruppin

MSV Neuruppin is a German association football club from Neuruppin, Brandenburg. The football team and its youth side is part of a larger sports association of approximately 1,000 members that has departments for athletics, billiards, boxing, chess, disabled sports, gymnastics, hiking, swimming, table tennis, volleyball, and general recreation.
__TOC__
History.
The club was originally formed as "Neuruppiner Turnerbund" in the fall of 1919. It evolved into the military sports club "Militärsportverein Neuruppin" before becoming "Märkischer Sportverein Neuruppin". After World War II the club was re-established as "SG Neuruppin" in the fall of 1945 and then went through a quick succession of name changes playing variously as "ZSG Neuruppin" (1948), "Nordwest Neuruppin" (1949), "BSG Konsum Neuruppin" (1950), "BSG Empor Mitte Neurppin" (1951), and finally, "BSG Empor Neuruppin" (1952). The club played as "Elektronik Neuruppin" from 1983 to 1989 and after German re-unification was known briefly as "TuS Neuruppin" before re-claiming its current name in 1990.
The club played as an anonymous side the East German fourth division Berzirksliga Potsdam through most of the 50s and 60s. In the mid-70s "Neuruppin" began a climb that took them to a first place finish in Group 1 of the division in 1980, but despite being unable to advance from there, they continued to finish strongly until the mid-80s. They did not enjoy any other meaningful on-field success until the turn of the millennium.
After the merger of the football leagues of the two Germany's in the early 90s "Neuruppin" would initially compete in what was then the Landesliga Brandenburg (V). League re-structuring in 1994 made the division a sixth tier circuit where the club delivered uneven results until capturing the division championship in 2000 and advancing to the Verbandsliga Brandenburg (V). "Neuruppin" immediately took a second title and was promoted to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV). The team has performed well at this level, consistently earning upper table results including second place finishes in each of the last two seasons.
In 2004–05 "MSV" finished behind the second team squad of "Hansa Rostock" which declined promotion. This led to "Neuruppin"'s participation in promotion playoffs for the third tier Regionalliga where they were defeated by "FC Carl Zeiss Jena" by scores of 0:2 and 1:2. However, the club was able to come away that season as Brandenburgpokal (Brandenburg Cup) winners by beating "SV Babelsberg 03" 2:1. That earned the team a place in the 2005–06 German Cup competition and on 25 August 2005 "Neuruppin" was beaten 0:4 in their first round match versus "FC Bayern Munich" in front of 33,000 spectators, the largest number to ever watch an "MSV" match.
In the 2005–06 regular season the club delivered another strong performance, finishing a solid second to "1. FC Union Berlin". Unfortunately, an announcement by management of the association's poor financial state, which would prevent any application for a Regionalliga place, put a damper on the campaign and has contributed to the collapse of the team competitively in the current season following significant personnel changes. After being relegated from the Oberliga in 2006–07, the club appears to have sat out the following Verbandsliga season, competing in the Landesliga Brandenburg-Nord (VII) in 2008–09.
Stadium.
The club plays in the Volksparkstadion which has a capacity of 5,300 and was built in the 60s as the Stadion der Freundschaft. The facility originally accommodated close to 10,000 spectators and was refurbished between 1998 and 2001. "MSV"'s former home was the Sportplatz der Friedrich-Franz-Kaserne.
Team trivia.
The term "Märkischer" in the club name refers to Mark as a region of Brandenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9810979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810979" title="Bill Hopkins (novelist)">
Bill Hopkins (novelist)

Bill Hopkins (5 May 1928 – 6 May 2011) was a Welsh novelist and journalist, and has been grouped with the Angry Young Men. His father was Ted Hopkins, a popular stage performer; his mother Violet Brodrick. He is survived by his German-born wife, Carla Hopkins, the proprietress of the antiques store they ran together for many years.
His one published novel is a philosophical thriller, "The Divine and The Decay" (London, MacGibbon and Kee, 1957), also published as "The Leap!" In this story, the fate of Britain hangs in the balance. Political parties are jockeying for power. A recently formed political party (the New Britain Party) is led by a visionary firebrand, Peter Plowart, who has planned the assassination of his arch-rival, the leader of his own political party. As he anticipates the assassination, he realises he must establish an alibi to show that he was somewhere else when it all comes to pass. By examining the statistics tables of a meticulously researched government census, he decides to make a little trip to a little island off the coast of Britain (modelled on one of the smaller Channel Islands) and give a speech to the citizens there. If everything were timed properly, he could rely quite simply on the inhabitants remembering him visiting them, and they would vouch for him being with them when the actual assassination took place. His encounter with the islanders, however, leads him to question and test his "will power".
This Nietzschean novel is noteworthy in that the publisher voluntarily recalled all known copies of the work, and had them destroyed, as a result of critical allegations of fascistic themes. Surviving copies of the publisher's initial print run are rare and can command prices in three figures (G.B. pounds or U.S. dollars in the year 2007). Although there exist 1991 reprints under the title "The Leap", these do not command the same price.
Hopkins was also the author of "Ways Without Precedent", an essay collected in an anthology of pieces by writers identified as Angry Young Men (and women), "Declaration", edited by Tom Maschler (London, MacGibbon and Kee, 1957). He has also written some poetry.
He has been identified closely with the authors Colin Wilson and Stuart Holroyd, with whom he shared a house in London in the late 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="9811037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811037" title="Great Flats Nature Trail">
Great Flats Nature Trail

The Great Flats Nature Trail is a protected wetland habitat mostly located in the town of Rotterdam, New York, United States. It is situated just west of the city of Schenectady on West Campbell Road (NY 337).
History.
The Great Flats date back to 1661 when Van Curler, a statesman from Schenectady, New York along with 14 other persons applied to Peter Stuyvesant, the Dutch Director-General of New York for permission to buy a tract of land known by its Dutch name of Groote Vlachte, (Great Flats) from the Indians. 
The area was originally an alluvial tract of land alongside the Mohawk River and contained several hundred acres of land. At that time it was a mainly cleared area which held water well enabling crops to be grown but had good drainage to prevent flooding. The area was settled by the Dutch and many farmsteads were set up 
As the towns of Schenectady and Rotterdam grew, the area became an important source of water for the towns in 1897 the first public wells were installed to utilize the Great Flats aquifer. and still remains so today drawing more than 54 million gallons a day. 
In the 1960s a proposal was put forward to build a shopping mall called Rotterdam Square Mall on the land.
The building of the mall was dogged with controversy when it was first proposed. The area was at the time a nature preserve and environmental groups were concerned that the building of the mall would endanger wildlife and pollute the wet lands. Eventually a permit was given containing numerous deed restrictions These restrictions, were put in place in order to protect this critical area, prohibit any further construction or excavation activities, improvements or changes of any kind or nature, except as permitted by the Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) for a wildlife sanctuary, park, and nature trails.
Today, the area has been tided up and contains a variety of protected habitats for both woodland and wetland species of animals and birds. There is however constant pressure to develop land adjacent to the preserve and many environmental groups are involved in protecting it.
Status.
The Great Flats Nature Preserve is classed as containing Class I wetland; Class I is the most environmentally sensitive of the five wetlands classifications. Wetlands serve
as filters which remove pollutants from surface water and are important for the purity of aquifer water as well as for the health and cleanliness of the river.
The trail.
From the trailhead, a well-defined path is followed through woodland displaying a variety of plants and trees. The wooded area eventually gives way to wetlands and a small lake. Here the path becomes a boardwalk round the lake. The trail is a circular route of about total, there are several small side paths taking the total trail length to about .
Natural history.
The area provides both dry wood and wetland habitats that support many species of trees, plants, animals and insects. Many of the animals whilst not rare or endangered are found locally only in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="9811049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811049" title="Valeria Bertuccelli">
Valeria Bertuccelli

Valeria Bertuccelli (born in 1969) in is an Argentine film and television actress. 
Born in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Buenos Aires Province, she began her career in experimental theatre, and later worked in the San Martín and Cervantes theatres. She was first cast in the cinema of Argentina by director Mariano Galperin, and received a Silver Condor Award for her role in Daniel Barone's "Alma mía" (2000). She won another Silver Condor for her leading role in Diego Lerman's "Mientras tanto", in 2007.
Her husband, Vicentico, is co-founder and lead vocalist of the Argentine rock group Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. They have two sons together, Florián and Vicente.

</doc>
<doc id="9811051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811051" title="Albert Houthuesen">
Albert Houthuesen

__NOTOC__ 
Albert Houthuesen (3 October 1903, Amsterdam – 20 October 1979, London) was a Dutch-born British artist. 
Houthuesen was born in Amsterdam; his father was Jean Charles Pierre Houthuesen, a painter and musician. In 1912, following the death of his father, he came to London; he became naturalized in 1922. He took art classes at Saint Martin's School of Art while working for a furniture maker, and in an architect's office. He attended the Royal College of Art between 1923 and 1927, with contemporaries Henry Moore, Barbara Hepworth, Edward Burra, Ceri Richards and Cecil Collins. From 1928 to 1936 he taught art classes at The Working Men's College with colleagues Percy Horton and Barnett Freedman, under the Directorship of James Laver
During the Second World War he worked as a draughtsman at Doncaster. After the War he taught at St Gabriel's College, Camberwell, and collected artworks that became the College collection. St Gabriel's Art Department was run by the painter Catherine Dean, who Houthuesen had married in 1931. Each year during the 1930s Houthuesen and Dean visited Trelogan, Dean's family home, where Houthuesen painted monumental portraits of colliers.
Reception and style.
In 1976 the BBC broadcast "Walk to the Moon - The Story of Albert Houthuesen", a film about Houthuesen's his life and work. Souren Melikian, in a feature article on Houthuesen in the International Herald Tribune wrote: "I suspect that Houthuesen will come to be seen as one of the great figures in post-World War II Western art".
During his career, Houthuesen possibly painted about 2000 works, and although many were acquired by major art galleries and collectors, few have been publically exhibited.
His work was influenced by Rembrandt, Constable, Turner and van Gogh. 
Houthuesen's art is autobiographical and belongs to no 20th century school. He worked in virtual isolation for sixty years, producing still-lives, landscapes, seascapes, and portraits, as well as biblical, mythical and allegorical scenes. 

</doc>
<doc id="9811080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811080" title="Columbia (Amtrak station)">
Columbia (Amtrak station)

The Columbia Amtrak station, located in Columbia, South Carolina, is a passenger rail station served by an Amtrak passenger train, the "Silver Star". The street address is 850 Pulaski Street, about three miles southeast of the downtown area. The station opened in 1991, replacing the 1903-built Seaboard Air Line station two blocks east.

</doc>
<doc id="9811087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811087" title="Cyndi Almouzni">
Cyndi Almouzni

Cyndi Almouzni (born 10 October 1984), best known at the beginning of her music career in the United States as Cherie is a French pop and dance music singer coming from Marseille Her 2004 hit "I'm Ready" hit #1 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
Later on she performed professionally with her real name Cyndi Almouzni and under her mononym Cyndi most notably when she took part in the competition for UK entry to Eurovision Song Contest with "I'll Leave My Heart" coming second to the eventual entry "Flying the Flag (For You)" from Scooch.
Career.
When she was 14, Cyndi won a local talent contest and entered the national televised contest finals held in Paris. This was the start of her professional singing career. She has performed in many countries, including France, the UK and the US. She signed a worldwide recording contract in the US while continuing her studies.
As Cherie.
Steve Allen, A&R at Sony BMG first discovered Cyndi after hearing her powerful vocals on a dance track recorded when she was just 14 years old. Allen was behind two previous Eurovision entries, Gina G with "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit" and the 1997 UK winning Eurovision entry in Dublin with "Love Shine a Light" by Katrina and the Waves.
In 2003, "Betcha Never" (that later appeared in the album "Cherie") was actually used in soundtrack of the 2003 film "".
In 2004, Cyndi while signed to Lava Records under the artistic name Cherie, she released a self-titled album she named "Cherie" which featured the lead-off single "I'm Ready" released in summer of 2004. The song sampled the bassline from Foreigner's "Urgent" and made decent headway on the US charts reaching #1 on Hot Dance Club Songs in addition to #33 on US Pop Songs chart and cracked the Billboard Hot 100 at #99.
The follow-up single from the same album "Cherie" titled "Older Than My Years" was released in September 2004 and charted at Adult Contemporary chart.
After these three hits, and aside from one holiday track that was sent to radio ("Merry Christmas Darling") Cherie seemingly disappeared altogether.
As Cyndi Almouzni / Cyndi.
Cherie resurfaced in the 2007 BBC selection for the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest. but interestingly, no mention was made of "Cherie" again as Cyndi reverted to her family name.
On 17 March 2007 Cyndi Almouzni competed in the BBC's Eurovision: Making Your Mind Up contest to decide who would represent the United Kingdom at the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest in Helsinki, Finland. She sang the song "I'll Leave My Heart", which had been produced by renowned Grammy award winning producer Brian Rawling.
Terry Wogan announced the winner to be Cyndi while, simultaneously, co-host Fearne Cotton revealed the winner to be Scooch. After several seconds of confusion from both contestants, it was revealed that Scooch were the true winners. It was later revealed by the BBC that Cyndi had received 47% of the vote to Scooch's 53%.
Her song was entered into the OGAE Second Chance Contest 2007 competition, and came second.
Cyndi was known to be working on album material which was due for release in 2009.
She made a comeback in 2012 when in Groovenut EP release. The Ep and the dance hit is "Lose Control" featuring Cyndi (as a mononym).

</doc>
<doc id="9811091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811091" title="Arizona State Route 98">
Arizona State Route 98

State Route 98 (SR 98) is a state highway in Coconino County in the U.S. state of Arizona.
Route description.
SR 98 begins at an intersection with US 89 just south of the Glen Canyon Dam along the Colorado River. It runs along the southern portion of the city of Page and turns southeast into the Navajo Indian Reservation. It enters the town of Kaibito in the reservation, but otherwise the stretch through the Native American reservation is mostly devoid of settlements. Following Indian Route 22, SR 98 intersects Indian Route 221 just north of its eastern terminus at US 160, the Navajo Trail.
History.
The route was established in 1974, when portions of former Indian Route 22 were given to the Arizona Department of Transportation to establish as a state highway, as routed today. Portions of the route were realigned in Page when portions of the route were redefined as State Route 989. This portion in Page was later relinquished by ADOT to the city of Page. Four years later, the rest of the route was designated as a scenic road.
In 2013, due to the buckling of U.S. Route 89 south of Page, the route has become one of the major detour routes from the South Rim to the North Rim of the Grand Canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="9811096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811096" title="Patrick Koshoni">
Patrick Koshoni

Vice Admiral Patrick Koshoni is a retired Nigerian naval officer, former Chief of Naval Staff and a former minister for Health during administration of General Buhari. During his tenure as health minister, he tried to kick start a national insurance scheme, the scheme involved medical treatment without down payment.
Born in Lagos on 17 April 1943, Vice Admiral Patrick Sebo Koshoni (Rtd), joined the Nigerian Navy on the 11 of June 1962 after a secondary school education at St Finbarr’s College, Akoka Lagos. 
That same year he started the naval cadetship training at the National Defence Training Academy in India and was commissioned Sub-Lieutenant on 16 July 1964.
Admiral Koshoni attended many naval, management and leadership courses and headed many naval and military appointments, committees and task forces. 
He was a three-time minister in various military regimes, heading the ministries of Health, Transport and Aviation, Employment, Labour and Productivity.
He was appointed the 6th Chief of the Naval Staff from October 1986 to January 1990, after several years of political appointments.
Vice Admiral Koshoni’s tenure as CNS led to the Nigerian Navy Trident Strategy which articulated the Nigeria’s maritime strategic imperatives while streamlining the acquisition of platforms for the appropriate size and shape of the NN. Other initiatives under his tenure included Manpower Rationalisation, Training Programmes, Logistic Reform and morale boosting Welfare Schemes.

</doc>
<doc id="9811105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811105" title="Lasse Staw">
Lasse Staw

Lasse Staw (born 1 January 1988) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for FK Bodø/Glimt in Tippeligaen as a goalkeeper. Previously, he has played for Fredrikstad FK and Syrianska FC.
Career.
Club career.
Staw made his debut in the very last match of the 2004 season against Viking. In the 2006 season he made several appearances, and did things very well. He has played for several minor clubs before he went to Fredrikstad.
On 24 March 2012 it was announced that Staw had signed with Allsvenskan club Syrianska FC. He joined Lillestrøm on a half-year contract in August 2012, as the club wanted another goalkeeper as their first-choice goalkeeper Stefán Logi Magnússon was injured for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9811115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811115" title="IFAN Museum of African Arts">
IFAN Museum of African Arts

The Musée de l'Institut Fondamental d'Afrique Noire or IFAN Museum of African Arts in Dakar, Senegal is one of the oldest art museums in West Africa. It was promoted by Léopold Senghor, the country's first President. In December 2007, its official title was changed to The Théodore Monod African Art Museum ("Musée Théodore Monod d'Art africain"), after the French naturalist Théodore André Monod, former director of IFAN. Previously its official name had been ""Le Musée d'Art africain de l'Institut fondamental d'Afrique noire Cheikh Anta Diop IFAN/CAD"".
The museum is part of the Institut Fondamental d'Afrique Noire (IFAN) institute, founded 1936 under the Popular Front government in France. When IFAN was transferred to Cheikh Anta Diop University in 1960, the building at Place Soweto near the National Assembly of Senegal was converted into a museum. It is today one of the most prestigious centers for the study of African culture and part of the Cheikh Anta Diop University. As the main cultural research center of the colonies of French West Africa, it contains important collections from across Francophone Africa.
The museum is one of the regular locations used in the Dakar Biennale exhibition, showing art by contemporary African and diaspora artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9811124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811124" title="Big Shot Comics">
Big Shot Comics

Big Shot Comics was an American comic book series published by Columbia Comics during period in the 1940s that fans and historians refer to as the Golden Age of comic books. It ran 104 issues, cover-dated May 1940 to August 1949. With issue #30 (Dec. 1942), the title was shortened to simply "Big Shot". An anthology title, the series included a mix of superheroes, costumed crimefighters, crusading district attorneys, heroic magicians and others, both in original stories and in reprinted newspaper comic strip from the McNaught Syndicate. The latter included such popular strips as "Dixie Dugan", "Joe Palooka", and the movie-series spin-off "Charlie Chan.
Original characters included The Face, Sparky Watts, Skyman, Brass Knuckles, Marvelo and Spy-Master.
Although the character Skyman was intended to be the leader of the title, the character did not have the star power that the publisher hoped for. Sparky Watts, a character created by Boody Rogers, started in issue 14, and judging by the number of covers and solo books, had the highest popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="9811129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811129" title="Prince Frederick Adolf of Sweden">
Prince Frederick Adolf of Sweden

Prince Frederick Adolf of Sweden (18 July 1750, Drottningholm – 12 December 1803, Montpellier, France), was a Swedish Prince, youngest son of King Adolf Frederick of Sweden and Louisa Ulrika of Prussia, a sister Frederick the Great, King of Prussia. He was given the title Duke of Östergötland.
Biography.
The Duke was described as "The most beautiful Prince in Europe" and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother. He and his sister, Sophia Albertina, was their mother's favourites and also devoted to each other; during family conflicts, such as the famous succession scandal regarding the questioned legitimacy of the Crown Prince in 1778, he and his sister was on their mother's side. As a child, he had a weak health and a fierce temperament. His education became somewhat lacking. He was given the title colonel at twelve and general major at eighteen. He took part in the revolution of 1772 and was given the title of duke of Östergötland by his brother as a recognition, but he soon became a part of the opposition against his brother.
His sister-in-law, Hedwig Elizabeth Charlotte of Holstein-Gottorp, describes him as beautiful, with expressive eyes, an easy going temper, and very handsome when he dresses properly, though often badly dressed in his private life, and gives the estimation that he would have been a greater social success, if he did not say so many suggestive things and had such a filthy mouth is to say, he used a sexually suggestive language, which he acquired because he had spent too much time with men, and had such a weakness for women and sex.
He had no task in his life other than the ceremonial, and spent his life wasting money and involving himself in love affairs, among them with the actress Euphrosyne Löf, sister of the great prima donna Fredrique Löwen. He did, however, service in the Russo-Swedish War in Finland in 1788.
Prince Fredrick Adolf was never married, and the ceremonial duties of his consort were performed by his sister Sophia Albertina. He had several plans to marry, but none of them was realised. His first proposal was to the Countess Ulla von Höpken, but she was married to another, and he was sent to France to forget her (1770). In 1774, he proposed to the cousin of his former love, Countess Sophie von Fersen, daughter of Axel von Fersen the Elder and sister of Axel von Fersen the Younger, the alleged lover of Marie Antoinette. She and her father refused, as they were afraid that she would be badly treated by his brother and mother, who was reluctant to give their consent, and because she was already engaged, and Frederick Adolf was sent to Italy (1776) until she was married. He lived from 1778 to 1795, in a happy relationship with the ballet dancer Sophie Hagman, who was well liked at court, and had a daughter, Sophia Frederica, with her. In 1780, he temporarily ended his relationship with Hagman and proposed to the noble Margaretha Lovisa Wrangel, with whom he became informally engaged. The King gave his permission to the marriage with the condition that is was postponed for a year (during which Wrangel was sent to Scania), with the thought that his brother would change his mind; this was also the case, and Frederick Adolf returned to Hagman in 1781. After his relationship with Hagman ended, he proposed to princess Princess Augusta Sophia of the United Kingdom in 1797, and after his relationship with Euphrosyne Löf ended he proposed to Dorothea von Medem, dowager duchess of Courland in 1801, but none of the marriages was realized.
In 1800, Frederick Adolf left Sweden for health reasons and travelled to Germany and then to France. He died in Montpellier in France in 1803.

</doc>
<doc id="9811144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811144" title="Alfred Louis Delattre">
Alfred Louis Delattre

Alfred Louis Delattre (1850-1932) was a French archaeologist, born at Déville-lès-Rouen. Sent as a missionary to Algeria, he became chaplain of the church of St. Louis of Carthage and conservator of the archaeological museum at Algiers. His investigations among the ruins of ancient Carthage were very valuable. He became director of the Musée Lavigerie de Saint-Louis de Carthage, founded through his efforts in 1875. His works include: 
Literature.
For his articles in periodicals, consult Marquis d'Anselme de Puisaye, "Etude sur lews divèrses publications du Révérend Pére Delattre" (Paris, 1895).

</doc>
<doc id="9811171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811171" title="Adosterol">
Adosterol

Adosterol is an iodine-containing sterol.

</doc>
<doc id="9811182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811182" title="Shoshana Rudiakov">
Shoshana Rudiakov

Shoshana Rudiakov was a Latvian pianist (died 21 November 2012). She completed her studies at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory studying with professors Yakov Flier and Bella Davidovich. Upon her arrival in Israel she was immediately recognized as an outstanding talent and engaged as soloist with major orchestras.
She was hailed as a great discovery in Germany, where she engaged in a heavy schedule of performances as soloist with the Berliner Philharmoniker, Württemberg Chamber Orchestra, and Nürnberg Philharmoniker.
In addition to her regular duties as professor of piano and vice-rector at the Staatliche Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst she was also a member of the faculty at the Manchester Music Festival in Vermont, USA. Moreover she had collaborated with master classes in Magister Musicae project.

</doc>
<doc id="9811184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811184" title="Kilinochchi District">
Kilinochchi District

Kilinochchi District ( "Kiḷinocci Māvaṭṭam"; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country. The district is administered by a District Secretariat headed by a District Secretary (previously known as a Government Agent) appointed by the central government of Sri Lanka. The capital of the district is the town of Kilinochchi. 
History.
Between 5th century BC and 13th century AD present day Kilinochchi District was part of Rajarata. Much of Kilinochchi District was thereafter part of the pre-colonial Jaffna kingdom. The district then came under Portuguese, Dutch and British control. In 1815 the British gained control of the entire island of Ceylon. They divided the island into three ethnic based administrative structures: Low Country Sinhalese, Kandyan Sinhalese and Tamil. The district, which was then part of Jaffna District, was part of the Tamil administration. In 1833, in accordance with the recommendations of the Colebrooke-Cameron Commission, the ethnic based administrative structures were unified into a single administration divided into five geographic provinces. Jaffna District, together with Mannar District and Vanni District, formed the new Northern Province.
The district was colonised in 1936 by residents from Jaffna Peninsula as part of a scheme that sought to ease overpopulation and unemployment. At the time that Ceylon gained independence, Jaffna was one of the three districts located in the Northern Province. Parts of Jaffna District were transferred to newly created Mullaitivu District in September 1978. Kilinochchi District was carved out of the southern part of Jaffna District in February 1984.
Kilinochchi District was under the control of rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam for many years during the civil war. The district was recaptured by the Sri Lankan military in late 2008/early 2009.
Geography.
Kilinochchi District is located in the north of Sri Lanka in the Northern Province. It has an area of .
Administrative units.
Kilinochchi District is divided into 4 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 95 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).
Demographics.
Population.
Kilinochchi District's population was 112,875 in 2011. The population of the district is almost exclusively Sri Lankan Tamil. 
The population of the district, like the rest of the north and east of Sri Lanka, has been heavily affected by the civil war. The war killed an estimated 100,000 people. Several hundred thousand Sri Lankan Tamils, possibly as much as one million, emigrated to the West during the war. Many Sri Lankan Tamils also moved to the relative safety of the capital Colombo. Most of the Sri Lankan Moors and Sinhalese who lived in the district fled to other parts of Sri Lanka or were forcibly expelled by the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. 
Politics and government.
Local government.
Kilinochchi District has three local authorities all of which are Divisional Councils (Pradesha Sabhai or Pradeshiya Sabha).

</doc>
<doc id="9811194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811194" title="King Abdulaziz Naval Base">
King Abdulaziz Naval Base

The King Abdul-Aziz Naval Base (KANB) is a naval base in the Eastern Province Royal Saudi Naval Forces (RSNF).
It is home to the Eastern Fleet and the Naval Academy. Their Navy Ratings "SK" (Storekeeper) and "YN" (Yeoman) learned basic skills in this school.
RSNF's Western Province counterpart is in Jeddah. It is King Faisal Naval Base (KFNB).
King Fahad Naval Academy located inside this base.

</doc>
<doc id="9811199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811199" title="Outline of marketing">
Outline of marketing

The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to marketing:
Marketing refers to the social and managerial processes by which products, services, and value are exchanged in order to fulfill individuals' or groups' needs and wants. These processes include, but are not limited to, advertising, promotion, distribution, and sales.
Overview.
There is a marketing group call list marketing group

</doc>
<doc id="9811228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811228" title="Princess Sophia of Sweden">
Princess Sophia of Sweden

Princess Sophia of Sweden, also "Sofia Gustavsdotter Vasa" (29 October 1547 – 17 March 1611), was a Swedish princess, daughter of King Gustav Vasa of Sweden and Margareta Leijonhufvud. She was formally Duchess consort of Saxe-Lauenburg by her marriage to Duke Magnus II of Saxe-Lauenburg.
Biography.
After the death of her mother in 1551, she and her siblings were placed in the care of Christina Gyllenstierna, and then under her aunts Brita and Martha Leijonhufvud before her father's remarriage to Catherine Stenbock.
During the Seven Years' War, the Danish queen dowager Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg suggested a peace treaty by marriage between her younger son, the Danish monarch, and Sophia. However, she made the suggestion without her son's knowledge, and he did not support the idea.
In March 1566, Sophia became engaged to Duke Magnus II of Saxe-Lauenburg, who had long been in the service of Eric. The marriage took place in a double wedding when her half brother King Eric XIV married Karin Månsdotter on 4 July 1568. Eric may have arranged the marriage of Sophia and Magnus because he needed support for his controversial marriage to Karin Månsdotter. It is also possible that he feared he would not have the wedding guests he wanted unless he had Sophia's wedding conducted in parallel. 
In the negotiations, Magnus promised to defend Karin Månsdotter. Sophia did not want the marriage—she refused and stalled preparations for the wedding, which prevented it from taking place in June 1567 as first planned when Eric married Karin for the first time. Eric therefore ordered that, since Sophia refused to prepare for the wedding, preparations should be made for her—and her wedding would take place together with his own second, public wedding ceremony with Karin. 
Marriage.
At the wedding in Stockholm in July 1568, Sophia walked in the procession with her sister Elizabeth—after Karin, who walked first with queen dowager Catherine Stenbock, which was considered unsuitable to rank. Neither Sophia nor her sister Elizabeth attended Karin's following coronation. During the deposition of Eric XIV, Sophia, Magnus evacuated Elizabeth and Catherine Stenbock by boat, and took them to the rebellious John in Uppsala. John officially claimed, that Eric had planned to give them as hostages to Russia, in place of John's own consort, which he had tried before.
The marriage became extremely unhappy. Reports describe Magnus as a typical brutal German mercenary, notorious for his abuse of his subordinates. Early on, it became known that he subjected Sophia to spousal abuse—apparently motivated by severe jealousy. According to the chronicle of Aegidius Girs, Sophia became insane by the treatment she was given by Magnus, who: "...showed his princess all unkindness, spit and shameful slander, that she of the sorrow was caused great weakness of the head." 
In 1571, Magnus pawned her jewelry to finance his conquest of Sachsen-Lauenburg. He soon spent her money, and Sophia was forced to constantly ask her family to finance his ambitions. In 1575, her brother King John III granted Magnus the Swedish fief Sonnenburg on Ösel to make him leave Sweden, but he was soon cast out from Ösel because of his brutal rule. Magnus soon became unpopular with Sophia's family because of how he treated her. 
He also came in conflict with John III in 1576 when he forbid his subjects in Sophia's fief from paying taxes and executing their working duty for the crown. In 1577, reports said that Magnus prevented Sophia from receiving letters from her family and accepting invitations, and isolated her from the outside world.
Later life.
In 1578, John III had Magnus arrested, imprisoned, and exiled from the country. He forced Magnus to leave his and Sophia's son in her care, and put Sophia's fiefs in her sole name. John III granted her the fiefs Ekolsund and Vänngarn. In 1581, reports had Magnus spreading rumors in Germany about Sophia. John had the Emperor ban Magnus from making slanders against Sophia that could blacken her name and endanger her son's inheritance and her right to her dower lands. 
Sophia devoted later life to her son Gustav. She worked to ensure his rights in Sachsen-Lauenburg and his future. She kept Gustaf with her rather than send him away as was the custom, and was said to spoil him to a point where his character was destroyed. 
In 1595, she came in to conflict when Gustaf persuaded her to grant him half of her fief—which she retracted with the assistance of her brother Charles. 
Sophia lived the rest of her life at Ekolsund Castle. In contrast to her siblings, she supported the marriage between John III and Gunilla Bielke in 1585. Sophia was said to have suffered from a mental illness of some kind. Aside from the chronicle of Aegidius Girs, this is not mentioned much. However, correspondence from her siblings asks her several times not to mourn to much, to prevent her getting ill. 
In contrast to her brother Magnus, who was acknowledged as mentally ill and was isolated because of it, Sophia participated occasionally in court life, such as when she participated in a public dinner with the royal family in Kalmar at Easter 1586. She is not described as an efficient administrator of her estate and court: she was often forced to ask for economical assistance because of her misused lands, and her court was unstable with frequent changes of staff: she changed the head butler twenty-one times and the housekeeper twenty-three times during these years. In 1597, she was granted the fiefs Lagunda and Håbo. She became a widow when her absent husband died in 1603.
Issue.
Sophia had six children, but only one of them lived past infancy:

</doc>
<doc id="9811251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811251" title="Kal'at Al Mina">
Kal'at Al Mina

Kal'at Al Mina is Fatimid citadel in Ashdod-Sea site on the southern coast of modern city of Ashdod.
It was built during the Ancient Arab Era (640-1099). The rectangular fortress (60/40 meters) has four guard towers, one at each corner. The towers were enclosed by a wall six to seven meters high. Two huge gates in the wall gave access to the stronghold. The fortress was destroyed in earthquake in 1033.

</doc>
<doc id="9811263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811263" title="Sofa (warrior)">
Sofa (warrior)

Sofa is a Mandinka term for slave soldiers who served in the army of the Mali Empire. Sofas would also fight, in varying capacities, in the armies of later Mandé states such as the Bamana and Wassoulou empires.
Etymology.
The word sofa translates into English as "father of the horse" ("so" means horse, and "fa" means "father") or "guardian of the horse". This term stems from the original function of the sofa as a caretaker for the horse or horses of Mandinka cavalry commanders called "farari".
Sofa in the Mandinka empire of Mali.
Sofas make their first appearance in oral and written records during the formation of the Mali Empire. Sofas were recruited from "jonow" (slaves) captured in battle or bought from afar. They could be depended on in most instances for obedience, since their livelihood depended entirely on their master. The institution of slavery in the Mali Empire heavily rewarded loyalty, and jonow could rise to civil or military positions of prominence. Jonow became part of their master's clan, and were often freed after a certain amount of years. 
As part of the clan, jonow were expected to accompany their master's into battle and handle his horse and weapons. Initially forbidden from engaging in direct warfare, sofa eventually made up the majority of Mali's infantry army. As infantry, they were armed with bows and arrows by the state or, more accurately, royal clans devoted to the state. 
In the forest and swampy areas of the Mali Empire, cavalry was minimized or altogether abandoned making sofas the exclusive instrument of war. Sofas were equipped with two quivers, and their bow was small by European standards. It could not fire very far or even powerfully, so sofas utilized deadly poisons and fired in arcs to give the arrows strength. Sofas also used flaming arrows, especially against fortifications that were often little more than thatch or wooden palisades. 
Some sofas fought as cavalry, at least after being freed, such as Mansa Sakura whom started out his military career as a jonow of the Keita clan. He was freed by Sundjata Keita, became a cavalry commander of some renown and eventually usurped the throne of Mali.
Sofa in the Mané empire of Kquoja.
During the 16th century, warriors from the crumbling Mali Empire invaded what is now Sierra Leone and Liberia. This resulted in the establishment of a loose federation of Mané states all paying homage to a single leader in a type of empire called Kquoja by visiting Europeans. The Mané came equipped with the tactics and equipment of the Mali Empire, but were forced to rely almost exclusively on infantry strategies in the jungle terrain. 
One of the many institutions they brought with them was that of the sofa. Conquered people were conscripted into Mané armies as "sumbas" to strengthen a force that was forever on the move. The sumbas were forced to engage in ritual cannibalism, which permanently alienated them the Mané ruling class. 
By the end of the 17th century, the Mané had conquered nearly all the indigenous cultures. This resulted in the spread of Mandé language and the end of a single Kquoja authority as the Mané were absorbed into the native landscape. 
Sofa in the Bamana empire of Segou.
The Bamana people inherited much from their close relations, the Mandinka, in civic and military culture. They formed their own empire 1640, which filled the vacuum left by the Mali and Songhai empires. By 1712, the state had crystallized into a formidable state that borrowed much in military structure from the Mali Empire. Sofas were used heavily in its armies as infantry and support troops, which allowed the Bamana to dominate much of modern-day Mali.
Sofa in the Dyula empire of Wassoulou.
The institution of the sofa survived into the late 19th century among Dyula in the Wassoulou region between the modern states of Mali, Guinea and Ivory Coast. Under the leadership of Samori Ture, the Dyula formed the Wassoulou Empire and successfully challenged French ambitions in West Africa until 1898. 
The sofa under Samori were organized into standing armies of slaves, much like those in Mali six centuries earlier and armed by the state. However, instead of bows and arrows, Wassoulou sofas went to war armed with modern rifles, which they put to good use against African and European enemies.

</doc>
<doc id="9811275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811275" title="Moleben">
Moleben

A molében (Slavonic: молебен), also called a molieben, service of intercession, or service of supplication, is a supplicatory prayer service used within the Orthodox Christian Church and various Eastern Catholic Churches in honor of Jesus Christ, the Mother of God, a Feast, or a particular saint or martyr. 
The Moleben as presently structured originated in Slavic culture but its use is now widespread both in Europe and in the Eastern Catholic and eastern Orthodox in churches that follow the Slavic tradition. Churches of Greek and Arab tradition, as well as the Russian Old Rite tradition, celebrate a larger service called in Greek a Paraklesis (and in Slavonic, a "Moleben Canon" ("Molebnyj Kanon") service); but whereas the Paraklesis includes as its principal focus the Canon to the subject being honored, the Molieben omits the odes of the canon and includes only the simple refrains that occur between the odes. 
Molebens are traditionally served by a priest, but may also be done as a reader's service (i.e., the format used when served by a layperson or deacon; omitting or replacing those portions normally chanted by the priest). It is the custom to celebrate a moleben service only in honor of a glorified saint, and when possible the service is done in front of an icon of the person or feast to whom the Moleben is celebrated. Sometimes an Akathist will be chanted during the celebration of a Moleben.
The general outline of a Moleben is based on the service of Matins, as served on a feast day, complete with a Gospel reading. 
Molebens may be (a) "occasional" (i.e., served according to need), for instance for one who is ill or going on a journey; they may be (b) "commemorative" (assigned to a particular day), such as the beginning of the new year, or when children begin school; or they may be (c) "devotional" (in honor of a particular saint).
Molebens are very important in the Russian Orthodox tradition, and an entire volume of the Great Euchologion is devoted to them. Most molebens are served in the church, but they may also be served in homes, fields, schools or other appropriate places. 
Molebens may also be served in processions. The procession may be going to a particular place, such as during a pilgrimage, or it may circle around the outside of the church building (this is very common on the feast day of the Patron Saint of the church or monastery, and during Bright Week). When a processional Moleben circles around the church, very often the procession will pause on each of the four sides of the building, and the bishop or priest will sprinkle holy water on the church, the icons and people that are taking part in the procession. 
See also.
Akathist

</doc>
<doc id="9811291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811291" title="High Steel Bridge">
High Steel Bridge

High Steel Bridge is a truss arch bridge that spans the south fork of the Skokomish River in Mason County, Washington. It was built in 1929 by Simpson Logging Company as part of a logging railroad.
Its construction opened up an area of Olympic Peninsula timber that was previously inaccessible. The bridge span supported a single logging railroad track. In 1950, the tracks were replaced with wooden planks, allowing vehicles to pass. 1964 brought the relatively modern addition of concrete decking and guardrails.
The High Steel Bridge is one of only two Washington bridges that is considered a long-span structure formerly used as part of a logging railroad.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="9811306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811306" title="2005 Arena Football League season">
2005 Arena Football League season

The 2005 Arena Football League season was the 19th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Colorado Crush, who defeated the Georgia Force in ArenaBowl XIX. The AFL changed its playoff format to allow the top four teams per conference to make the playoffs. Previously, the top eight teams in the league make the playoffs, regardless of their conference. Also, there was no inter-conference play in the playoffs until the Arena Bowl starting in 2005. The division champions also received an automatic playoff berth. This was probably brought on by the fact that the year before the Eastern Division champion New York Dragons missed the playoffs.
Playoffs.
All games televised by NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="9811312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811312" title="Cédric Uras">
Cédric Uras

Cédric Uras (born 29 November 1977 in Lyon, France) is a French footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="9811337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811337" title="List of crossings of the Wallkill River">
List of crossings of the Wallkill River

This is a list of the crossings of the Wallkill River (all bridges) from its mouth at Sturgeon Pool in Rifton, New York to its source at Lake Mohawk, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9811358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811358" title="Karen McCullah Lutz">
Karen McCullah Lutz

Karen McCullah Lutz is an American screenwriter and novelist.
McCullah Lutz was born in the Philippines, where her father had been assigned with the United States Navy performing counterespionage duties. She grew up in Bergen County, New Jersey, and graduated from Indian Hills High School in her hometown of Oakland, New Jersey. As a high school student, she maintained in her diary "10 Things I Hate About Anthony", her boyfriend at the time, which ultimately led to the title of her 1999 film, "10 Things I Hate About You".
She is a graduate of James Madison University in Virginia where she was a member of Alpha Gamma Delta sorority. She wrote most of the published screenplays with her screenwriting partner Kirsten Smith. In 2006 she wrote also her first novel "The Bachelorette Party".

</doc>
<doc id="9811361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811361" title="Deer Park Tavern">
Deer Park Tavern

Deer Park Tavern is a historic hotel located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in 1851 on the land where the remains of the burned down St. Patrick's Inn had resided since 1747. It is a -story "U"-plan building with nine bays at the south front facade. The building is constructed of wood joists with brick and masonry load bearing walls with Greek Revival elements. It was converted from a hotel in the mid-20th century, and enjoys the college atmosphere of the nearby University of Delaware campus.
The St. Patrick’s Inn was said to house famous historical figures such as George Washington and in 1843 Edgar Allan Poe stayed a night here. The Deer Park logo is based on Poe's classic poem "The Raven".
The first railroad line built through Newark in 1869 is close to the building, and helped to escalate the hotel’s popularity. At this time, The Deer Park was considered one of the finest hotels on the east coast. Much history surrounds the Deer Park including rumors that the basement was used as part of the Underground Railroad during the Civil War.
In 1955, the Amalgamated and Condensed Chemist's Club charter at the University of Delaware's founding chapter was written in the old dining room of the Deer Park. Founders, "in the good old Boswellian tradition", included Carling, LePera, Jordan, Lafferty, Baldwin, Hoffner, Baird, Skinner, deBrabender and Wilson. Today, the patrons include University of Delaware students and staff, business people and locals. The nightly atmosphere varies with bands, DJs and drink specials that bring a hefty crowd each night of the week.
In the 1970s, local bands such as George Thorogood and the Delaware Destroyers played the back room. On October 5, 2010 MSNBC political TV show "The Rachel Maddow Show" broadcast its show live from the second floor of the Deer Park, which was chosen due to Delaware's upcoming U.S senatorial election. Maddow remarked on her show: "we live for the intersection of politics and beer".
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Pop culture.
In season six episode 2 of "It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia" ("Dennis Gets Divorced") Mac is seen wearing a Deer Park tee shirt.

</doc>
<doc id="9811367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811367" title="Bulldogs Honours">
Bulldogs Honours

The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs are a professional rugby league club in the National Rugby League (NRL), the premier rugby league football competition in Australia.
Based in Belmore, a suburb of Sydney, the Bulldogs in 1935 were admitted to the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition, a predecessor of the current NRL competition.
The Bulldogs won their first premiership in just their fourth season (1938). At the time it made them the quickest club (barring the founding clubs) to win a premiership after admission to the competition, a record which was only recently beaten in 1999 by the Melbourne Storm. They won a second premiership in 1942 but then had to wait another 38 years before breaking through for a third title in 1980. During the 80s, the Bulldogs were a dominant force in the competition appearing in five Grand Finals, winning four of them. In the 90s they featured in the 1995 and 1998 Grand Finals, winning the former. Their most recent success was in 2004 when they beat the Sydney Roosters 16 - 13. The tryscorers were Hazem El Masri and Matt Utai, and the Clive Churchill Medal winner was Willie Mason.
Their eight premiership trophy moved the club into a clear 5th place in the all-time tally.
1ST Grade.
Premierships (8)

</doc>
<doc id="9811371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811371" title="Edith Klestil">
Edith Klestil

Edith Klestil (née Wielander; 13 November 1932 – 29 March 2011) was the first wife of Thomas Klestil, the former federal president of Austria.
Edith Klestil was born in Vienna, the only child of a post office worker, Leopold Wielander, and his wife, Rosa. On 8 June 1967 she married Thomas Klestil, whom she met when they were both 17. She gave up her job in order to support her husband's career as a diplomat and accompanied him to Paris and Los Angeles. When her husband was elected federal president in 1992, she became Austria's first lady. Two years later, Thomas Klestil made public that he had a love affair with the much younger diplomat Margot Löffler. Edith left her husband and they were divorced in September 1998. Three months later, Thomas Klestil married Margot Löffler.
When Thomas Klestil died in office on 6 July 2004, both his wives attended the funeral service held in St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna.
It was announced on 3 April 2011 that Klestil had died of cancer in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="9811408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811408" title="Triolein">
Triolein

Triolein is a symmetrical triglyceride derived from glycerol and three units of the unsaturated fatty acid oleic acid. Most triglycerides are unsymmetrical, being derived from mixtures of fatty acids. Triolein represents 4-30% of olive oil. 
Triolein is also known as glyceryl trioleate and is one of the two components of Lorenzo's oil.

</doc>
<doc id="9811416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811416" title="Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development">
Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development

ACTED, formerly 'Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development', non-governmental, non-political and non-profit organization set up in 1993. The organization employs approximately 198 international staff and more than 3500 national staff. 
The headquarters are based in Paris, France.
History.
The first projects were initiated in Kabul in 1993 to bring relief to populations affected by more than 15 years of conflict. 
ACTED activities then rapidly expanded to the entire country and subsequently to neighboring countries in 1996 (namely Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan), with the aim of developing a regional strategy throughout Central Asia.
The organization continued its expansion, opening offices in Central Africa in 1997, in order to help populations affected by the Congo-Brazzaville conflict, in Central America in 1998 following the “Hurricane Mitch” disaster, in the Balkans after the conflict in Kosovo, and in the Middle-East, in 2003, to support Iraqi population. 
In 2004, ACTED continued its involvement in Central Africa by opening missions in Chad and Sudan to respond to the Darfur crisis. 
In 2005, the organization started emergency reconstruction activities in South Asia after the tsunami disaster, and expanded its areas of intervention to India, Indonesia and Sri Lanka.
ACTED has implemented programmes in the Middle East since 2007, intervening in Lebanon and the Palestinian Territories.
More recently, ACTED intervened to provide relief to the populations of Africa, with new programmes starting in the Central African Republic, Kenya and Somalia in 2008. Our teams are also providing relief and supporting the populations of Myanmar affected by the Nargis Cyclone and are implementing projects in Vietnam since 2008.
ACTED has been implementing Food security interventions for the populations of Zimbabwe since October 2009, and is also present in Cambodia on HIV/AIDS prevention activities.
In 2011, ACTED started programmes in Jordan, as well has responded to the emergencies in Libya and Cote d'Ivoire.
The Bopha typhoon in 2012 mobilised ACTED in the Philippines, while a regional office was set up in Bangkok to support in parallel Myanmar refugees in Thailand. ACTED also responds to the refugee crises in South Sudan, Jordan and Iraq.
In 2013 ACTED responded to the typhoon Haiyan emergency in the Philippines and is now accompanying the recovery of affected populations and the rehabilitation phase. 
ACTED teams remain fully mobilized today in response to the Syrian refugee crisis. Active in the region since 2004 and committed in assisting vulnerable Syrian refugees and host populations since the very beginning of this crisis, ACTED has expanded relief operations to ensure continued access to essential human needs, as the population and their needs rapidly expanded and evolved in the last 12 months.
Goals.
ACTED is a humanitarian organization which intervenes in times of crisis, either immediately (emergency and rehabilitation projects), or in the medium and long term (development projects), under the following conditions:
Vision.
ACTED is a French international solidarity organisation driven by a mission to support vulnerable populations throughout the world and to accompany them in building a better future by providing an adapted response to specific needs since 1993. One of the main French international solidarity associations, ACTED assists populations affected by crisis with a global but also local approach that is multidisciplinary and adapted to each context.
By ensuring the link between Emergency, Rehabilitation and Development, ACTED teams guaranty that interventions in periods of crisis are also useful in the long term, because only long term support – by remaining after the emergency and involving communities – can stop the poverty cycle and accompany populations towards long term development.
To this end our teams in the field intervene in 35 countries with over 388 projects in the following sectors: emergency humanitarian aid, food security, health promotion, education and training, economic development, microfinance, institutional support, regional dialogue and cultural promotion.
With extensive experience in responding to the most vulnerable community needs and situations throughout the world, ACTED is today a contributor to the international agenda for the Millenium Development Goals, with advocacy campaigns in France and in Europe. ACTED is engaged in the promotion and development of innovative initiatives and approaches, humanitarian principles, new solidarity and convergences between private and public actors and NGOs from the North and the South, on topics such as microfinance, social business, local governance promotion, evaluation and emergency humanitarian aid coordination support, culture and development, sustainable development, access to health etc.
Countries of activity.
ACTED intervenes in 34 countries spanning 5 zones (Asia, Africa, America, Europe, Middle-East). The organization tries whenever possible to develop a regional approach to crisis situations in countries where cross-border population movements are important factors.
This regional approach is backed-up by an integrated approach enabling ACTED to work in such varied activity fields as micro-economics, public health or even cultural promotion.
Specifically, ACTED has a presence in the following countries :
More countries here: http://www.acted.org/

</doc>
<doc id="9811430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811430" title="History of the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs">
History of the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs

The history of the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs stretches from the 1930s to the present day. Based in Belmore, a suburb of Sydney, the Bulldogs in 1935 were admitted to the New South Wales Rugby Football League (NSWRFL) competition, a predecessor of the current NRL competition.
The Bulldogs won their first premiership in just their fourth season (1938). At the time it made them the quickest club (barring the founding clubs) to win a premiership after admission to the competition, a record which was only recently beaten in 1999 by the Melbourne Storm. They won a second premiership in 1942 but then had to wait another 38 years before breaking through for a third title in 1980. During the 1980s, the Bulldogs were a dominant force in the competition appearing in five Grand Finals, winning four of them. In the 1990s they featured in the 1994, 1995 and 1998 Grand Finals, winning the title in 1995 over Manly. Their most recent success was in 2004 when they beat the Sydney Roosters 16 - 13. The try scorers were Hazem El Masri and Matt Utai, and the Clive Churchill Medal winner was Willie Mason.
Origin.
The Canterbury-Bankstown region in Sydney's southwest had a thriving rugby league culture and local competition in the 1920s and 1930s and had applied repeatedly to join the Sydney competition from 1930 onwards, finally being successful in September 1934, and taking part for the first time in 1935.
First Game.
Canterbury played its first premiership match against North Sydney on Anzac Day, 25 April 1935 at North Sydney Oval. In a match refereed by Tom McMahon, Norths won by a margin of 20 points to 5.
Scorers for Canterbury-Bankstown, Jack Hartwell, Snr scored a try, and Tom Carey kicked a penalty goal. Jack Hartwell Snr, Canterbury's first tryscorer in first grade, was a prop forward. The first goal was kicked by Tom Carey, who had been a Canterbury Junior before playing with St George.
The first Canterbury team was: George Main, Vince Dwyer, Jack Morrison (c), Sid Elliott, Basil Crawford, Harry Brown, Tom Carey, Frank Sponberg, Alan Wellington, Jack McConnell, Jack Hartwell Snr, Bob Lindfield and Fred Chaplin and was coached by Tedda Courtney.
Early success.
Canterbury's initial season was a remarkable one - for the wrong reasons: arguably the worst season on record. Playing without a home ground, the team suffered a number of massive losses, at one point losing in successive weeks, 6-91 to St George and 7-87 to Easts - the two heaviest defeats in the history of the competition.
Amazingly, though, 1935's two wins were improved to nine in 1936 and netted a place in the finals. By 1938, the season featured only one loss, and a first title, defeating former nemesis Easts 19-6 in the final. Instrumental in the club's success was the front row combination of props Eddie Burns and Henry Porter and hooker Roy Kirkaldy. The club also won the reserve grade premiership the same year. Canterbury made the grand final two years later in 1940 but lost to the Easts 24-14. In 1942 Canterbury finished on top of the ladder with Balmain, though secured the minor premiership after the NSWRL ruled that a play-off would be necessary, which saw them beat the Tigers 40-20. Canterbury were defeated by St George 35-10 in the semis, but as minor premiers had the right to challenge in a grand final which saw them defeat the Dragons 20-6 in wet conditions after the scores were even at half-time.
Decline as a Power.
Remarkably - though largely due to the influence of World War II - Canterbury fell from premiers in 1942 to wooden spooners in each of the following two seasons. As players returned from service in the war, the club did regain its strength, finishing sixth in 1945 but third in 1946 and finished on top of the table in 1947. They finished the competition 3 points clear of the Balmain Tigers with Newtown and Wests making up the four. They beat Newtown 25-15 in the first semi but lost to Balmain 25-19 in the final. As they had been minor premiers, they had the right of a rematch to force a Grand Final. However, Canterbury were unsuccessful, going down
13-9 after leading 7-4 at half time.
However, their loss of the 1947 campaign was, more than the lapse of 1943-1945, the end of their first successful period. With the retirement of the famous front three of Eddie Burns, Roy Kirkaldy and Henry Porter (remarkably, none ever played for Australia owing to the war), the club was unable to develop top-line players or attract them to their ranks. Ron Willey was their sole Australian international between 1948 and 1962, and never played a Test match.
In 1948 they won only seven games, and from 1954 to 1959 never won more than six in a season. Between 1952 and 1959 they were second last on five occasions (only Parramatta denying them the wooden spoon in the last four cases) but in 1960 they made the semis in an unparalleled "four-way play-off". However their finals campaign only lasted one match a they lost to Easts 16-9 in the second semi-final. In the following years, they slipped back down the ladder quickly: after beating Easts in 6 July 1963 they did not win again until 25 July 1964. However, the emergence of skilful fullback Les Johns gave them hope, and despite finishing third last in 1966, the next year they made the Grand Final.
1967, the 'intercept' Grand Final.
In 1967 they were captained by tough forward Kevin Ryan, who had joined them from St George and helped them break his former club's extraordinary run of eleven straight premierships by beating them 12-11 in the preliminary final after being down 9-0 early on. Prior to this, Canterbury had finished third in the regular season, 3 points behind South Sydney and 4 behind minor premiers St George. Their semi-final campaign started well, beating Easts 13-2, before victory over the Dragons. They lost to Souths in the premiership decider, in a match best remembered for Bob McCarthy's intercept try. The match had been a close one, with Souths leading 10-8 at half time, before Canterbury drew level for much of the second half. Souths gained the lead 4 minutes from full-time with an Eric Simms goal following a penalty for an incorrect scrum feed by Canterbury half Ross Kidd. For the losers, fullback Les Johns, Second-row Kevin Goldspink and Centre Bob Hagan all stood out.
Reformation and rebuilding years.
The following few years saw mixed fortunes for the club on the field, with a sudden decline in 1968 and 1969 followed by a semi-final berth in 1970 (though they immediately bowed out of the semis losing 12-7 to St George) and a return to mid-table in 1971 and 1972. However, off the field the club was developing administrative strength that would restore it to the status of a "power" for the following thirty years.
Canterbury made the semis again in 1973, coming fifth in the first year the competition had a final five rather than four. Though they lost to Newtown, this heralded better times as the club made the semis every year for the rest of the decade, apart from 1977 when the team was heavily hit by injuries.
1974 proved more promising, as the club finished third on the ladder behind a runaway Roosters outfit coached by Jack Gibson, and Manly. They then defeated both clubs - Manly 20-14 and Easts 19-17 to be the first through to the Grand Final. However, missed opportunities in an initially tight game lead to a 19-4 defeat. This had been the first Premiership decider Canterbury had played in since 1947.
Post 1970 Era.
The Entertainers.
Peter 'Bullfrog' Moore was the top administrator at the Canterbury Bulldogs from 1970 to 1995. During this time the Bulldogs climbed to the very top of the game. In the late 1970s and early 1980s the Bulldogs under coach Ted Glossop who came to the club in 1978 played an exciting and skilful brand of football that got them named The Entertainers. With brilliant halfback Steve Mortimer the linchpin, the Bulldogs as they were to be named in 1978 played a brand of football that was the envy of the Sydney Premiership.
The arrival of youngster Steve Mortimer and veteran Bob McCarthy in 1976 signalled a new beginning at the Bulldogs. McCarthy only had two seasons at Canterbury but his experience, knowledge and effect left a lasting impression with a new generation of forwards coming through the ranks, which included Steve Folkes, Graeme Hughes and Geoff Robinson.
Hints of future heroics came in 1976, Canterbury scraped into the final five, finishing 5th, then beat Easts and St George before losing to Manly 15-12 at the last hurdle before the Grand Final, a Bob Fulton field goal breaking hearts late in the match.
The Bulldogs started off with promise but missed the semis in 1977, losing 4 out of the last 5 of their regular season matches and coming 7th. They then scraped into 5th position again for 1978, but were the first team out of the playoffs losing 22-15 to Parramatta.
They came fifth for a third time in four years in 1979, with the following four weeks of Finals in 1979 proving to be a turning point for the club and the beginning of their great success in the 1980s. Inspired by Mortimer and led by Test captain George Peponis, the Bulldogs disposed of Cronulla, Wests and Parramatta to make the Finals with some of Mortimer's tries leaving the public in awe of his genius. St George won the Grand Final 17-13 with the Bulldogs staging a great second half comeback after being down 17-2 at the break.
The 1980 season was a watershed year for the Bulldogs and they would win their first Premiership since 1942. Canterbury played consistent football all season to finish in a tie for top position with Eastern Suburbs having the superior for and against. The Bulldogs defeated Wests and Easts to make it through to the Grand Final having the week off. The Roosters were favoured to win the decider but the unheralded Bulldogs pack outmuscled the Roosters pack with Steve Mortimer doing the rest. Mortimer completely outplayed opposing half Kevin Hastings with the Bulldogs winning 18-4. Chris Anderson scored the Bulldogs first try but the Grand Final will always be remembered for Steve Gearin's performance where he landed six goals from six attempts and scored one of the all-time greatest tries in Grand Final history. Gearin chased through a bomb by fullback Greg Brentnall 40 m out and caught the ball in mid-air despite the best attempts from Hastings and David Michael to prevent the try. The Grand Final was also famous for the three Mortimer and three Hughes brothers playing in the clash.
As premiers, the Bulldogs did not buy significantly in the following couple of years and paid the penalty. Crippled with injuries they fell to 10th in 1981, and in 1982 9th of 14 clubs in the newly expanded competition. Despite finishing third in 1983, the gap between Parramatta and Manly and the rest of the Premiership was massive. The style of football that worked for Canterbury in 1979-80 was now outdated with the club looking in a new direction. Warren Ryan would be appointed coach and the Bulldogs would quickly go from the "Entertainers" to the "Enforcers" in very quick time.
Wozzaball.
At the end of 1983 the board decided to go on a major rebuilding exercise. New coach Warren Ryan was brought on board, together with a collection of new players. Some of the major signings by Ryan and Chief Executive Peter Moore included 1983 Dally M Player of the Year Terry Lamb and Brian Battese from Wests, Queensland forward Darryl Brohman, hooker Mark Bugden, Phil Gould and Peter Kelly from Newtown, and prop Peter Tunks from Souths. The Bulldogs went from the "Entertainers" to the "Enforcers". Young fullback Mick Potter's form led to him becoming 1984 Dally M Player of the Year. The club finished the season as minor premiers four points in front of rivals St George and Parramatta. They beat the Eels in the Major semi-final 16-8 before marking their fiftieth season by beating them again for the 1984 Premiership. However, it did not come without controversy. Ryan would drop long serving veterans Garry Hughes and club captain Chris Anderson to Reserve Grade. The Bulldogs were to become very successful using a new aggressive, defensively oriented way of playing, that was later named by some as Wozzaball. The brand of football worked with Canterbury nullifying the attacking football of Parramatta to win the decider 6-4 at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
The Bulldogs started the next year patchily but won their last seen matches to lie third on the ladder at the end of the regular season behind minor premiers St George and Balmain. They accounted for Balmain 14-8 before being beaten by the Dragons 17-6. Then they comprehensively beat Parramatta 28-0 before making it back-to-back titles when they defeated St. George 7-6 in the Grand Final. Led by captain Steve Mortimer, the Bulldogs constantly bombed St. George, which forced a rule change in the catching of the ball in the in goal area. 
Finishing third in the regular season behind Parramatta and a rejuvenated Souths, the Bulldogs could not follow up with a hat-trick of titles losing the 1986 Grand Final 4-2 to the Eels in a classic game of football. No tries were scored as both sides tackled as their lives depended on it.
Ryan's era at Canterbury ended after the 1987 season when he left the club on bad terms despite the success that came the Bulldogs way. He is the only Canterbury coach to win two Premierships and when the Bulldogs named their greatest side in 2004, no coach was named, which many believe should have been Ryan. Others believed that Ryan was simply a professional coach rather than a 'true' Bulldog and the choice of Moore as Manager of the greatest ever side was more appropriate.
Phil Gould succeeded Ryan as coach and in his first year was in charge as the Bulldogs won the 1988 Grand Final against the Ryan-coached Balmain Tigers 24-12, the first at the new Sydney Football Stadium. It was a great and consistent season following the disappointment in 1987. The 1988 marked the final season for Canterbury legend Steve Mortimer, who stood down as captain after Round 4. Mortimer suffered a broken wrist in the second last round but was fit enough to play off the bench in the Grand Final victory. Mortimer retired with a club record 267 first grade games next to his name and at the time the most first grade games for one individual club. Mortimer captained the club the Premiership success in 1984 and 1985 and was a member of the 1980 and 1988 triumphs. He captained New South Wales in three State of Origin matches, winning all of them, giving the Blues their first triumph in 1985.
Anderson Era.
The "Wozzaball" era came to an end in 1989 when the Bulldogs struggled and Gould leaving the club to join Penrith Panthers. Chris Anderson returned as coach for the 1990 season and cleaned out the Ryan era building the club around another club great in Terry Lamb.
Anderson had left the Bulldogs in 1984 and played the remaining years of his career with Halifax RLFC where he was captain-coach. Anderson intended to return to Canterbury but his commitments with Halifax in 1987-88 meant he could not take on the coaching position until 1989. Phil Gould's success in 1988 saw Anderson take on the Under 21's position in 1989 and he was promoted to first grade, which saw Gould leave on bad terms and join the Penrith Panthers.
One of Anderson's first jobs as head coach was appoint Terry Lamb as captain ahead of Paul Langmack. This caused some controversy at the time. Anderson was in the first stages of cleaning out the 'Wozzaball' era and built his team around Lamb. Warren Ryan, now coaching Western Suburbs, would snare four former Canterbury players Langmack, Andrew Farrar, David Gillespie and Joe Thomas whilst Paul Dunn followed Gould to Penrith Panthers and Jason Alchin joined St. George Dragons.
The Bulldogs enjoyed encouraging results in 1991 led by Lamb with support from 1991 Rothmans Medal winner Ewan McGrady and "the Welsh Wizard" Jonathan Davies with youngsters such as Darren Smith, Jarrod McCracken, Dean Pay and Simon Gillies coming through the ranks. The Bulldogs were inconsistent in 1992 and Peter Bullfrog Moore went on a recruitment drive snaring Martin Bella, Jim Dymock, Jim Serdaris and Gary Connolly. Canterbury won the Minor Premiership with Lamb leading the way but they fell short in the Finals losing to St. George Dragons and Brisbane Broncos.
Goal kicking wizard Daryl Halligan joined the Bulldogs in 1994 and he booted a then club record of 270 points including the match-winning drop goal in the 1994 Major Semi-Final against Canberra Raiders at the Sydney Football Stadium. Darren Britt and Jason Smith emerged as leading players. Canberra were far too good on Grand Final day winning 36-12 with Mal Meninga enjoying a great exit from the game.
Canterbury were confident heading into the 1995 season with a new home at Parramatta Stadium but the uproar of the Super League War caused Jim Dymock, Dean Pay, Jason Smith, and Jarrod McCracken to announce mid-season they were to leave the club. Their form before Super League was patchy and it was to get worse with demoralising losses against Manly 26-0, 19th place Parramatta, Newcastle 42-0 and Auckland 29-8 putting the season in doubt. Two major turning points was the switch of the final round match against North Queensland Cowboys to Belmore Sports Ground and Chris Anderson dropping Kiwi International Jarrod McCracken to reserve grade. Anderson would later omit McCracken from the overall squad. The Bulldogs walloped the Cowboys in a club record 66-4 victory and laid the platform for the Finals ahead.
The Bulldogs defeated the St. George Dragons 12-8, the Brisbane Broncos 24-10, and the 1994 Premiers Canberra Raiders 25-6. The Grand Final saw them up against the ARL's pin-up club Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in an ultimate Super League-ARL match. The Bulldogs were never headed winning 17-4 with Lamb leading the way in an inspirational (and controversial) performance. One of the tryscorers that day for Canterbury was future club captain, Steve Price, who was starting in only his 3rd first grade match.
The Anderson-Lamb coach-captain era at the Bulldogs lasted six seasons and they worked on a very successful rebuilding programme. Lamb announced his retirement after the Grand Final but would play on for another year in 1996 to help the sudden loss of players due to the ARL departures. Lamb however decided not to stand for the leadership leaving it for Simon Gillies. When Gillies was injured, Lamb again opted not to be captain with Darren Britt taking control for the final nine matches. Lamb's six seasons as Canterbury captain saw the club rebuild and emerge back again as a force following the great 1980s era and Lamb in 2004 would be named captain in Canterbury's Greatest Ever Team. Lamb in his six seasons as captain led from the front and was one of the most inspirational leaders in the game.
Another era ended following the 1995 season with the retirement of Chief Executive Peter Moore after 26 years in power. Moore came into power in 1969 with the backing of captain-coach Kevin Ryan and brought in a complete reformation of the Bulldogs club, which saw it emerge as a competitive force in the 1970s and a rugby league powerhouse in the 1980s. Moore took on a position as Super League recruitment officer and he would retain his position on the Canterbury Leagues Club board until 1998. He was first diagnosed with cancer in 1998 and beat the first round but it returned in 2000 and lost his battle for life on 5 July. Moore's record at Canterbury was five Premierships and nine Grand Finals in 26 seasons.
Super League War.
When the Canterbury administration saw the Super League war on the horizon they re-branded the club the "Sydney Bulldogs". The Bulldogs were one of the clubs most damaged by the big split in Australian rugby league and lost five key players for the 1996 season with Dean Pay, Jason Smith, Jim Dymock and Jarrod McCracken joining arch-rivals Parramatta Eels and Brett Dallas linking with North Sydney Bears. The Bulldogs were a shadow of their three previous seasons in 1996 and scrambled to finish 10th in the ARL Premiership.
The 1997 season saw Canterbury play in the Super League competition and was the first without club legend Terry Lamb who finally hung up the boots after 349 first grade matches. The Bulldogs finished in 5th position in the ten-team competition. Chris Anderson quit the club at the end of the 1997 after a lifetime of service as a player and coach. Anderson joined the newly formed Melbourne Storm with reserve grade coach Steve Folkes taking over the head coaching position.
Super League and the ARL compromised at the end of 1997 and formed the National Rugby League, which saw Canterbury playing arch-rivals Parramatta Eels, St. George Dragons and Western Suburbs Magpies once again.
The Bulldogs struggled in 1998 as the effects from the Super League War and the retirement of Terry Lamb were still being felt. Simon Gillies was replaced mid-season as captain by Darren Britt and that sparked a Bulldogs revival. Canterbury won their last four matches to scrape into 9th position as the National Rugby League that season used a 'Top 10' Finals format.
Just prior to the Finals, it was revealed that former Chief Executive Peter Moore was diagnosed with cancer. The Bulldogs lifted to new levels as an inspiration to 'Bullfrog' and in the first two weeks of the Finals defeated St. George Dragons 20-12 (ultimately their last match as a stand-alone club) and North Sydney Bears 23-12, both victories on away soil. The followed week without Craig Polla-Mounter the Bulldogs came from 16-0 down to defeat the Andrew Johns Newcastle Knights 28-16 with the scores locked at 16-all at full-time.
The most famous semi-final came the next week against arch-rivals Parramatta Eels with Pay, Dymock, Smith and McCracken in their line up. The Eels led 18-2 with 11 minutes remaining before Craig Polla-Mounter inspired a comeback. Canterbury scored three tries in the space of seven minutes to bring it back to 18-16 with Daryl Halligan landing a sideline goal to level up the scores before Polla-Mounter nearly snatched a win in regular time with a heart-stopping field goal just falling under the cross-bar. The Bulldogs got a 32-20 victory.
Brisbane Broncos won the Grand Final 38-12 (after leading 12-10 at half time). The Super League War was now forgotten in a short space of time as they forged into a new era under the guidance of coach Steve Folkes.
The 1998 season also marked the farewell to Belmore Sports Ground as the Bulldogs home ground. The decision to leave Belmore upset many of the Bulldogs' loyal supporters as the ground had so much history to it. Belmore was Canterbury's home for 547 matches between 1936–98 and they had a great record on home soil. Belmore was also the home ground for the Parramatta Eels between 1982-85 as their new stadium was being built and St. George Dragons played at Belmore in 1988. Only the Sydney Cricket Ground, Sydney Sports Ground and North Sydney Oval have hosted more Premiership games than Belmore Sports Ground. Overall, Belmore hosted 602 Premiership games.
Despite opposition from many supporters, Canterbury moved to Telstra Stadium for the 1999 season and finished the Premiership rounds in 5th position with confidence gained from the Finals success in 1998 and signing new recruits Darren Smith, Bradley Clyde and Ricky Stuart. The Bulldogs were defeated in the second week of the Finals with Melbourne Storm's Matt Geyer swooping on a Stuart kick to seal victory in the dying minutes of the game.
In 1998 the Bulldogs won the President's Cup competition.
The Salary Cap.
The Bulldogs fallout from a disappointing 2000 season saw a "new breed" of players coming through for 2001. The Bulldogs' outfit aged badly in 2000 with many players past their best and a massive cleanout happened with several new players on the way including Nigel Vagana, Luke Patten, Brett Howland and Darrell Trindall. The Bulldogs finished the Minor Premiership in second position but crashed out of the Finals. The Dally M Rookie of the Year that season was Braith Anasta. Mark O'Meley was signed up for the 2002 season as the club said farewell to captain Darren Britt and his deputy Craig Polla-Mounter. With both of those gone, Steve Folkes opted for Steve Price as captain ahead of the more experienced Darren Smith.
Trouble returned in a big way in 2002, with the Club being found guilty of salary cap breaches described by NRL Chief Executive David Gallop as "exceptional in both its size and its deliberate and ongoing nature". The club received a $500,000 fine, and was stripped of all 37 competition points; the club, who were poised to take the Minor Premiership and had won 17 consecutive matches, won the wooden spoon as a result.
Club legend Steve Mortimer was brought in to save the Club, and the Bulldogs then finished one game short of the Grand Final in 2003.
Gang rape allegation.
At the start to the 2004 season a major off-field scandal allegedly involving Bulldogs players in Coffs Harbour. A number of unidentified players were accused of gang raping a 20-year-old woman at a resort in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales. The woman filed a complaint with Coffs Harbour police alleging that she had been vaginally, orally and anally raped by multiple members of the Bulldogs team in the pool area of the Pacific Bay Resort, where the team had been staying, in the early hours of Sunday 22 February. On 27 April, New South Wales Director of Public Prosecutions Nicholas Cowdery informed detectives that he did not believe there was sufficient evidence to prosecute any Bulldogs players. The police accordingly decided not to lay charges.
Following the incident Football Manager Garry Hughes was sacked and Steve Mortimer stepped aside as Chief Executive. Former Test forward Bradley Clyde was named the new Football Manager and News Limited Executive Malcolm Noad taking over from Mortimer. The controversy was considered a major public relations nightmare for the club with significant media coverage. The NRL announced that the Bulldogs would be fined $150,000, and an additional $350,000 if there were any other allegations of off-field misbehaviour before the end of the 2004 season. NRL chief executive officer David Gallop said that the fine had been imposed because during the months of media scrutiny the club had failed to behave "in a way which protected the game's image".
2004 Premiers.
The Bulldogs endured a nightmare start to the season only to bounce back in true Bulldog fashion to defeat new arch-rivals Sydney Roosters 16-13 in the Grand Final. The Bulldogs season started slowly but they worked their way into being genuine Premiership contenders, which included big wins against the Sydney Roosters, Penrith Panthers and Brisbane Broncos to finish the regular season on equal standing with eventual runners-up the Roosters, however due to points differential the Bulldogs were deemed to have finished second.
Finals newcomers North Queensland Cowboys upset the Bulldogs 30-22 in the first week of the Finals. The Bulldogs powered past the Melbourne Storm 43-18 in the second week of the Finals. Three tries and five goals from Hazem El Masri saw the Bulldogs topple 2003 Premiers Penrith Panthers 30-14 in the Preliminary Final.
The Grand Final against the Sydney Roosters was always going to be a tense battle with neither club having much affection for the other. The Bulldogs came from 13-6 down at halftime to triumph 16-13. This victory saw desperate Bulldogs defence absorb much punishment and keep the Roosters scoreless for the entire second half. It was a sweet result for the Bulldogs after enduring a number of nightmare seasons on and off the field. It showed the great character in the club and the values that can't be bought or manufactured. To defeat the Roosters made it even sweeter considering the rivalry and backgrounds of both clubs. Matt Utai scored two tries with Hazem El Masri also scoring. Willie Mason was named Clive Churchill Medal Winner. Stand-in captain Andrew Ryan, who ultimately make the winning tackle, stopping Roosters forward Michael Crocker from scoring the final seconds of the match.
Warriors-bound club captain Steve Price missed the game due to injury sustained the week before in the semi-final victory against Penrith Panthers. Price's value and respect in the team was noticeable on Grand Final night when Ryan called up Price to hold the trophy and say a few words, whilst Johnathan Thurston gave Price his Grand Final ring.
Following their Grand Final victory, the bulldogs traveled to England to play in the 2005 World Club Challenge against Super League premiers, the Leeds Rhinos. The match was played on 4 February 2005 at Elland Road in front of 37,208 with the home team coming out winners in the end of a high-scoring match, with a final scoreline of 39-32.
Present day.
The Bulldogs were unable to mount a serious defence of the title in 2005 as injuries and contract negotiations saw the year start and finish on a sour note for the club. Due to the extent of injuries suffered, the team at times was unable to be at full-strength. This took its toll in the final six weeks of the season, the club suffering heavy losses and missing the finals series.
In 2006, little was expected from the club after a lacklustre 2005 season, but despite some doubt over the strength of their side, the Bulldogs' impressive forward pack helped them to a better than expected result for the year, finishing just a game short of the Grand Final, in which they lost to eventual premiers the Brisbane Broncos.
The 2008 season was a tumultuous one for the Bulldogs. They finished at the bottom of the ladder, but the main news of the season was the controversial departure of star player Sonny Bill Williams.
A huge player recruitment drive saw the Bulldogs reverse their fortunes in the 2009 NRL season.
Alan Thompson, a long-time supporter of the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, was appointed general manager of the club's football operations on 15 April 2010.
Sponsorship History.
'Yes Home Loans' shifted their sponsorship to 'back of jersey' in 2006 and onward in a new move allowed by NRL regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="9811442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811442" title="Deep borehole disposal">
Deep borehole disposal

Deep borehole disposal is the concept of disposing of high-level radioactive waste from nuclear reactors in extremely deep boreholes (Deep geological repository). Deep borehole disposal seeks to place the waste as much as five kilometers beneath the surface of the Earth and relies primarily on the thickness of the natural geological barrier to safely isolate the waste from the biosphere for a very long period of time so that it should not pose a threat to man and the environment. The concept was originally developed in the 1970s, but recently a proposal for a first experimental borehole has been proposed by a consortium headed by Sandia National Laboratories.
Illustration.
In the diagram the solution domain is used for the purpose of computer modelling of heat flow around the borehole.
Details.
The concept involves drilling a borehole about 5 km down into the Earth's crust. High level waste, like spent nuclear fuel, would be sealed in strong steel containers and lowered down the borehole, filling the bottom one or two kilometers of the hole. Current technology limits the diameter of the borehole to less than 50 centimeters. This means that some waste currently stored in large containers would need to be repackaged in smaller containers. The rest of the borehole is then sealed with appropriate materials, including perhaps clay, cement, crushed rock backfill, and asphalt, to ensure a low-permeability barrier between the waste and the land surface. In some concepts, waste may be surrounded by cementitious grout or a highly compacted bentonite buffer matrix to provide improved containment and to attenuate the impact of rock movements onto the canisters integrity. A high-temperature scenario involves very young hot waste in the containers which releases enough heat to create a melt zone around the borehole. As the waste decays and cools, the melt zone resolidifies, forming a solid granite sarcophagus around the containers, entombing the waste forever. Under both scenarios, chemically reducing conditions adjacent to the borehole will reduce the transport of most radionuclides.
The deep borehole concept can be applied to any amount of waste. For countries that do not rely on nuclear power plants, their entire inventory of high-level nuclear waste could perhaps be disposed of in a single borehole. Current estimates suggest that spent fuel generated from a single large nuclear power plant operating for multiple decades could be disposed of in fewer than ten boreholes. It is estimated that only 800 boreholes would be sufficient to store the entire existing nuclear waste stockpile of the USA. Borehole disposal programs could be terminated at any time with little loss of investment because each borehole is independent. The modular nature of borehole disposal would lend itself to regional, or on-site, disposal of nuclear waste. Another attraction of the deep borehole option is that holes might be drilled and waste emplaced using modifications of existing oil and gas drilling technologies.
Finally, the environmental impact is small. The waste handling facility at the wellhead, plus a temporary security buffer zone, would require about one square kilometer. When the borehole is filled and sealed, the land can be returned to a pristine condition.

</doc>
<doc id="9811445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811445" title="SofTech, Inc.">
SofTech, Inc.

SofTech, Inc. () is a multinational computer software company with offices in the United States, Italy, Germany and France with a worldwide annual revenue of US$ $12.1 million. Headquartered in Lowell, Ma. SofTech has provided Product Lifecycle Management, Product Data Management, and CAD CAM solutions. SofTech was founded by Douglas T. Ross in 1969 as one of the earliest software/consulting companies in the US. 
In December 2002, SofTech acquired Workgroup Technology Corporation (WTC), developer of ProductCenter, the company's PDM/PLM solution. WTC was one of the earliest PDM/PLM providers in the industry, having delivered PLM software products beginning with its first software product CMS in the early 1990s, along with many technology firsts, including the first independent PLM integration to Pro/ENGINEER. In 1996 WTC’s CMS software solution was renamed to ProductCenter. 
Softech’s flagship product offering ProductCenter PLM was created to enhance product lifecycle development by extending enterprise collaboration, increasing product quality improvements, and shortening time-to-market cycles. ProductCenter integrates with CAD systems such as Pro/ENGINEER, SolidWorks, Autodesk Inventor, AutoCAD, CADRA, Unigraphics, Catia and ME-10 as well as non-CAD integrations to MS Office and Adobe FrameMaker and view/markup/collaboration integration to Cimmetry’s AutoVue. ProductCenter was specifically designed to operate on the Microsoft Windows and UNIX operating systems and has also developed a web client version to operate in a standard web browser on almost any platform.
Portfolio.
Product offerings from the company are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9811478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811478" title="The Metropolitan">
The Metropolitan

The Metropolitan can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="9811490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811490" title="History (European TV channel)">
History (European TV channel)

History (formerly known as The History Channel UK) is a pan-European television channel broadcasting programs related to historical events and persons, owned by a joint-venture between A+E Networks, owner of the American History, and British Sky Broadcasting, the UK's largest pay-TV provider. Chello DMC is responsible for the signal distribution across mainland Europe and the subsidiaries of Chellomedia are the distribution representatives across Europe. Its programming is mainly in English and locally subtitled or dubbed. It is available through numerous satellite, cable, terrestrial and IPTV distributors across Europe and the Middle East. In some countries the advertisement and the announcements between programs are localized.
There are specific versions for Germany, Italy and Spain & Portugal:
History.
The channel launched in November 1995 under the name "The History Channel" and was the first version of History to launch outside the United States. It was first broadcast from the crowded transponder 47 on the Astra 1C satellite, where it would broadcast for four hours between 4 p.m. and 8 p.m. on weekdays. Among the channels it shared the transponder with were Sky Travel, Sky Soap, Sky Sports 2 and Sci-Fi Channel.
In 1997, Sky Sports 2 became a full-day channel and the channels that time-shared with it had to move. The History Channel would now share transponder 24 with Sky Soap and Sci-Fi Channel.
The History Channel launched in Scandinavia in September 1997, broadcasting for three hours per day on the Analogue Viasat platform. Initially time-sharing with TV1000 Cinema, it was later moved to the Swedish TV8 channel and continued broadcasting there until November 2004 when Viasat launched their own history channel, Viasat History, in the Nordic region and closed down the History Channel.
The launch of Sky Digital allowed the channel to increase it broadcast hours significantly. The channel was completely launched across Europe in October 2007.
On 26 October 2006, The History Channel HD launched in the United Kingdom and Ireland. A high-definition version of the History Channel was launched in the Nordic region on 13 December 2007. It offers a separate schedule to the standard-definition version. In January 2008, The History Channel HD launched in the Netherlands.
In November 2008, the channel got its current name. The high-definition channel became "History HD" in the process.
The company behind the channel was known as "The History Channel ( UK ) Limited" until July 2009, when it was renamed "AETN UK" to reflect the fact that the company now offers several channels. On 22 September 2011, AETN UK was rebranded as "A+E Networks UK".
A+E Networks UK operations.
Since the launch of History, the company has extended its line-up with:
History Germany.
In the German-speaking countries "History" is operated and run by The History Channel Germany GmbH & Co. KG, a joint venture between A+E Networks and NBC Universal Global Networks Germany. The channel launched as "The History Channel" on 15 November 2004 and changed its name into "History" on 11 January 2009.
History is available on the cable networks of Kabel Deutschland, Kabel BW/Unitymedia, Primacom and KabelKiosk in all German states. It is also available on cable in Austria and Switzerland.
On satellite, the channel was available on Arena. It was not available on Premiere, until that platform was renamed Sky on 4 July 2009. At the same time History HD, a high-definition version of the channel, was launched.
The channel also hosts the "History-Award", which has been given annually since 2005.
Canal de História.
"History" is operated and distributed under the name of "Canal de História" or in short "História" by Chello Multicanal in Spain and Portugal through its agreement with A+E Networks, owner of History.

</doc>
<doc id="9811498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811498" title="The Wooden Camera">
The Wooden Camera

The Wooden Camera is a 2003 South African film directed by Ntshavheni wa Luruli.
Plot.
The film takes place in and around Cape Town and a nearby township, Khayelitsha. The film centers around two black below 14-year-old brothers, younger Madiba (Junior Singo) and elder Sipho (Innocent Msimango). One day, as they are playing alongside the railroad tracks, they find a dead body. With him they find a gun with one bullet and a video camera. Sipho takes the gun and Madiba takes the camera, which he puts inside a wooden toy camera to make it seem a not-working toy. Sipho seems to harmlessly joke about the gun at first, but begins spending more time in Cape Town, robbing parking meters and paying for glue to sniff. He eventually starts living in abandoned places in Cape Town with a group of thugs.
Madiba films the world around him, finding beauty in both Khayelitsha and Cape Town. He tries many filming techniques and is skilled, but finds his videos very personal and does not normally let other people see them. While in Cape Town, he meets and forges an unlikely friendship with a white Cape Town girl, Estelle (Dana de Agrella) from a rich family, who gets into conflict with her racist father about this. Sipho uses the gun to rob people. Madiba disapproves and does not want any of the stolen money, but still considers him his friend. One of Sipho's robberies goes wrong and he is killed.
In the end Madiba and Estelle run off and take a train together

</doc>
<doc id="9811499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811499" title="Windsor Way (Vancouver)">
Windsor Way (Vancouver)

Windsor Way is a bike path in East Vancouver, Canada, which was identified as a local Greenway in the Kensington-Cedar Cottage Visioning process.
Route.
The Windsor Bikeway is a 4.3 km north/south bike route that follows Glen Drive and Windsor Street from Great Northern Way to 43rd Avenue and was chosen for its proximity to Knight Street. This route provides a connection for the Off-Broadway and 10th Avenue Bikeways to the Midtown/Ridgeway and Inverness Bikeways. The Windsor Bikeway passes through Mount Pleasant and Kensington-Cedar Cottage neighbourhoods and goes by Memorial Park South.
Measures along the proposed bikeway to reduce vehicle speeds and to help cyclists cross busy arterials include traffic circles, corner bulges, centre medians, speed humps, and traffic lights controlled by cyclists and pedestrians.
Estimated cycling time for the full length of the Windsor Bikeway is 18 minutes.
History.
A survey was completed in 2001 of local residents to gauge support for the bike path. City Council considered a recommendation from staff in 2003.
Windsor Street was selected over other streets near the major north-west transportation corridor, Knight Street, for a number of reasons including:
Public art.
Public art has been installed along the Windsor Way bike route to further beautify the corridor and calm traffic. This work was completed in two phases.
Phase 1 was led by the Mt. Pleasant Community Centre Association, which led what was called "one of the most successful community public art projects ever", installing metal banners on street lamps along Windsor Street. Funding was approved by the City in 2002.
Phase 2 of the public art portion of this project built on the "Windsor Way/Art Way" plan. To support this, the City of Vancouver approved funding ($15,000) for the project in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9811503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811503" title="Pivot element">
Pivot element

The pivot or pivot element is the element of a matrix, or an array, which is selected first by an algorithm (e.g. Gaussian elimination, simplex algorithm, etc.), to do certain calculations. In the case of matrix algorithms, a pivot entry is usually required to be at least distinct from zero, and often distant from it; in this case finding this element is called pivoting. Pivoting may be followed by an interchange of rows or columns to bring the pivot to a fixed position and allow the algorithm to proceed successfully, and possibly to reduce round-off error.
Pivoting might be thought of as swapping or sorting rows or columns in a matrix, and thus it can be represented as multiplication by permutation matrices. However, algorithms rarely move the matrix elements because this would cost too much time; instead, they just keep track of the permutations.
Overall, pivoting adds more operations to the computational cost of an algorithm. These additional operations are sometimes necessary for the algorithm to work at all. Other times these additional operations are worthwhile because they add numerical stability to the final result.
Examples of systems that require pivoting.
In the case of Gaussian elimination, the algorithm requires that pivot elements not be zero.
Interchanging rows or columns in the case of a zero pivot element is necessary. The system below requires the interchange of rows 2 and 3 to perform elimination.
The system that results from pivoting is as follows and will allow the elimination algorithm and backwards substitution to output the solution to the system.
Furthermore, in Gaussian elimination it is generally desirable to choose a pivot element with large absolute value. This improves the numerical stability. The following system is dramatically affected by round-off error when Gaussian elimination and backwards substitution are performed.
This system has the exact solution of x1 = 10.00 and x2 = 1.000, but when the elimination algorithm and backwards substitution are performed using four-digit arithmetic, the small value of a11 causes small round-off errors to be propagated. The algorithm without pivoting yields the approximation of x1 ≈ 9873.3 and x2 ≈ 4. In this case it is desirable that we interchange the two rows so that a21 is in the pivot position
Considering this system, the elimination algorithm and backwards substitution using four-digit arithmetic yield the correct values x1 = 10.00 and x2 = 1.000.
Partial and complete pivoting.
In partial pivoting, the algorithm selects the entry with largest absolute value from the column of the matrix that is currently being considered as the pivot element. Partial pivoting is generally sufficient to adequately reduce round-off error. However for certain systems and algorithms, complete pivoting (or maximal pivoting) may be required for acceptable accuracy. Complete pivoting considers all entries in the whole matrix, interchanging rows and columns to achieve the highest accuracy. Complete pivoting is usually not necessary to ensure numerical stability and, due to the additional computations it introduces, it may not always be the most appropriate pivoting strategy.
Scaled pivoting.
A variation of the partial pivoting strategy is scaled partial pivoting. In this approach, the algorithm selects as the pivot element the entry that is largest relative to the entries in its row. This strategy is desirable when entries' large differences in magnitude lead to the propagation of round-off error. Scaled pivoting should be used in a system like the one below where a row's entries vary greatly in magnitude. In the example below, it would be desirable to interchange the two rows because the current pivot element 30 is larger than 5.291 but it is relatively small compared with the other entries in its row. Without row interchange in this case, rounding errors will be propagated as in the previous example.
Pivot position.
A pivot position in a matrix, A, is a position in the matrix that corresponds to a row–leading 1 in the reduced row echelon form of A. Since the reduced row echelon form of A is unique, the pivot positions are uniquely determined and do not depend on whether or not row interchanges are performed in the reduction process.

</doc>
<doc id="9811512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811512" title="Pantry Panic">
Pantry Panic

Pantry Panic is the third animated cartoon short in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 24, 1941, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
Woody stays behind to swim while the other birds in the forest migrate south for the winter. Just after the other birds leave, the cold of winter sets in instantly, to the point that Woody's swimming hole freezes solid after he jumps in ("Must be hard water", he remarks). Woody does not worry, because he has stored up plenty of food. However, a snow storm enters his house and makes off with all of his possessions, food included.
Two weeks later, Woody is starving and delusional, having a staring contest with the ghost of "Starvation", personified as something vaguely resembling as the Grim Reaper. A month later, a hungry cat happens upon Woody's cabin, and conspires to eat the woodpecker. The famished Woody, however, plans just as quickly to eat the cat, and the two have at it. Eventually a moose appears at Woody's open door, and the starving cat and woodpecker chase after it to capture and eat it. Afterwards, however, the meal proves not to be enough to satisfy both Woody and the cat, who instantly resume their game of trying to eat each other.
Production notes.
Like most of the early 1940s Lantz cartoons, "Pantry Panic" carried no director's credit. Lantz himself has claimed to have directed this cartoon, which features animation by Alex Lovy and LaVerne Harding, a story by Ben Hardaway and Lowell Elliott, and music by Darrell Calker.
"Pantry Panic" was the third cartoon in the Woody Woodpecker series, featuring an early, garish Woody Woodpecker design. It was the first short with Danny Webb as Woody's voice. However, the woodpecker's famous laugh (provided by Mel Blanc) would continue to be recycled until 1951, when Grace Stafford rerecorded a softer version. Woody's "Guess Who?" (also Blanc), however, would continue to be used until the end of the series in 1972.
"Pantry Panic" would be reworked in 1946 as "Who's Cookin' Who?" The starvation personification would also reappear in the remake as well as 1951's "The Redwood Sap". This entry is the only "Woody Woodpecker" cartoon in the public domain. As such, it is freely distributed, and can be downloaded from the Internet Archive and seen on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="9811515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811515" title="Star Wars Episode I (pinball)">
Star Wars Episode I (pinball)

Star Wars Episode I is a 1999 pinball game released by Williams and the second (and last) machine to use the Pinball 2000 hardware platform. It is based in the "Star Wars" film "".
It is the last game manufactured by WMS industries (Williams and Bally labels) before the announcement to close their doors on October 25, 1999. The jet bumper rule of the 1.4 software reminds players of that date. (The number of points for spelling Jar Jar is 19,992,510; This is the date 25-10-1999, the same day WMS announced the closing of their pinball branch).
The game was also available as a conversion kit for Revenge From Mars which included a Star Wars Episode I playfield, game ROMs, manual, cabinet decals, translite and a manual plunger.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to become a Jedi Spirit. To reach the Spirit level one must battle through Youth, Knight, and Master levels, fighting Darth Maul in a light saber battle at each level. To get to the duel one must spell "J-E-D-I" by completing the various modes started at the Holoprojector or being randomly awarded a letter through various other means. The included modes are:
Multiball.
Multiball is started by putting a ball into each of the saucers (Mos Espa Market and Watto’s Junk Shop). If more than one player is playing it is possible to “steal” the other players multi-ball prep work. It's also possible to shoot the active ball into a saucered ball so both come flying back. Useful in a multiplayer game, less so in a single player (and counter-productive if it happens during a Jedi Battle).
When multiball is started, the center target lights up for a 1,000,000 jackpot. If 2 (or 3 if the ball saver is still running) balls drain without making the first jackpot one will be offered the opportunity to restart the multiball by shooting either saucer. Note that the restarted multiball is only two balls, but allows to hit the skill shot again.
The pattern for jackpots:
After one has lost two of the three balls in play, the multiball ends and the saucers go dark. To relight the saucers one needs to hit either saucer once for each multiball that has been started. So to lock the ball in the Junk Shop for the second multiball, one first needs to hit either the Junk Shop or the Market once first.

</doc>
<doc id="9811518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811518" title="Arrondissement of Philippeville">
Arrondissement of Philippeville

The Arrondissement of Philippeville (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Namur, Wallonia, Belgium.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Philippeville consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9811547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811547" title="Lakewood Towne Center">
Lakewood Towne Center

Lakewood Towne Center is a shopping center located in Lakewood, Washington, a suburb of Tacoma. Lakewood Towne Center was created when MBK Northwest bought and demolished the enclosed portion of the failing Lakewood Mall in 2001, and turned the site into an open air destination by creating four distinct components, including a civic center with a city hall as its centerpiece, a power center, entertainment center, and a neighborhood center. Lakewood Mall itself had been a replacement for the outdoor Villa Plaza Shopping Center.
Villa Plaza.
Villa Plaza Shopping Center opened in 1957 on the site of the former Roman Catholic girls’ school, Visitation Villa. Visitation Villa was open from 1923 to 1954. On May 3, 1958, former boxing heavyweight champions Joe Louis and Max Baer visited and signed autographs before being flown by helicopter to the B & I Circus Store in Tacoma.
Lakewood Mall.
In 1985 developer Basil Vyzis acquired Villa Plaza and developed the enclosed Lakewood Mall which opened in 1989 on the site of the former Villa Plaza. Throughout the short life of the mall it suffered from poor reputation, stores that were never occupied, and the closings of major anchor tenants. Vyzis died in 1996.
Lakewood Towne Center.
In 2001 Lakewood Mall was acquired from ATC Realty Sixteen Inc. (a Wells Fargo subsidiary) by MBK Northwest (a Mitsui subsidiary) for $28 million. MBK had previously redeveloped the Jantzen Beach SuperCenter in Portland, Oregon and the Parkway SuperCenter in Tukwila, Washington. The enclosed portion of Lakewood Mall was demolished in 2001, leaving the anchor stores largely intact to make way for Lakewood Towne Center, which opened in 2002.
In 2004, MBK sold two-thirds of its interest in the mall to Inland Western for $81.1 million. The mall has more than 80 tenants.

</doc>
<doc id="9811555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811555" title="Ellen Clegg">
Ellen Clegg

Ellen Clegg (c. 1841-?) was a New York criminal specializing in pick pocketing and shoplifting. A close associate of Fredericka Mandelbaum, she was well known to authorities in several major cities along with her husband James "Old Jimmy" Clegg and had an extensive arrest record. She was arrested with Tilly Miller, "Black" Lena Kleinschmidt and four other shoplifters in Boston on December 6, 1876; her picture taken by the Boston Police Department for the "Rogues' Gallery". She was later arrested in the city for pick pocketing two years later and sent to the House of Correction. 
Returning to New York, she was again arrested with Walter Price (then under the alias Mary Gray) for shoplifting on November 24, 1879. Pleading guilty, she was sentenced to three years in Blackwell's Island by Judge Gildersleeve on December 16 while Price was sent to State Prison. 
Clegg returned to Boston after her term expired on April 16, 1882 where she was arrested for shoplifting on May 21, 1883 and sentenced to one year imprisonment in the House of Correction. She was returned to the House of Corrections when she was caught attempting to open a woman's handbag to steal her pocketbook on December 22, 1885 and again given a one year sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="9811586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811586" title="Stephen Lodge (author)">
Stephen Lodge (author)

Stephen Lodge is an American author, television screenwriter and actor; also a former costumer and stuntman to the industry. He was born on 6 February 1943 in the Long Beach area of California, United States.
Early and professional life.
He is the co-writer of the Kenny Rogers Western epic, the 1993 CBS TV movie "Rio Diablo", co-starring Travis Tritt, Naomi Judd and Stacy Keach. His first major screenwriting credit was for the United Artists feature "The Honkers" starring James Coburn.
Soon afterwards, he was writing, producing and directing the film, "One Block Away" – this was co-written by Hoke Howell, who also acted in it. Another of Lodge's films, Kingdom of the Spiders, starring Star Trek's William Shatner, aired regularly on cable television in the 1990s.
Lodge grew up watching "B" Westerns, and his ambition from early on was to become an actor when he was older. He was able to visit movie sets as a youth, and was in awe of the experience. When he was 10, he was presented with an 8mm movie camera for his birthday. This encouraged him to write, direct and act in his own amateur productions. He started professional acting at 12 years old, and by the age of 16 he had appeared at Hollywood's famous Corriganville Western movie ranch.
When his time at college ended, he was fortunate to be employed by Columbia Pictures, where, among other things, he was an assistant to the associate producer on the 1963 TV series Camp Runamuck. He also gained valuable media experience as a costumer for numerous productions, notably the classic 1963 TV series The Fugitive.
Later life.
Lodge now lives in Rancho Mirage, California, near Palm Springs, with his wife Beth and their two dogs. Since moving to the desert he has written, produced and directed a 90-minute TV special, "Bordello"; authored several articles for various magazines; and completed additional screenplays, including adaptations of his novels, ""Shadows of Eagles"", ""Charley Sunday's Texas Outfit!"", and ""Nickel-Plated Dream"".

</doc>
<doc id="9811605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811605" title="Sweet Potato Queens">
Sweet Potato Queens

The Sweet Potato Queens is a women's organization based in Jackson, Mississippi, that has over 6000 chapters in over 20 countries.
Organization.
The Sweet Potato Queens concept has been explained and made popular by a series of books by Jill Conner Browne, born in Tupelo and raised in Jackson, who came up with the idea in 1982. (Browne is the author of a number of books which form the backbone of the Sweet Potato Queen "movement.") It involves a belief in a sisterhood that promotes self esteem and positive thinking, appealing to mostly middle-aged middle-class women. As John Ray, the ordering manager at Politics and Prose in Washington once said of the Sweet Potato Queen books, "they began to empower women." In 2005, almost ten thousand women dressed up in costumes and came to Jackson for the annual Hal and Mal's St. Patrick’s Day parade, proceeds from which benefited a local children’s hospital.
Each local chapter assumes its own theme and designs its own costumes. Some of the chapters participate in parades and fund-raisers in their local communities.

</doc>
<doc id="9811629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811629" title="Mohammed Magoro">
Mohammed Magoro

Mohammed Magoro (Born 7 May 1941) is a retired Major General of the Nigerian army who was twice a government minister, under Generals Obasanjo and Buhari. In the April 2011 elections he was elected Senator for the Kebbi South constituency of Kebbi State, Nigeria.
Early career.
Magoro was born in Kebbi State, a member of the Zuru ethnic minority.
He was a graduate of Bida Provincial School, a classmate of Mamman Jiya Vatsa and Ibrahim Babangida. He joined the Nigerian army in 1963, and enrolled at the Nigeria Military Training College.
Military regime.
Magoro was appointed Federal Commissioner of Transport during the Military administration of General Olusegun Obasanjo in 1978.
He became Minister for Internal Affairs under Major General Muhammadu Buhari, the military ruler from January 1984 to August 1985.
He was also a member of the Supreme Military Council.
As Minister for Internal Affairs, in May 1985 he oversaw the exodus of close to a million foreign nationals from Nigeria.
Half had come from Ghana, and the rest from other West African countries where they were escaping from drought and starvation.
Magoro was not retained as minister under Ibrahim Babangida's new regime which took power in August 1985, but was appointed head of the Nigerian National Shipping Line, the Nigerian Railways and Nigerian Ports Authority.
After his retirement in 1995 he took to public service and thereafter became the Chairman of Ocean and Oil Services Ltd.
Fourth republic.
Magoro became Chairman of the Oando group in 2000, a petroleum marketing company created through privatization of Unipetrol Nigeria Plc., in which Ocean and Oil Services bought a major share.
In November 2001 Magoro was an influential member of the Board of Trustees of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
In the run up to the April 2007 elections for Kebbi State governor, Magoro was at first declared the PDP candidate but later was replaced by Alhaji Saidu Dakingari. When Dakingari went on to be elected, the rival parties disputed the validity of the election on the basis that he had been filed as a candidate on 5 February 2007 but had not formally joined the party until 10 February 2007.
Senatorial career.
In the January 2011 PDP primary election in Zuru for Senatorial candidate for Kebbi South, Magoro defeated the incumbent, Senator Tanko Ayuba.
Mogoro won the election on 9 April 2011 with 125,940. The runner-up was Abubakar S. Yelwa of the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), who won 94,147 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="9811638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811638" title="Tamás Szekeres">
Tamás Szekeres

Tamás Szekeres (born 18 September 1972 in Budapest) is an Hungarian former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="9811648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811648" title="Curt Close">
Curt Close

Curt Close (23 October 1975 in Waremme, Belgium) is a Belgian singer. In February 2002, his song "Ton Image" was in the French and Belgian Top 40.
At the age of 10, he started to play the piano by ear instead of being taught to play it. He composed his first song at the age of 14 and began to perform at small school concerts. When he was 19, he met Pierre Rapsat, a composer and performer who became his mentor and friend, and with whom he would write several songs. Later on, an advertisement led to a meeting with Nicolas Varak, a producer at Paris who signed him up with East West (Warner Music France) for his first album "Le vent se lève".
Philippe Delettrez oversaw the production and musical arrangements. The recording work took place in Paris and Los Angeles with the best French and American musicians: Jean Mora at the keyboard, Emmanuel Vergeade on guitar, Denis Benarrosch on percussion, Marc Berthoumieux on the accordion, Didier Dessers writing for strings, Abraham Laboriel Sr (whose previous work was with Michael Jackson, Elton John) on bass, Abraham Laboriel Jr (Sting, Paul McCartney, Johnny Hallyday, Mylène Farmer) on drums, Brad Cole (Phil Collins) on piano and keyboard. "Le vent se lève" was released in March 2002.
In 2004, Catherine Lara asked Curt Close if he would play the role of Merlin in her musical comedy "Graal" in January 2005, with Franco Dragone as producer, but the show did not go ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="9811659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811659" title="Charles Shambaugh">
Charles Shambaugh

Charles Shambaugh (August 25, 1839 – October 13, 1913) was born in Prussia and was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who received America's highest military decoration the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Charles City Crossroads.
Biography.
Shambaugh joined the army in Indiana County, Pennsylvania and served in Company D of the 11th Pennsylvania Reserves. His Medal of Honor was officially awarded on July 17, 1866, and he is one of only two recipients of the medal from the 11th Pennsylvania Reserves, the other being Henderson C. Howard.
He is buried in Prospect Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
His biography as listed in the Prospect Hill Cemetery database is as follows:
Born in Prussia on August 25, 1839, Charles Shambaugh immigrated to the United States in 1847, when he was about 8 years old. Nothing is known about his life here until the time of the Civil War.
On June 10, 1861, he enlisted in the Pennsylvania Reserves, where he served as a corporal in the infantry. He was wounded on August 30, 1862, during the Second Battle of Bull Run. Six weeks later, on October 13, 1862, he left the service on a disability discharge.
Four years later, on July 17, 1866, he was awarded a Medal of Honor for his meritorious actions at Charles City Crossroads, Virginia, June 30, 1862. The citation was "capture of flag."
It appears that Shambaugh returned to Pennsylvania after his discharge, for it is known that a daughter, Jennie, was born to him there in 1873. Another daughter, Lizzie, was born in Kansas in 1877. (We know nothing about his wife, who apparently was deceased by the time the 1900 census was taken.)
By 1890 he had come to the District of Columbia and was living at 6121 Street, NE. According to the City Directories for 1890 and 1891, in 1890 he was employed as a watchman; in 1891 he worked as an elevator operator. By 1900 he had moved to 1108 K Street, NE.
He died October 12, 1913, in Hyattsville, Maryland, at age 73.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and Organization:
Citation:
Notes.
11th Pennsylvania Reserves Muster Roll

</doc>
<doc id="9811672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811672" title="Shaura">
Shaura

Shaura, formerly known as Juka (ジュカ), is a Japanese visual kei metal singer who first became known in 2002 when he was recruited by Mana for his project Moi dix Mois. In late 2006 he joined HIZAKI's solo project, HIZAKI grace project. He then started a solo career before pausing all musical activities at the end of 2007. He returned in 2009, after changing his stage name to Shaura, as part of the duo XOVER. After his last band VII-Sense disbanded on mid-2012, in 2012, August he officially wrote on his blog that his music career is finished and there was no reason for him to get back on stage, now he took up fishing.
Activities.
Moi dix Mois.
In 2002, Juka was recruited to join Mana's project, Moi dix Mois. Like his band colleague Kazuno he was a newcomer to the Japanese music scene. While Juka was in Moi dix Mois, they produced three singles, two albums and two live DVDs as well as countless live concerts with the band, even in Germany and France. Juka left Moi dix Mois right after the "Invite to Immorality Tour Final" concert on April 30, 2005. The official reason given for his departure was musical differences. As a result of lacking a vocalist, Mana's fellow band members Kazuno and Tohru also decided to leave the band soon after. From there, Moi dix Mois had to be formed completely anew.
On March 20, 2013 he made an appearance as part of the encore of the final show of Moi dix Moi's "Le Dixieme Anniversaire Live 2012-2013" tour performing a short set as part of a reunited original line up of the group followed by a second encore where they were joined on stage by the group's current members for a performance of the title track of the Pageant single.
HIZAKI grace project.
At the end of 2006, guitarist HIZAKI recruited Juka as vocalist for solo project, HIZAKI grace project. In early 2007 they released a new album named "Dignity of Crest". A live DVD named "Monshou" was released on May 5, 2007. It contains the complete live footage of HIZAKI grace project's tour final concert on February 17. They released a second album called "Ruined Kingdom" on September 19 which contained some live tracks and three new songs, which are the last recordings featuring Juka. He officially left the band after the concert at Omotesandou Fab on October 5, 2007. During the "Nihon Tanbi Kakumei" tour in November 2007, Juka performed as support vocalist along with Kamijo and Kaya.
Solo career.
In the middle of February 2007 Juka announced the start of his solo career on Kaimijo's record label Sherow Artist Society, while continuing activities with HIZAKI grace project. He also announced the release of his first maxi single "Aravesque" on March 28, 2007, which was produced by Kamijo, HIZAKI and Juka himself. The three tracks provide a large style selection. While the first song "Aravesque" is reminiscent of Moi dix Mois' gothic sound, the second track "S" leans in the direction of heavy metal music. The third track "Aimless" has much in common with a French chanson and doesn't share any kind of style with one of the first two tracks. Furthermore, all tracks are instrumental. Another release called "Luxurious" in the shape of a mini album was released in June 2007. He released his second single "Saint Croix" on October 31, 2007. Juka announced he would be pausing all musical activities at the end of 2007 due to personal matters; all future plans were on hold/cancelled.
Node of Scherzo.
In March 2007, the Node of Scherzo (ノード・オブ・スケルツォ) event took place. Juka takes the role of vocalist alongside Kamijo and Kaya while HIZAKI and Jasmine You support the three on guitar and bass. According to Kamijo, the show is supposed to be a theatrical show combined with music and illumination effects. While Juka and Jasmine You represent the dark side, Kamijo and HIZAKI form their opposite as the light side. Between them stands Kaya personifying beauty. A certain focus is cast on the tragic love story of Juka and Jasmine You. When the three vocalists performed a new specifically created song at the end of the show, the song found so much approval of the audience, that they decided after a second Node of Scherzo show in May 2007 to record this song on a CD. It was finally released on October 31, 2007. The buyers of all Halloween releases by the labels Reverie and Sherow Artist Society, which were "Carmilla" (by Kaya), "Saint Croix" (by Juka), "Lyrical Sympathy" (by Versailles) and the "Node of Scherzo" single, were given the possibility to obtain a special live clip DVD by sending all the coupons found on the obi slips wrapped around the CD case and five 80 Yen stamps to the label by December 12, 2007. The DVD contained a 5 minutes live clip accompanied with the Node of Scherzo song. Further performances of the song could be seen during the national tour "Nihon Tanbi Kakumei".
XOVER.
XOVER was a duo formed in 2009 with Kouichi (Everlasting-K, ex:Laputa), and marked Juka's return to music after changing his stage-name to Shaura. XOVER released one mini-album titled "XGATE" on July 22, 2009. They then released an album called "Aureola" on October 21. But after releasing a live DVD in November 2009, XOVER disbanded.
VII-Sense.
Seventh Sense was intended to be a new band by Juka and fellow ex:Moi dix Mois member Kazuno. However, due to Juka withdrawing himself from the music scene, this band was canceled and the Omnibus album that Seventh Sense would have been featured on now features Juka's song "Suimenka" instead. Juka would release a "best of" album on February 6, 2008, called "Seventh Sense".
In 2010 Seventh Sense was finally formed, stylized as VII-Sense. Their first release was the single "Black Bird" on March 24. The other members included guitarists Erina (ex:Dio - Distraught Overlord) and RayX, Kaz on guitar and piano, bassist Masato (ex:support for XOVER) and Mikage on drums (ex:Hizaki Grace Project, Kisaki Project). On May 2012, the band disbanded.
On August 28th, Shaura wrote on personal blog that he would not return to the music scene. The entry was deleted and Shaura instead wrote that he wanted to make new band. However, this entry was also deleted.
Discography.
Earlier activities:

</doc>
<doc id="9811711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811711" title="Weird Woman">
Weird Woman

Weird Woman (1944) is an Inner Sanctum mystery film directed by Reginald Le Borg, and starring Lon Chaney, Jr., Anne Gwynne, and Evelyn Ankers. The "Inner Sanctum" franchise originated with a popular radio series and all of the films star Chaney, Jr.. The film is one of several films based on the novel "Conjure Wife" by Fritz Leiber, the others include "Night of the Eagle" (1962) and "Witches' Brew" (1980).
Synopsis.
Professor Norman Reed (Chaney, Jr.) falls in love with and marries an exotic woman named Paula (Gwynne) while on vacation in the South Seas. When they return to his home town, she is greeted coolly by much of the community, especially Illona (Ankers), who felt that Reed was hers. Strange things begin to happen, including the death of a colleague, which turns people against her even more, especially as she believes in voodoo and other supernatural phenomena. Reed must work hard to prove her innocence and find the real culprit behind the strange doings.

</doc>
<doc id="9811716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811716" title="Mona Rudao">
Mona Rudao

Mona Rudao, or Mouna Rudao (1882–1930) was the son of a chief of the Seediq tribe of Taiwanese aborigines. In 1911, he made a visit to Japan. He succeeded his father as a chief of the village of Mahebo and became one of the most influential chiefs of the area of Wushe.
He became famous for having carried out the revolt of Wushe in what is now Nantou County in 1930 against the Japanese authorities. He ended up committing suicide by shooting himself with a pistol during the revolt to prevent the Japanese from capturing him alive. His remains were found at forest in 1933, and were taken to the Department of Archaeology of the Taihoku Imperial University where they were exhibited as a warning to future rebels. The bones were "identified" by his daughter and not positively confirmed by DNA. After the arrival of the Kuomintang the bones were placed in a warehouse until 1974 when they were reburied near the Kawanakajima (川中島, current Chingchuan (清泉)) tribe. The Taiwanese viewed him as a hero for carrying out a revolt and he is now one of the figures on New Taiwan Dollar coins.
Mona Rudao has been part of Taiwanese popular culture, entering books and manga. His character took the part of protagonist in the 2011 Taiwanese film "".

</doc>
<doc id="9811733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811733" title="Rick Jones (voice actor)">
Rick Jones (voice actor)

Richard "Rick" Jones is an American director, writer, content developer, voice actor, and comedian. Since 1983, he's worked with Fox, Disney, Universal, Hanna-Barbera, Alphanim, Cinar and Nelvana. Jones has been nominated for a Gemini Award twice in 1988 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9811748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811748" title="Adrián Navarro">
Adrián Navarro

Adrián Navarro (born 24 October 1969 in Laferrere, Buenos Aires province) is an Argentine film and television actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9811836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811836" title="Arizona State Route 180A">
Arizona State Route 180A

State Route 180A (SR 180A) is a highway in Apache County, Arizona, that runs from its junction with US 180 to SR 61 west of St Johns. It is a north–south route for the entirety of its length.
Route description.
SR 180A follows the original alignment of US 180 before the more direct route from St Johns to its current junction with SR 180A was built. The southern terminus of the highway is located at a junction with SR 61 near the community of Concho. It heads northerly from this intersection to its northern terminus at a junction with US 180 northwest of St. Johns. SR 180A now serves as a bypass route for north–south traffic wishing to avoid St Johns. SR 180A has no junctions with any highways aside from its endpoints.
History.
The route was established by the Arizona Department of Transportation in 1974. Since then, the route remains as defined.

</doc>
<doc id="9811840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811840" title="German submarine U-434">
German submarine U-434

German submarine "U-434" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The U-boat was laid down on 20 January 1940 at the Schichau-Werke yard, Danzig, launched on 15 March 1941, and commissioned on 21 June 1941, "Kapitänleutnant" Wolfgang Heyda commanding.
"U-434" sailed from Kristiansand, Norway on 2 November 1941, on her first and only war patrol. On 18 December, "U-434" was sunk in the North Atlantic north of Madeira, Portugal, in position 36.15N, 15.48W. The U-boat was forced to the surface by depth charges from the British escort destroyer and the destroyer . There were 2 dead and 42 survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="9811841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811841" title="Samson Omeruah">
Samson Omeruah

Samson Emeka Omeruah (14 August 1943 in Zaria, Northern Nigeria – 4 December 2006) was a retired air commodore of the Nigerian Air Force, a former governor of Anambra State and a former three-time Minister for Information, Youth, Sport and Culture in Nigeria during the regimes of Buhari, Sani Abacha and Abdulsalam Abubakar.
He was once the chairman of Nigeria Football Association - Nigeria's top football governing body and still regarded as its most successful Chair. He was also the minister for Sports when the Nigerian Golden Eaglets took home the FIFA under 17 world championship cup. He returned to the position in 1994, in time to see the Green Eagles make their first World Cup and win the 1996 Olympic gold medal. He was one of the proponents of privatizing the game in Nigeria and removing control from state governments.
Apart from this, he championed the War Against Indiscipline (WAI) programme of the Buhari regime between January 1983 and August 1985. He was a committed Christian of the Methodist faith and earned a PhD from the University of Lagos in addition to degrees from Punjab University, India and Auburn University in the United States.
He died in London after a brief illness.

</doc>
<doc id="9811877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811877" title="Cihang Zhenren">
Cihang Zhenren

Cihang Zhenren () is a Daoist "zhenren" "Perfected Person" who is identified with the Buddhist bodhisattva Guan Yin. Cihang Zhenren supposedly originated as a Daoist "xian" "transcendent; immortal" and became a bodhisattva because of his endless willingness and effort in helping those in need. 
In some Daoist records, Cihang Zhenren was said to one of the twelve disciples of Yuanshi Tianzun. In some Daoist temples, under the statute of Cihang Zhenren, there usually is a golden lion with eight additional smaller heads, which is known as the Nine Headed Golden Lion. It is said that the Immortal Cihang Zhenren can appear in the human realm in 32 different human forms (三十二应), some of which are male, others female.
There are three anniversaries of Cihang Zhenren that have been celebrated – The first is on the nineteenth day of the Flower Moon (Lunar Second Month). This was the day Cihang Zhenren prayed for the dead to be liberated from hell and blessings for the living (other legends say it was his birthday). The second is on the nineteenth day of the Lychee Moon (Lunar Sixth Month). This was the day he subjugated Ningbo Xianzi (a sea spirit that caused maritime disasters) and successfully gained enlightenment. The third is on the nineteenth day of the Chrysanthemum Moon (Lunar Ninth Month). This was the day Cihang Zhenren achieved immortality.

</doc>
<doc id="9811882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811882" title="Pollyanna Grows Up">
Pollyanna Grows Up

Pollyanna Grows Up is a 1915 children's novel by Eleanor H. Porter. It is the first of many sequels to Porter's best-selling "Pollyanna" (1913), but is the only one written by Porter herself; the numerous later additions to the "Pollyanna" franchise were the work of other authors.
Plot introduction.
Pollyanna, now cured of her crippling spinal injury, spends her time teaching the "glad game" to new town, and a very bitter woman, Mrs. Carew. Along the way she makes new friends, such as Sadie and Jamie: Jamie is a delicate literary genius whose withered legs compel him to rely on a wheelchair and crutches. Six years later, Pollyanna and her aunt fall upon hard times. Following the death of Dr. Chilton, as a means of making money, Pollyanna and her aunt are forced to take in the friends Pollyanna made six years earlier as boarders. However, there are many skeletons lurking in people's closets, causing numerous misunderstandings and many revelations, including how old childhood friend Jimmy 'Bean' Pendleton ended up alone.
Quotes.
Pollyanna: "I'm glad, glad, GLAD for--everything now!"

</doc>
<doc id="9811884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811884" title="Biroc">
Biroc

Biroc or BIROC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9811914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811914" title="Stockton – San Joaquin Street (Amtrak station)">
Stockton – San Joaquin Street (Amtrak station)

The Stockton – San Joaquin Street Station is an Amtrak station in Stockton, California. Originally built for the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway, it is a stop for trains on Amtrak's "San Joaquins" line between Oakland and Bakersfield. The Mission Revival style building cost $24,470 to construct, and includes typical design features such as stuccoed walls, a red tile roof and shady arcades.
"San Joaquin" trains between Sacramento and Bakersfield do not pass this station (SKN), instead using the Robert J. Cabral Station (SKT) closer to downtown. Altamont Commuter Express (ACE) trains also use the Cabral Station.
In FY2012 Stockton was seventeenth-busiest of Amtrak's 74 California stations, boarding or detraining an average of about 761 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="9811946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811946" title="Dead Man's Eyes">
Dead Man's Eyes

"Dead Man's Eyes" is a 1944 Inner Sanctum mystery film directed by Reginald Le Borg, and starring Lon Chaney, Jr. and Jean Parker. The film was distributed by Universal Pictures. The "Inner Sanctum" franchise originated with a popular radio series and all of the films star Lon Chaney, Jr.
Plot.
Artist Dave Stuart is blinded by a jealous assistant. The father of his fiance offers an operation to restore his sight, but Stuart will have to wait until the man dies. The benefactor dies a premature death and Stuart becomes a suspect.

</doc>
<doc id="9811991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811991" title="List of organizations for women writers">
List of organizations for women writers

This is a list of organizations, conferences, and prizes for women writers.

</doc>
<doc id="9811998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811998" title="Chris Munce">
Chris Munce

Chris Munce (born 17 May 1969) is a highly successful Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who was convicted in Hong Kong on 1 March 2007 of taking bribes in exchange for racing tips.
Overview.
Originally a Queensland jockey, Munce shares stable jockey duties with Danny Beasley for Gai Waterhouse Racing. During his career Chris Munce has won thirty-five Group One conditions races including Australia's most prestigious races, the Melbourne Cup and the Cox Plate.
Tips scandal.
According to "The Sydney Morning Herald" newspaper, Munce was arrested by the ICAC, an anti-corruption police in July 2006 with $HK250,000 stuffed into his jeans pockets along with a sheet of paper containing notations allegedly relating to wagers on horse races he had tipped. The charges against him related to actions by Munce while he was racing in Hong Kong which claimed he provided tips to local businessman Andy Lau (not the singer Andy Lau) between December 2005 and May 2006.
Sentenced to thirty months in prison, lawyers for Chris Munce have stated that their client will appeal the verdict and apply for bail pending the results of an appeal hearing. 
On 1 September 2007, Munce returned to Australia to serve the remainder of his sentence. The Hong Kong and Australian federal and New South Wales state governments ruled that Munce be detained in minimum-security prison in Sydney.
On 30 October 2008, Chris Munce walked free from Silverwater Jail after serving two years for his involvement in Hong Kong racing's tips-for-bets scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9811999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9811999" title="Hana Laszlo">
Hana Laszlo

Hanna Laslo () (1953-) is an Israeli actress and comedian.
Laszlo rose to fame in the 1980s and 1990s in the wake of comedy routines in which she portrayed such characters as 'Safta Zapta' and 'Clara the cleaning woman.' In 2005 she won th Best Actress Award at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival for her role in "Free Zone".
Personal life.
Her parents were both Holocaust survivors. In 1972–1973, she served in the Israel Defense Forces Southern Command musical troupe. She was married to Aviv Giladi, with whom she has two sons.
She also married and divorced businessman Benny Bloch.
Television.
In 2004, Laszlo hosted the Israeli version of the British television game show The Weakest Link.
In 2010, Laslo is judge with Claude Dadia and Eli Mizrachi in "Rokdim Im Kokhavim", the Israeli version of Dancing with the Stars.
Awards and nominations.
2005 Cannes Film Festival
Ophir Award

</doc>
<doc id="9812003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812003" title="The Loft (band)">
The Loft (band)

The Loft were a British indie band, whose debut single was one of the earliest releases on Creation Records.
History.
Formed in 1980 as The Living Room by Peter Astor (vocals, guitar), Bill Prince (bass), Andy Strickland (guitar) and Dave Morgan (drums), the band changed its name when they discovered a local music venue also called "The Living Room". The venue was being run by Alan McGee, with whom The Loft struck up a friendship and played several gigs for. After signing to McGee's fledgling Creation Records label, the debut single "Why Does the Rain?" was issued in 1984. "Up the Hill and Down the Slope" was issued the following year, earning both band and label some critical success.A national tour as the opening act for The Colourfield was intended to give the band further exposure, but tensions within the band led to a sensational split live onstage of the Hammersmith Palais, on the final date of the tour.
After the split.
Almost immediately, Peter Astor and Dave Morgan formed a new band, The Weather Prophets, who were also signed to Creation. In 1989, Creation finally issued a compilation of their work entitled "Once Around the Fair: The Loft 1982-1985", with "Magpie Eyes 1982-1985" appearing on Rev-Ola in 2005. Guitarist Strickland became a music journalist and formed The Caretaker Race, and Prince formed The Wishing Stones.
In 2006, the band unexpectedly reformed, playing a handful of gigs and releasing a single of new material on Static Caravan Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="9812019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812019" title="Centerville Senior High School">
Centerville Senior High School

Centerville Senior High School is a high school located in Centerville, Indiana.
Facilities.
The current high school building was built in 1961 with additions added in 1967,1976 and 1981. In 1994, the building was remodeled and up-dated. During the 2000–2002 school year, four new science rooms, a wellness center, and air conditioning were added. The structure now includes 36 classrooms, 4 industrial arts areas, a home economic area, 2 gymnasiums, a guidance area, a swimming pool, an auditorium, 3 computer labs, 2 music areas, a library, a kitchen, and a cafeteria.
Athletics.
According to Centerville High School's Website,
Since 1962, Centerville has won the Tri-Eastern Conference Boys' All-Sports Trophy 19 times, more times than any other school in the conference. Since 1978, Centerville has won the Tri-Eastern Conference Girls All-Sports Trophy 17 times, the most times in the conference.
The school's mascot is the bulldog. The school is part of the Tri-Eastern Conference; their bowling conference is the Mid-Indiana Conference.
Basketball
Boys Bowling
"Football
Swimming & Diving

</doc>
<doc id="9812030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812030" title="Karl-Vossler-Preis">
Karl-Vossler-Preis

From 1984 to 2002, the Free State of Bavaria biennially awarded its Karl-Vossler-Preis, named after Karl Vossler, to authors of scientific literature of distinguished literary quality written in German. The award was aimed at fostering the status of German as an academic language and came with a prize money of 25,000 marks until 2000, and 12,500 Euros in 2002. It alternated with the Jean-Paul-Preis, another literary prize biennially awarded by Bavaria since 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9812034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812034" title="Theatre Jacksonville">
Theatre Jacksonville

Theatre Jacksonville is a community theatre based in Jacksonville, Florida. One of the oldest continually producing community theatres in the United States, its building, also known as the Little Theatre, was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1991.
Theatre Jacksonville is based in the neighborhood of San Marco. It puts on numerous productions throughout the year and runs a children's camp called Camp Theatre Jacksonville every summer.
History.
The Little Theatre company was founded at Jacksonville, Florida in 1919 and then incorporated as "The Little Theatre of Jacksonville" in 1926. Cigar magnate Carl Swisher was the benefactor for a new building in the San Marco neighborhood, which was started in 1927. However, It was more than ten years before the first performance was staged at the new facility. On January 4, 1938, "Boy meets Girl" opened in what is now a historic U.S. theater located at 2032 San Marco Boulevard. 
In early 1969, the name of the company was changed to "Theatre Jacksonville, Inc." and the theatre was re-incorporated. Mayor Hans Tanzler issued a proclamation naming Theatre Jacksonville as Jacksonville's "Official Theatre" in 1972, a distinction reconfirmed by all succeeding mayors. 
On July 12, 1991, the Little Theatre building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The $500,000 Harold K. Smith Playhouse Endowment for facility maintenance was established in June, 1997. In October, 2000 the theatre Facade renovation was completed and the facility was formally dedicated as the Harold K. Smith Playhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="9812036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812036" title="FAIR USE Act">
FAIR USE Act

The "Freedom and Innovation Revitalizing United States Entrepreneurship Act of 2007" (FAIR USE Act) was a proposed United States copyright law that would have amended Title 17 of the U.S. Code, including portions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to "promote innovation, to encourage the introduction of new technology, to enhance library preservation efforts, and to protect the fair use rights of consumers, and for other purposes." The bill would prevent courts from holding companies financially liable for copyright infringement stemming from the use of their hardware or software, and proposes six permanent circumvention exemptions to the DMCA.
The bill was introduced February 27, 2007 in the 110th Congress by Representative Rick Boucher (D-VA). On March 19, 2007, the bill was referred to the House Subcommittee on Courts, the Internet, and Intellectual Property. The bill was not reintroduced.
Boucher emphasized that the bill would not make circumvention an act of fair use, but would instead redefine which acts qualify as permissible circumvention, stating that
History.
The FAIR USE Act is Boucher’s third attempt at reforming provisions within the DMCA, the previous two being the Digital Media Consumers' Rights Acts (DMCRA) of 2003 and 2005. Previously, Boucher co-sponsored the “Benefit Authors without Limiting Advancement or Net Consumer Expectations,” or “BALANCE Act,” which sought to amend the DMCA to account for noninfringing circumvention.
The Digital Media Consumers' Rights Acts stressed the necessity of adequate labeling on media bearing digital rights management (DRM) and similar protections to prevent consumer confusion. Both amended the DMCA to include exceptions for acts of circumvention that furthered consumers’ exercise of fair use rights.
The DMCRA of 2003 included a section of fair use amendments, including amendments to the exemptions described by Section 1201(c) of Title 17. The bill exempted research into “technological measures” from infringement and enabled consumers to circumvent DRM, and qualified that using services for noninfringing uses would not be a violation. The bill also explicitly stated that manufacturing and distributing hardware or software capable of noninfringing uses would likewise not be a violation.
The revised DMCRA of 2005 included a similar section of "fair use amendments", but did not make mention regarding users of noninfringing circumvention services.
The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) criticized both incarnations of the bill, arguing that the language was too permissive and would “legalize hacking and piracy.”
Provisions.
The FAIR USE Act consists of two main provisions: redefining copyright infringement and amending copyright circumvention exemptions.
Section 2: Copyright infringement.
Section 2 would amend Section 504(c)(2) of Title 17, and would prevent courts from levying statutory damages in cases of secondary infringement.
Section 2 would also amend Section 501 by adding that "no person shall be liable for copyright infringement based on the design, manufacture, or distribution of a hardware device or of a component of the device if the device is capable of substantial, commercially significant noninfringing use." In effect, this would reverse the Supreme Court’s decision in "MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd." (2005), which held that "one who distributes a device with the object of promoting its use to infringe copyright ... is liable for the resulting acts of infringement," which has gradually come to be interpreted to mean that any distribution of an object capable of infringement is liable for any resulting infringement. With the "Grokster" decision null, the prevailing standard regarding secondary liability would return to the Court's decision in "Sony v. Universal" (also known as the Betamax case). 
Section 2 echoes the Court's language in "Sony," stating specifically that one may not be held liable for copyright infringement "based on the design, manufacture, or distribution of a hardware device or of a component of the device if the device is capable of substantial, commercially significant noninfringing use."
Section 3: DMCA amendments.
Section 3 first codifies the set of circumvention exemptions granted by the Librarian of Congress as part of the 2006 DMCA rule making process. 
Section 3 also amends the DMCA to add exceptions for six types of circumvention. Circumvention by libraries and archives, to skip objectionable content, to transmit over a personal network, to gain access to public domain works, for public interest work and research, and for preservation are added as a new set of exceptions.
(I) Libraries and archives.
Section (I) allows libraries and archives to circumvent copyright for the purposes of compiling audiovisual works that are in a library's collection for educational classroom use by an instructor.
Educational compilations for college film and media courses were exempt by the Librarian of Congress under Section 1201 of the DMCA, but that exemption was set to expire in 2009. Section(I) not only made the exemption permanent, it expanded the exemption to apply to compilations for coursework at all grade levels, in any subject area.
(II) Objectionable content.
Section (II) allows specifically for circumvention via hardware or software that skips objectionable content.
Circumvention for the purposes of avoiding objectionable content became an issue in 2006, when a Denver judge ruled that the edited versions of films sold by companies such as CleanFlicks and CleanFilms were not considered fair use. These companies, along with a handful of others, removed objectionable content (such as nudity and profanity) from DVDs and sold the edited versions to consumers. 
In its decision, the court did not address the legality of companies who offered software or hardware that would “read” unaltered media and skip objectionable content. Section (II) allows the sale of hardware, such as modified DVD players sold by CleanPlay, and software, like downloadable plug-ins, that would skip such content.
(III) Personal network.
Section (III) allows circumvention for the purpose of storing or transmitting media over a personal network, but explicitly prevents the uploading of media “to the Internet for mass, indiscriminate redistribution."
(IV) Public domain works.
Section (IV) allows for circumvention that enables access to a public domain work, or a compilation of works that are primarily in the public domain.
Arguably, Section (IV) would expressly allow initiatives such as Google Books, which was originally pioneered in 2004 as a database to increase the availability of, and readers' access to, public domain works.
(V) Public interest work and research.
Section (V) is similar to a broader version of the third prong of fair use. It allows circumvention that is carried out to gain access to a work of substantial public interest solely for the purposes of "criticism, comment, news reporting, scholarship, or research."
The language of Section (V) is ambiguous, which led some critics to worry that the language was too broad, potentially enabling students to circumvent copyright to access books, films, and music for coursework, or allowing professors to create course packs without obtaining permission from publishers.
(VI) Circumvention for preservation.
Section (VI) allows circumvention for purposes of preservation by a library or archives, with respect to works in its collection.
Since the DCMA was passed, librarians across the country protested the limited circumvention rights they were afforded. The Association of Research Libraries addressed the problem of preservation head-on, arguing that “preservation is one of a library’s most critical functions... the DMCA is interfering with our ability to preserve these works.” The provisions of Section (VII) would effectively eliminate librarians' problems with preservation of works in a library's collection.
Criticism.
The FAIR USE Act was subject to criticism of both proponents and opponents of DMCA reform.
Proponents of DMCA reform critiqued the bill for being "wishy-washy". Despite the included amendments, several of which arose in response to public protest, the Act did not allow for circumvention for ripping personal copies for cross-media consumption (i.e. ripping a DVD for use on a video phone or laptop), which some considered the biggest problem with the DMCA.
The bill was also criticized for not maintaining the more strongly worded exemptions enumerated in previous incarnations of DMCA reform legislation, in particular, those regarding the makers and distributors of circumvention technology, which meant that “a film studies professor would be permitted to use software such as Handbrake... However, developing or distributing Handbrake in the United States would still be a crime.”
Opponents of the bill focused on problems with the scope and breadth of its language. As with previous Boucher-sponsored bills, the RIAA argued that the bill would “repeal the DMCA and legalize hacking."
External links.
FAIR USE Act
United States Code

</doc>
<doc id="9812082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812082" title="Fullscreen">
Fullscreen

A fullscreen image or video occupies the screen (display device) entirely. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9812088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812088" title="Badger (band)">
Badger (band)

Badger was a British rock band from the early 1970s.
"One Live Badger".
The band was co-founded by keyboardist Tony Kaye after he left Yes, with David Foster. Foster had been in The Warriors with Jon Anderson before Anderson co-founded Yes. Foster later worked with the band on "Time and a Word". Kaye had worked on a solo project by Foster that was never released.
The pair found drummer Roy Dyke, formerly of Ashton, Gardner & Dyke, and Dyke suggested Brian Parrish on guitar. The new band signed to Atlantic Records.
Badger's first release was the live album, "One Live Badger", co-produced by Jon Anderson and Geoffrey Haslam, and was taken from a show opening for Yes. In the progressive rock genre, five of the songs were co-written by the whole band, with a sixth by Parrish. The cover art was done by Roger Dean, the artist responsible for many of Yes's album covers, although Kaye left Yes before their partnership with Roger Dean.
"White Lady".
By 1974, the band had been reduced to Kaye and Dyke. They recruited bassist, Kim Gardner, who had worked with Dyke in Ashton, Gardner & Dyke. Paul Pilnick, formerly of Stealers Wheel, joined on guitar, as did singer Jackie Lomax.
Lomax proceeded to turn them into the type of R&B/soul band he had used on his solo albums. The band became a vehicle for Lomax's songs and singing. During this period, they released one LP, "White Lady", on Epic Records, produced by Allen Toussaint. All ten songs were written or co-written by Lomax. Guests on the album included Jeff Beck (contributing a guitar solo to the title track).
However, before the album's release, the band had split into two factions, with Lomax and Gardner leading a short-lived band called White Lady, before Lomax returned to a solo career.
"White Lady" b/w "Don't Pull the Trigger" was released as a single in May 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9812101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812101" title="The Girl in the Kremlin">
The Girl in the Kremlin

The Girl in the Kremlin is a 1957 American thriller which puts forth the premise that Joseph Stalin (played by Maurice Manson) faked his own death in 1953 and then moved to Greece with a fortune in Soviet currency. Zsa Zsa Gabor plays a dual role, Stalin’s nurse and lover as well as her twin sister who, unaware of Stalin’s plot, hires an ex O.S.S. agent (Lex Barker) to find her sister.
This was the last of five films directed by Russell Birdwell, a well-known publicist.
Plot.
In Moscow, four terrified women prisoners are brought to the office of Joseph Stalin, who chooses Dasha, the smallest and most beautiful, and punishes her by shaving off her long hair. Moments later, plastic surgeon Dr. Petrov leads Stalin into the operating room and transforms his face so that he is unrecognizable. After his handlers announce publicly that Stalin has died, they secret him away to a hideout, where Greta Grisenko serves as his nurse. Meanwhile, Greta’s twin sister Lili continues searching for her, as she has been ever since Russian troops invaded their home country of Lithuania and took Greta, against her will, to Moscow. Earlier, Lili had engaged private investigator Steve Anderson, an American living in Berlin, to find Greta, and now locates him there and asks why he has failed to contact her with information about her sister. Steve has discovered that Greta is working in Moscow and, despising Communists, refuses to work with Lili until she convinces him that her sister is an innocent victim of the Russians. Steve takes Lili to the home of Mischa Rimilkin, a one-armed espionage agent who reveals that Greta has been working for Petrov. Upon receiving assurance from the American Army that Lili is not a spy, the men divulge to her that Dasha, now confined to a mental hospital, claims that Stalin has been surgically altered and is living clandestinely with Greta. The next day, Lili once again pleads with Steve to help her locate Greta, but Steve protests that the job is too dangerous. He is won over, however, by Lili’s clever idea to force Stalin into action by announcing over the radio that he is alive. As they have hoped, Stalin hears the broadcast and orders his henchman, Igor Smetka, to kill Steve. Mischa then brings Steve and Lili to Abensburg, Germany, where Stalin’s son Jacob has been living in secret since the Allies captured him during World War II. On the train, Steve and Mischa note the suspicious presence of a nun wearing combat boots, and once in Abensburg, Mischa follows the nun into a church. At the same time, Steve and Lili visit Jacob, who hates his father and, after conceding that he may be alive, warns them that they are in grave danger. That night, Mischa and Steve vie for Lili’s attention, and although Steve eventually wins a kiss, he then insults her, prompting her to slap him. From Lili’s hotel room window, Steve spots the nun approaching and races downstairs, where he finds that Mischa has been aknocked out. Steve overpowers the nun and removes the disguise, revealing his old cohort, Russian Tata Brun. Tata explains that he has been ordered to kill Steve in return for permission to see his exiled family, and the two agree to part without violence. In the next few days, Mischa, Steve and Lili study old films of Stalin to become familiar with his mannerisms. Before one screening, Steve spots Igor and, suspecting impending danger, orders Lili to return to the hotel. Although Steve and Mischa wait in the screening room for an attack, none comes. Soon after, Tata arrives with a cab driver who announces that Lili has been abducted by Igor. Steve notifies the police and agrees to act as bait to attract Stalin’s men. Surrounded by undercover agents, Steve and Mischa walk the streets near the screening room, and as planned, they are attacked. With Tata’s help, they capture one of the assailants, whom Tata recognizes as one of the Communist agents who tortured him. Tata now returns the favor, torturing the man into confessing that Stalin is in the Greek mountains. After the agent dies from his injuries, Steve and Mischa travel to the mountains, and there learn from bistro owner Count Molda that a nearby monastery was taken over years earlier by a mysterious group. Curious, Steve and Mischa sneak into the monastery at night, but are immediately captured by the waiting Molda, who introduces them to three other men and their women companions. Unable to discern which man is Stalin, Steve offers them all political asylum in the West, but the men respond by showing them Tata, who has been tortured and killed. They then place Steve and Mischa in a cell next to the imprisoned Lili. That night, Lili receives a visit from Greta, and although Lili is thrilled to see her sister, Greta attacks her. When Lili pulls at Greta’s hair, Greata's wig comes off in her hands, and Lili realizes that her sister has been enslaved and brainwashed. Although the women whip Steve mercilessly, he refuses to talk, and when Steve returns to the cell, Mischa uses his fake arm to bludgeon the guard. The two men then manage to free Lili, and together they stumble onto a room full of stolen cash and burn the currency in the lit fireplace. Just then, Greta bursts in and kills Mischa, forcing Steve to slay her. Steve and Lili are soon recaptured and taken to Molda, who orders them killed. Just then, however, Jacob enters and shoots Stalin’s henchmen. Molda steps forward, tenderly addressing Jacob as “son,” but Jacob is unmoved and orders his father at gunpoint into a waiting car. As Steve and Lili follow them in another car, Stalin tries to reason with his son, but Jacob resists, denouncing his father’s violence and campaign of terror against their people. Steve pulls up to the car and shoots at Jacob to make him stop. Trapped, Jacob willingly steers the car over a cliff. While Steve and Lili watch the fiery explosion, they note a nearby Biblical inscription reading “Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.” 

</doc>
<doc id="9812111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812111" title="Arizona State Route 181">
Arizona State Route 181

State Route 181 (SR 181) is a highway in Cochise County, Arizona that runs from its junction with US 191 east of Pearce to the Chiricahua National Monument. It is an east–west route for the half east of Pearce, but becomes a primarily north–south route on the half approaching the monument.
SR 181 serves primarily as an access to the monument, although it also services the settlement of Sunizona east of Pearce.
Route description.
The western terminus is located at US 191 east of Pearce. The highway heads east from this intersection through Sunizona where the highway briefly heads towards the south before curving back towards the east. It continues towards the east until it turns towards the north at an intersection with Turkey Creek and Kuykendall Cutoff roads. The highway continues heading towards the north with the occasional curve towards the northeast before continuing north. When SR 181 reaches an intersection with SR 186, SR 181 turns towards the east. It continues towards the east until it reaches its eastern terminus at the Chiricahua National Monument boundary.
History.
The route was established by the Arizona Department of Transportation in the year 1970 with its current routing from US 191 to the Chiricahua National Monument. Since then, the routing has not been changed and SR 181 remains as when it was defined.

</doc>
<doc id="9812124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812124" title="Inkle weaving">
Inkle weaving

Inkle weaving is a type of warp-faced weaving where the shed is created by manually raising or lowering the warp yarns, some of which are held in place by fixed heddles on a loom known as an inkle loom. Inkle weaving was referred to in Shakespeare's "Love's Labour's Lost". It was brought to the United States in the 1930s, but predates this by many centuries in other countries. The term "Inkle" simply means "ribbon" or "tape" and probably refers to a similarly structured woven good that could have been made on different types of looms, such as a box-loom.
Inkle weaving is commonly used for narrow work such as trims, straps and belts.
Equipment.
Inkle looms are constructed in both floor and table-top models. Either model is characterized by a wooden framework upon which dowels have been fastened. These dowels will hold the warp threads when the loom has been dressed. 
One of the dowels, or a paddle, is constructed so that its position can be adjusted. This tensioning device will be taken in as weaving commences and the warp threads become shorter.
Additional equipment includes yarn of the weaver's choice, yarn or thread for forming heddles and a shuttle to hold the weft. A notebook is also handy for charting weaving diagrams.
Process.
The inkle loom is threaded with warp threads according to the weaver's design, alternating between yarn that that can be raised and lowered and yarn that is secured in place through the use of the heddles. The raising and lowering of these warp threads creates the shed through which the weft thread will be carried on a shuttle. The weaver should make one pass with the shuttle with each opening of a shed through the raising and lowering of threads.
A simple raising and lowering of threads creates a plain-weave band in which warp threads are slightly offset. Weft threads are only visible at the edges of the band and the weaver may wish to take this into account by warping threads that will form the edges in the same color as the weft.
As the weaving commences, the warp threads will shorten on the loom and the weaver will need to adjust the tension periodically. As the inkle band progresses, it will also get closer to the heddles. The weaver will also need to advance the warp thread along the bottom of the loom to open up new weaving space. In her book "Inkle Weaving," Helene Bress recommends loosening the tension when you are ready to advance the warp. Once you have done so, tighten the tension again and resume your weaving.
There are other more advanced techniques in which, instead of merely allowing warp threads to alternate in their up or down positions, individual threads are brought to the surface to form what is called a "pick up" pattern. One side of the band will show the exposed surfaces of warp threads while, on the other side of the pattern, the weft thread will be visible. Using a supplemental weft thread that will come up over the top of certain warp threads, brocaded designs can also be worked into the inkle band.
An inkle loom is also useful in the practice of tablet weaving for its added portability. Simply thread the warp onto the loom but use cards instead of alternating between free-hanging and heddle-secured yarn.
Uses for inkle weaving.
The narrow bands that inkle weaving forms are ideal for use as belts, trims, straps, ribbons, or garment hem decorations, for instance. The many varieties of color and pattern are limited only by the weaver's imagination. Some modern uses include guitar straps and camera straps, colorful shoelaces, and there have been recent sightings of inkle bands as canoe tie-down straps.

</doc>
<doc id="9812131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812131" title="Bestival 2007">
Bestival 2007

The Bestival 2007 was the fourth installment of the Bestival a boutique music festival at Robin Hill on the Isle of Wight. It was held between 7 and 9 September. Tickets went on general sale on Friday 2 March, around 20,000 have been admitted for general release. Tickets were officially announced as sold out on 12 May. 
The Bestival 2007 won the "Best Medium Sized Festival" award, at the UK Festival Awards. This was the third consecutive award for the Bestival, a feat achieved by no other festival in the awards history to date.
Many of the established features were retained including the Bollywood Bar, Hidden Disco, The Farmers Market, Come Dancing Tent, Bestival 87.7FM, Solar Powered Cinema, The Inflatable Church and the Fancy dress parade. The new features for the 2007 Bestival include:
BBC Radio 1 broadcast live from the Bestival, they also had a stage present at the Bestival showcasing many talented artists.
2007 marked the launch of Bestival Radio. The station broadcast on-site over the frequency 87.7FM and kept listeners camping at the festival up-to-date on news and events over the weekend. Bestival FM was sponsored by Jokers' Masquerade
There were 14 different musical venues at the Bestival 2007, these are - Main Stage, The Big Top, The Bollywood Bar, House Of Bamboo, BBC Introducing..., Hidden Disco, Club Dada, Jestival, Bandstand, Restival, Come Dancing, The Rizla Arena, Time For Tease and Loose Tea Party.
Line up.
"There were three surprise guests appearing over the course of the weekend".
Bestival Spring Launch Parties.
These were a new concept for 2007, allowing people to experience the atmosphere of the Bestival around the country in small gigs. Details of the events are listed below -
Saturday 7 April - Komedia, Brighton <br>
Feat. The Cuban Brothers, Sombrero Sound System and Lost & Found.
Saturday 14 April - Mayrhofen, Austria <br>
Feat. Kitty, Daisy & Lewis, The Cuban Brothers, Louie Austen, Rob Da Bank, Dub Pistols and Sombrero Sound System.
Friday 20 April - The Bloomsbury Ballroom, London <br>
Feat. Candie Payne, Dan Le Sac vs Scroobius Pip, Natty, Planning To Rock, Rob Da Bank, Trojan Sound System, Sombrero Sound System.
Thursday 26 April - The Lizard Lounge, Southampton <br>
Feat. DJ Yoda and Tommy Gunn.
Saturday 28 April - Turnmills, London <br>
Feat. Rob Da Bank, Kitty, Daisy and lewis, Dub Pistols and Rodney P.

</doc>
<doc id="9812134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812134" title="Ibanag">
Ibanag

Ibanag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9812146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812146" title="Haven Institute">
Haven Institute

The Haven Institute is a residential learning centre situated on Gabriola Island in the Gulf Islands of British Columbia on the west coast of Canada. Founded by Jock McKeen and Bennet Wong, the centre offers programs for personal and professional purposes, including Certificate and Diploma Programs in Group Facilitation and Counselling Skills.
Institutional Registration and Credits.
"The Haven Institute" is registered in the province of British Columbia as a Private Post-Secondary institution in accordance with the "Private Post-Secondary Education Act of B.C. (SBC CHAP 64)". This registration is governed by the Private Career Training Institutions Agency of B.C.. Some of their programs are approved for continuing education credit credit by the "Canadian Addiction Counsellors Certification Federation (CACCF)", the "Canadian Association of Rehabilitation Professionals (CARP)", and the "Canadian Counselling Association (CCA)" and the "College of Massage Therapists of British Columbia (CMTBC)".
History.
In 1983, two physicians, Bennet Wong and Jock McKeen purchased the "Taylor Bay Lodge" on Gabriola Island, British Columbia, and transformed it into a waterfront resort and conference centre. They called it "a resort with a difference" because people could enter into the activities at whatever level they chose. Some people came with their families to enjoy a country resort; groups and agencies held conferences; others attended the numerous residential self-awareness seminars. Still others returned for training in counseling; currently, 95 people have graduated from the Diploma program offered by "The Haven Institute".
There are over fifty visiting faculty members teaching in this nontraditional, open atmosphere. Some notable ones have been Virginia Satir, Erv and Miriam Polster, Paul Reps, Carl Whitaker, Paul Lowe, James Bugental, Thomas Szasz, Bill O'Hanlon, Maria Gomori and Joanna Macy. The Haven Symposium has featured Joseph Chilton Pearce, Margaret Wheatley, and Dan Millman. The Wong-McKeen Phoenix Auditorium, Haven's performing arts theatre, has seen performances by Ann Mortifee, Laurie Anderson, Eric Bibb, Victor Wooten, Shari Ulrich and Leon Bibb. "The Haven Institute Press" publishes books by founders Bennet Wong and Jock McKeen and others.
The Core Programs for the Institute were developed by McKeen and Wong. Programs have been offered at The Haven with Chinese translation since the early 1990s, and numerous Asian people have attended as participants, and trainees. 
Joann Peterson became the Director of Education in 1992, and oversaw the training of over 1200 interns and assistants in group and individual counselling until her death in 2007. The programs have continued to develop and broaden. 
In 2003, The "Haven Foundation" was established as a federally recognized Canadian nonprofit charity. In 2004, Wong and McKeen and their three sons, transferred the ownership of "The Haven Institute" into the "Haven Foundation" so that the facility and their work could continue in perpetuity under independent guidance., In 2008 The Haven Institute celebrated its 25th anniversary. Participants from all over the world continue to attend both the core programs and other programs offered by visiting faculty. The Haven hosted the "TEDx Gabriola" conference in March 2013.
Teaching principles.
The methods in the courses are derived from a great variety of sources in the fields of humanistic psychology and transpersonal psychology, as well as the more traditional fields of psychology, religious studies, drama, music and art. The techniques used cover a broad spectrum, including gestalt, Reichian body approaches, acupuncture, psychodrama, psychosynthesis, role playing, family therapy, fantasy and visualization techniques, video work, theatre games, play therapy and music therapy, all stressing encounter and communication skills. The approaches are educational only, so no therapeutic care is available. 
There are some lectures and discussion groups, but emphasis is upon heuristic education and experiential learning, in which the person is invited to experience situations in which to learn what is needed.

</doc>
<doc id="9812182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812182" title="Niall Patterson">
Niall Patterson

Niall Patterson (born 2 January 1962) is a former hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Antrim senior team.
Patterson made his first appearance for the team during the 1979 "B" championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for over a decade. During that time he won two All-Ireland "B" medals and three Ulster medals.
At club level Patterson is an All-Ireland club medalist with Loughgiel Shamrocks. In addition to this he has also won one Ulster club medal and two county club championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="9812190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812190" title="RoboGames">
RoboGames

RoboGames (previously ROBOlympics) is an annual robot contest held in San Mateo, California. The most recent RoboGames was held April 19-21, 2013.
RoboGames is the world's largest open robot competition (according to the Guinness Book of World Records). Competitions typically involve entrants representing a large selection of countries, who compete in over fifty events, including combat robots, walking humanoids, soccer bots, sumo bots, autonomously navigating robots in RoboMagellan and android kung-fu. About two thirds of the robot events are autonomous, while the remaining third are remotely operated (RCVs). Despite this, a large plurality of entrants in RoboGames remain in the remotely operated events, specifically combat robotics.
RoboGames was selected by "Wired" for their list of "The Best Ten North American Geek Fests".
Background.
RoboGames was founded as the ROBOlympics in 2004 by David Calkins, with the intention of creating cross-pollination between events and disciplines, where builders from combat robotics (mechanical engineering), soccer robotics (computer programming), sumo robotics (sensors), androids (motion control), and art robots (aesthetics) could collaborate and exchange ideas.
Media coverage.
In May/June 2011, Science Channel broadcast selected heavyweight combat division matches from RoboGames in a one-hour special titled "Killer Robots: RoboGames 2011". The program was hosted by Grant Imahara of the Mythbusters.

</doc>
<doc id="9812205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812205" title="Transition dipole moment">
Transition dipole moment

The Transition dipole moment or Transition moment, usually denoted formula_1 for a transition between an initial state, formula_2, and a final state, formula_3, is the electric dipole moment associated with the transition between the two states. In general the transition dipole moment is a complex vector quantity that includes the phase factors associated with the two states. Its direction gives the polarization of the transition, which determines how the system will interact with an electromagnetic wave of a given polarization, while the square of the magnitude gives the strength of the interaction due to the distribution of charge within the system. The SI unit of the transition dipole moment is the Coulomb-meter (Cm); a more conveniently sized unit is the Debye (D).
Definition.
A single charged particle.
For a transition where a single charged particle changes state from formula_4 to formula_5, the transition dipole moment is
where "q" is the particle's charge, r is its position, and the integral is over all space (formula_7 is shorthand for formula_8). The transition dipole moment is a vector; for example its "x"-component is
In other words, a transition dipole moment is simply an off-diagonal matrix element of the position operator, multiplied by the particle's charge.
Multiple charged particles.
When the transition involves more than one charged particle, the transition dipole moment is defined in an analogous way to an electric dipole moment: The sum of the positions, weighted by charge. If the "i"th particle has charge "q"i and position operator ri, then the transition dipole moment is:
In terms of momentum.
For a single, nonrelativistic particle of mass "m", in zero magnetic field, the transition dipole moment can alternatively be written in terms of the momentum operator, using the relationship
This relationship can be proven starting from the commutation relation between position "x" and the Hamiltonian H:
Then
However, assuming that "ψa" and "ψb" are energy eigenstates with energy "Ea" and "Eb", we can also write
Similar relations hold for "y" and "z", which together give the relationship above.
Analogy with a classical dipole.
A basic, phenomenological understanding of the transition dipole moment can be obtained by analogy with a classical dipole. While the comparison can be very useful, care must be taken to ensure that one does not fall into the trap of assuming they are the same.
In the case of two classical point charges, formula_16 and formula_17, with a displacement vector, formula_18, pointing from the negative charge to the positive charge, the electric dipole moment is given by
In the presence of an electric field, such as that due to an electromagnetic wave, the two charges will experience a force in opposite directions, leading to a net torque on the dipole. The magnitude of the torque is proportional to both the magnitude of the charges and the separation between them, and varies with the relative angles of the field and the dipole:
Similarly, the coupling between an electromagnetic wave and an atomic transition with transition dipole moment formula_1 depends on the charge distribution within the atom, the strength of the electric field, and the relative polarizations of the field and the transition. In addition, the transition dipole moment depends on the geometries and relative phases of the initial and final states.
Origin.
When an atom or molecule interacts with an electromagnetic wave of frequency formula_22, it can undergo a transition from an initial to a final state of energy difference formula_23 through the coupling of the electromagnetic field to the transition dipole moment. When this transition is from a lower energy state to a higher energy state, this results in the absorption of a photon. A transition from a higher energy state to a lower energy state results in the emission of a photon. If the charge, formula_24, is omitted from the electric dipole operator during this calculation, one obtains formula_25 as used in oscillator strength.
Applications.
The transition dipole moment is useful for determining if transitions are allowed under the electric dipole interaction. For example, the transition from a bonding formula_26 orbital to an antibonding formula_27 orbital is allowed because the integral defining the transition dipole moment is nonzero. Such a transition occurs between an even and an odd orbital; the dipole operator is an odd function of formula_18, hence the integrand is an even function. The integral of an odd function over symmetric limits returns a value of zero, while for an even function this is not "necessarily" the case. This result is reflected in the parity selection rule for electric dipole transitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9812232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812232" title="Grace Livingston Hill">
Grace Livingston Hill

Grace Livingston Hill (April 16, 1865 — 1947) was an early 20th-century novelist and wrote both under her real name and the pseudonym Marcia Macdonald. She wrote over 100 novels and numerous short stories. Her characters were most often young female Christian women or those who become so within the confines of the story.
Family.
Grace Livingston Hill was born in Wellsville, New York to Presbyterian minister Charles Montgomery Livingston and his wife, Marcia Macdonald Livingston - both of them being writers. So was her aunt Isabella Macdonald Alden, who wrote under her pseudonym "Pansy" and for whom Grace Livingston Hill later finished her autobiographical last book.
Writing career.
Hill's first novel was written to make enough money for a vacation to Chautauqua in New York while the family was living in Florida. Lack of funds was a frequent motivator, particularly after the death of her first husband left her with two small children and no income other than that from her writing. After the death of Hill's father, her mother came to live with her. This prompted Hill to write more frequently. During and after her failed ten-year marriage to second husband Flavius Josephus Lutz, a church organist 15 years her junior, she continued to write to support her children and mother. Although they never did get divorced, Grace Livingston Hill stopped using his surname after he left in May 1914.
Although many of her earlier novels were specifically intended to proselytize, Hill's publishers frequently removed overt references to religious themes. After her publishers realized the popularity of her books, references to religious topics were allowed to remain, although she later modified her writing style to appeal to a more secular audience. The last Grace Livingston Hill book, "Mary Arden", was finished by her daughter Ruth Livingston Hill and published in 1947.
Themes.
Good and Evil.
Hill's messages are quite simplistic in nature: good versus evil. As Hill believed the Bible was very clear about what was good and evil in life, she reflected that cut-and-dried design in her own works. She wrote about a variety of different subjects, almost always with a romance worked into the message and often essential to the return to grace on the part of one or several characters.
Redemption.
If her clear-cut descriptions of evil in man and woman were Hill’s primary subjects in her novels, a secondary subject would always be God’s ability to restore. Hill aimed for a happy, or at least satisfactory, ending to any situation, often focusing on characters' new or renewed faith as impetus for resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="9812278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812278" title="From A to Z">
From A to Z

From A to Z is a musical revue with a book by Woody Allen, Herbert Farjeon, and Nina Warner Hook and songs by Jerry Herman, Fred Ebb, Mary Rodgers, Everett Sloane, Jay Thompson, Dickson Hughes, Jack Holmes, Paul Klein, Norman Martin, William Dyer, and Charles Zwar.
Background.
Hermione Gingold was asked to appear in a revue on Broadway by millionaires (and producers) Carroll Masterson and Harris Masterson and she asked her friend, Christopher Hewett to direct. Hewitt in turn recruited some of the cast and crew from Tamiment (an entertainment camp run in the summer), including the young Jonathan Tunick, then a Juilliard student, as co-orchestrator with Jay Brower.
Production.
The revue had its out-of-town tryout at the Shubert Theatre, New Haven, Connecticut starting on March 26.
"From A to Z" opened on Broadway at the Plymouth Theatre on April 20, 1960 and closed on May 7, 1960 after 21 performances. Directed by Christopher Hewett and choreographed by Ray Harrison, the cast included Hermione Gingold, Stuart Damon, Bob Dishy, Larry Hovis, Virginia Vestoff, Alvin Epstein and Paula Stewart. 
Although a critical and commercial failure, the show is notable in that it marked the Broadway debuts of writer Allen, lyricist Ebb, composer Herman, ("Also making their mainstream debuts: Fred Ebb and Woody Allen.")and performer Virginia Vestoff.
Plot overview.
In one sketch, Gingold and Epstein played two wealthy hypocondriacs who compare their X-rays.
Reception.
Brooks Atkinson in his "The New York Times" review noted that "There is no official writer; there is no house composer. Perhaps this is the reason the revue represents no point of view... Gingold is a comic of vast self-assurance who has very little variety." Atkinson praised the scenery and costumes ("Mr. Voelpel's costumes are also superb") and the performances of Alvin Epstein and Paula Stewart. 
In its review roundup, "The New York Times" reported that "Only John McClain of the "Journal-American" gave hearty support to this new revue starring Hermione Gingold."
The "Billboard" reviewer noted that Gingold "displayed much keen sense of comedy; but one bright artist cannot make the production ... the scenes were not very titillating ... Musically, the individual songs were not distinctive." 

</doc>
<doc id="9812280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812280" title="Jeff Ray">
Jeff Ray

Jeff Ray is the head men and women's golf coach, life skills coordinator, and former head basketball coach at Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas. On January 8, 2002, he was named the school's Director of Athletics. He took over the reins of the men's basketball program a year and a half later and became the head golf coach in 2006. Ray has now been a part of the MSU athletics family as a player, coach, or administrator for 19 of the past 23 years.
Playing history.
Ray earned all-state accolades as a prep senior at Archer City High School, located just south of Wichita Falls. Ray helped the Wildcats win 44 consecutive district games while playing for his father, Bobby.
Ray started his college basketball career at Midland Junior College and Cooke County College, but transferred to MSU in 1982 to play for NAIA Hall of Fame coach Dr. Gerald Stockton. During his senior season, Ray helped the Indians post a 25-16 mark and make an appearance in the 1984 NAIA National Tournament.
Coaching history.
Following his senior year, Ray stayed at MSU for two more seasons to serve as a graduate assistant under women’s basketball coach Kim Griffee.
Ray then moved to Lon Morris College in Jacksonville, Texas, where he was an assistant coach under Vic Trilli for two seasons.
Ray returned to MSU in 1988 to become Dr. Gerald Stockton's full-time assistant coach. Ray helped Stockton get the Indians program back on a winning track and make appearances in the NAIA National Tournament semifinals in 1993 and 1994.
Ray took on the additional duties of coaching the women's program in the 1992-93 and 1993-94 seasons. Ray's two seasons at the Lady Indians helm were two of the program's finest ever, with his teams posting 22-8 and 28-6 records and qualifying for the NAIA national tournament both seasons. Ray also coached the Lady Indians only 1st Team NAIA All-Americans in Serena Carter (1993) and Lynn Buckmaster (1994).
Following the retirement of Stockton in 1994, Ray relinquished the reins of the women's program to take over the men's team. Over the course of six years, Ray's teams posted a record of 118-60, a winning percentage of .663. Ray's teams averaged nearly 20 wins per season and made two appearances in the NAIA National Tournament and two appearances in the NCAA Division II national tournament.
Ray then spent a season at the University of North Texas as an assistant coach, again under Vic Trilli, and about six months in the private sector before returning to MSU in 2002.
In Ray's first season back as head coach the Indians compiled a 16-12 record and finished fourth in the Lone Star Conference South Division.
Ray lead the men's basketball team to their fourth conference championship in March 2009. A little more than two weeks later, he stepped down as head basketball coach. He compiled a record of 230-121 in the 12 seasons that he was head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9812281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812281" title="Arizona State Route 186">
Arizona State Route 186

State Route 186 (SR 186) is a highway in Cochise County, Arizona that runs from its junction with Interstate 10 in Willcox to its junction with SR 181 west of the Chiricahua National Monument. It is a northwest-southeast diagonal route.
Route description.
The western terminus of SR 186 is located at an interchange with I-10 in Willcox. It heads east from I-10 along Rex Allen Drive to an intersection with the business loop of I-10. SR 186 heads southwest from this insersection concurrent with I-10 Bus. until it reaches Maley Street. At this intersection, SR 186 follows Maley Street to the southeast as I-10 Bus. continues to the southwest. SR 186 heads southeast from Willcox until it curves towards the east at an intersection with Kansas Settlement Road. The highway continues on this heading until it curves towards the south after passing through Dos Cabezas. The highway curves back towards the southeast until it curves back towards the south near its eastern terminus. The eastern terminus of SR 186 is located at ain intersection with SR 181 west of the Chiricahua National Monument.
Aside from its endpoint in Willcox, SR 186 passes through only sparsely populated terrain, and there are no other cities or towns along the route. It serves primarily as an access road for the monument, providing a more convenient route for travellers coming from the north.
History.
The route was added the Arizona's state highway system in 1955, when a county road was given rights to the Arizona Department of Transportation. The highway was paved from Willcox southeast for approximately four miles in 1960 before being moved a year later. The highway was then reextended into the city of Willcox in 1968 and formally established as a state highway in 1970, when the definition of a state highway was refined in 1970. Since then, there have been no routing changes on SR 186.

</doc>
<doc id="9812355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812355" title="Pat McGee">
Pat McGee

Pat McGee is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9812356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812356" title="25 Watts">
25 Watts

25 watts is a 2001 Uruguayan urban comedy drama film directed and written by Juan Pablo Rebella and Pablo Stoll. The independent film picture stars Daniel Hendler, Jorge Temponi, and Alfonso Tort. The film received a total of ten awards and three additional nominations, including Best Feature Film Award at the Rotterdam International Film Festival, Best First Feature Film Award at the Havana Film Festival, and others.
Plot.
The film covers 24 hours in the life of three street youths in Montevideo. The story is about three young boys, Leche, Javi and Seba, trying to survive until Sunday. They have a lot of problems regarding studies, girls, and their lives consist mostly of drinking or sleeping or meeting strange people like the crazy delivery boy, a retarded drug addict, and a philosophical counter clerk at a video rental store.
Javi has landed a job driving a sound truck that plays the same radio spot for pasta all day long, while his buddy Leche, who is supposed to be studying for his exams, instead finds himself having sexual fantasies about his tutor, and Seba is waylaid by a handful of small-time dope dealers when all he wants to do is go home and watch the porno movie he's just rented.
Exhibition.
The film first previewed at the Rotterdam International Film Festival in the Netherlands on January 28, 2001 but was not released fully in Uruguay until June 1.
The picture was screened at various film festivals, including: the Karlovy Vary Film Festiva, Czech Republic; the Helsinki International Film Festival, Finland; the Warsaw Film Festival, Poland; the Medellín de Película, Colombia; the Latin America Film Festival, Poland; and others.
Critical reception.
Deborah Young, film critic for "Variety" magazine and reporting from the Rotterdam Film Festival, gave the film a mixed review and wrote, "A rare offering from Uruguay, "25 Watts" dully portrays the dim lives of three teenage boys in a sleepy Montevideo neighborhood. With no story to tell, tyro co-directors Juan Pablo Rebella and Pablo Stoll place far too much faith in hang-dog, Jim Jarmusch-style humor, emphasized by repetitious dialog, flat B&W lensing, and limited sets. Pic—which won one of the three Tiger Awards and the Youth Jury Prize at Rotterdam—lacks the spark of inspiration that would make this formula work, and most viewers are likely to run for cover well before the end."
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9812416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812416" title="Guy Browning">
Guy Browning

Guy Browning (born 1964 in Chipping Norton) is a humorist, after-dinner speaker and film director. He wrote the "How To.." column in "The Guardian" from 1999-2009. Before that he wrote about office politics and social climbing. He currently lives in Kingston Bagpuize in Oxfordshire.
Early life.
He was born in Botley, Oxfordshire, and was educated at Magdalen College School and Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford. He started out in the comedy duo Dross Bros with Patrick Marber. The two fell out and Browning went into advertising with Darcy Macius Benton Bowles where he was responsible for the line, "Delicious Meaty Chunks in a Nutritious Gravy". He went on to become the Creative Director of Added Value before setting up his own business, Smokehouse, in 1997.
Radio.
Browning is a regular on BBC Radio 4, ("Small Talk" – 2003) and "Weak at the Top" ran for two series in 2005/6 starring Alexander Armstrong. John Weak works for Smokehouse, which is the name of Guy Browning's real business.
Writing.
Browning combines a serious career as a business writer with books such as "Innervation: Rewire Yourself for the New Economy" (Momentum 2003) and "Grass Roots Management" (Prentice Hall 2002), with humorous columns, like the "Weak at the Top in Management Today".
His books collecting his Guardian columns, "Never Hit a Jellyfish with a Spade" and "Never Push When it Says Pull", were bestsellers. His work has been translated into eight languages. His latest book, "Maps of My Life", was published in October 2008.
His humour is gentle and incisive; he steers clear of political comedy and cruelty. His lines appear regularly in books of quotations.
In June 2009, Browning began directing his first film Tortoise in Love set in and around Kingston Bagpuize.
On Thursday 24 May 2012, the village of Kingston Bagpuize decamped en masse to view the premiere of Tortoise in Love, as part of the opening of the newly refurbished Leicester Square in London. The film had a UK release in July 2012 and went on to be released in the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="9812427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812427" title="Anatoliy Korobochka">
Anatoliy Korobochka

Anatoliy Vasylyovych Korobochka () (born 5 January 1955 in Simferopol, USSR, now Ukraine) is a former Midfielder, and was formerly the Director of Football at Heart of Midlothian football club in Scotland. 
Korobochka has played for Tavriya Simferopol, CSKA Moscow, SKA Odessa, and numerous clubs in GDR. After retiring from playing in 1991 he moved into coaching with CSKA Moscow, coaching their reserve team. Afterwards he became head of player development for them. In 1998 he became head-coach of Tavriya Simferopol. This was followed by brief spells with Spartak-Chukotka and FC Reutov, where was also a general director. Over the years he held the administrator position at CSKA Moscow and Torpedo Moscow.
Korobochka arrived at Heart of Midlothian in 2006 as Director of Football along with Sport Director Alex Koslovski and Eduard Malofeev, the consultant who himself had an unsuccessful six-game spell as interim head coach in October 2006.
On 30 July 2007 it was confirmed that Korobochka would take permanent charge of Hearts for the 2007-08 season, joint with Stephen Frail who had acted as Interim assistant coach the previous season. Their reign ended on 1 January 2008 following five consecutive defeats. Frail became caretaker manager, whilst Korobochka retained his position as Director of Football. On 22 July 2009 Hearts announced he had left this position. After that, he managed FC Gornyak Uchaly.
Public Downfall.
Anatoliy Korobochka was at the 2005 Montana were he was heavily drinking,reports claim he was drinking from a bottle of tequila trying oh so hard to get the worm.That was when he ran into famous actor Al Pacino. Anatoliy insisted the he do his character from the 1983 film Scarface. Al Pacino refused and this led Anatoliy to assault the actor in a way one reporter described as "Extremely horrific and some what erotic."The police arrived shortly there after taking away the drunken Anatoliy and reviving an almost dead Al Pacino.
After that Anatoliy appeared in the news many times.The majority his arrest come from him disturbing the peace in local areas,mostly bars.He is found ranting madly about his long lost love Al and wishes him to come home.Al Pacino has declined an interview.Another notable account is when he was found recreating a scene from the movie American Psycho where Patrick Bateman cuts off his co workers head while licensing to Huey Lewis and the News.He was founding this to stolen Stuffed animals.
In 2013 joined the Yosum Museum of Messy Native Americans(Y.M.O.M.N.A).He has become a strong protester against Genocide,mainly native american.Yet a strong lover of Andrew Jackson, even having a back tattoo.But recently has been banned form the Sherlock forums for unknown reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9812436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812436" title="Arizona State Route 189">
Arizona State Route 189

State Route 189 (SR 189) is a highway in Santa Cruz County, Arizona that runs from its junction with Interstate 19 to the US-Mexico Border. It is a north–south route for its entirety.
The highway is a portion of, and the southern terminus of the United States section of the CANAMEX Corridor, a trade corridor that stretches north from Mexico across the United States to the Canadian province of Alberta.
Route description.
SR 189 is a state highway that is completely within the city limits of Nogales. The southern terminus is located at the Mexico border. From the border, the highway heads north before curving towards the east to an interchange with I-19. SR 189 continues east from the interchange to its northern terminus at a business loop of I-19. It also serves as a bypass route for truck traffic to and from Mexico, avoiding the busier border crossing at North Grand Ave in central Nogales.
History.
The route was originally established as a state highway in 1956, from Interstate 19 in Nogales to U.S. Route 89. In 1974, the route was formally established in the city of Nogales with its current routing from the Mexican border to I-19 Business.

</doc>
<doc id="9812473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812473" title="Walter C. Lanyon">
Walter C. Lanyon

Walter Clemow Lanyon (October 27, 1887 - July 4, 1967) was the author of more than 40 books on New Thought spirituality. All his books are about Christian maturity for the Body of Christ (the Church).
History.
Little is known about Lanyon's personal life except that he was an Englishman of Cornish stock born in the United States in 1887. He was educated in the USA, France, and England, and served as interpreter and foreign correspondent. For decades he traveled all over the world, investigating and studying the various presentations of Christian-based mystical teachings. He traveled and lectured all over the world. His lectures were based, he said, "solely on the revelation of Jesus Christ." 
While most of his writings are now out of print, those still available are heralded largely by proponents of New Thought Movement, due mainly to Lanyon's message of self-reliance and the seeking of "Christ consciousness" within.
In addition to his books, Lanyon was credited with having written two light operas as well as several secular stories, plays and articles, all of which are now lost. This is also true of paintings he is said to have exhibited in Europe and the USA. 
Lanyon died in California on July 4, 1967 at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="9812474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812474" title="Kawasaki Ninja ZX-9R">
Kawasaki Ninja ZX-9R

The Kawasaki ZX-9R was a sport bike manufactured by Japanese company Kawasaki from 1994 to 2003. There were five model incarnations across two basic designs. 
Introduction.
Kawasaki developed the model in response to Honda's introduction of the CBR900RR FireBlade for the 1992 model year. Prior to the advent of the FireBlade, large-capacity Japanese sports motorcycles had become polarised. On one side were the 750 cc sport bikes, influenced by Endurance racing and the World Superbike Championship. On the other, the "big-bore" 1,000 cc-plus sports-tourers had become the natural evolution of the performance bikes of the preceding 20 years. In simple terms, the 750s had the handling, the big-bores had the power. In both categories, Kawasaki ruled. The ZXR750 offered the technology and the performance of ultra-expensive racing-homologation models from Honda and Yamaha at half the price, and it outclassed the similarly priced GSX-R750 of the time, which still featured a perimeter frame and an oil-cooled engine, while the ZZ-R1100 held the title of the fastest production motorcycle on Earth.
The FireBlade packaged a 900 cc engine into a 750 cc sport bike chassis. It combined big-bore power with sport bike handling, but, crucially, it also pioneered meticulous attention to weight-saving design. The FireBlade not only outpowered the 750's, it was also significantly lighter. This was the detail overlooked or underappreciated by Kawasaki when they set out to build their FireBlade-beater. In building the first ZX-9R, Kawasaki combined their class-leading big-bore, the ZZR1100, with their class-leading 750, the ZXR750, rather than commit to an entirely new design.
The result was a big motorcycle; despite weight-saving measures like magnesium engine covers, its quoted dry weight was , almost heavier than the FireBlade. It made around at the rear wheel on the dyno, between 10 and more than the FireBlade, but this advantage in power could not make up for its size, weight and reduced agility. Rather than be a direct competitor, the ZX-9R was retained as a more stable and more comfortable alternative to the Honda, with more straight-line speed.
The road-going bias is evident through the raised clipons and more upright seating positions.
Model History.
ZX900 (1994).
The first ZX-9R could be seen as a ZXR750 incorporating a number of ZZ-R1100 design features. The wheels (three-spoke cast aluminium alloy 3.5-inch x 17-inch front and 5.5-inch x 17-inch rear), front forks (fully adjustable 43 mm upside-down KYB) and unbraced fabricated aluminium box-section swingarm with fully adjustable remote-reservoir KYB monoshock were direct carry-overs from the ZXR. Importantly, the twin-piston rear Tokico caliper no longer mounted via a torque arm, and the clip-on handlebars mounted above the top triple clamp, not below. The four-piston Tokico front calipers and 320 mm front discs were common to the ZZ-R and the ZXR.
The frame was a welded aluminium-alloy dual-beam with cast steering head and swingarm endplates, but with steel-tube engine cradles and swingarm-mount endplates extending back to support the rider's seat and attach the bolt-on subframe, like the ZZ-R1100.
The engine was 899 cc. The crankcases, clutch and gearbox were carried over from the ZXR750, with a longer-throw crank and a bigger-bore, taller cylinder block for the larger capacity. The cylinder head was externally highly similar to the ZXR, as well, but incorporated rocker valve actuation like the ZZ-R1100 instead of the ZXR's direct actuation. Redline was 12,000 rpm against the FireBlades 10,500 rpm. Induction was by 40 mm Keihin CVKD carburettors, and the engine breathed through a 10-litre airbox fed by dual ram-air intakes on the nose of the bike, under the single headlight, via ducts passing back and over the frame beams near the steering head, like on the ZZ-R.
ZX900B3 (1996) and ZX900B4 (1997).
Detail changes. Power increased from 139 to . The rear suspension linkage and rear spring rate were replaced, improving handling. Pillion grab rails were added, the gearboxes were made stronger, and new six-piston Tokico front calipers replaced the previous model's four-piston units. The weight of the bike increased to .
ZX900C1 (1998) and ZX900C2 (1999).
Engine bore, stroke and redline remained unchanged; everything else was completely new. The clutch was changed from hydraulic to cable-operated. The generator was moved from behind the cylinder to the more conventional location at the left end of the crank. There was now no balance shaft. The valvetrain switched to direct valve actuation, and the cylinder head was plumbed for then-new plug-top ignition coils, replacing more conventional remote coils and high-tension leads. Notably, the new engine also featured a Hall-type cam position sensor on the exhaust camshaft. Cam position sensors are typically used in conjunction with electronic fuel injection. As the ZX900C featured induction by Keihin 40 mm CVKD carburettors, a cam position sensor wasn't necessary. Its inclusion could indicate that Kawasaki had designs to include fuel injection on the engine in the future, but this did not happen until the 2003 introduction of the Z1000, which uses a bored-out ex-ZX-9R engine with a side-draught cylinder head.
The frame lost the steel engine cradles, but also its bolt-on subframe and the rear ride height adjuster. The swingarm was a new unbraced, rectangular-section extruded design. The wheel sizes were the same, but the wheels were a new, lighter design. The brake calipers carried over, but the discs were smaller and lighter without stopping power being affected. New 46 mm right-way-up KYB forks replaced the heavier, though stiffer 43 mm upside down forks on the B model. The rear shock absorber changed from a remote-reservoir to a lighter, more compact piggyback design. The wheelbase dropped 30 mm to .
Overall, with a factory-quoted dry weight of , the C-model weighed less fully fuelled than the first B-model weighed dry.
Visually, the new bike retained the rounded look of its predecessor, but became sleeker, with a slimmer tail unit and a smaller fairing. As a consequence of the smaller engine and shorter wheelbase, though, the fuel tank became wider and intruded more on the riding position than before.
ZX900E1 (2000) and ZX900E2 (2001).
A dramatic new look was introduced for the 2000 model, with distinctive twin headlights and a separate ram-air intake replacing the single headlight and integrated intake of the C-model. The engine gained a few horsepower from slightly shorter length CVRD 40 mm carburettors, a compression ratio increase from a lower duration intake cam, which increased cranking compression. Further improvements were aimed primarily at handling. 
The frame was made stiffer through the enlarging of the front engine mounting bolts, though this still left the ZX-9R with just a single front engine mount on either side of the frame. Further, the rubber bushings in the top rear engine mount were changed to alloy. This combined to make the engine's contribution to the stiffness of the frame/engine unit greater.
The swingarm pivot and wheel spindles were made larger in diameter, again for more stiffness. Increased offset on the triple clamps reduced the trail on the front wheel to make the steering more agile. The forks were shortened to save weight, and the rear shock top mount was redesigned to incorporate a ride-height adjuster.
ZX900F1 (2002) and ZX900F2 (2003).
Changes to the 2002–2003 ZX-9R included a new tail fairing, a single piece front mudguard, the loss of the passenger grab handles and the B/C/E model H-bar mirror bracket. Mechanical additions included a strengthened swingarm (by a claimed 20%) and rear shock with a side facing fluid reservoir, stiffened frame with relocated solid engine mounts, increased trail and reduced fork offset, and new Nissin four-piston caliper brakes and 320 mm discs at the front wheel. Slight engine modifications included a return to the B/C model style Keihin CVKD carburettor and a 10% heavier crankshaft offset by a reduced diameter flywheel reported to help the engine spin up quicker, boosting low and mid-range torque. 
Though subtle, California (U.S.) specific models included catalytic converters and carburettors with electronic fuel cut off solenoids. In 2004 the ZX-9R was replaced with the ZX-10R. 
Year 2002 ZX9R Specifications 
Engine Liquid-cooled, four-stroke, transverse four-cylinder, DOHC, 4 valves per cylinder.
Capacity 899 
Bore x Stroke 75 x 50.9 mm 
Compression Ratio 12.2:1 
Induction 4x 40 mm Keihin CVKD carbs 
Ignition / Starting Digital / electric 
Max Power 144 hp 105 kW @ 11000 rpm 
Max Torque 101 Nm @ 11000 rpm 
Transmission / Drive 6 Speed / chain 
Front Suspension 46 mm fully adjustable cartridge fork, preload compression and rebound adjustable. 
Rear Suspension Bottom-Link Uni-Trak rising rate mono shock, preload compression, rebound and ride height adjustable. 
Front Brakes 2x 310 mm discs 6 piston calipers 
Rear Brakes Single 220 mm disc 1 piston caliper 
Front Tyre 120/70 ZR17 
Rear Tyre 190/50 ZR17 
Seat Height 827 mm 
Dry-Weight 186 kg 
Fuel Capacity 19 Litres 
Consumption average 18.7 km/lit, Max w/Calif. U.S. models 23.0 km/lit
Standing ¼ Mile 10.6 sec 
Top Speed 281.6 km/h / 174.98 mp/h

</doc>
<doc id="9812527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812527" title="Klaus Bender">
Klaus Bender

Klaus W. Bender is a German financial journalist and author, best known for writing the book "Moneymakers: The Secret World of Banknote Printing".
Early life.
He was born in 1938 in Darmstadt, county of Hesse. Bender studied economics at Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich and, later, at University of Cologne, financing his entire studies by working as a factory hand and office clerk. After graduation in 1964, with an MA in business administration, he immediately joined the research institute of the Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung (FESt), one of the largest German political foundations, which in 1966 dispatched him to its newly opened regional office in Tokyo, Japan.
Career.
Germany.
In 1970, Bender left FESt in order to become a journalist, a move he had planned for a long time. Initially, he reported from Tokyo on Japanese economic affairs as a freelance journalist for about 20 German and Swiss newspapers but soon was hired by "Der Spiegel", Germany's most prominent weekly magazine, and simultaneously by "Handelsblatt", one of Germany's leading economic dailies, as a freelance (economic) writer with a fixed retainer fee. In 1972, upon invitation from the board of publishers, Bender joined "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" (FAZ), Germany's leading daily (conservative) paper. He now reported on an exclusive basis for FAZ on politics, economics, and culture in the Asian region. Assignments by FAZ sent him to all countries of East and Southeast Asia, with the exception of war-torn Indochina. Highlights were trips to mainland China (repeatedly), to North Korea, and to the Soviet Far East. All at that time were regions still closed to visitors from the West.
Italy.
After 14 years in Japan, Bender in 1980 asked for a transfer back to Europe. He was reassigned as economics correspondent of FAZ in Rome, covering Italy and selected countries around the Mediterranean Basin. Although Bender considered the years passed in Italy as particularly happy and enriching, the fall of the Wall in Berlin induced him to ask in 1992, for a transfer to Eastern Europe. As economics correspondent of FAZ for Eastern and Southeastern Europe, he now accompanied the countries in the Prague-Bucarest-Belgrade triangle on their painful road of transition from Soviet oppression to a free market system and parliamentary democracy.
Misprint of euro.
In the year 2000 Bender asked to be relieved of his duties as a full-time reporter in order to have more time for writing a non-fiction book about the arcane international high security printing industry that prints our banknotes, passports, and credit cards. However, he remained affiliated with FAZ as a reporter for specialized topics. In view of the upcoming common European currency, Bender as early as 1996 had started collecting material for a book on this subject even though frequent travelling for his newspaper made this additional task very difficult. As one result of this research, Bender in 2000, broke in FAZ the story of the misprint of more than 300 million pieces of 100-euro banknotes by Germany's high security printer Giesecke & Devrient. Bender's story went around the world, forcing the Munich-based company to recall the affected banknotes from the European Central Bank, and adding the missing security feature at an estimated additional cost of 15 million euro. Later it was Bender, who with several pieces published by FAZ, for the first time publicly denounced the shocking events surrounding the privatization of Bundesdruckerei, Berlin. This highly reputed German state banknote printer, because of the greed and incompetence of the people involved in the privatization process, was brought to the brink of collapse. It was one of the biggest economic scandals in post-war Germany.
Published book.
In 2004, Bender published the result of many years of research in German language in his book "Geldmacher, das geheimste Gewerbe der Welt", published by Wiley-VCH, Weinheim (Germany). This first book published worldwide on the extremely secretive high security printing industry was applauded even by the sensitive industry itself, and was on the list of bestsellers (economics) in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. In 2006, Bender published an up-dated version in English titled "Moneymakers: The Secret World of Banknote Printing", again with Wiley-VCH. In this English version, based on technical facts, Bender, for the first time presented the massive doubts harboured by the high security printing industry and European police forces concerning the American accusations that North Korea is counterfeiting US 50- and 100-dollar bills on a large scale. These counterfeits called "supernotes" are of such high quality that even seasoned experts of banknote printing cannot distinguish them from a genuine note. More detailed information on this extremely touchy issue, obtained by Bender after the English version had gone to print, was published in two separate articles in FAZ (February 2006, January 2007), and in the Swiss paper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" (February 2007). In these articles Bender also alleges that "supernotes" are actually produced by CIA in a facility near Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="9812532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812532" title="Milka Canić">
Milka Canić

Milka Canić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милка Цанић; born 18 July 1944) is the supervisor of the popular Serbian TV quiz show "TV Slagalica" (formerly known as "Muzička Slagalica").
"TV Slagalica" is aired every day at 19:00 CET on RTS channel 1 since 1993.
Career.
Canić graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philology. She worked as a professor of Serbian language at the gymnasium in Priština, Military gymnasium in Belgrade and the XV Belgrade gymnasium.
Canić worked for five years on RTS program ""Srbija danas"" ("Serbia today"), and after that she became part of "Slagalica" crew about 10 years ago, and has gained enormous popularity in Serbia since then. Her face may be seen at the beginning of the "TV Slagalica" episode every day, when she says her trademark sentence ""Dobro veče"" (Good Evening). Her unique smile is one of the most recognizable ones on Serbian TV.
On 2008 Serbian parliamentary election Milka Canić was a candidate of the Democratic Party of Serbia (DSS). In 2008, Milka said "Dobro veče" in the TV commercial for Volksbank and for "Yoginos" fruit yoghurt. She is the idol of many generations in Serbia esspecially for her 12 year long opening sentence ""Dobro veče""
She might be easily the most popular Serbian meme.

</doc>
<doc id="9812610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812610" title="Faculty of Political Science, Ankara University">
Faculty of Political Science, Ankara University

Mekteb-i Mülkiye, established on February 12, 1859 in Istanbul, was a vocational high school in the Ottoman Empire. Following the foundation of the Republic, the school moved in 1936 to Cebeci quarter in Ankara. On December 4, 1938, the school was renamed "School of Political Sciences" (). Finally on April 3, 1950, it was incorporated into Ankara University as the Faculty of Political Sciences (, SBF).
Today, at the institution, which is the core of the modern Ankara University, disciplines like finance, economics, political science, public administration, business management, labor economics and international relations are taught.
Notable alumni.
The Faculty's graduates hold many key positions and posts in the ministries of Foreign Affairs, Interior and Finance as well as principal banks and private corporations, and the alumni of the school include numerous premiers, cabinet ministers, deputies of the Grand National Assembly, ambassadors, governors, journalists and leading economists.

</doc>
<doc id="9812706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812706" title="Vilho Luolajan-Mikkola">
Vilho Luolajan-Mikkola

Vilho Luolajan-Mikkola (22 December 1911 – 14 November 2005) was a Finnish composer of contemporary classical music.
Luolajan-Mikkola studied composition under Aarre Merikanto and Selim Palmgren. One of his most famous works is the song cycle "Koiruoho, ruusunkukka", which was completed in 1977. 
Luolajan-Mikkola's other musical output includes woodwind music among others. He was an active composer until his last years, and the song "Hiljentyen" dates from 2001. Luolajan-Mikkola died in 2005, at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="9812712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812712" title="Tooth brushing">
Tooth brushing

Tooth brushing is a form of hygiene, in which a person cleans their teeth with a toothbrush.
Modern medical research has shown that brushing teeth properly can prevent cavities, and periodontal, or gum disease, which causes at least one-third of adult tooth loss. If teeth are not brushed correctly and frequently, it could lead to the calcification of saliva minerals, forming tartar. Poor dental health has been associated with heart disease and shortened life expectancy. 
Brushing one's teeth has long been considered an important part of dental care. As long ago as 3000 BC ancient Egyptians constructed crude toothbrushes from twigs and leaves to clean their teeth. Similarly, other cultures such as the Greeks, Romans, and Indians cleaned their teeth with twigs. Some would fray one end of the twig so that it could penetrate between the teeth more effectively.
Modern day toothbrushing as a regular habit became prevalent in Europe from the end of the 17th century. The first mass-produced toothbrush was developed in England in 1780. In the United States, although toothbrushes were available at the end of the 19th century, the practice did not become widespread until after the Second World War, when US soldiers continued the toothbrushing that had been required during their military service.
Toothbrush.
The "toothbrush" is an instrument used to clean teeth, consisting of a small brush on a handle. Toothpaste, often containing fluoride, is commonly added to a toothbrush to aid in cleaning. Toothbrushes are offered with varying textures of bristles, and come in many different forms and sizes. Most dentists recommend using a toothbrush labelled "Soft", since firmer bristled toothbrushes can damage tooth enamel and irritate gums as indicated by the American Dental Association. Toothbrushes are often made from synthetic fibers, although natural toothbrushes are also known in many parts of the world. Those with dentures may also brush their teeth with traditional tooth brushes, specially made denture brushes or denture cleaners.
Toothpaste.
"Toothpaste" is a paste or gel dentifrice used to clean and improve the aesthetic appearance and health of teeth. It is almost always used in conjunction with a toothbrush. Toothpaste use can promote good oral hygiene: it can aid in the removal of dental plaque and food from the teeth, it can aid in the elimination and/or masking of halitosis when tonsil stones are not the cause, and it can deliver active ingredients such as fluoride to prevent tooth and gum (Gingiva) disease.
Tooth powder.
Tooth powder (or 'toothpaste powder') is an alternative to toothpaste. It may be recommended for people with sensitive teeth. Tooth powder typically does not contain the chemical sodium lauryl sulphate which can be a skin irritant. The function of sodium lauryl sulphate is to form suds when teeth are brushed. It is a common chemical in toothpaste. Those with dentures may also use denture cleaner which can also come in powder format.

</doc>
<doc id="9812770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812770" title="Guilford Middle School">
Guilford Middle School

Guilford Middle School is a middle school in Greensboro, North Carolina.
History.
The name "Guilford Middle" didn't come up until around the 1930s. During the 1930s, the school included kindergarten to 12 grade. The mascot is the Tiger.
Current staff.
The principal of Guilford Middle is Patrice Brown. The assistant principals are Carla Flores-Ballesteros and Kevin Granger.

</doc>
<doc id="9812775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812775" title="Finance Minister of Nigeria">
Finance Minister of Nigeria

The Minister of Finance of Nigeria is a senior cabinet official in the Nigerian Federal Executive Council. The Finance Minister's directs the Nigerian Ministry of Finance and ensures that it operates in a transparent, accountable and efficient manner to bolster the country's economic development priorities. The Minister is assisted by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, a career civil servant.
The current Nigerian Minister of Finance is Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala.
Other.
This title is often referenced in unsolicited spam or phishing e-mails that are intended to trick the reader into sending personal information to a scam artist who will then use the information in an unethical way.
Another common email scam referencing this title is known as the Nigerian Advance Fee or '419' scam. The '419' refers to the paragraph citation in Nigeria's criminal laws. Another variation that may sometimes reference this title includes a false claim that an individual's email address was drawn as a winner of an astronomical sum of money.
Some of the emails, both the phishing emails, and the Advance Fee fraud or '419' emails, often reference this article directly in Wikipedia by linking to it, in an attempt to establish a claim of legitimacy as to who they are that are asking for personal information in those emails.

</doc>
<doc id="9812789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812789" title="KXPR">
KXPR

KXPR (88.9 FM) is a classical music-formatted radio station in the Sacramento, California, area. The station is closely linked to sister-station KXJZ (90.9 FM), and the stations recently swapped signals to their current configuration. KXPR carries programming from NPR, and also has locally-produced features as well as classical music shows. Although KXPR does have a HD Radio channel, it has yet to sign on a HD2 or HD3 subcarrier.
Additional shows from KXPR's schedule include: "Friday Night at the Opera" with host Sean Bianco, The Metropolitan Opera Saturday matinee performances, "Sound and Spirit" with host Ellen Kushner, "Harmonia" (with the accent on the third of four syllables), "Musical Stages", "The Thistle & Shamrock", The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, "From the Top", as well as "A Prairie Home Companion", among others. Laurel Zucker, flutist and Professor of Music at California State University in Sacramento, can be heard on her Cantilena Records ' CDs regularly on KXPR.
The station's powerful signal of 50,000 watts can reach both Sacramento and Stockton areas fairly easily as the location of its transmitter is roughly in between both metropolitan areas. Therefore, Stockton residents now also have a full-market classical-formatted radio station ever since KXPR and KXJZ exchanged frequencies back in 2006. 
KXPR is rebroadcast in the Yuba Sutter area on 88.7 KXJS and in the Central Sierra on 91.7 KXSR.

</doc>
<doc id="9812816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812816" title="Treaties of Portage des Sioux">
Treaties of Portage des Sioux

The Treaties of Portage des Sioux were a series of treaties at Portage des Sioux, Missouri in 1815 that officially were supposed to mark the end of conflicts between the United States and Native Americans at the conclusion of the War of 1812.
Although the treaties were ostensibly to "restore to such Tribes or Nations respectively all the possessions, rights, and privileges which they may have enjoyed or been entitled to in 1811" which was required in Article IX of the Treaty of Ghent which ended the war, they were to be used to affirm and consolidate earlier treaties in which the United States had secured vast territory of the Midwest from tribes in agreements that had earlier not been signed by all the appropriate Native American representatives.
The earlier treaties included the Treaty of St. Louis (1804) in which the Sac and Fox ceded a swath of land from Missouri through Illinois and Wisconsin and the Treaty of Fort Clark in 1808 in which the Osage Nation ceded Missouri and Arkansas west of Fort Clark.
The treaties were to form the legal basis in which tribes were to be relocated west of Missouri in Indian Territory and which was to clear the way for the states to enter the Union.
On March 11, 1815, President James Madison appointed William Clark (governor of Missouri Territory), Ninian Edwards (governor of Illinois Territory), and Auguste Chouteau (a St. Louis businessman who had made his fortune dealing the fur trade with the Native Americans) to the commission to conclude the treaty. The President authorized an expenditure of $20,000 for gifts for the chiefs. The commissioners met in St. Louis, Missouri on May 11, 1815 to make the arrangements and extend 37 invitations to the Chiefs.
The treaty signings at Portage des Sioux were to occur between July 18 and September 16.
The most notable chief to refuse the invitation was Black Hawk who was compelled to come and was the last sign the treaty. He was to resist its terms in the Black Hawk War.
The tribes signing (in order of signatures):
Other tribes were to sign the treaties in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="9812855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812855" title="British Tape Recorder">
British Tape Recorder

British Tape Recorders or BTR machines were reel-to-reel tape recorders initially made by EMI in England after World War II. They were the first magnetic tape recorders to be manufactured in Britain, and their design imitated that of the tape recorders used by the Germans during the war. Because these multi-track recorders were painted EMI green, they then became known as the "Green Machines".
The first model made was named the BTR1. The BTR1 machines were first created in 1947, but superseded by the BTR2 mono machine in 1952 (with bias current, giving them better fidelity). The BTR2 was made in greater quantity, being used not only at EMI studios but at the BBC. Many studios later purchased ex-BBC units, so quite a few were found in non-EMI London studios. The BTR3 recorder was initially intended to support 2 or 4 tracks, but the only machines produced were the stereo (2-track) machines, the 4-track version having been rejected at the prototype stage. Only a few of these BTR3s were built, and the only known use of them is at the famous Abbey Road studios during the 1960s, where they were used for all stereo recording and disc mastering. 
The TR90 was a smaller and more portable stereo unit, and used professionally on EMI Remote recordings, as well as at Hayes, EMI's manufacturing complex. 
The Otari company made a BTR-5 model recording machine, the initials standing for Broadcast Tape Recorder.
Mono and twin-track BTR reel-to-reel recording machines were used in the making of the first two Beatles albums. Mono and stereo BTR machines were used to mix down the 4 and 8 track masters of later albums recorded on Telefunken, Studer and 3M multi-track machines.

</doc>
<doc id="9812857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812857" title="Poverty grass">
Poverty grass

Poverty grass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9812891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812891" title="Mina (drum)">
Mina (drum)

The Mina drum ("Tambor Mina") is the largest of the drums that have origins in the Barlovento, Miranda region of Venezuela. They are used during the celebrations of St. John the Baptist and the Midsummer. It is a specialized form of the Cumaco drum. Its origins have been traced to the Mina civilization, which occupied what is now Benin in Africa.
Organology.
The drum is made out of the trunk of the guava tree (or other hardwood) that has been naturally hollowed out by termites. It can measure up to 2m (6 ft) in length, with a diameter varying (because it fluctuates with the available material) between 20 and 40 cm (about 10-14 inches). One end is capped with a head made of cow or deer hide held in place with a peg and rope assembly. The other end is open.
Playing style.
The mina is placed on a fork to elevate the drum head to the soloist's chest level. The soloist holds a pair of sticks to beat the main pattern and improvisations on the drum head. A group of accompanists stand and squat alongside and beat an ostinato pattern with sticks on the shell. A smaller drum, named "curbata" plays the basic pattern with little or no deviation. Unlike the pattern of the "redondo" drum, which is divided in multiples of 3 beats per measure, the pattern of the Mina battery is based on multiples of 2 beats per measure.
Cultural significance.
The mina battery is an integral part of the summer celebrations in Afro-Venezuelan communities of North-Central Venezuela (the region called Barlovento). The celebrations of the Summer Solstice coincides with the day of "San Juan Bautista" (St. John the Baptist), which may account for the Saint's popularity in Barlovento. The mina (also called "Tambor Grande" or large drum) is set up on a fixed location, where people converge to hear and dance to the performance. In contrast, the smaller, lighter "redondo" battery (called "Tambor Pequeño" or small drum) is carried around by the musicians and played at different points of the procession dedicated to St. John.
Cumaco or Mina?
The Mina is a specialized form of the "cumaco" drum. The main differences between the two terms are:

</doc>
<doc id="9812910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812910" title="Hampton Pool">
Hampton Pool

Hampton Pool, High Street, Hampton, London is a heated open air pool or lido which unusually is open 365 days of the year. It is currently managed by YMCA London South West.
Description.
The pool is 36 x 14 metres. There are two slides. In addition there is a small pool (12 x 7 metres) for children.
Other facilities include a gym, fitness-studio and cafeteria.
It is operated by the Hampton Pool Trust, a registered charity (number 294117) and not for profit company (number 01870925). It has been managed by YMCA London South West on behalf of the Trust since 2007. The Trust's fund-raising activities also include summer open-air concerts.
History.
The lido was built in 1922 after plans approved in 1914 were delayed due to the outbreak of the First World War.
In 1939 a diving pit and filtration system was added and in 1961 further improvements included widening the pool, adding a new building and a car park.
By 1980 Richmond Council decided to close the lido for financial reasons. After local community campaigning, in which over £60,000 was raised, the pool was reopened in 1985. The management of the pool was transferred to Hampton Pool Ltd, a company created by the campaign group.

</doc>
<doc id="9812911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812911" title="Bauer family (Guiding Light)">
Bauer family (Guiding Light)

The Bauer family was a fictional family on the CBS daytime drama "Guiding Light". The Bauer family mainly resided in Springfield and is considered by many to be the anchor family and the moral compass to both the town and the show. The Bauers became central to the storyline in 1948, as the family dealt with the terminal illness of their mother, known as "Mama Bauer."
Because "Guiding Light" has changed locations three times, and the Bauer family has been a part of the show from near the beginning, they have, over the history of the show, resided in the fictional towns of Five Points, Selby Flats (a suburb of Los Angeles) and eventually Springfield.
With the transition to television the shows focus became the Bauer family, a working class, second generation German-American family. The television family was headed by a wise patriarch, Friedrich "Papa" Bauer, the father of three children, Bill, Meta, and Trudy. Papa Bauer, who immigrated to this country from Germany with little more than a dream, was a hard worker who was full of wisdom. He imparted his wisdom to his children in a folksy tone, commonly interweaving German words. Meta was a primary character on the radio version and at one point listeners got the chance to choose whether or not to find her guilty of murdering her husband Ted White, whom she blamed for letting their young son Chuckie die in a freak boxing accident. Meta's character faded into a supporting role within the first decade of the TV series.
The conflicts between the Bauer clan and Bill's headstrong wife Bert were an integral part of the plot in the television show's first decade. Although Bert and her sister-in-law Meta eventually became very close, initially there was a considerable amount of hostility between them. An additional plot-line in this period focused on Bill Bauer's alcoholism and his career difficulties, which were exacerbated by Bert's materialistic nature: she wanted to live much more extravagantly than Bill's salary would allow.
During the 1960s, Bill and Bert's sons, Mike and Ed became central characters of the show. Storylines largely focused on their romantic entanglements, as well as the then strained relationships each had with their parents. The character of Bert became very popular at this time with the viewers, who were largely housewives that could relate to her situation.
When the show expanded to an hour, the Bauers began to share the storyline with an expanded cast of characters. The family still remained essential to the story through the 1970s. As the 1980s progressed, the family members became increasingly irrelevant to the primary stories, and either fell into supporting roles, or were written out of the show altogether. The family did endure on the show until the end of its run though, and occasionally were given front burner material, if not on a regular basis.
The Annual Bauer family 4th of July barbecue was a recurring event on the show for several decades. Nearly all of the shows current characters would gather each year at Ed Bauer's house for this.
Rapid Aging.
As is common on Soap Operas, the Bauer children were rapidly aged into adulthood. This eventually created a preposterous age differentiation between the generations, as the practice was utilized over the course of the series. For example, Bert's son, Mike was aged about fifteen years, as was Mike's daughter, Hope. Hope's son, Alan-Michael was eventually rapidly aged as well. Had they been seen on screen together, Bert, whose portrayer was born in 1922, would have only been about forty-five years older than her great-grandson, whose portrayer (Rick Hearst) was born in 1965.
Social Issues.
Guiding Light often incorporated relevant social issues into its storyline, some of which involved the Bauers. Examples are as follows.
The long run of the show allowed it to feature, in real time, the concept of inter-generational alcoholism, the theory that alcoholism runs in families. Bill Bauer became an alcoholic during the 1950s while dealing with the stress of providing financially for his socially ambitious wife. Ed Bauer became one during the late 1960s and continued to have occasional relapses throughout the rest of the shows run. Hope Bauer began drinking while married to Alan Spaulding, who was treating her badly. Her character was soon written out of the show after this storyline, but it was mentioned in later years that she was still struggling with the affliction, and that it was the cause of her estrangement from her son, Alan-Michael.
Bert Bauer was diagnosed with uterine cancer during the early 1960s. The actress claimed to have received thousands of letters from women who were motivated to request pap-smears from their doctors as a result of the story.
One of Rick's wives, Abigail was a deaf woman. When the real life technology of cochlear implants became available, Abigail struggled with getting one over the objections of some within the deaf community who argued that the technology was a threat to the deaf culture.
Rick married an African-American woman and produced a bi-racial child, Leah. The discrimination the family would have probably experienced in real life though, was not shown.
Final Status.
In later years, the Bauer family's presence on the show had dwindled significantly, leaving Rick as the only one regularly seen. He was often involved in major storylines, but never as the protagonist. In one of the final scenes of the show though, several members of the family are shown in a park celebrating Rick Bauer's engagement to Mindy Lewis. There it is shown that Ed has reunited with his ex-wife, Holly Norris; and that Michelle and Danny are living happily ever after with their two children in California. The fates of other family members such as Trudy, Mike and Hope are not revealed.

</doc>
<doc id="9812922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812922" title="Shawangunk Formation">
Shawangunk Formation

The Silurian Shawangunk Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York. It is named for the Shawangunk Ridge for which it is the dominant rock type. The division of the Shawangunk between the Tuscarora Formation and Clinton Group has not been conclusively determined. The shift of nomenclature currently has the divide between Hawk Mountain and Lehigh Gap.
Description.
The Shawangunk is defined as a light to dark-gray, fine to very coarsed grained sandstone and conglomerate, containing a few shale interbeds. There are also four members of this formation: Tammany, Lizard Creek, Minsi, and Weiders.
The Lizard Creek member is described at Lehigh Gap as having conglomerates, sandstone, calcerious sandstone, siltstone, and shale with a few minor red beds. The Minsi Member is described as a congloeritic quartzite and the Weiders is described as both a conglomerate and quartzite. The Tammany and Lizard Creek members are equivalent to the Clinton Formation and the Minsi and Weiders members are equivalent to the Tuscarora Formation in the central and western part of Pennsylvania. The Tammany Member was not described at Lehigh Gap.
Depositional environment.
The depositional environment of the Shawangunk has always been intrepreted as mostly terrestrial to a shallow marine deposit resulting in a molasse sequence produced by the Taconic orogeny. The numerous coarse-grained beds, especially in the lower part, suggest a relatively close orogenic source with very high to high energy fluvial systems depositing the sediments. Shale interbeds may indicate a slowing or shifting of these ancient river systems.
Fossils.
Very few fossils exist in the Shawangunk; however, Eurypterids can be found in the middle portions of the formation roughly 420–750 feet from the base in some locations in New York State. Linguloid brachiopods were identified in the Lizard Creek Member.
The ichnofossil Arthrophycus was described in the Minsi Member in the area of Lehigh Gap. These were most likely made by polychaete worms of the family Terebellida.
Age.
Relative age dating of the Shawangunk places it in the Lower Silurian period, being deposited between 440 to 417 (±10) million years ago. It rests unconformably above the Martinsburg Formation and conformably below the Bloomsburg Formation.
Economic uses.
The hardness of the quartzite and conglomerate layers make the Shawangunk an excellent building stone. Some of the boulders that have accumulated as colluvium at the base of Blue Mountain are used for decorative stone, building stone, and aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="9812949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812949" title="List of Phi Delta Theta members">
List of Phi Delta Theta members

This is a list of prominent alumni of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Names are listed followed by the school attended and the graduation year.

</doc>
<doc id="9812988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812988" title="Eric Alva">
Eric Alva

Staff Sergeant Eric Fidelis Alva (born December 19, 1970) was the first Marine seriously injured in the Iraq War. On March 21, 2003, he was in charge of 11 Marines in a supply unit when he stepped on a land mine and lost his right leg. 
Alva, a native of San Antonio, Texas, grew up in a military family. He graduated from high school in 1989, weighing just 90 pounds. He joined the United States Marine Corps in 1990 at the age of 19 when he already knew he was gay and the U.S. military excluded all gays and lesbians from service, open or not. He served for 13 years, including postings in Okinawa and Somalia. For much of his career, he was out to his fellow Marines.
He began working as a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign in 2006. In February 2007, he joined Democratic Rep. Marty Meehan of Massachusetts and a bipartisan group of House members when they reintroduced the Military Readiness Enhancement Act, legislation that would repeal the "don't ask, don't tell" (DADT) policy regarding service in the U.S. armed forces on the part of gays and lesbians.
Alva then served as the Grand Marshall of the 2008 Chicago Gay and Lesbian Pride parade on Sunday, June 29, 2008.
On July 23, 2008, Alva testified about DADT before a subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee. He said: "Unit cohesion is essential. What my experience proves, they are wrong about how to achieve it. My being gay and even many of my colleagues knowing about it didn’t damage unit cohesion. They put their lives in my hands, and when I was injured,
they risked their lives to save mine." He described intimate living conditions while stationed in Somalia. He also reported conversations with military personnel from other countries in which they uniformly expressed surprise that "our Nation is so further behind others when we seem to be the forefront of trying to be the example."
In an interview with the "Chicago Tribune", General Peter Pace said, "I believe homosexual acts between individuals are immoral." Alva commented: "His remarks were insensitive and disrespectful to the thousands of men and women who are serving in the military at this current time under the policy." In December 2010, Marine Corps commandant Gen. James F. Amos said the presence of homosexuals in the marines would pose a "distraction" and that "I don't want to have any Marines that I'm visiting at Bethesda Naval Medical Center with no legs be the result of any type of distraction." Alva commented: "He pretty much spit on me, my Purple Heart, and my 13 years of service. I would definitely ask Amos for a meeting to explain his comments, and I’d bring my Purple Heart with me."
When asked by news interviewer Paula Zahn: "Were you ever attracted to a "soldier" in the field?" Alva replied: "I never took my personal life to work."
Quotes

</doc>
<doc id="9812995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9812995" title="Sleep (system call)">
Sleep (system call)

A computer program (process, task, or thread) may sleep, which places it into an inactive state for a period of time. Eventually the expiration of an interval timer, or the receipt of a signal or interrupt causes the program to resume execution.
Usage.
A typical "sleep" system call takes a time value as a parameter, specifying the minimum amount of time that the process is to sleep before resuming execution. The parameter typically specifies seconds, although some operating systems provide finer resolution, such as milliseconds or microseconds.
Windows.
On Windows, the codice_1 function takes a single parameter of the number of milliseconds to sleep.
The codice_1 function is included in kernel32.dll, but no sleep command (executable) is natively available for scripts (batch files). It can be found in collections of Windows utilities like Windows 2003 Resource Kit.
Unix.
On Unix-like operating systems, the codice_3 function is called providing a single parameter of type unsigned integer of the number of seconds to sleep.
C examples.
In Windows OS:
In Unix:
Low level functionality.
Sleep causes the thread or process to give up the remainder of its time slice and stay in the "Not Runnable" state for the specified duration. While there is generally a guarantee for the minimum time period, there is no strict guarantee that the thread will run immediately or soon, or even at all, once the specified time has passed. It is up to the scheduler's discretion, and dependent on thread priorities and implementation details such as timer resolutions when the sleeping thread will run again. On POSIX systems, the "nanosleep" and related syscalls are interruptible by signals, returning the remaining sleep time. The "sleep" library function, on the other hand, is implemented via the "alarm" syscall on many older systems, thus it only works "by delivering a signal". The Windows Sleep function is non-interruptible due to absence of signals (other than the thread or its process being terminated), although the related SleepEx function can be used to put the thread into an alertable state, allowing APC calls being made while the thread is sleeping. Also, a thread can technically be "interrupted" in case e.g. the process terminates due to an exception in a different thread.
Uses.
Some system programs that never terminate execute an event loop, going to sleep at the start of each cycle and waiting for some event to awaken them. Once an event is received, the program services the event, then returns to the beginning of the next wait cycle.
Other programs periodically poll for events by going to sleep and resuming execution after a specific interval of time. Once execution is resumed, the program polls for events or status changes, and then services any that occurred while it was asleep. After servicing the events, the program then goes to sleep again for the next time interval. Certain kinds of "heartbeat" events or "keep-alive" signals can be generated by these kinds of programs.
Uninterruptible sleep.
An uninterruptible sleep state is a sleep state that won't handle a signal right away. It will wake only as a result of a waited-upon resource becoming available or after a time-out occurs during that wait (if specified when put to sleep). It is mostly used by device drivers waiting for disk or network IO (input/output).
When the process is sleeping uninterruptibly, signals accumulated during the sleep will be noticed when the process returns from the system call or trap.
In Unix-like systems the command 'codice_5' uses code "codice_6" for the uninterruptible sleep state of a process.

</doc>
<doc id="9813010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813010" title="Karmei Tzur">
Karmei Tzur

Karmei Tzur, or Carmei Tzur () is a communal settlement and Israeli settlement in the West Bank located north of Hebron in the Judean hills between the Palestinian towns Beit Ummar and Halhul. The National Religious community with a population of 725 (2010) is within the municipal jurisdiction of the Gush Etzion Regional Council. Under the terms of the Oslo Accords of 1993 between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, Karmei Tzur was designated Area "C" under full Israeli civil and security control.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
According to a Peace Now-report of 2006, 27 percent of the land Karmei Tzur is built on, is privately owned, all or most of it by Palestinians. According to Israeli law, settlements on privately owned Palestinian land are illegal.
History.
Karmei Tzur, meaning “Vineyards (or Olive Groves) of Rock” or “Stalwart Vineyards”, was established in 1984 by a group of students from the Har Etzion Yeshiva in Alon Shvut, and was named after the nearby Hasmonean and Biblical place of Beth-Zur
Geography.
Karmei Tzur is situated east of the Israeli West Bank barrier, 8.3 kilometers from the Green line in the Judean hills north of Hebron, 22 kilometers from Jerusalem. The settlement has a total area of about 420.000 square meters.
Population.
There are about 120 families living in the settlement with more than 700 people in total. This includes 13 families living in the adjacent "Tzur Shalem" outpost and eight immigrant families of Inca Jews from Trujillo, Peru, who have been housed there as part of an absorption program. The settlement is home to Yeshiva students, educators, academics, army officers, traders, and doctors. Most of the residents work in Gush Etzion, Kiryat Arba, or Jerusalem.
Education.
Local children are educated within the settlement until they reach school age. School children are transported to schools in the centre of Gush Etzion. There is a wide variety of after school activities provided in the settlement.
Outposts.
Karmei Tzur has an outpost, Tzur Shalem, which is also considered illegal under Israeli law. It was established in 2001 in memory of Dr. Shmuel Gillis, a senior physician at the Hadassah Medical Center and resident of Karmei Tzur of English origins who was killed after Palestinians shot him while driving home on 1 February 2001 during the Second Intifada. The name was chosen by Gillis′ widow. “Shalem”, meaning “whole”, shares some of the letters of Gillis′ first name “Shmuel”, and the word “tzur”, meaning “rock”, is one of the names for God and also symbolizes strength and steadfastness. The outpost with more than twenty caravans and 13 families is located to the west of Karmei Tzur and has views of the Shephelah Region.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
In February 2001, Dr. Shmuel Gillis (42) of Karmei Tzur was shot eleven times by Palestinian gunmen while driving. He died instantly. In June 2002 Hamas terrorists, possibly assisted by Islamic Jihad men, infiltrated the Tzur Shalem outpost and killed Ayal Sorek (23) and his 9-month-pregnant wife Yael (24) along with reserve soldier Shalom Mordechai (35) from Nahariya.
According to Anarchists Against the Wall, in 2007 Israeli, Palestinian and international activists blocked the road to Karmei Tzur with barbed wire in protest of the limitations of movement imposed upon the Palestinians in the area.
As B'Tselem reports, in October 2011, settlers from Karmei Tzur threw stones at Palestinians demonstrating against what they claimed was the seizure of their primarily privately owned land forming the special security area (SSA) surrounding the settlement, which settlers can enter freely, while the Palestinian landowners must obtain special permits to enter. A Palestinian photographer who was filming the events was injured, while apparently security officials from the settlement and Israeli soldiers did not intervene.
In February 2012, Karmei Tzur resident Zehava Weiss, a teacher, was attacked with stones and bricks near the Palestinian town Beit Ummar while driving to Karmei Tzur. Although her car was armored, the windshield was shattered and the exterior was dented in several places. According to her, similar attacks are a near daily occurrence. Following the incident, two suspects were arrested near the Palestinian town of Al-Khader.

</doc>
<doc id="9813066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813066" title="Masumeh Makhija">
Masumeh Makhija

Masumeh Makhija (born 10 October. 1984) also known as Masumi Makhija, is an award winning Bollywood actress. She was born in Canada and came to India when she was one year old. She started her career as a child artist appearing in commercials and T.V. shows. She made her film debut in "Chupke Se" and has since appeared in a number of Hindi niece of Manish Makhija films and TV shows. She has also appeared in the German movie, "Gate to Heaven". She is the sister of director Shona Urvashi.

</doc>
<doc id="9813116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813116" title="Natalie Darryl">
Natalie Darryl

Natalie Darryl was an American actress who made her only screen appearance in the 1957 exploitation film "The Girl in the Kremlin" in the role of Dasha, a young woman who Joseph Stalin forces to have her head shaved in the opening scene. Darryl had waist-length black hair at the beginning of shooting, which was shaved to the scalp for the scene.
Despite making the sacrifice to further her career, Darryl had only two additional acting jobs, in episodes of the television series "Shotgun Slade" and "Behind Closed Doors."

</doc>
<doc id="9813143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813143" title="Semi-implicit Euler method">
Semi-implicit Euler method

In mathematics, the semi-implicit Euler method, also called symplectic Euler, semi-explicit Euler, Euler–Cromer, and Newton–Størmer–Verlet (NSV), is a modification of the Euler method for solving Hamilton's equations, a system of ordinary differential equations that arises in classical mechanics. It is a symplectic integrator and hence it yields better results than the standard Euler method.
Setting.
The semi-implicit Euler method can be applied to a pair of differential equations of the form
where "f" and "g" are given functions. Here, "x" and "v" may be either scalars or vectors. The equations of motion in Hamiltonian mechanics take this form if the Hamiltonian is of the form
The differential equations are to be solved with the initial condition
The method.
The semi-implicit Euler method produces an approximate discrete solution by iterating
where Δ"t" is the time step and "tn" = "t0" + "n"Δ"t" is the time after "n" steps.
The difference with the standard Euler method is that the semi-implicit Euler method uses "v""n"+1 in the equation for "x""n"+1, while the Euler method uses "vn".
Applying the method with negative time step to the computation of formula_6 from formula_7 and rearranging leads to the second variant of the semi-implicit Euler method
which has similar properties.
The semi-implicit Euler is a first-order integrator, just as the standard Euler method. This means that it commits a global error of the order of Δt. However, the semi-implicit Euler method is a symplectic integrator, unlike the standard method. As a consequence, the semi-implicit Euler method almost conserves the energy (when the Hamiltonian is time-independent). Often, the energy increases steadily when the standard Euler method is applied, making it far less accurate.
Alternating between the two variants of the semi-implicit Euler method leads in one simplification to the Störmer-Verlet integration and in a slightly different simplification to the leapfrog integration, increasing both the order of the error and the order of preservation of energy.
The stability region of the semi-implicit method was presented in although the method was misleadingly called symmetric Euler. The semi-implicit method models the simulated system correctly if the complex roots of the characteristic equation are within the circle shown below. For real roots the stability region extends outside the circle for which the criteria is formula_9
As can be seen, the semi-implicit method can simulate correctly both stable systems that have their roots in the left half plane and unstable systems that have their roots in the right half plane. This is clear advantage over forward (standard) Euler and backward Euler. Forward Euler tends to have less damping than the real system when the negative real parts of the roots get near the imaginary axis and backward Euler may show the system be stable even when the roots are in the right half plane.
Example.
The motion of a spring satisfying Hooke's law is given by
The semi-implicit Euler for this equation is
The iteration preserves the modified energy functional formula_12 exactly, leading to stable periodic orbits that deviate by formula_13 from the exact orbits. The exact circular frequency formula_14 increases in the numerical approximation by a factor of formula_15.

</doc>
<doc id="9813146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813146" title="Rynagh O'Grady">
Rynagh O'Grady

Rynagh O'Grady is an Irish actress who is known for Mary O'Leary in the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted" and "A Love Divided".

</doc>
<doc id="9813170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813170" title="W.A.I.S.T.">
W.A.I.S.T.

W.A.I.S.T. is the acronym for the West Africa Invitational Softball Tournament organized each January/February in Dakar by the local U.S. Embassy and Peace Corps Senegal. 
This amateur, co-ed slo-pitch softball tournament mainly attracts North American expatriates, and sometimes Japanese expats as well, although Peace Corps volunteers are by far the bulk of participants. In recent years there has been increased participation by Senegalese nationals. Participating teams have come from Senegal, The Gambia, Mauritania, Mali, Cape Verde, Niger, Guinea, and Burkina Faso. Peace Corps volunteers, U.S. embassy personnel, students and faculty from local schools (mostly the International School of Dakar) make up the majority of the teams.
Games are held throughout Dakar including the Dakar campus of Suffolk University and the field of the International School of Dakar. The majority of teams play in a non-competitive, social league; this includes most of the Peace Corps teams who every year provide entertainment with their themed costumes. Peace Corps volunteers and expatriates interested in participating should contact Peace Corps Senegal the fall before the year they wish to participate to make arrangements. A competitive league also plays with teams represented from Senegal, the U.S., and Japan among others.
In conjunction with the tournament, Peace Corps Senegal often hosts an "All Volunteer Conference" and a "WID/GAD Conference" where volunteers throughout West Africa share their projects and best practices with others in the region.
An offshoot event, W.A.I.S.T.D.C., began in 2008, and is held in mid-summer in Washington, D.C. 

</doc>
<doc id="9813200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813200" title="2006 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final">
2006 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final

The 2006 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final was a hurling match held at Croke Park, Dublin on 3 September 2006. The match was the 119th All-Ireland hurling final and was contested by Kilkenny and Cork, with Kilkenny putting in a fiercely determined and intense performance to win 1–16 to 1–13. It was the first meeting of these two sides in the All-Ireland final since 2004 when Cork were the winners. Cork were aiming to capture a third All-Ireland title in succession while Kilkenny, under the leadership of Brian Cody,were hoping to capture a first title since 2003. The prize for the winning team was the Liam McCarthy Cup. While in recent years the All-Ireland final has been held on the second Sunday in September, the 2006 final was held a week earlier than normal in order to avoid a clash with golf's Ryder Cup.
Previous championship encounters.
This particular fixture has been frequent in the history of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship. It is sometimes referred to as 'the traditional final' due to the great skill and rivalry displayed by these two teams. Kilkenny have played Cork a total of twenty-three times in the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship. As of 2006 Kilkenny had recorded twelve wins over the great rivals while Cork had defeated Kilkenny on nine occasions. There were two draws between the sides.

</doc>
<doc id="9813207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813207" title="Spartan Aircraft Company">
Spartan Aircraft Company

The Spartan Aircraft Company was an American aircraft manufacturing company, headquartered on Sheridan Avenue near the Tulsa Municipal Airport in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Previously known as Mid-Continent Aircraft Company, the company had been reorganized under the Spartan name in 1928 by oil baron William G. Skelly — and operated until 1961, manufacturing aircraft, aircraft components, and recreational vehicle trailers. The company was widely known for the luxurious Spartan Executive aircraft produced in the late 1930s and early 1940s — made prominent by owners such as Howard Hughes and King Ghazi of Iraq. 
J. Paul Getty acquired the company from Skelly in 1935. After World War II, Getty ended aircraft production and converted the company to manufacturing trailers under the Spartan Manor brand — subsequently ending all production in 1961.
Early history.
Successful oilman William G. Skelly purchased the struggling Mid-Continent Aircraft Manufacturing Company of Tulsa in January, 1928. He renamed the company Spartan Aircraft Company, reorganized it financially and began the Spartan College of Aeronautics. Skelly continued to support the venture during the early years of the Great Depression, while it began producing a line of airplanes. The economic depression strained Skelly's personal finances, and in 1935, J. Paul Getty, impressed by the rapid growth and efficiency of Spartan's manufacturing facilities, purchased a controlling interest in the company from Skelly. At the beginning of World War II, Getty assumed direct control of the company operations. He expanded manufacturing by making sub-assemblies for a variety of warplanes and opened branches of the Spartan School of Aeronautics in Miami, Muskogee and Ponca City, Oklahoma.
Early Aircraft.
The first aircraft produced by the Spartan Aircraft Company was the Spartan C3 open-cockpit biplane. Built in 1926 (first flight 25 October, 1926), the C3-1 was the first of a series of variants of the design for flight schools, sportsman aviators, and Fixed-Base Operators (FBO). The Spartan C3-225 was the last early biplane design produced by the company. At least 160 C-3's were built, using various engines. 
1930 saw the production of Spartan's first monoplane design, the Spartan C2-60. Designed for the sportsman flier, the C2-60 was a lightweight design with a small 60 h.p. engine. Using many of C2-60's characteristics, Spartan produced the heavier, more powerful C2-165 low-wing monoplane. Unpopular with the military due to the view-obstructing low-wing design, the C2-165 was primarily used for civilian training purposes. 
Improvements in Spartan's manufacturing and technology was evident in the 1930 Spartan C4. The C4 was a high-wing monoplane designed for low-maintenance, high-comfort, and the best possible performance available for the time. The Spartan C4 was designed to accommodate large engines of 230 h.p. and more.
Spartan Executive 7W.
The most popular aircraft ever produced by the Spartan Aircraft Company, the Spartan Executive Model 7W was a direct result of founder William Skelly's vision for an aircraft designed to accommodate the luxury and performance expected by the world's wealthier individuals. Powered by a 450 h.p. Pratt & Whitney Wasp Jr. engine, the Executive was Spartan's first attempt at an all-metal aircraft design using monocoque technology. The large engine and aerodynamic airframe allowed for a then-remarkable an hour cruise speed, a range of over and a . service ceiling. The Executive's high-performance design was clearly evident in the 1939 Bendix race, in which the stock design aircraft won the trophy with speeds of nearly 197 miles per hour. Owing to the aircraft design mission to satisfy wealthy owners, the 34 7W's produced met a very wealthy and diverse audience of owners. 
Based directly on the high-performance design of the civilian Spartan 7W, a military version of the aircraft was developed to meet military needs for high-performance reconnaissance and training aircraft. This re-designed model was named the Spartan Zeus 8W and featured a powerful Pratt & Whitney Wasp 600 h.p. engine.
End of Aircraft Manufacturing.
The last aircraft to be developed by the Spartan Aircraft Company was the Spartan NP-1 biplane. The NP-1 was a throwback to earlier aircraft in appearance, though the technology used in the aircraft's construction was certainly more advanced than the wire and fabric used in Spartan's early biplane designs. Built as a United States Navy trainer, the Spartan NP-1 featured a lightweight open-cockpit construction with a Lycoming R-680-B4C 225 h.p. engine.
Spartan Trailercoaches.
After the ebb of personal aviation and the increased competition in the aircraft business following World War II, owner J. Paul Getty and Spartan upper-management redirected production to focus on the rapidly rising demand for housing and leisure. Using the same internally braced and space-saving monocoque design of the Spartan Executive 7W, the company produced its first all-metal trailer. The company followed previous design strategies, offering lavish and full-featured trailers. Through the 1940s and 1950s, Spartan produced what some referred to as the "Cadillac" of trailers, commanding prices higher than $4000. Spartan produced over 40,000 trailer homes before ending production in 1961. Given an average home cost in the United States at the time of $8000, Spartan trailers were a discretionary purchase for the weatlhy.
Factories Close.
After 33 years of manufacturing aircraft and trailers, the Spartan Aircraft Company closed its manufacturing facilities and entered the insurance and financial business under the name Minnehoma Insurance Co. The Spartan name was sold to the Spartan School of Aeronautics, which operates today under the name Spartan College of Aeronautics.

</doc>
<doc id="9813253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813253" title="Harry Gordon Johnson">
Harry Gordon Johnson

Harry Gordon Johnson (1923–1977) was a Canadian economist who studied topics such as international trade and international finance. He was Professor of Economics at the University of Chicago from 1959 (and from 1969, the Charles F. Grey Distinguished Service Professor) until his death in 1977. He was also Professor of Economics at the London School of Economics from 1966 until 1974. And he briefly was professor at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva until his death. He was twice Editor of the Journal of Political Economy. Johnson was one of the most prolific economists of all time. He had a stroke at age 49 and died prematurely from a second stroke at age 53. 
Nobel laureate James Tobin said about him: "For the economics profession throughout the world, the third quarter of this century was an Age of Johnson. ... It was his impact on his own profession ... that justifies calling the era his Age." Economist Jagdish Bhagwati, writing about Johnson's productivity and accessibility, said, "Countless numbers of manuscripts would reach him, from aspiring students of international economics and somehow Harry found the energy and time to read them carefully and write back to the authors promptly. ... once ... when he was staying with us, my wife asked him what he had been doing in the early hours of the morning when we had been still asleep. 'I read two manuscripts, one indifferent and the other bad; what is worse, I could have written one good paper in that time.' "
Early life and education.
He was born on 26 May 1923 in Toronto, Canada, the elder son of two children of Henry Herbert Johnson, newspaperman and later secretary of the Liberal Party of Ontario, and his wife, Frances Lily Muat, lecturer in child psychology at the Institute of Child Study of the University of Toronto.
Johnson was educated at the University of Toronto schools and then obtained scholarships to the University of Toronto. This as followed by Cambridge for his BA, University of Toronto to earn his MA and finally at Harvard he gained his PhD.
He developed an interest in the history of thought and was much influenced by Harold Innis's lectures and ideas on Canadian and general economic history. He later wrote that they remained an integral part of his intellectual equipment ever since. He graduated in 1943 and then, at the age of twenty, became, for one year, acting professor and sole member of the economics staff at St Francis Xavier University in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
In 1944 Johnson volunteered for active service in the Canadian armed forces and, after training, was sent to England in 1945, eventually doing clerical work in Canada House. Demobilized in Britain, he was able to go to Cambridge, became an affiliated student of Jesus College, and took another bachelor's degree, obtaining the top first class in the economics tripos. Maurice Dobb was his supervisor. He became a member of the Political Economy Club, and at his first meeting heard John Maynard Keynes present a paper.
He was particularly impressed by the breadth and the ideas of Joseph Schumpeter, which greatly influenced his writings in later years. He completed the course work requirements for the doctorate in three terms. In 1948 he married Elizabeth Scott, daughter of Harold Victor Serson, civil engineer. She later became one of the editors of the collected writings of Keynes. They had one son and one daughter.
Career.
Harry, as Johnson was universally known, was an inveterate conference-goer. In addition he visited innumerable universities, especially in Canada and in Asia. He "circled the globe like a planet" (Scott 80). This travelling style began in the fifties when he was teaching refresher courses for economists in Karachi and Singapore. His travelling and ubiquitousness became legendary.
Physically, he was a large man, overweight or at least stout, with piercing dark brown eyes. But he was far from sluggish, and gave an impression of intense and disciplined intellectual and physical energy. He was often loudly and informally dressed. His energy was kept under control by his continuous carving of wooden statuettes, of which he made thousands in many different artistic styles. He carved at seminars and in his room, throughout the most concentrated discussions of intricate economic problems.
He was a strong drinker and his reputation at London School of Economics and Political Science was that he travelled weekly between London and Chicago, and he would enter each flight with a bottle of Southern Comfort and would leave it with a fully written paper! According to Moggeridge he was often deeply intoxicated whilst attending seminars and workshops. Despite his prolific writing, he was criticized for essentially rewriting the same articles over and over. George Stigler was asked about Johnson's 500 published papers versus his 100. Stigler replied, "Yes, but mine were all different."
The enormous admiration and affection for Johnson was reflected in the numerous obituaries by members of the economics profession that appeared in 1977. "For the economics profession throughout the world, the third quarter of this century was an Age of Johnson" (Tobin 443). "He bestrode our discipline like a Colossus", "He was an institution" (ibid.). "Canada lost one of its greatest sons". He was "larger than life’ (the most common remark). "The one and only Harry" (The Economist, 14 May 1977, 121). Harry Johnson died of a stroke in Geneva on 9 May 1977; he was survived by his wife.
Legacy.
Johnson made many contributions to the development of Hecksher-Ohlin theory and until the 1970s according to Moggeridge, was the second most quoted trade theorist after Paul Samuelson. Johnson also helped to found the monetary approach to the balance of payments and wrote many high quality surveys of monetary economics that helped to clarify the issues in question. Despite being perhaps the most prolific economist of the modern era, Johnson's star has waned as is evidenced by the significant fall (discussed in Moggeridge's biography) in citations to his work in the past decade.
The Canadian Economics Association presents a Harry Johnson Prize every year for the best article to appear in the Canadian Journal of Economics in the preceding year.
Career.
Academics.
Johnson graduated from the University of Toronto in 1943 and earned his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1958 with studies in between at Cambridge in the late 1940s during which he met Keynes.
He held permanent teaching positions throughout Europe and Canada, as well as visiting positions at universities worldwide. Notable were his time with Chicago from 1959 to 1977, also during 1966–74 he worked at the London School of Economics. He also held a visiting professorship at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
Opinions.
He retained a lifelong interest in Canadian politics and was heavily critical of nationalist and interventionist policies that prevailed at his time.
In his policy-oriented writings, he clearly showed his beliefs in personal freedom and markets.
Selected works.
Writings.
Johnson published many works on international and monetary economics theory. He also wrote many works aimed at the general public and policymakers.
According to Paul Samuelson, when Johnson died he had eighteen papers in proof: “That is dying with your boots on!” said Samuelson
Johnson earned many honors. In 1977 he was named a distinguished fellow of the American Economic Association, and in 1976 the Canadian government named him an officer of the Order of Canada.
Johnson wrote a large number of books and articles, the total of his writings were:

</doc>
<doc id="9813263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813263" title="Juraj Šižgorić">
Juraj Šižgorić

Juraj Šižgorić (, "Georgius Sisgoritus") (ca. 1445–1509) was a Croatian Latinist poet.
He was the first humanist from Šibenik and the central personality of the Šibenik's humanist circle and also one of the most important figures in 15th century cultural life and history of Croatian people. 
His "Elegiarum et carminum libri tres" ("Book of elegies and poems", Venice, 1477) was a first published book by a Croatian poet.

</doc>
<doc id="9813288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813288" title="EGOWS">
EGOWS

European Working Group on Operational Workstations (EGOWS).
EGOWS is a collaboration forum for European NMS (National Meteorological Services) in the field of workstations for duty forecasters. A four day meeting is held every year in mid-June, since 1990. Despite its name through time, EGOWS has also included non-European members.
EGOWS has a mailing list hosted as a Google Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9813292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813292" title="Candi sugar">
Candi sugar

Candi sugar is a Belgian sugar commonly used in brewing, especially in stronger, Belgian beers such as dubbel and tripel. Chemically, it is an invert sugar: one that has been converted from sucrose to a mixture of fructose and glucose by heating with water and some acid (usually citric acid). It is used to boost the alcohol content without adding extra body to the beer, and without forcing the yeast to produce invertase.
Also used as a priming sugar, to aid in bottle-conditioning and carbonation, with the same benefits as listed above.

</doc>
<doc id="9813306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813306" title="József Zakariás">
József Zakariás

József Zakariás (25 March 1924 – 22 November 1971), also known as Zakariás József was a Hungarian footballer and manager. During the 1950s he was a member of the legendary Hungary team known as the "Mighty Magyars". Other members of the team included Nándor Hidegkuti, Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, Sándor Kocsis and József Bozsik.
MTK Hungária FC.
Zakariás was born and died in Budapest and spent the peak of his career at MTK Hungária FC. However while he was with the club they were known as "Bástya SE" and then "Vörös Lobogó SE". Under coach Márton Bukovi and with a team that also included Nándor Hidegkuti, Péter Palotás and Mihály Lantos, Zakariás helped MTK win two Hungarian League titles, a Hungarian Cup and a Mitropa Cup.
Hungarian International.
Between 1949 and 1954, Zakariás won 35 caps for Hungary. As one of the legendary "Mighty Magyars", he helped Hungary become Olympic Champions in 1952, Central European Champions in 1953 and defeat England twice. He then helped Hungary reach the 1954 World Cup final. During the World Cup finals he played in four of the five games Hungary played in. He allegedly broke a curfew before the final, spending the previous night with a hotel maid. Zakariás never played for Hungary again.
Honours.
Hungary
MTK/Bástya/Vörös Lobogó

</doc>
<doc id="9813308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813308" title="Vladimir Novak">
Vladimir Novak

Vladimir Novak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9813334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813334" title="Zuce">
Zuce

Zuce (Serbian Cyrillic: Зуце) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac.
Location and geography.
Zuce is the easternmost settlement in the municipality, located in the low Šumadija region, on the eastern slopes of the Avala mountain in the valley of the Vranovac creek, a tributary to the Bolečica river. Zuce is located south-east of downtown Belgrade, next to the both railway and highway Belgrade-Niš. It generally spreads to the north (in the direction of the neighborhood of Bubanj Potok) and to the south (in the direction of Vrčin.
The area is known for several water springs, including the "Točak" (wheel) spring. In June 2008, a geothermal water spring (22 Celsius) was found in the alluvial valley of the Zavojnička river, on the depth of 150 meters. Water is currently being tested by the Geology Institute of Serbia, which initially reported that the water, though not hot, might be used for heating via heating pumps which would warm it up.
Population.
Zuce is statistically classified as a rural settlement (village). According to the official censuses of population it had 1,994 inhabitants in 1991 and 2,024 in 2002, with the Serbs making 1,961 or 96.89% and Goranci 17 or 0.84%. Historical population of Zuce according to the official censa of population:

</doc>
<doc id="9813340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813340" title="Impatiens repens">
Impatiens repens

Impatiens repens (Ceylon Balsam or Yellow Impatiens), is a low growing and creeping tropical herb from Sri Lanka. It is now only known in cultivation. It has yellow flowers and small leaves borne on red stems.

</doc>
<doc id="9813344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813344" title="Walther SSP">
Walther SSP

The Walther SSP is a precision target shooting pistol made in Germany by Walther Sportwaffen. The SSP was created in response to ISSF rule changes to the 25 m Rapid Fire Pistol in 2005 which effectively rendered the Walther OSP obsolete. The new rules precluded use of the .22 Short cartridge as well as wrap-around grips and light trigger pulls (pressure required to pull/activate trigger).
Although the new pistol rules for the rapid fire event were now identical to those for 25 m Standard Pistol, to allow competitors to compete in both competitions using the same pistol, manufacturers like Walther still designed new pistols like the SSP to perform optimally in the rapid fire events.

</doc>
<doc id="9813366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813366" title="Gōkei area">
Gōkei area

The is a river valley formed by the Makidani River (a tributary of the Takahashi River) which stretched from the extreme northern part of Sōja to Kibichūō (formerly Kayō) in Okayama Prefecture, Japan. The area is only about 600m long, but the area is filled with strange granite rock formations resulting from wind and rain erosion. The area has become a local attraction for those wanting to view the scenic beauty and the strange formations, leading to its listing in 1923 as a national scenic spot in Japan.
Some well known spots of interest within the Gōkei area include the 330m high , , as well as and . The area is accessible via Okayama Prefectural Route 57 (also known as the Sōja-Kayō Route).

</doc>
<doc id="9813449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813449" title="Connecticut League">
Connecticut League

The Connecticut League, also known as the Connecticut State League is a now defunct minor baseball league based in Connecticut. The league began as off-shoot of the original Connecticut State League in 1902 as a Class D league with teams in eight cities. In 1905, the league became Class B, which lasted until 1913, when the league became the Eastern Association due to several teams outside of the state entering the league. Also a class B league, it survived two more seasons, then folded after the 1914 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9813507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813507" title="The Broken Hourglass">
The Broken Hourglass

The Broken Hourglass was a real-time role-playing video game under development for multiple platforms by new developers, Planewalker Games. Developer Jason Compton announced the project cancelled in August 2011.
Basics.
"The Broken Hourglass" is a role-playing game, inspired by Baldur's Gate 2. The game will be based in the fictional "Tolmiran Empire", a new Byzantine-inspired fantasy world populated by humans, elves, and a strange race called the Illuminated. The Broken Hourglass will feature a real-time combat system (you will also be able to pause when things get busy or hectic), unlimited party options, party-to-party interactions, and an energy-managing magic system, all delivered in an isometric perspective.
Plot.
The city of Mal Nassrin is under siege: it has been sealed off from the outside world by a magical force field of indeterminate source. Panic begins to spread, and worse yet, the city's water supply has been reduced to nothing but a trickle. After a devastating explosion levels a large portion of the city, the player assumes the role of an ordinary citizen attempting to get to the bottom of these strange events before Mal Nassrin collapses into complete chaos.

</doc>
<doc id="9813512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813512" title="Arizona State Route 195">
Arizona State Route 195

State Route 195 (SR 195) (nicknamed the Robert A. Vaughan Expressway by the Yuma Metropolitan Planning Organization in honor of their executive director at the time) is a state highway servicing the Yuma area. It begins east of Yuma intersecting with Interstate 8 and then follows a route, first south and then west, coming to an end at its junction with US 95 in San Luis.
Route description.
SR 195 exists as mainly a divided highway that has been designed to be upgraded to a freeway in the future.
History.
The only connection from I-8 to the San Luis Port of Entry was US 95, which runs as a surface street through the downtown business districts of Yuma, San Luis and Somerton. The area has experienced significant population growth since the 2000 Census. In the period from 2000–2005, the city of Yuma grew in population by 9.3%, the city of San Luis grew by 41.3%, and the town of Somerton grew by 38.6%, and anticipation that the growth trend will continue has fueled concerns about increasing traffic congestion. Additionally, the Yuma Metropolitan Planning Organization (YMPO) has estimated that commercial truck traffic through the San Luis port to increase to over 12,000 daily by 2015.
Planning for the construction of SR 195 was implemented in response to these concerns. As of 1999, YMPO has secured an agreement with the state Department of Transportation to assist with funding for the project. In addition to addressing traffic concerns for the area, the highway will provide access for a proposed new port of entry east of San Luis. YMPO envisions these projects, along with potential expansion of cargo operations at the Yuma International Airport, as being parts of a concerted effort to increase the area's importance in regional and international trade and commerce. [http://www.ympo.org/ash.htm]
Construction of the northern end of SR 195 began in late October 2007, and was completed September 2009.
References.
http://www.azdot.gov/mpd/data/Reports/PDF/2009SHSLog.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="9813514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813514" title="Charlie Smith (Romani poet)">
Charlie Smith (Romani poet)

Charlie Smith (June 20 1956 — 8 November 2005) was Romnichal poet who had a booklet of his poems published in the 1980s, which included the acclaimed "Space Gypsies" poem.
He was from a family of tailors, his schooling was not good and he left early, thinking himself semi-illiterate.
He is a member of the International Romani Writers' Association, IRWA (Kansainvälinen Romanikirjailijaliitto)
Politics.
He was a member of the Labour party in Britain and was a sitting councillor, and a commissioner on the Commission for Racial Equality.
Books & Films.
The Spirit of the Flame (1990) - Book
Not all Waggons and Lanes (1995) - Book 
Footsteps in the Sand (2004) - Film

</doc>
<doc id="9813520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813520" title="Cresco, Pennsylvania">
Cresco, Pennsylvania

Cresco is a small town in Barrett Township, Monroe County in Northeastern Pennsylvania. 
Cresco is located in the Pocono Mountains. Other nearby towns include Buck Hill Falls, Canadensis, Skytop, and Mountainhome.
Callie's Pretzel Factory and Callie's Candy Kitchen attract many Pocono Mountain tourists to the town. The Cresco Train Station is also a popular historic site for residents and tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="9813537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813537" title="Staňkov (Domažlice District)">
Staňkov (Domažlice District)

Staňkov () is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Radbuza River, some to the southwest from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Staňkov is also a Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Horšovský Týn Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9813543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813543" title="Bloomsburg Formation">
Bloomsburg Formation

The Silurian Bloomsburg Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and Maryland. It is named for the Town of Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania in which it was first described. The Bloomsburg marked the first occurrence of red sedimentary rocks in the Appalachian Basin.
Description.
The Bloomsburg is defined as a grayish-red and greenish-gray claystone, argillaceous siltstone, shale, and very fine to fine-grained sandstone, arranged in fining-upward cycles. Although the Bloomsburg can sometimes be green to gray, its most dominant color is red and they are often called "The Bloomsburg Red Beds". This is significant in the Appalachian Basin since it marks the first large scale terrestrial collection of sediments in the rock record. Most of the sediments that were deposited before this time were marine, or a small scale terrestrial zone.
In New Jersey, the Bloomsburg Red Beds were previously called the "High Falls Shale" or "High Falls Formation".
Depositional environment.
The depositional environment of the Bloomsburg was mostly terrestrial or shallow marine deposits resulting in a molasse sequence produced by the Taconic orogeny. The red color is often evidence that the sediments were deposited in arid or oxidizing conditions. The upper parts of the Bloomsburg are thought to be a marine transition zone.
Stratigraphy.
Early American geologists theorized that these beds correlated with Old Red Sandstone found in Scotland., but the Old Red Sandstone is Devonian in age, or much younger than the Bloomsburg.
The Bloomsburg rests conformably above the Clinton Group and Shawangunk Formation, and has a complex upper contact. In eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey, the upper part of the Bloomsburg marks the Wallbridge Unconformity. To the west, the Wills Creek Formation lies conformably atop the Bloomsburg. Further west, the McKenzie Member of the Mifflintown Formation interfingers with the Bloomsburg and eventually, the Bloomsburg pinches out into the Mifflintown.
Fossils.
There are numerous fossils found in the Bloomsburg, mostly in the upper parts of the formation. There are trace fossils of early land plants and brachiopod fossils in the upper marine transitional zones.
Age.
Relative age dating of the Bloomsburg places it in the Upper Silurian period, being deposited between 417 to 410 (±5) million years ago.
Economic uses.
The Bloomsburg formation is a source of material for the manufacture of brick and other clay products, as well as a local building stone.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9813620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813620" title="Anderson New Technology High School">
Anderson New Technology High School

Anderson New Technology High School is a public charter high school in the city of Anderson, California. The building was originally a grocery store, then a furniture store until three years before the school was opened. Chartered by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (along with a similar school in Napa, CA New Technology High School), it provides many academic and non-academic classes, and a growing number of extracurricular activities. Such as several sports teams, and a growing number of clubs and other activity groups. It is part of the Anderson Union High School District.
Commonly referred to as "New Tech," the school fosters "project based" pedagogies and explores a process-oriented business model. The results are astounding; the school has scored above an 800 API for the past five consecutive years and it is currently ranked fourth in the state "amongst school with similar demographics."
New Tech is a small school in a small community, with a world-class staff and a leading-edge approach to education. We utilize project-based learning as a philosophy. We teach our students to solve problems and to work in team-based learning environments.
Our staff of ten teachers has many years of experience - and much of that is in the business world. Our teachers have experience ranging from working in the legal field to small business management. New Tech's teachers are fully credentialed professionals with outstanding educational track records.
Our students enjoy going to school here. Our kids tend to be nicer to each other because they know in the next project they may be depending on Annie or Zach or Josh to come through for the next group project. Our parents say that our school is a comfortable and safe environment. Because of our size, all our teachers get to "really" know each student, and all the students know each other. Our emphasis on teamwork and collaboration in the classroom helps break down the social barriers that typify a traditional school.
New Tech's Guiding Principles
How We Teach : We don't cover material, we uncover solutions, together. Our curriculum is problem and project based. We integrate our projects among disciplines, and within the community. We prepare our students to succeed.
What We Teach : Our students know what to do when they don't know what to do. Besides mastering the traditional curriculum, our kids understand process, leadership, innovation, relationships, motivation, follow through, perspective, and decision-making.
Where We Teach : Our school is a network. Everybody is a part of the network. Every connection is vital. It is both flexible and supportive, and extends beyond our campus into our homes and communities.
How We Collaborate : Working together sets us apart. All students may find a place here. Our small size and our emphasis on teamwork and collaboration help foster a safe and supportive environment.
How We Lead : We believe leadership is a shared process across all levels. Our shared leadership model encourages consensus and commitment.
How We Think : Questions are often more important than answers. Our students interpret and connect. They evaluate and justify. Ultimately, they learn to think independently.
Learning Outcomes:
Overview: The ANTHS Learning Outcomes describe the knowledge and skills necessary for success beyond high school. Students will need to strengthen these skills to succeed in post secondary education, training or the work place.
Citizenship and Ethics
Critical Thinking
Career Preparation
Collaboration
Communication
Curricular and Technology Literacy
How will this be achieved?
College prep curriculum
1 to 1 ratio of computers to students in most classes
Low student to teacher ratio
Use of technology to solve problems
Opportunities to earn industry certifications
Work in a business atmosphere
Employer/Employee relationship
Culture of trust
Internships
Earn College Credit
Dual/Concurrent enrollment in college classes
Who can attend?
Any student that lives in California
Entering 9th through 12th grades
Current in their credits

</doc>
<doc id="9813623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813623" title="Teju Jagua">
Teju Jagua

Teju Jagua is the first son of Tau and Kerana and one of the seven legendary monsters of Guaraní mythology.
Because of the curse placed upon Tau by Arasy for raping Kerana, Tau's descendents were forever cursed to a derformed and monstrous appearance.
Thus, the pair's first son was a huge lizard with seven dog-heads and eyes that shoot out fire. His seven dog-heads make any movement difficult. Some versions of the story say Teju Jagua has only one giant dog-head. But all versions agree that he has a limited ability to move around.
His appearance was the most horrid of all the seven brothers. However, his ferocity was tempered by choice of Tupã. He was left calm and harmless. Still he was feared for his fiery gaze.
He feeds on fruit and his brother Yasy Yateré gave him honey, his favorite food. He is considered the lord of the caves and protector of fruit. He is also mentioned as a brilliant protector of buried treasure. 
Its skin became shiny after rolling around in the gold and precious stones of Itapé.
Bibliography.
COLMAN, Narciso R. (Rosicrán): Ñande Ypy Kuéra ("Nuestros antepasados"), 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="9813643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813643" title="2004 Arena Football League season">
2004 Arena Football League season

The 2004 Arena Football League season was the 18th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the San Jose SaberCats, who defeated the Arizona Rattlers in ArenaBowl XVIII. The AFL reduced its playoff teams from the top 12 teams in the league making the playoffs to the top eight teams in the league making the playoffs.
Playoffs.
All games televised by NBC

</doc>
<doc id="9813677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813677" title="The Last Duel">
The Last Duel

The Last Duel is a book by Eric Jager. It tells the story of the December 29, 1386 trial by combat between Norman knight Jean de Carrouges and the squire Jacques Le Gris. Carrouges had accused Le Gris of raping his wife Marguerite de Carrouges, née de Thibouville, that previous January, and had gone to King Charles VI seeking an appeal to the decision handed down by Count Pierre d'Alençon, whom Carrouges believed favored Le Gris. Whichever combatant still alive at the end of the duel would be declared the winner as a sign of God's will. If Jean de Carrouges lost the duel, Marguerite de Carrouges would be burned at the stake as punishment for her false accusation. 
This was the last officially recognized judicial duel fought in France.
"The Last Duel", a drama-documentary based on the book and including comments by Jager was broadcast by BBC Four as part of a medieval-themed season on April 24, 2008. An abridged version of the book was read by Robert Glenister on BBC Radio 4 as Book of the Week between Monday 10 and Friday 14 January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9813702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813702" title="Chris Miles">
Chris Miles

Christopher "Chris" Miles is a fictional character in the British teen drama "Skins", portrayed by Joe Dempsie.
Characterisation.
Chris's character was initially portrayed as being very into pills and as being something of a hedonist, but at the same time had other layers to his personality. According to the official "Skins" website, he will "smoke/screw/rob/snort anything". He is very keen on going to his psychology lessons as he has feelings for his teacher, Angie, who is described as being "out of this world" in Chris's eyes. He later enters a relationship and falls in love with Jal. Jal gets pregnant late in the second series but does not keep the baby. He is also shown as having possessed a great admiration of his late older brother and feels like he cannot compare to him. In his profile on E4's website, he says that he enjoys listening 1970s emo music and the pop of the 1980s, and that he doesn't like TV at all; he considers it as "[...]a box with images in...". Chris died in Season 2 Episode 9, of a brain haemorrhage like his brother. The gang celebrates their A-Level results and go to Chris's funeral in the last episode.
Character history.
Series 1.
In "Tony" he is convinced by his friend Maxxie Oliver, to go to a "big gay night out" along with Anwar Kharral, but being bored they eventually go to Abigail Stock's party instead, where he and a Polish girl have wild sex. His flirtatious relationship with his Welsh psychology teacher, Angie, is also made apparent. In "Cassie" he accidentally sees Angie naked in the teachers' showers, and later apologises.
The episode "Chris" develops his character the most. He wakes up one morning having taken viagra which he did not need the night before, and comes downstairs to find his mum has run away and given him £1000 to live off. After spending the money on a huge party, and embarrassing himself with his erection in front of Angie who came to the party, he finds himself homeless after he is kicked out by a squatter who is living in his stripped-down house, of which he had to sell the contents.
Chris is homeless and naked. He walks to school naked and goes to Angie for help and advice. His friends arrive and give him clothes, which Cassie Ainsworth and Maxxie charmed from boys in "Unseen Skins"' accompanying episode "A Friend in Need". Jal Fazer takes him to see his dad who doesn't want anything to do with him or his mother, who is implied to be mentally unstable. Chris accidentally drops his baby half-brother, and runs as fast as he can to the graveyard, where he tells Jal the best day of his life when he was in the scouts, when his older brother Peter helps him when Chris was humiliated. Once he finishes telling Jal his story, he stands up revealing that the gravestone he was sitting at is in fact his older brother's. In the episode's conclusion, he is put up to live in a dorm room by a sympathetic Angie.
Eventually, in "Maxxie and Anwar", Chris and Angie admit their feelings for each other. After fellow teacher Tom talks badly to Angie - who he could not seduce, Chris tries to cheer her up and they end up kissing, which leads to sex. They are caught by Maxxie, who is visibly shocked and hurriedly closes the door.
Chris and Angie's relationship progresses throughout the series, until the series finale, where the return of Angie's fiancé Merve completely destroys their relationship, Chris realizing he may lose Angie for good. He concludes that Merve is "obviously gay", after watching a video tape of Angie's showing Merve as a campy weatherman on Australian television. Eventually Chris takes Angie's engagement ring, and is confronted by Merve and two of his friends, and told to give it back. Chris denies he has it, and it is only when Angie eventually bursts in, and asks Chris to return it, does he comply. However, when he gives the ring back, Chris drops it, probably accidentally, and kneels down to pick it up, causing Anwar's uncle to think that Chris is proposing. Angie takes the ring, and runs off, leaving both Chris and Merve opposite one another. After she runs away, Chris comes to the conclusion that she loves him, and thus earns a punch from Merve, starting a minor brawl. In the closing montage, he and Angie are seen staring at each other with sad expressions through a window. In Chris's lost week webisode, he is seen recording a message to Angie.
Series 2.
In the first episode of the second season, Chris is seen with Maxxie and Jal trying to comfort and look after Tony Stonem following his accident. That night, they go to a party which they have tried to keep Tony from finding out about.
In the next episode we learn that Angie has decided not to return to teach her class. She leaves a private message to Chris in code, but does not say goodbye to him explicitly. Chris is upset and confused about this, as he had been looking forward to Angie coming back, partly so that they could see each other again. After this, he goes on the camping trip for Michelle Richardson's birthday, and is attracted to her stepsister, Scarlett and spends the weekend complimenting her and looking at her breasts.
In episode five of the second season, we see Jal and Chris make a deal that Chris will give his life a go and stop saying 'fuck it' and Jal will stop saying no to everything. After a number of unsuccessful jobs, Chris gets a job as a sales person and squats in one of the houses he is supposed to be selling, where Cassie moves in temporarily. Inevitably him and Jal end up getting together, and Chris' life begins to straighten up. Chris is performing exceptionally at work, and with support and affection from Jal he is genuinely happy for a change. However things lead to chaos when Cassie decides to have a house-warming party there and Angie turns up. The two have sex in the bathroom, however Chris abruptly stops when he thinks of Jal. Chris opens the bathroom door to leave and finds Jal outside, and she realises what has happened between him and Angie. Chris then attempts to get Jal back and invites her to the flat that Angie left him before leaving. They get back together, however he doesn't yet know that Jal is pregnant, with his baby.
In episode eight Jal returns from her audition to find Chris has been taken to hospital because he has suffered a subarachnoid haemorrhage, a result of the hereditary condition that his brother died of previously. Jal tells a comatose Chris she is pregnant and gives him her lucky coin to take into an operation.
In the series' penultimate episode, Chris dies from a second subarachnoid hemorrhage after Cassie overheard him crying over his mum not wanting to see him. Cassie gave Chris a t-shirt with "Monkey Man" written on it, Chris is happy with the shirt and tells Cassie that he cannot wait to show it to someone. This is when he realizes that he cannot remember Jal's name. Chris runs out of the room and falls onto his bed. Cassie runs after him and then runs to find her phone. Cassie calls an ambulance then runs back to Chris. Chris is now bleeding from his nose and then tells Cassie that he remembers Jal's name. After witnessing Chris die in her arms, Cassie flees to New York in a state of severe shock.
After Chris' father forbids Chris' friends from attending his funeral (because in his opinion they are the reason he had changed), Tony and Sid Jenkins decide to steal his body to hold their own funeral. However, Jal is distressed at this idea and she and Michelle persuade them to return the coffin to the hearse. Chris' friends decide to watch the funeral from afar, whilst Jal makes the following speech comparing Chris to one of his heroes, Captain Joe Kittinger, and referencing Kittinger's Project Excelsior:
“I've been thinking about what Chris would have wanted me to say today. The advice he'd give me, which'd be something like, 'Know what, babe? Fuck it. These guys know all about me. Tell them about someone different.' So I thought I'd tell you about a hero of Chris's: a man called Captain Joe Kittinger. In 1960, climbing into a foil balloon, Captain Joe ascended 32 kilometers into the stratosphere. And then, armed only with a parachute, he jumped out. He fell for four minutes and thirty-six seconds, reaching seven hundred and forty miles per hour before opening his parachute five kilometers above the Earth. It had never been done before, and it's never been done since. He did it just because he could. And that's why Chris loved him - because the thing about Chris was, he said yes. He said yes to everything. He loved everyone. And he was the bravest boy - man - I knew. And that was - he flung himself out of a foil balloon every day. Because he could. Because he was. And that's why - and that's why...we, we loved him.”
After Jal had finished her speech (which Chris' father listened to over the funeral proceedings), the friends set off several bright pink fireworks to say goodbye in their own way.
Series 3.
Cook is now staying in Chris's old dorm room, shown by the graffiti and the picture of the goldfish on the walls. Also Cook dons a red and white striped shirt formerly worn by Chris albeit more dirty and worn.

</doc>
<doc id="9813708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813708" title="Stanborough School">
Stanborough School

Stanborough School could refer to either of two schools in Hertfordshire, England:

</doc>
<doc id="9813718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813718" title="Gasthaus">
Gasthaus

A Gasthaus (also called "Gasthof", "Landhaus", or "Pension") is a German-style inn or tavern with a bar, a restaurant, banquet facilities and hotel rooms for rent.
Gasthäuser are typically found in smaller towns and are often family-owned. It is not uncommon to have three generations of a family working together in such an establishment and many have been owned by the same family for generations.
Gasthäuser are common in the Germany, Austria, Switzerland and other European countries around Germany. Some are decorated with mural paintings (called "Lüftlmalerei") depicting fairy tale stories or local legendary figures.
Etymology.
Specifically translated a Gasthaus means "guest house" in German. Gasthof is a variation of the word, Landhaus means "country house" (though is essentially the same concept, just in a rural setting) and Pension means "boarding house" or small hotel. Lunch and dinner ("Mittagessen und Abendessen") are usually served to the public, but breakfast ("Frühstück") is typically reserved for overnight guests. It also will often have an outdoor area for a beer garden ("Biergarten") during the spring and summer seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9813734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813734" title="Coliban Water">
Coliban Water

Coliban Water is a regional water corporation in Victoria, Australia, established on 1 July 1992. 
The service area includes 55 towns, of which the Greater City of Bendigo is the largest and also location of the head office.
The region serviced by Coliban Water extends from Cohuna and Echuca in the north to Kyneton and Trentham in the south. The western boundary incorporates Boort, Wedderburn, Bealiba and Dunolly, with Heathcote and Tooborac to the east.
Coliban Water manages, maintains and operates more than 50 reservoirs and water storage basins across North-Central Victoria.
History.
Edward Nucella Emmett worked to establish a reliable water supply for Bendigo, he was the main promoter of Bendigo Waterworks Company, a precursor of Coliban Water. Given the financial problems of the Victorian colonial government and the lack of local government funds he worked to privately fund a new water supply. The Sandhurst Municipal Council controlled a 22 acre ‘Water Reserve’ site along the Bendigo Creek at Golden Square. With funding from wealthy investors in Melbourne he formed the company that was incorporated through parliament. Joseph Brady was the first engineer for the project.

</doc>
<doc id="9813736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813736" title="USS Tidewater (AD-31)">
USS Tidewater (AD-31)

USS "Tidewater" (AD-31) was a named for the Tidewater region of Virginia.
"Tidewater" was laid down on 27 November 1944 at the Charleston Navy Yard; launched on 30 June 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Robert N. S. Baker; and commissioned at Charleston Navy Yard on 19 February 1946 with Captain Frank H. Ball in command.
Service history.
Since World War II ended some five months before the destroyer tender was placed in commission, she remained active only long enough to complete sea trials. She did not report for duty with the active fleet, but was decommissioned and ordered to the reserve group berthed at Charleston. There, she became accommodation ship for members of the staff of the Commander, Submarine Group 3. That duty continued through the outbreak and first 15 months of hostilities in Korea. By that time, the increased need for ships to support United Nations land forces fighting in that Asian country brought the destroyer tender into her first real active service. On 2 October 1951, "Tidewater" was recommissioned at Charleston, with Captain Harold S. Harnly in command.
"Tidewater", however, did not participate directly in the hostilities that brought her back to active duty. Instead, between late 1951 and early 1954, she operated exclusively along the eastern seaboard of the United States. After shakedown training in the Chesapeake Bay area, she reported for duty with Destroyer Flotilla (DesFlot) 4 in February 1952. At her home port, Norfolk, Virginia, she supported the destroyers of DesFlot 4 with her repair facilities. Over the next two years, the ship departed that port on a number of occasions to participate in various exercises. During the fall of 1952, Tidewater joined ships of other NATO powers in Exercise "Mainbrace" for six weeks of training. The following February, she joined other Navy ships in the Caribbean for her first of many annual "Springboard" exercises, after which she resumed duty at Norfolk tending the destroyers of DesFlot 4. In July 1953, the destroyer tender moved south to Charleston to render her services to the ships of the Mine Force. She returned to Norfolk in mid-August and entered the naval shipyard for overhaul on the 12th. At the completion of overhaul, she put to sea for the Caribbean and refresher training on 2 November. "Tidewater" returned to Norfolk on 1 December and resumed tending destroyers until February 1954 when she headed south to participate in her second "Springboard" exercise. Upon completion of that duty, the destroyer tender headed across the Atlantic for her first deployment with the 6th Fleet in the Mediterranean.
With that assignment, "Tidewater" set a pattern which endured for the remainder of her Navy career. Over the next 13 years, she made 10 deployments to the Mediterranean, alternating that service with 2nd Fleet duty along the Atlantic coast of the United States. During each tour of duty with the 6th Fleet, she made port calls at various harbors along the length of the "middle-sea" littoral. While serving on her fourth deployment in the summer of 1960, the destroyer tender had the honor to play host to Queen Frederica of Greece. Her eighth deployment to the Mediterranean came in the spring of 1967, just before the outbreak of the Six-Day War between the Arabs and Israel. During that brief conflict, "Tidewater" hurried to Souda Bay in Crete, where she served as an advanced base ship for 6th Fleet units standing watch in the eastern Mediterranean for the duration of hostilities. The Tidewater was relieved by the in Rota, Spain, August 1967.
When not in the Mediterranean, she busied herself in support of the warships of the Atlantic Fleet from her base at Norfolk and at other ports along the eastern seaboard. When in the area, she joined in various exercises, most frequently in Operation "Springboard", the annual Caribbean-based exercise conducted by the ships of the Atlantic Fleet. She also underwent periodic overhauls to refurbish herself and modernize her equipment. The most significant of those occurred in June 1962 when, at the conclusion of her fifth Mediterranean tour, she entered Norfolk Naval Shipyard for an extensive overhaul which included the installation of a helicopter pad and concomitant equipment to expand her logistics support capabilities.
"Tidewater" completed her tenth Mediterranean deployment on 2 May 1969. She resumed tender duty with the warships of the Atlantic Fleet out of Norfolk and remained so occupied through the end of the year and into 1970. In August 1970, she received word that she would be decommissioned the following spring. She served as flagship for the Commander, Cruiser-Destroyer Group 4, from 10 September until 13 November, at which time she began preparations for inactivation.
Transfer to Indonesian Navy.
On 4 January 1971, the United States Navy agreed to lease "Tidewater" to the Indonesian Navy upon decommissioning. Accordingly, when she was placed out of commission at Norfolk on 20 February she was turned over to the Indonesian Navy and recommissioned as KRI "Dumai" (652), Colonel Mardianus Aruf in command. "Dumai" was purchased outright under the Security Assistance Program by Indonesia on 1 March 1980, struck from the Naval Vessel Register (date unknown), and deleted by the Indonesian Navy in 1984, her final fate unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9813741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813741" title="Lunga, Slate Islands">
Lunga, Slate Islands

Lunga is one of the Slate Islands in the Firth of Lorn in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. The "Grey Dog" tidal race, which runs in the sea channel to the south, reaches 8 knots in full flood. The name 'Lunga' is derived from the Old Norse for 'isle of the longships', but almost all other place names are Gaelic in origin. The population was never substantial and today the main activity is an adventure centre on the northern headland of "Rubha Fiola". The surrounding seas are fished for prawns and scallops and there is a salmon farm off the south eastern shores. The National Scenic Area of which the island is part, hosts a growing number of outdoor leisure pursuits.
Geography.
Lunga is west of the island of Luing and just north of Scarba. The nearest town is Oban some to the north. The channel to the south, "Bealach a' Choin Ghlais" (pass of the grey dog), is only wide and is scoured by the notorious 'Grey Dog' tidal race which reaches 8 knots when in full flood. According to an 1845 description:
... about 1 cable broad, and the stream of water during the greater part of ebb and flood rushes along the narrow pass with much violence. So great is the overfall on the current, that even during moderate tides it is impossible to force a boat through.
This strait is sometimes called the 'Little Corryvreckan' after its greater cousin between Scarba and Jura just a few miles to the south. 
There are numerous islets in the surrounding waters. To the north is the isle of Belnahua and to the north west are "Eilean Dubh Mor" and the Garvellachs. Due west there is only Dubh Artach lighthouse between Lunga and the open Atlantic Ocean. At high tide the northern tip of Lunga becomes several separate islets with "Rubha Fiola" (headland of the tidal island) to the north, then "Fiola Meadhonach" (middle tidal island), "Eilean Ioasal" (humble island) and "Fiola an Droma" (drum-shaped tidal island) closest to Lunga proper. All around are smaller skerries and islets, including "Eilean a' Bhealaich" (island of the pass), Guirasdeal to the south west and Fladda to the north. This complexity of land and sea coupled with the strong tides makes these the most treacherous channels on Scotland's west coast.
The highest point is "Bidean na h-Iolaire" (peak of the eagle) and the main bay is "Camas a Mhor-Fhir" (bay of the giant) to the south which provides an escape route from the Grey Dog. The only other anchorage for passing yachts is at "Poll nan Corran" (the sickle shaped pool), on the east coast, which has a pebble beach.
Geology.
Prior to the Pleistocene ice ages Lunga was part of a long peninsula stretching south west parallel to Kintyre. The Firth of Lorn glacier sliced this peninsula into several islands, including Islay, Jura, Scarba, Lunga, Luing and Seil. Later changes in sea level left raised beaches over much of the west coast of Scotland and Lunga has several examples. The bedrock of Lunga comprises a mixture of quartzite, limestone and shale called 'Scarba conglomerate' which predominates to the west and in the tidal islands to the north, with schist and mica-schist to the east. Unlike the other Slate Islands immediately to the north there is no commercially viable slate on Lunga, although the slate workers of Belnahua made use of the fresh water spring known as "Tobar a Challuim-Chille" (the well of St. Columba's church) north west of "Bidean na h-Iolaire" during times of drought. It is a trough, made up of flagstones, which reputedly never runs dry.
History.
The legend associated with the "Bealach a' Choin Ghlais" is part of the same story that surrounds the naming of the nearby Gulf of Corryvreckan (English: the speckled cauldron). This is where the Norse Prince Breacan of Lochlann is said to have drowned when his boat sank there, so giving his name to this great whirlpool. The prince's dog managed to swim to land and went in search of his master. Failing to find him on Jura or Scarba he tried to leap across the strait to Lunga, but missed his footing on "Eilean a' Bhealaich" which sits in the middle of the channel between the two islands. He slipped into the raging current and drowned as well, giving his own name in turn to the strait where he fell - the 'pass of the grey dog'.
Lunga was mentioned by Donald Monro in his 1549 manuscript "Description of the Western Isles of Scotland". He stated that "Lunge" was "three myle of lenthe, twa pairt myle of breadthe, with a paroch kirk, guid main land, inhabit and manurit, guid for store and corn. It possist be M’Gillayne of Doward, in feu fra the earl of Ergile. It is a havin sufficient for Highland galeyis in it, layand from the southwest to northeist in lenthe."
In common with many of the remoter Scottish islands the human population experienced a decline during the late nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The highest recorded number was 29 in 1794, declining to 15 by 1891 and only 5 by 1931. The graves of some of the islanders are to be found in the churchyard at Kilchattan on nearby Luing. Lunga was not permanently inhabited during the 1960s and 70s.
Present day.
The island is owned by the family of Torquil Johnson-Ferguson who runs the Rua Fiola adventure centre which caters for parties of school age children. The activities, which include rock climbing and canoeing, also make use of the nearby islets including "Eilean Dubh Mor" and "Eilean Dubh Beag". The rest of Lunga itself, where there are only three houses, is primarily used for grazing animals. In 2001 the island had a population of 7 but in 2011 there were no "usual residents" living there as recorded by the census.
Wildlife.
The surrounding seas are fished for prawns and scallops and there is a lease for a salmon farm off the south eastern shores of Lunga just north of the "Bealach a' Choin Ghlais" by the islet "Sgeir Mhic an Altair". This part of the seabed is also a haven for the rare seafan anemone "Amphianthus dohrnii". The kelp "Laminaria hyperborea" dominates much of the surrounding infralittoral in areas not swept by the strongest tides. In some sheltered locations with deeper water there are feather stars including "Leptometra celtica" and the hydroid "Lytocarpia myriophyllum". On land the island is home to European Otter and Red Deer. Atlantic Grey Seals, Minke Whale, Bottlenose Dolphin, and Harbour Porpoise are regular marine visitors. Golden and White-tailed Sea Eagles are also commonly sighted. The area is of growing importance for various leisure activities including scuba diving and canoeing.
The island is part of the Scarba, Lunga and the Garvellachs National Scenic Area which extends to 1,900 hectares, and of the Firth of Lorn marine Special Area of Conservation.
Lunga group.
This mini-archipelago has no formal status although Lunga is clearly the largest island in the heteregeneous group that lies 'between the Isles of the Sea and the Sound of Luing'. In addition to Lunga and its immediate attendants which can be reached at lower stages of the tide the larger islands and islets in the group are:
These are often included in the Slate Islands

</doc>
<doc id="9813749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813749" title="Plánice">
Plánice

Plánice () is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the south from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Plánice is also a Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Klatovy Municipality with Extended Competence.
Plánice is birthplace of František Křižík.

</doc>
<doc id="9813762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813762" title="Verdina Shlonsky">
Verdina Shlonsky

Verdina Shlonsky (Hebrew: וורדינה (רוזה) שלונסקי) (January 22, 1905, Kremenchuk, Ukraine – February 20, 1990, Tel Aviv) was an Israeli composer, pianist, and piano teacher.
Biography.
Verdina (Rosa) Shlonsky was born to a Hasidic Jewish family in Ukraine, the youngest of six children. (The Hebrew root of the name Verdina is וורד "vered" or "rose".)
The family immigrated to Palestine in 1921, but she remained in Vienna to continue her music education. From there, she moved to Berlin, where she studied with pianists Egon Petri and Artur Schnabel. In Paris, she studied composition with Nadia Boulanger, Edgard Varèse and Max Deutsch. She and her sister Aida, who had returned to Europe, married two brothers, but both couples soon divorced. 
Upon settling in Palestine, she joined the faculty of the Tel Aviv Academy of Music. Among her noted compositions were "Hebrew Poem" (1931) and "Quartet for Strings", which won an award at the 1948 Béla Bartók Competition in Budapest.
She was the younger sister of poet Avraham Shlonsky, and older sister of the mezzo-soprano Nina Valery.

</doc>
<doc id="9813795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813795" title="Shishi (organization)">
Shishi (organization)

Shishi (志士; sometimes known as 維新志士 Ishin-shishi) was a group of Japanese political activists of the late Edo period. The term "shishi" literally translates as "men of high purpose." While it is usually applied to the anti-shogunate, pro-"sonnō jōi" (尊王攘夷; "Revere the Emperor, Expel the Barbarian") samurai primarily from the southwestern clans of Satsuma, Chōshū, and Tosa, the term "shishi" is also used by some with reference to supporters of the shogunate who held similar "sonnō jōi" views.
There were many different varieties of "shishi". Some, such as the assassins Kawakami Gensai, Nakamura Hanjirō, Okada Izō, and Tanaka Shinbei, opted for a more violent approach in asserting their views. Kawakami Gensai, in particular, is recalled as the assassin of Sakuma Shōzan, a renowned pro-Western thinker of the time. Several assaults on westerners in Japan have been attributed to the "shishi" and associated "rōnin" warriors. In a 2013 article, these assassins have been called "early terrorists" () since they opted to spread terror among the foreigners. Other more radical "shishi", such as Miyabe Teizō, plotted large-scale attacks with little regard for public safety. Miyabe himself was one of the ringleaders of the plot, foiled by the Shinsengumi at the Ikedaya Incident, to burn Kyoto at the height of the Gion Festival.
As mentioned above, "shishi" were not necessarily in support of bringing down the shogunate. "Shishi" from Mito were responsible for the death of the shogunal grand councilor Ii Naosuke, who was a signatory to treaties that favored foreign nations, and who had placed an underaged boy on the shogunal throne. Other Mito men and women arose in the Tengu-tō revolt, over the next several years. While these were definitely actions against the shōgun's government, they did not oppose the shōgun himself—indeed, the Mito "shishi", who were retainers of a relative of the shōgun, believed they were only helping him.
Other "shishi" had more scholastic leanings. A prime example of this was the scholar Yoshida Shōin of Chōshū. He founded the Shokason-juku school, and educated many of the future government leaders of Meiji era Japan. Yoshida had connections to many prominent figures of the Bakumatsu era: Kawai Tsugunosuke, Katsu Kaishū, the aforementioned Sakuma Shōzan, and others.
The more radical "shishi" from Chōshū and Satsuma went on to form the core leadership of the nascent Meiji Government. Some, such as Itō Hirobumi and Yamagata Aritomo, remained prominent figures in Japanese politics and society until the early decades of the 20th century.
See also.
Shinsengumi

</doc>
<doc id="9813801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813801" title="Bagh Ibne Qasim">
Bagh Ibne Qasim

The Bagh Ibne Qasim (Urdu: meaning "Garden of the son of Qasim") is located in Clifton, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Inaugurated by President Pervez Musharraf on February 27, 2007, Karachi's biggest urban park constructed under Clifton Beach Development Project on of land. The old Toyland Theme Park has demolished and Bagh Ibne Qasim was built in its place. The park cost PKR 600 million and has been completed in 300 working days. More than 10 million people visited the park per year. This park was named as "Bagh Ibne Qasim" in memory of the 8th century Arab conqueror, Muhammad Bin Qasim of the Ummayad empire.
Prior to the initiation of construction on Bagh-e-Ibne Qasim, of land was freed from the grip of land grabbers. The entire Clifton beach, and the area now covered under the park. In June 2005, Sindh Governor Dr. Ishrat-ul-Ebad Khan took it upon himself to restore this major historical entertainment area to its original splendor. City Nazim Syed Mustafa Kamal also played a part in giving the Jehangir Kothari Parade back to the people of Karachi.
For entertainment purposes of visitors, the park has a turtle pond, in addition to which it also has 24 state-of-the-art washrooms. In order to create an element of originality, the park also has 20 stone canopies. Moreover, hundreds of thousands of unique rose saplings have been planted throughout the park. The park will also feature fast food outlets able to accommodate 500 persons at a time. This park has various murals of dinosaurs that are extremely huge and add to the excitement on the faces of the visitors that come from various parts of Pakistan. This park overlooks the 90 meter Port Fountain of Karachi Port Trust (KPT) and thus adds to the beauty of the Clifton area.

</doc>
<doc id="9813804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813804" title="Jacqueline Foster">
Jacqueline Foster

Jacqueline Foster (née Jacqueline Renshaw) is a British Conservative politician and a Member of the European Parliament for the North West England region.
Early career.
Foster was born in Liverpool and educated at Prescot Girls' Grammar School. She joined British European Airways' which became British Airways. She was a member of the Transport and General Workers' Union and from 1976 to 1979 served as trade union representative for cabin crew. In 1975 she married Peter Foster, but they divorced in 1981.
That same year, Foster left British Airways to be Area Manager (Austria) for Horizon Tours, a holiday company. After four years she returned to British Airways, again as cabin crew. In 1989, she was one of the founder members of Cabin Crew '89, an independent trade union which broke away from the TGWU, and served on the union executive.
Political involvement.
Foster combined her trade union activities with active membership of the Conservative Party; she was Vice Chairman of Twickenham Conservative Association. In the 1992 general election, she was the Conservative candidate in Newham South, a Labour-held seat in east London. Against the national trend, Foster cut the Labour majority. She was shortlisted as candidate for Eastleigh in the byelection of 1994 but lost out in selection.
At the 2005 Conservative Party conference she declared her opposition to all-woman shortlists.
1997 election.
She continued to look for selection and in November 1995 was narrowly beaten by Eric Forth in the selection for Bromley and Chislehurst. In August 1996 she succeeded in being selected for Peterborough, where sitting Conservative MP Brian Mawhinney was moving to the adjacent seat. She moved to Peterborough to fight the campaign; she was among the conservative candidates at that election who declared their personal opposition to the single European currency, but was defeated by Labour candidate Helen Brinton.
Election.
At the 1999 European Parliament election, Foster was selected by Conservatives in the North West as fifth on their list. She won the last seat available on the list system.
Work as an MEP.
In her first term she was a Member of the Industry committee and was the Conservative Spokesman on Transport & Tourism. Foster tried to seek a ruling under European transport directives that the Mersey Tunnels Bill was illegal; the Bill allowed the Merseyside Passenger Transport Executive to make regular increases in the tolls for the tunnels, and to spend the money on transport elsewhere in Merseyside.
Following 9/11 Foster acted as rapporteur for a Regulation which introduced harmonised security rules across Europe. This included new rules which meant that airport staff be security screened when entering secure areas. The European Parliament agreed but the European Council of Ministers put off negotiations due to opposition by the governments of the Netherlands, Austria, Finland and Germany. Nevertheless, the legislation went through. She supported moves to require airlines to compensate passengers 'bumped' from flights. In March 2003 she pointed out that the laws requiring children to wear seatbelts did not apply on school buses.
Defeat and Reelection.
Foster was reselected to fight the 2004 European Parliament election in fourth position on the Conservative list, so was not re-elected when the Conservatives won only three seats. Having specialised in the aviation sector, she worked for and represented the aerospace, space & defence industries in Brussels between 2005 - 2009.
In 2009 she was placed third on the Conservative list for the North West region in the European Parliament election and was elected once again as an MEP, with the Conservatives winning three seats for a second time. She was, again, appointed as the Transport Spokesman and also served as a Vice President of the Sky & Space and Animal Welfare Parliamentary Intergroups and as a Member of the EU-US. Delegation. She was elected as Deputy Leader of the Conservative MEPs in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9813810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813810" title="Bryan Mudryk">
Bryan Mudryk

Bryan Mudryk (born July 13, 1979, in Athabasca, Alberta, Canada), son of principal at Boyle School, Bob Mudryk, is a Canadian sports anchor for TSN. He currently co-hosts the 10 PM and 2 AM ET weekend editions of SportsCentre, along with Kate Beirness. He joined TSN in October 2005.
Prior to joining TSN, Mudryk was a sports anchor and reporter at CTV Edmonton between 2001 and 2005. From 1999 to 2001, he reported on sports for A Channel Winnipeg.
Mudryk is a graduate of the Radio and Television Arts programme at the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology.
In 2009, Mudryk replaced Rod Black as TSN's secondary curling announcer. He called the early rounds of the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier and called curling at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
He is also a cancer survivor, having fought Hodgkin's lymphoma at the age of nineteen.

</doc>
<doc id="9813861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813861" title="Tingvoll Church">
Tingvoll Church

Tingvoll Church () is a parish church in Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is located in the village of Tingvollvågen. The church is the main church of the Tingvoll parish, in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church is one of the few remaining old stone churches that was built in Norway. There is some uncertainty as to when it was actually constructed, but records indicate it was between 1150 and 1200. The 800+ year old church in Tingvoll and the large angular farmhouse beside it, lie on a beautiful spot on the north side of the Tingvollfjorden, just outside of the village of Tingvollvågen off of the Norwegian National Road 70. The church was built here because in the Viking age, Tingvoll was a court place for all of the Nordmøre region, which is why the church is sometimes called "Nordmørsdomen", meaning the Nordmøre cathedral.
Design.
The church is long and the steeple and spire (added in 1787) is tall. The thick walls have corridors inside, both on the south side and on the north side. The corridors lead to steep stairs up to the crown of the wall under the rafters and then down again with the same steep pitch. It is a mystery why they were constructed. So also a balcony outside under the gable, located above the chancel. The church is richly decorated. From the painted walls in the weaponhouse, the whitewash paintings inside the nave, to the arc ceiling in the chancel which is adorned with stars and "half" moons. In the chancel wall, behind the top of the altarpiece, there is a marble rock with runic inscriptions. This inscription contains a prayer and also what is believed to be the name of the constructor - Gunnar. In 1928-1929 the church underwent some restoration work.

</doc>
<doc id="9813863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813863" title="Solidago juncea">
Solidago juncea

Solidago juncea (Early goldenrod, Plume golden-rod, Yellow tops) is an herbaceous perennial plant of the family Asteraceae native to Canada and the United States. It is often grown as a wildflower.

</doc>
<doc id="9813870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813870" title="Lichtenstein, Saxony">
Lichtenstein, Saxony

Lichtenstein is a town in the Zwickau district, in Saxony, Germany. It is situated 11 km northeast of Zwickau, and 22 km southwest of Chemnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="9813888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813888" title="Celithemis fasciata">
Celithemis fasciata

The Banded Pennant ("Celithemis fasciata") is a dragonfly in the skimmer family. It is native to the United States, where it is found in the south-central, southeastern, and eastern regions.
The extensive, sharply defined black markings on its wings are distinctive, but the pattern varies considerably; individuals from the northern part of its range tend to have less wing coloration. It is about long. 
It lives around ponds, lakes, and ditches.

</doc>
<doc id="9813899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813899" title="Arizona State Route 261">
Arizona State Route 261

State Route 261 (SR 261) is a highway in Apache County, Arizona that runs from its junction with SR 260 west of Eagar to its junction with SR 273 north of Big Lake. It winds through the forest but is overall a north–south route.
Route description.
The southern terminus of SR 261 is located at a junction with SR 273 north of Big Lake. It heads northeast from this intersection and generally follows this heading for its entire length. There are several portions of the highway that wind through the area to follow the terrain as the highway nears its northern terminus. The highway reaches its northern terminus at a junction with SR 260 within the Eagar city limits. SR 261 travels through sparsely propulated areas and does not pass through any cities or towns. It serves primarily as an access road to Big Lake, as well as general access to the White Mountains.
History.
To prevent mileposts from being used twice, a portion of the nearby SR 273 was renumbered to SR 261 in 1991, establishing the state highway. The scenic route was established in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9813901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813901" title="U.S. Route 31 in Michigan">
U.S. Route 31 in Michigan

US Highway 31 (US 31) is a part of the United States Numbered Highway System that runs from Alabama to the Lower Peninsula of the US state of Michigan. In Michigan, it is a state trunkline highway that runs from the Indiana–Michigan state line at Bertrand Township north to its terminus at Interstate 75 (I-75) south of Mackinaw City. Along its route, US 31 follows the Michigan section of the St. Joseph Valley Parkway as well as other freeways and divided highways northward to Ludington. North of there, the trunkline is a rural undivided highway through the Northern Michigan tourist destinations of Traverse City and Petoskey before terminating south of Mackinaw City. Along its route, US 31 has been dedicated in memory of a few different organizations, and sections of it carry the Lake Michigan Circle Tour (LMCT) moniker. Four bridges used by the highway have been recognized for their historic character as well.
The first highways along the route of the modern US 31 corridor were the West Michigan Pike, an auto trail from 1913, and later a pair of state trunklines (the original M-11 and M-58) in 1919. These state highways were redesignated US 31 on November 11, 1926, when the US Highway System was approved. Since then, the highway has been realigned in places. The highway crossed the Straits of Mackinac by ferry for about a decade in the 1920s and 1930s before the Mackinac Bridge was built, connecting to US 2 north of St. Ignace. Later, sections were converted into freeways starting in the 1950s. These segments opened through the subsequent decades with the last one opening in 2003. Future plans by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) are to finish the St. Joseph Valley Parkway and bypass Grand Haven.
Route description.
Between Lake Michigan Beach and the northern terminus south of Mackinaw City, most of US 31 forms a portion of the Lake Michigan Circle Tour (LMCT) except where the various business loops run between the main highway and Lake Michigan. Additionally, much of the highway from the Indiana–Michigan state line to Ludington is built to freeway standards. Two notable exceptions are a short segment along Napier Avenue between the St. Joseph Valley Parkway and I-94 near Benton Harbor, and between Holland and Ferrysburg. The remainder of US 31 is a two- or four-lane highway with some sections in cities comprising five lanes. The entire length of the highway is listed on the National Highway System, a network of roads important to the US's economy, defense, and mobility.
St. Joseph Valley Parkway and I-196.
US 31 and the St. Joseph Valley Parkway crosses into Michigan from Indiana southwest of Niles and parallels the St. Joseph River as the two run northward through southwest Michigan. The freeway passes through farmland before crossing US 12 at the first of a set of three interchanges located between Niles on the east and Buchanan on the west. US 31 crosses the river north of the interchange with Niles–Buchanan Road. North of the Walton Road interchange, the freeway turns northwesterly to recross the St. Joseph River near Lake Chapin south of Berrien Springs. The parkway curves around the west side of town before crossing the river for a third time. As US 31 continues northward parallel to the river, it enters the eastern fringes of the Benton Harbor–St. Joseph area. Traffic is forced to exit the freeway at the interchange with Napier Road although the freeway continues northward for less than .
After separating from its freeway, US 31 turns west along Napier Avenue for about before meeting I-94 and merging with it. I-94/US 31 runs concurrently on a northeasterly course through a partial interchange with Business Loop I-94 (BL I-94) before meeting the southern end of I-196 in Benton Charter Township. At this trumpet interchange, I-196/US 31 runs north from I-94 and passes to the west of the Point O'Woods Golf & Country Club. It continues northward in rural Berrien County through farm fields. The trunkline turns northwesterly near the Lake Michigan Hills Golf Course and crosses the Paw Paw River. Past the river, the freeway turns northeasterly and runs roughly parallel to the Lake Michigan shoreline several miles inland. At the community of Lake Michigan Beach, I-196/US 31 meets the northern terminus of M-63 at exit 7, and the LMCT joins the freeway for the first time. North of this interchange, the freeway parallels a county road (A-2, the Blue Star Highway) that is the former route of US 31.
Further north, I-196/US 31 crosses into Van Buren County and assumes the Gerald R. Ford Freeway name. The inland side of the freeway is forested while the lakeward side is predominantly either forest or fields. As it approaches South Haven, the freeway passes near the Palisades Nuclear Generating Station and Van Buren State Park. North of the power plant and park, the freeway turns farther inland to bypass the city of South Haven. There is an interchange on the south side of town that provides access to BL I-196 and M-140. The freeway crosses over M-43 without an interchange and then intersects the other end of the business loop about later. It crosses the Black River near the Van Buren–Allegan county line.
In Allegan County, I-196/US 31 passes a pair of golf courses and continues northward through farm fields. Near the community of Glenn, A-2 crosses over the freeway and runs parallel to it on the east. The two roads trade places again when I-196/US 31 turns northeasterly on the south side of the twin cities of Saugatuck and Douglas. The freeway crosses over a section of Kalamazoo Lake, a wider section of the Kalamazoo River that flows between the two towns. A-2 crosses back to the eastern side of the freeway north of Saugatuck, and I-196/US 31 continues north-northeasterly toward Holland.
On the south side of Holland, US 31 and I-196 separate as the Interstate turns northeasterly around the city to continue to Grand Rapids. US 31 follows the BL I-196 freeway northward into Holland around the north side of the West Michigan Regional Airport. The business loop has an interchange for A-2 (Blue Star Highway) and Washington Avenue before the freeway ends in the southern reaches of Holland. The trunkline then runs as a divided highway northward, bypassing downtown Holland to the east and intersecting M-40. Northeast of downtown Holland, BL I-196 leaves US 31 and the LMCT at an interchange to follow an expressway along the route of Chicago Drive while US 31 turns northwesterly on its own expressway alignment.
West Michigan.
Northwest of Holland, the highway runs as a four-lane expressway and divided highway parallel, but inland from, the Lake Michigan shoreline. This section of US 31 runs through a mix of farm fields and forests as it runs to the community of Agnew. There, US 31 intersects the western end of M-45 (Lake Michigan Drive) before continuing into the southern end of Grand Haven. In that city, the highway follows a four-lane boulevard with a grass median. On the northern edge of the city of Grand Haven, US 31 crosses the Grand River on a bascule bridge that opens about 450–500 times per year. North of the structure, US 31 transitions into a freeway at the interchange with the western end of M-104 in Ferrysburg. This freeway continues northward through the suburban edges of the Muskegon area and meets the western end of I-96 near the Muskegon County Airport in Norton Shores.
At this interchange with I-96, US 31 has its southernmost business loop as U.S. Route 31 Business runs westerly and northward into downtown Muskegon. The main freeway continues through the suburban eastern edge of the city through several interchanges, including one with M-46 (Apple Avenue). Just south of the Muskegon River, the business loop merges back into the main freeway. US 31 crosses the river and turns northwesterly through forests. The freeway passes to the east of Michigan's Adventure, an amusement park, and crosses the White River near the communities of Whitehall and Montague; a business loop curves off to the west to connect the two communities with the freeway. In this area, US 31 runs through the southern portion of the Manistee National Forest as well.
As the freeway continues northward, US 31 intersects the western end of M-20 in New Era in Oceana County. The landscape in this area is dominated by forest land as the trunkline crosses the Hart-Montague Trail State Park, a linear state park that follows a bike trail in the area. North of the trail crossing, US 31 has a business spur for Hart that runs east into that town; north of this interchange, the freeway crosses the Pentwater River near the community of Pentwater which also has its own business loop.
North of Pentwater, US 31 crosses into Mason County and passes Bass Lake and the Ludington Pumped Storage Power Plant, which uses a reservoir next to the freeway to generate electricity. Just north of that reservoir, the freeway turns to the northeast and Ludington's business spur runs off to the northwest. US 31 curves around the east side of Ludington, crossing the Pere Marquette River. Due east of downtown, the freeway ends and US 31 turns east to merge with US 10. The concurrent highways follow a four-lane roadway to Scottville. On the west side of that town, US 31 separates from US 10, turning northward to bypass Scottville.
Northwest Michigan.
US 31 runs due north through Northwest Michigan forest land bypassing Freesoil to the west. Northwest of that town, the highway crosses the Big Sable River before entering Manistee County. Across the county line, the trunkline runs northwesterly parallel to Manistee Lake as US 31 enters Manistee. The highway follows Cypress Street to a drawbridge over the Manistee River and then Cleveland Street on the northern side. As the trunkline rounds the northern shore of Manistee Lake, it passes the SS "City of Milwaukee, a car ferry preserved as a museum. From there, the highway runs northeasterly, intersecting the western end of M-55 (Caberfae Highway). Next to the Little River Casino, the highway intersects the southern end of M-22 (Orchard Highway), and the LMCT separates from US 31.
The highway continues on a northeasterly course running inland along Chippewa Highway to the community of Bear Lake. US 31 rounds the east side of the community's namesake body of water on Lake Street and exits town on Pleasanton Highway. The trunkline continues northward and northeasterly through Pleasanton and crosses into Benzie County. Over the county line, it follows Benzie Highway northward to an intersection with M-115 (Cadillac Highway). The two merge and run north into Benzonia, following Michigan Avenue in town. Near the south shore of Crystal Lake, M-115 turns westward toward Frankfort and US 31 follows Michigan Avenue into Beulah, running around the eastern end of the lake. Near the eastern end of Platte Lake, US 31 turns to run easterly into Honor before crossing into Grand Traverse County.
Across the county line, US 31 continues eastward, passing north of the community of Interlochen. At Interlochen Corners, it intersects M-137. The highway then angles northeasterly north of Duck Lake and south of Silver Lake. A few miles farther east, US 31 meets M-37 at a location known as Chums Corners. The two highways join and run northward through the unincorporated community. It passes Wuerfel Park, the home stadium for the Traverse City Beach Bums, a minor-league baseball team. From there, US 31/M-37 runs downhill into Garfield Township. In this area, the highway passes through a cluster of retail stores and car dealerships near the Grand Traverse Mall. North of the intersection with 14th Street, the trunkline follows Division Street into Traverse City. From there it runs to the east of Grand Traverse Commons, the former Traverse City State Hospital, before US 31/M-37 meets Grandview Parkway next to the West Arm of the Grand Traverse Bay.
At that intersection, the trunkline meets the northern end of M-22, which is running concurrently with M-72 along the parkway. As US 31/M-37 turns east to run along the bay north of downtown, the highway merges with M-72 and picks up the LMCT again. Grandview Parkway runs between the Boardman River and the bay. Near the mouth of the river, US 31/M-37/M-72 turns to follow Front Street along the remainder of the bay's shoreline. At Garfield Avenue, M-37 turns northward to run up the Old Mission Peninsula, and US 31/M-72 continues across the base of the peninsula to the East Arm of the Grand Traverse Bay. The highway runs north of the Cherry Capital Airport near the east arm as it angles southwesterly to Traverse City State Park. East of the park, the trunkline exits suburban Traverse City and rounds the bay to run northward along its eastern shore. In the community of Acme, M-72 turns eastward while US 31 continues north past the Grand Traverse Resort.
About north of Acme, US 31 crosses into Antrim County as it runs between Elk Lake and the Grand Traverse Bay. Between towns, the landscape is mostly agricultural lands with mixed patches of forest. A few miles north of the county line, the trunkline passes through Elk Rapids and crosses a channel connecting the Spencer Bay portion of Elk Lake to Lake Michigan. North of this crossing, US 31 continues northeasterly, running on an isthmus between Torch Lake and Grand Traverse Bay. The highway passes through Eastport at the northern end of Torch Lake and intersects the western end of M-88. Further north, US 31 runs through Atwood and crosses into Charlevoix County.
North to the Straits Area.
As US 31 curves around to the northeast and east in Charlevoix County, it follows a section of the Lake Michigan shoreline that is not considered to be part of any bay. The highway continues through Northern Michigan agricultural areas to the southeast of Charlevoix. Once it enters the city, the trunkline intersects the northern end of M-66 and follows a series of city streets to a drawbridge over the channel that connects Lake Charlevoix to Lake Michigan. South of the structure it is Bridge Street, and north of the bridge it is Michigan Avenue. The highway turns eastward to exit town on Petoskey Avenue and follow the Lake Michigan shoreline. Near the community of Bay Shore, US 31 crosses into Emmet County. The trunkline continues past the Bay Harbor development on Charlevoix Avenue into the city of Petoskey.
Once in Petoskey, US 31 intersects the northern end of US 131 (Spring Street) and turns northward along Spring Street through downtown. The highway curves around to follow Mitchell Street to cross the Bear River and then follow Bay View Road. US 31 runs along the Little Traverse Bay through the eastern end of Petoskey and into Bay View. From there, it intersects the southern end of M-119 and passes through a pair of small towns, Conway and Oden, that border inland lakes like Round Lake and various bays of Crooked Lake.
North of Oden, US 31 runs through Ponshewaing before entering the village of Alanson. There the highway intersects the western end of M-68 and runs parallel to the Crooked River, part of the Inland Waterway. North of town, US 31 runs through the town of Brutus before entering Pellston. The highway runs past the Pellston Regional Airport and continues due north to Levering. From there, US 31 turns northwesterly and then northeasterly on Mackinaw Highway to round Carp Lake. North of the lake, US 31 follows a limited-access highway into Cheboygan County. Less than east of the county line, US 31 connects to I-75 in a partial interchange. At this interchange, northbound traffic defaults onto northbound I-75 and US 31 terminates.
History.
Predecessor highways.
The first major overland transportation corridors in the future state of Michigan were the Indian trails. Only one of these followed part of the path of US 31; the Mackinac Trail roughly paralleled the route of US 31 from Petoskey northward.
In the age of the auto trail, the roads that later formed US 31 through Michigan were given a few different highway names. The West Michigan Lake Shore Highway Association was founded on January 10, 1912, and the group reorganized on May 30, 1913, as the West Michigan Pike Association. Their auto trail was marked by a series of concrete markers tall along the roadway from the Indiana state line northward to Mackinaw City.
The highway was also a part of the Western Mainline of the Dixie Highway in Michigan, another auto trail that was built starting in 1915. In 1916, the northern junction between the West Michigan Pike and the East Michigan Pike, which served as the connection for the two mainlines of the Dixie Highway in Michigan in Mackinaw City, was marked with a stone monument at the junction of Central Avenue and Huron Street. By the middle of 1921, the trail used about of roadways along its western branch parallel to Lake Michigan. Michigan led all other states in the Dixie Highway Association by 1922 at improvements to its sections of the roadway.
The State Trunkline Highway System was created on May 13, 1913, by an act of the Michigan Legislature; at the time, one of the system's divisions corresponded to US 31. Division 5 followed a course from Niles northward to Mackinaw City. In 1919, the Michigan State Highway Department (MSHD) signposted the highway system for the first time, and the future US 31 corridor was assigned two numbers. From the state line north through Niles to St. Joseph, it carried the original M-58 designation and from there northward it was the original M-11.
US Highway System era.
The American Association of State Highway Officials (AASHO) approved the United States Numbered Highway System on November 11, 1926, and the MSHD designated US 31 in Michigan according to AASHO's plan to run northward from the Indiana state line and along the Lake Michigan shoreline to Mackinaw City. A section in the Benton Harbor–St. Joseph area overlapped US 12 and the modern concurrency with US 10 was also in place. By the end of the next year, the highway was extended across the Straits of Mackinac on the state car ferries to connect to US 2 in the Upper Peninsula north of St. Ignace. In 1930, Muskegon was bypassed; the new highway east of downtown was numbered US 31A.
By the end of 1936, the last section of US 31 in the state was paved near Charlevoix, making the entire highway in Michigan a hard-surfaced road. Early the next year, the route of US 2 was realigned to run into St. Ignace; after the change, US 2 and US 31 ran concurrently. Later that year, a set of curves were straightened out south of Ludington and the routes of US 31 and a US 31A between Saugatuck and Holland were switched, and US 31 was realigned to bypass downtown Ludington.
In 1938, the southern end of US 31 was given a second designation when US 33 was extended into the state from Indiana to terminate in St. Joseph. Later that year, the US 31A in the Holland area was decommissioned. The next year, the US 31 concurrency was removed from US 2 in the Upper Peninsula and the former highway no longer crossed the Straits of Mackinac, terminating instead in Mackinaw City. By the early 1940, the Muskegon Bypass was given the US 31 designation, and the route downtown was redesignated US 31A.
During World War II, a bypass of downtown South Haven was built; the former route of US 31 through the heart of the city was designated BUS US 31 at that time. After the war, the route of US 31 north of Charlevoix was realigned to follow the shoreline; this section opened by the middle of 1949. The route of the highway between Holland and West Olive was changed to run on a more angular course northwesterly in 1950. A few years later, a bypass to the south and east of Holland opened and the former route through down was redesignated as a business loop in 1954.
Freeway era.
On November 1, 1957, the Mackinac Bridge opened to traffic. For the opening of the bridge, the highways coming into Mackinaw City from the south were realigned to connect to it; US 31 terminated at the southern approach to the Mackinac Bridge. In November 1960, sections of I-75's freeway opened from Indian River north to the southern Mackinac Bridge approaches, and US 31 was rerouted to follow segments of that freeway from the current northern terminus south of Mackinaw City northward. By the end of the decade, another freeway segment opened along the Muskegon Bypass as well. The next year, US 33 was extended northward along US 31 from St. Joseph for about .
In 1962, a section of freeway along US 31 was opened between I-94 and the Berrien–Van Buren county line. This section was originally designated as part of I-96/US 31; the former route near the lakeshore became just US 33. The MSHD petitioned federal highway officials to switch the Interstate designations west of Grand Rapids, reversing the I-96 and I-196 numbers to their current configurations. After the designation switch was approved in 1963, an additional was opened from the northern end of the freeway near Benton Harbor to Holland as I-196/US 31. The freeway was also extended northward from Muskegon to the Muskegon–Oceana county line north of Montague in 1963.
When I-196 was completed between Holland and Grandville in 1974, the BL I-196 designation was applied along US 31 and BUS US 31. The next year, the US 31 freeway was extended northward into Oceana County to New Era. In 1976, this freeway was lengthened further to Hart. The section of I-196/US 31 in all but Berrien County was dedicated as the "Gerald R. Ford Freeway" in July 1978. Also that year, the US 31 freeway was extended to the southern side of Pentwater.
At the end of the 1970s and into the early 1990s, US 31 gained additional freeway segments on both ends of the highway. The first section of the St. Joseph Valley Parkway was completed in 1979 and ran from the Indiana state line north to US 12. The freeway was extended northward from Pentwater to the Oceana–Mason county line in 1980. Construction of the Niles Bypass was finished in 1987, bringing the parkway north to Walton Road northwest of Niles. BUS US 31 was created along the former routing in Niles. The northern freeway was extended further into Mason County in two stages. In 1989, it was expanded to the south side of Ludington. The next year, Ludington was bypassed, completing the freeway to its current northern end at US 10 east of town. One more bypass, this time a non-freeway routing to the west of Scottville, opened in 1991. The Berrien Springs Bypass was completed in late 1992. Since then, MDOT built a freeway segment north from Berrien Springs to Napier Avenue that was opened on August 27, 2003, at a cost of $97 million (equivalent to $ in ). The last change to the routing of US 31 occurred in August 2004 when the route of BUS US 31 in Holland was turned back to local control; BL I-196 was rerouted to follow US 31 around downtown instead of following the former business loop through it.
Future.
Completion of the St. Joseph Valley Parkway.
The MSHD started studies for a freeway routing of US 31 from the state line northward to I-94 in 1967. The first section northward to Niles was approved in 1972, and the remainder of the route was approved in 1981. Since then, MDOT re-evaluated the St. Joseph Valley Parkway extension east of Benton Harbor, due to environmental, economic, and historical site issues. One of the environmental concerns that was studied relates to the habitat of an endangered species, the Mitchell's Satyr butterfly, which has its habitat in the area of the proposed freeway. The habitat is home to the second-largest population of the rare butterfly. The freeway between Niles and Benton Harbor was planned as a series of five segments when approved in 1981. Since that approval, the butterfly was discovered in the Blue Creek Fen in the late 1980s, and it was listed as an endangered species in 1992. This listing stalled MDOT's planning and construction of the fifth freeway segment north of Berrien Springs. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) issued an opinion two years later that the project would jeopardize the species. MDOT was given permission to modify the previously approved freeway to cross the Blue Creek on longer bridges; the USFWS also required that any construction be done from elevated platforms, among other restrictions. In the interim, MDOT proceeded with construction of the southern portion of the last freeway segment, completing it northward from Berrien Springs to the Napier Avenue interchange in August 2003.
A revised environmental impact study to account for the butterfly's habitat in the northern area of the freeway was approved in 2004. The study compared the original routing for this extension that involved connecting directly to I-196 at I-94 with an alternate route that involved an indirection connection via the BL I-94 interchange and an I-94 concurrency near Benton Harbor. The study recommended using a version of the alternate connection to avoid the Blue Creek Fen, both to save money and decrease impact to the Mitchell's Satyr. At the time the freeway segment opened in 2003, MDOT expected the remaining segment would not take much longer to complete, but since then, funding has not been available. MDOT did not include construction of the extension was not included for this reason in the department's 2014–18 highway projects plan released in 2013, although most of the design work and land acquisition has been completed. Until the missing freeway segment is built, US 31 follows a stretch of Napier Avenue, which was upgraded in conjunction with the St. Joseph Valley Parkway opening to that point, westward to I-94. The US 31/I-94/BL I-94 interchange will be converted to a cloverleaf interchange and additional lanes will be added to I-94 as well. The St. Joseph Valley Parkway name has already been applied to this unbuilt section.
Bypassing Grand Haven.
, travelers must either use US 31 through Grand Haven or 68th Avenue through Eastmanville to cross the Grand River in Ottawa County. A new highway, part of a long-range plan to build a US 31 bypass of Grand Haven, will provide a river crossing almost equidistant between the two, greatly reducing drive times between areas north and south of the river. A drive from Nunica to Robinson is a trip; the new highway will provide a route closer to in length. Called M-231, this new highway will be a scaled-down bypass of US 31 through Grand Haven, even though it will not physically connect to that highway. , MDOT has completed work for this new highway, including a bridge over North Cedar Drive, additional ramps at the I-96 and M-104 interchange, and reconstruction and widening of M-104 near I-96. The department had also completed a reconfiguration of the intersection between M-104 and Cleveland Drive and widening the bridge that carries M-104 over I-96. The expected date of completion for M-231 is set for sometime in 2016 pending funding availability. MDOT plans to build of the new highway starting in 2013, including the bridges over the Grand River and Little Robinson Creek. The 2005 SAFETEA-LU transportation bill is providing funding earmarked for the project by US Representative Pete Hoekstra from Holland as well as matching funds from the state's Michigan Jobs Today program. The total cost of the project is expected to be near $150 million.
Memorial designations and tourist routes.
The sections of the route of US 31 in Michigan has been dedicated several times to various organizations. The route of US 33 in the state, which at the time was concurrent with US 31, was dedicated as the Blue & Gray Trail in 1938 to honor veterans of the American Civil War. The Blue Star Memorial Highway designation was applied to the highway to honor those serving in the military. The designation was dedicated on October 10, 1948 by the State Highway Commissioner Charles Ziegler.
In 1917, the Upper Peninsula Development Bureau created a tourist route that is a predecessor of the modern Great Lakes Circle Tours (GLCT). The Great Lakes Automobile Route was a series of roads on both the Upper and Lower peninsulas of Michigan. It included US 31 between Manistee and the Benton Harbor–St. Joseph area. The concept did not last a year; the American entry into World War I and a lack of focus on a single route consigned the idea into obscurity. The idea of a tourist route around the Great Lakes was revived in 1986 as a pet project of Michigan First Lady Paula Blanchard. MDOT and its counterparts in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Ontario created the GLCT scheme which includes the LMCT that follows US 31 from Lake Michigan Beach northward to Manistee and from Traverse City north to the terminus near Mackinaw City excluding locations where business loops run closer to the lake at South Haven, Muskegon, Whitehall–Montague and Pentwater.
A group of area residents has initiated an effort to have the former West Michigan Pike designated a Michigan Heritage Route. If successful, the road would be the longest to earn the designation, and the designation would prioritize the area for historic preservation grants. A Preserve America grant funded a survey from June 2007 through September 2010, the results of which were a set of reports through the Michigan State Historic Preservation Office on the historical nature of the West Michigan Pike. In 2011, the group was in the process of securing resolutions from municipalities along the highway in support of the designation. According to officials working on the heritage route, it can take up to seven years to complete the process.
Historic bridges.
MDOT maintains a listing of the historic bridges in the state; along US 31, the department has listed four structures. In downtown Charlevoix, the US-31–Island Lake Outlet Bridge carries the highway over a channel dredged between Lake Michigan and Round Lake that also connects to Lake Charlevoix. Built from 1947 through 1949, it is the fifth bridge at the location. It is a double-leaf bascule bridge. In Petoskey, the highway crosses Bear Creek on a concrete girder bridge built in 1930. At in length, it is the fourth longest such bridge in Michigan. In Manistee, the Manistee River is spanned by a double-leaf bascule bridge built in 1933. North of Hart in Pentwater Township, the US 31–Pentwater River Bridge is a long-span steel bridge that crosses the Pentwater River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 20, 1999. It carries Oceana Drive along a former routing of US 31.

</doc>
<doc id="9813942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813942" title="Mutasarrıf">
Mutasarrıf

In the Ottoman Empire, a mutasarrıf was an administrative authority of any of certain sanjaks, who were appointed directly by the Sultan. This administrative unit was sometimes independent (e.g., Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate or Cyprus) and sometimes was part of a vilayet (province), administered by a wali, and contained nahiye (communes), each administered by a kaymakam. This rank was established in 1864 against the new Law of Villayets instead of rank of mutesellim which was abolished in 1842.
"This small political unit was governed by a non-Lebanese Ottoman Christian subject and given the protection of European powers. The religious communities of the district were represented by a council that dealt directly with the governor. This system provided peace and prosperity until its abolition." 

</doc>
<doc id="9813946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813946" title="Manětín">
Manětín

Manětín (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the north from the region capital of Plzeň. Manětín is also a Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Kralovice Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9813948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813948" title="Rmaich">
Rmaich

Rmeish () is located in south Lebanon, Caza Beint Jbeil near the Lebanese-Israeli border covering an area of 20 km2. The ruins found in the village indicate that the area was occupied by the Romans and the Crusaders at some stage in history. It is believed that the first people to live in the village go back to the end of the 17th century..
Origin of the name.
The name Rmiesh comes from different origins:
Syriac: Rimshay : the levelled mount
Hebrew: Ramishay : The mount
Families.
The first families to live in Rmeish came from the areas of Kesourwan especially from the Khazen and Chidiac families. At the same time some other Christian families moved to the village after the Shiite family Al Asaad offered them protection.
The main families in Rmeish are:
Rmeish and Lebanon.
Before 1199, Rmeish was part of what it used to be called Jordan which included Jordan Syria and Palestine.
After 1199, Rmeish was included in the area occupied by the crusaders within the kingdom of Jerusalem.
In 1299, Rmeish was directly under the Ottoman Rule until 1920.
In 1920, Rmeish was included in was known as the State of Greater Lebanon..
Rmeish in war.
Rmeish was involved in many wars and battles through the history. The most important ones are:
Ahmad Basha burned down the church including all the records that were kept inside. The people of Rmeish refused to go back to their village until Ahmad Basha died in 1806 when they went back and rebuilt their church and village.
Compulsory Army Service.
When the Ottoman Empire entered the war, they forced everyone who’s age is between 18 and 60 to fight in the Turkish army. People from Rmeish were forced to fight in Bulgaria, Istanbul and the Suez Canal in Egypt.
Between 20 to 30 never came back from the war and no one knew anything about them till today.
1916 Famine.
A glittering cloud of locusts so large it blocked out the sun as it approached descended upon the farms destroying all wheat crops and stripping the prairie bare of all vegetation.
The famine decreased the number of the people living in Rmeish to about 450.
The Events of Ain Ebel in 1920.
In 1920, Ain Ebel was attacked by hundreds of Muslim militias. The leaders of Ain Ebel and Rmeish agreed to fight side by side against the attackers. The attackers attacked in large numbers that the defenders could not resist the attack and were forced to leave the villages to Palestine.
Annexation of Rmeish to Lebanon.
A petition was sent by all villages in south Lebanon to the Reconciliation Conference in Paris in 1919 asking for Rmeish and other villages to be included within Lebanon. The following is the petition:
“We call on the agreement and unanimity we, the residents of Tyre district of Shiites and Christians of forty thousands to be included in the State of Greater Lebanon for the following reasons: First, the Shiites of us are people form Sidon, Tyre, Marjayoun, El Rihan, Eklim El Kharoub and Hermel who truly want to join their nation. Second, Christians of us are of Lebanese origin and their ancestors came from the north to south. To the day they are relatives and want to join them.”
The Calamity of 1948.
Rmeish hosted in their homes and their church between 1000 and 1500 Palestinians refugees displaces by the bloody events that took place between Palestinians and Jews.
Once they realised that going back to their country is not going to happen in the near future, Palestinians started to leave Rmeish at the start of 1951 heading to Beirut and other parts of Lebanon.
The Deportation of 1985.
In 1985, the residents of east Saida were deported toward the south. 120 families were deported to Rmeish. Half of these families were to leave Rmeish within the next 2 months and the others stayed and lived in Rmeish until this day.
Immigration in the 20th century.
At the start of the 20th century Rmeish knew immigration on a large scale to South America especially to Argentina and Brazil because of the high taxes imposed by the Ottoman Empire.
It is believed that around 100 left to Argentina between 1905 and 1914
Schools.
The first school was opened in 1870 by The Jesuits but was closed in 1900 to reopen in 1920 to close again 1949.
From 1949 till 1955, the Pontifical mission opened a school for the Palestinians refugees.
From 1945, Rmeich Supplementary School was opened which closed down in 1992.
Our Lady of Lebanon School was opened in 1959.
In 1974 Rmeich high school was opened.
Churches.
Saint George church
Was originally built around 1700, to later destroyed in 1787 and then to be rebuilt in 1806. The church was Cohesive and strong therefore it survived the 1837 earthquake that destroyed the village. Between 1925 and 1929 it was knocked down and then rebuilt on a larger land.
Church of Transfiguration
In the 1970s, because of the rapid grow of the number of people living in Rmeich, and the impossible mission of expanding the saint George church, the people of Rmeich decided to build a new church. The work didn’t start until 1982 to finish only at the start of 2000.
Lady of the Annunciation Monastery
The building of the monastery was approved in 1983. By 1986 it was finished to be the first maronite monastery in south Lebanon.
Red Cross.
The red cross centre opened in 1968 to provide medical assistance to the people of the area. The centre was built in Rmeich because of its position halfway between the other 2 hospitals in the region. All the members in this centre are volunteers.
Politics.
Municipal Council
A number of rich and powerful personnel took the responsibility of managing the affairs of Rmeich and its people.
Municipal Elections
The Municipal election was held for the first time in 1961. It was based on an alliance of the majority of the main families against another alliance of the minority of the same families. Few hours before the elections, the two alliances meet and agreed on a head of the municipality council and a representation of all the families in the council.On that basis the first election was held in the village.
This council was behind a lot of projects, the most important are:
Parliamentary Elections
These elections reflected the agreement or disagreement of families. Usually the village has been split between supporters and opposition to the deputy or another; however they agreed once to vote for the same deputy.
The fist election was held in 1972, 2001 and the last was held in 2005. The problem with these elections is still the same, the division of electoral areas. The position of Rmeich within a Muslim dominated area meant that the votes will not make a difference. Until we get better divisions the votes of Rmeich will still be meaningless.
Local Administration 1975–1992
The local administration is a committee comprising representatives of all the families in the village. The Local Administration handled the municipal council and the mayor duties because of the events that happened at that time.
Natural disasters.
Rmeich suffered from many natural disasters, the most significant one was the earthquake of 1837 when an earthquake hit the village killing 35. The rest of the people were praying in the church that day and therefore were protected by the strong building of the church.
Rmeich was hit by few other earthquakes in 1887, 1888 and 1927 which caused the destruction of many houses without any casualties.
Tobacco.
Planting tobacco started in Rmeich halfway through the 18th century due to several natural factors: vast agricultural land, availability of irrigation water and farmers.
In 1883, the Ottoman government granted the right to monopolize the tobacco to the Regie Company. Rmeich residents did not abide by this resolution, which prompted the government to send a detachment of the army to end this situation. It ended after 8 days by the people of Rmeich agreeing on the decision.
Ruins.
Around Rmeich there are few mountains that were occupied by different people through the history, which still have some remains today. The people who lived in these mountains are the Romans and Muslims. The most important mountains are:
Katamoun The Romans lived in Katamoun around 2,000 years ago and transformed it to a military post where they built a fortress to protect their country. Until today some remains of the fortress can still be seen in the form of a 50mx50m fence.
Koura was occupied by the Romans and the Muslims who stayed there until the end of 1838 when they left because of an earthquake that hit the area. The ruins in that mountain are still standing till today.
Some other ruins in the form of old cemeteries found in different parts of the village which are believed to go back to the 4th century BC.

</doc>
<doc id="9813989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9813989" title="Marshall Napier">
Marshall Napier

Marshall James Napier is a New Zealand-born actor. He is the father of actress Jessica Napier and the uncle of actor James Napier.
Before becoming an actor, Napier worked variously as an art student, factory worker and truck driver. In 1988, he moved with his wife and two children, Reuben and Jessica, to Australia, to pursue a career in acting, and has worked in theatre, film, and television productions. In his 40's, he began writing plays.
Theatre.
A partial list of his theatre credits follows:
He has also written a play, now in production in New York's upper west side, entitled "Freak Winds", which he also stars in and directs.
Partial filmography.
Television Series.
the Neville Purvis Show
Activism.
In 2002, he and his daughter, Jessica Napier, won $64000 in the Australian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? for the "South Australian Animal Rights Group".

</doc>
<doc id="9814013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814013" title="Santa Ana, Santa Fe">
Santa Ana, Santa Fe

Santa Ana is a town located in the Province of Santa Fe, Argentina, in the General Obligado's Department, pertaining to the Municipality of Avellaneda. Is located 15 km at north of the city of Avellaneda and to 340 km to the north of the Capital City of Santa Fe. It limits the North with Flor de Oro, the South with Moussy, the East with El Timbo and the West with La Colmena.

</doc>
<doc id="9814016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814016" title="Arizona State Route 273">
Arizona State Route 273

State Route 273 (SR 273) is a state highway in Apache County, Arizona that runs from its junction with SR 260 west of Eagar to its junction with SR 261 north of Big Lake. It winds through the forest but is overall a north–south route.
Route description.
The northern terminus of SR 273 is located at SR 260 within the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation. It heads southeast from this intersection and passes along the east side of Sunrise Lake. The highway curves towards the east to the south of Sunrise Lake as it heads towards White Mountain Reservoir. The highway leaves the Indian Reservation as it approaches the reservoir. It curves towards the southeast as it passes the reservoir. It curves towards the south as it intersects a National Forest Service Road 87. The highway continues towards the south before curving back towards the east to a junction with SR 261. The highway curves back towards the south at this intersection. It continues south to its southern terminus at Big Lake.
SR 273 travels through sparsely propulated areas and does not pass through any cities or towns. It serves primarily as an access road to the Sunrise Ski Resort, one of the few ski resorts in Arizona, as well as general access to the White Mountains. It also provides access to Big Lake. The segment between Sunrise and Big Lake is an unpaved gravel road.

</doc>
<doc id="9814025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814025" title="Michael Carton">
Michael Carton

Michael Carton (born 4 September 1984) is a hurler for Dublin and O'Tooles. Michael won the 2006 Dublin Senior Hurling League with O'Tooles. The final finished on a scoreline of 2-14 to 0-05 with Carton scoring a goal and four points.[http://www.hill16.ie/viewstoryhill16.asp?mainheading=Word+on+The+Hill&id=7856&viewstory=yes] Carton was named on the 2006 Dublin Blue Stars team as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="9814030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814030" title="Lists of high schools in Paraguay">
Lists of high schools in Paraguay

This is a list of high schools in Paraguay, most of them are called "colegios", but there are also called "liceos", "escuelas", etc..

</doc>
<doc id="9814042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814042" title="Adelaide Livingstone">
Adelaide Livingstone

Dame Adelaide Stickney Lord Livingstone, DBE (died 1970) was responsible for organising the Peace Ballot in 1934-35 to gauge the British public's sentiment in the winds of upcoming war with a rearming and aggressive Germany led by Adolf Hitler.
Livingstone, described as "a nominal Conservative", was appointed secretary of the National Referendum Committee on 11 April 1935. She later became Vice President of the United Nations Association.
Livingstone authored "The Peace Ballot: The Official History" in 1935; although publisher Victor Gollancz was criticised for reportedly rushing to publish before the final votes had been tabulated.
Correspondence regarding the above; including Trades Union Congress ... support for; subsequent National Peace Ballot ... results of the ballot ... [documents including reports, memoranda are located in the Trades Union Congress archives.
International Peace Campaign.
This campaign emerged in early 1936, following the Peace Ballot organised in Britain by Dame Adelaide Livingstone. Its Joint Presidents were Viscount Cecil and Pierre Cot, Air Minister in the French "Popular Front" government.
The IPC aimed to co-ordinate the work of existing pacifist organisations and other groups opposed to war, and campaigned in support of the League of Nations on a policy of respect for treaty obligations, arms reduction and the peaceful resolution of conflict. After the outbreak of war, the campaign had difficulty sustaining its activities and was wound up in early 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="9814046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814046" title="Martinsburg Formation">
Martinsburg Formation

The Ordovician Martinsburg Formation (Om) is a mapped bedrock unit in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia. It is named for the town of Martinsburg, West Virginia for which it was first described. It is the dominant rock formation of the Great Valley in Pennsylvania.
Description.
The Martinsburg is defined as a gray to dark gray, and infrequently tan and purple shale and slate. Local members of impure sandstone; thin, argillaceous limestone or phyllitic shale are present in the Cumberland Valley and the Lehigh Valley.
The Martinsburg has three defined members in the Lehigh Valley: The Bushkill Member which is defined as the basal slate unit. The Ramseyburg Member which is composed on alternating turbidite sandstone units with interbeds of shale and siltstone. The Pen Argyl Member, which is the upermost slate unit with some minor phyllite and shale beds.
Depositional environment.
The shales (and slates) of the Martinsburg were deposited in a large forearc basin resulting in a flysch deposit. This basin was the result of a deepening sea due to the closing of the Iapetus Ocean. Turbidites are common in the Martinsburg due to underwater landslides stirring up sediments and rushing down a slope. Limestones were deposited upon peripheral bulges in the deep seas. A modern analog to the depositional history of the Martinsburg can be the Australia-East Timor tectonic setting.
Fossils.
In the Pen Argyl Member, both Graptolites and Conodonts are found. The Trilobite Cryptolithus and the brittle star Protasterina are common the Swatara Gap area.
Age.
The Martinsburg was deposited during the Upper Ordovician period between 457 and 445 (±5) million years ago. Near Hamburg PA, an allochthonous klippe of rocks (known as the Hamburg klippe) is a techtonic slice of Middle Ordovician sediments placed within the Martinsburg. The Martinsburg lies above and below erosinal unconformities. The Shawangunk Formation, Tuscarora Formation, and the Juniata Formation, all lie unconformably atop the Martinsburg. Below it, the Chambersburg Formations and Myerstown Formations lie on a possible unconformity.
Economic Uses.
Slate is still quarried out of the Martinsburg in the slate belt of Pennsylvania. Other quarries that exist in the shale partings use the rock as crushed stone for structural and other earth fill operations.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9814048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814048" title="Brian Kerwin">
Brian Kerwin

Brian Kerwin (born October 25, 1949) is an American actor.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Kerwin won the Theatre World Award in 1988 for the off-Broadway play "Emily". His Broadway theatre credits include the 1997 revival of "The Little Foxes" and the Elaine May comedy "After the Night and the Music" in 2005. That same year he starred in Edward Albee's "The Goat or Who is Sylvia?" at the Mark Taper Forum. In 1989 he had played Nick in a revival of Albee's "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" at the Doolittle Theatre (now the Ricardo Montalbán Theatre) in Los Angeles. The production, directed by the playwright, also featured Glenda Jackson and John Lithgow, with Cynthia Nixon as his character's wife, Honey. The production was not well received. He also played opposite Kathy Baker in the South Coast Repertory production of "The Man from Nebraska" in 2006. His most recent stage appearance was in the Broadway production "".
Kerwin's feature films include "Murphy's Romance", "Hard Promises", "27 Dresses" (as Katherine Heigl's character's father), "Torch Song Trilogy", "Love Field", "Jack", "King Kong Lives", "The Myth of Fingerprints", and "Debating Robert Lee". Kerwin has enjoyed an extensive career in television, beginning with the daytime serial "The Young and the Restless" in 1976. In addition to many television movies, his credits include a regular role on the Showtime series "Beggars and Choosers", recurring roles on "The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo", "The Chisholms" (four 1979 episodes as Gideon Chisholm), "Roseanne", "The West Wing", "Nip/Tuck" and "Big Love" and guest appearances in "The Love Boat", "Simon & Simon", "Highway to Heaven", "Murder, She Wrote", "St. Elsewhere", "Frasier", "Law & Order", "", "Boston Legal", "Medium", "Without a Trace", and "Desperate Housewives". In 2007, he joined the cast of the soap opera "One Life to Live". Brian was also in a television movie with Michelle Pfeiffer called "Tales from the Hollywood Hills: Natica Jackson". He played her married lover. His name was spelled Brain Kerwin in the credits.
Kerwin has been married to Jeanne Marie Troy since September 2, 1990. They have three children, Finn, Matilda, and Brennan. The family lives in New York City.
He is a 1967 alumnus of Homewood-Flossmoor High School in Flossmoor, Ill.
Awards.
He was nominated for a Daytime Emmy in the Outstanding Supporting Actor category in 2008, 2010 and 2011 for his work on "One Life to Live".

</doc>
<doc id="9814074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814074" title="Eishin Preston">
Eishin Preston

Eishin Preston (Japanese: エイシンプレストン, Chinese: 栄進寳蹄) (born 1997) is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in Japan and Hong Kong.
Sired by Green Dancer, 1991's leading sire in France and a son of English Triple Crown champion, Nijinsky, Eishin Preston's damsire Monteverdi was the son of Lyphard, who, like Nijinsky, was a son of Northern Dancer.
Eishin Preston won important graded stakes races in Japan under trainer Shuji Kitahashi. At Kyoto Racecourse, he was second in the 2001 and 2002 Mile Championship. Sent to compete at Hong Kong's Sha Tin Racecourse, he won the 2001 Hong Kong Mile then came back in 2002 and 2003 to win back-to-back runnings of the Queen Elizabeth II Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9814130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814130" title="Město Touškov">
Město Touškov

Město Touškov (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the northwest from the region capital of Plzeň.
Touřany is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Nýřany Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9814132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814132" title="CheckInstall">
CheckInstall

CheckInstall is a computer program for Unix-like operating systems which eases the installation and uninstallation of software compiled from source by making use of package management systems. After software compilation it can automatically generate a Slackware-, RPM-, or Debian-compatible package that can later be cleanly uninstalled through the appropriate package manager.
CheckInstall monitors the installation phase of a normal software build process and notes the files that are added to the system. It then builds a package that contains these files, using additional information gathered from the user. Finally, the files installed by the original run are removed and the package installed using the system package tools, so the package will be properly registered in the local installed packages database.
The primary benefits provided by CheckInstall versus simply running codice_1 are the ability to remove the package from the system using the system packaging tools, and the ability to install the resulting package on multiple machines. CheckInstall is sometimes cited as a mechanism for creating packages by open source projects in lieu of creating numerous platform-specific build packages.
Usage.
Checkinstall is usually used after running a configure script and make.
codice_2
After entering some information about the author and a package description you will get the folder where the generated package has been saved to.

</doc>
<doc id="9814161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814161" title="Gerhard Graf-Martinez">
Gerhard Graf-Martinez

Gerhard Graf-Martinez (born 1952 in Schorndorf, Baden-Württemberg) is a German Flamenco guitarist, author and composer. In 1982, he founded the Flamenco-Jazz trio “Modo Nuevo”. Being a member of the “Peña Flamenca Sierra Blanca Marbella”, he hosted the “Curso Internacional De La Guitarra Flamenca” in Marbella (Málaga) between 1984 and 1987. From 1987 to 1989, he performed as a duo together with a Jewish singer. Between 1989 and 1996, Graf-Martinez was regularly invited as docent to numerous international guitar seminars. He established “Guitar Days” in his home town, which he led until 1994. During 1989 and 1996, he was touring throughout Europe together with his wife, the flamenco dancer Lela de Fuenteprado. After that, Graf-Martinez worked more and more as an author. Since then he has worldwide published more than eight books - educational books with CDs, CD-ROM an DVDs - in English and in German.
In 2005 Gerhard Graf-Martinez was awarded the EduMedia-Award and the Comenius medal for his DVDs "Flamenco Guitar." The DVD “Gipsy Guitar - Rumbas Flamencas“ is nominated for the “digita 2009“, a quality award for digital media education.
Led by the passion to the Flamenco Graf-Martinez developed a special metronome software for the Flamenco rhythms.

</doc>
<doc id="9814171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814171" title="Netherlands Institute for Space Research">
Netherlands Institute for Space Research

SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research is the Dutch expertise institute for space research. The Institute develops and uses innovative technology for research in space, focusing on astrophysical research, Earth science and planetary research. SRON has a line of research into new and more sensitive sensors for X-rays and infrared radiation. 
SRON was founded in 1983 under the former names "Stichting Ruimteonderzoek Nederland" / "Space Research Organisation Netherlands". SRON is part of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO) and has facilities in Utrecht and in Groningen.
Science and technology.
The institute has about 200 staff who are employed at a support department and five divisions: High-Energy Astrophysics (HEA), Low-Energy Astrophysics (LEA), Earth and Planetary Science (EPS), Sensor Research and Technology (SR&T) and Engineering Division (ED).
Technology.
SRON’s ambition is to act as leading institute in the development of state-of-the-art satellite instruments for space research missions of ESA, NASA and other agencies. Through the years SRON technology has contributed to many ground-breaking space missions, mainly dedicated to mapping the infrared sky (e.g. IRAS, ISO, HIFI/Herschel), analyzing X-ray and gamma ray sources (e.g. CGRO/COMPTEL, Beppo-SAX, Chandra, XMM-Newton) and studying the Earth atmosphere (SCIAMACHY/ENVISAT). Examples of future missions to which SRON will contribute are SPICA (infrared), ASTRO-H (X-ray) and Sentinel 5 Precursor (Earth atmosphere). The institute is also planning contributions to missions which will study other planets in our solar system and beyond.
Technology development.
In various wavelength areas SRON’s sensors are already some of the most sensitive in the world. However, SRON is continuously looking for new ways to deploy even more sensitive sensors for the improved detection of cosmic radiation or for measurements of the atmosphere of the Earth and other planets. This requires longterm investments in the development of new sensors, electronics and specialist techniques. In the near future detectors shall increasingly take the shape of large chips with many megapixels, with a unique combination of two dimensional pictures and spectroscopy color resolving power. 
These detectors require the development of new advanced electronics, smart control software, extreme cooling techniques and novel materials. SRON develops a new generation of detectors, and the necessary read-out and control electronics, for international missions in the submillimeter and far-infrared areas. For example, such extremely sensitive detectors are needed in SPICA/ SAFARI so that we can learn more about protoplanetary discs and the formation of planets. For SPICA/ SAFARI SRON is currently working on Transition Edge Sensors (TES).
National and international partners.
Customers are on the one hand the international organizations with which SRON cooperates in bilateral, European or global projects. On the other hand, there is science as the customer: scientists from the Universities in Utrecht, Groningen and Leiden, and outside the Dutch borders for example with DLR.

</doc>
<doc id="9814177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814177" title="2007 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, known for sponsorship reasons as the 2007 State Farm Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, or informally as Arch Madness 2007, is the championship tournament for men's basketball teams of the Missouri Valley Conference. It was held in St. Louis, Missouri, and Creighton, the champion, received an automatic berth in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. The tournament was contested by the men's basketball teams of each of the MVC's 10 schools, with seedings based on regular-season conference records. The 2007 edition ran from 1 March until 4 March 2007.<br clear>
Seeds.
All Missouri Valley Conference schools played in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9814180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814180" title="Debel, Lebanon">
Debel, Lebanon

Debel (also spelled Dibil, Arabic: دبل) is a Lebanese village located in the caza of Bint Jbeil in the Nabatiye Governorate in Lebanon.
Geography.
Debel occupies several hills with elevation ranging from 560 to 650 meters above sea level. The main agricultural products of Debel are olives and tobacco.
Demography.
The people of Debel are Lebanese and are followers of the Maronite Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9814202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814202" title="WCHB">
WCHB

WCHB is an American AM radio station licensed to Taylor, Michigan, at 1200 kHz, and serving the Detroit market. Owned by Radio One, WCHB identifies as NewsTalk 1200 and 99.9 FM WCHB, and airs a News/Talk format, with Smooth Jazz during the late evening and overnight hours. Its studios along with those of WGPR, WPZR and WDMK are on Detroit's lower eastside and its transmitter is in Romulus.
History.
AM 1440 WCHB.
The WCHB call letters date back to 1956, when the station signed on as a 1,000-watt daytimer at 1440 on the AM dial licensed to Inkster, Michigan. The call letters stood for Dr. Wendell Cox and Dr. Haley Bell, who owned and operated the station under the "Bell Broadcasting" banner.
WCHB was one of the earliest radio station in the United States to be built from the ground up by black owners, and with an R&B format, quickly became a visible presence in Detroit's black community. Early on, WCHB aimed to be an all-purpose full-service station for Detroit's African-American community, featuring not only R&B hits, but also gospel music, jazz, talk shows, and even a "Tweeny Time" show for two-to-six-year-olds. By the late 1960s, however, the popularity of the Motown sound, in addition to competition from WJLB (then an AM station at 1400 on the dial, now WDTK) and FM upstart WGPR, led WCHB to adopt a more Top 40-style presentation to the soul format. Locally owned for many years by Bell Broadcasting, WCHB signed on an FM sister, 105.9 WCHD, in 1960, which later changed its calls to WJZZ and became Detroit's most popular jazz station. 105.9 is still co-owned with the AM station by Radio One as WDMK.
WCHB experimented with a disco-based format for a time during the late 1970s and early 1980s. However, WCHB saw its ratings sink during the 1980s as FM urban contemporary stations like WJLB (which moved its format from the AM to the FM dial in 1980) and WDRQ grabbed much of its audience. The station eventually returned to its roots of being a full-service voice for the African-American community.
AM 1200 WCHB.
The WCHB calls moved to their current home at 1200 kHz in February 1990, as AM 1440 moved into a gospel format as WMKM (now WDRJ).
In 1998, Bell Broadcasting sold WCHB-AM and WCHB-FM (formerly WJZZ, later WDTJ and now WDMK) to Radio One. Radio One then set about the process of upgrading WCHB-AM's signal, which involved taking the station off the air for several months in August 1998 to upgrade the equipment and purchasing WKNX-AM 1210 in Frankenmuth and moving it to Kingsley, near Traverse City in northern Michigan (see also WLDR and WJML), to allow the 1200 signal to upgrade. WCHB resurfaced in March 1999 with a new 50,000-watt daytime/15,000-watt nighttime signal and with a format of mainly gospel music, with a morning talk show, "Inside Detroit," hosted by outspoken Detroit personality and former WJLB-FM newscaster Mildred Gaddis.
NewsTalk 1200 WCHB.
In April 2005, WCHB cut back its gospel programming to 9 p.m. to 6 a.m. weekdays and around the clock on weekends to make way for Radio One's syndicated lineup.
Beginning on January 30, 2006, "Radio One" debuted Syndication One, a joint venture of Radio One and REACH Media which featured urban talk show hosts Reverend Al Sharpton, Michael Eric Dyson and Doug & Ryan Stewart – the 2 Live Stews sports show. Mildred Gaddis' "Inside Detroit" remains a part of the schedule and airs from 6-10 a.m. weekdays. Another local show, "Your Voice with Angelo Henderson," hosted by Wall Street Journal columnist Angelo Henderson also airs weekdays from 10 a.m.-1 p.m.
The shows were also simultaneously placed on other Radio One stations, including WILD 1090 in Boston, WOL 1450 in Washington, DC., WVCG 1080 in Miami, WERE 1300 in Cleveland and WROU 1240 in Richmond, Virginia. Cox Radio's Birmingham station, WPSB 1320, also picked up each of the shows.
In March 2007, Michael Eric Dyson left the show and Syndication One. He was replaced by The Warren Ballentine Show, hosted by attorney Warren Ballentine, who refers himself as "The People’s Attorney" and radio "Truth Fighter".
On April 30, 2007, WCHB welcomed Parker & the Man to the weekly line-up. The show, hosted by sports journalist Rob Parker and broadcaster Mark Wilson. Parker is a columnist for the Detroit News and a regular contributor on ESPN2's "First Take". Wilson is a former Associated Press and Michigan Association of Broadcasters' ""Michigan Sportscaster of the Year"." Parker & the Man, who were previously heard on Detroit FM station Live 97.1 WKRK, initially ran from 9 p.m-12 a.m. They were consistently among the top shows with men 25-54 while at WKRK, which is now known as 97.1 The Ticket.
In the fall of 2007, after the 2 Live Stews syndication deal was not renewed by Syndication One, Parker & the Man shifted to 4-7 p.m.
In June 2008, Parker and The Man was dropped from the station.
Gospel goes full time on AM 1200.
On June 9, 2008, at 10AM, News-Talk AM 1200 flipped formats to a full time gospel music station. Of its News-talk line-up, only morning host Mildred Gaddis remained with the station continuing her morning drive show. She was the only live host on the station; after her show, the station became automated. WCHB was known as AM 1200 WCHB, Mildred In The Morning and Inspiration All Day.
Return of NewsTalk 1200.
In 2009, WCHB reimaged itself as a News/Talk station again after failing to attract listeners with its Gospel format (the format was later relaunched in October 2011, this time on sister station WHTD). Gaddis remained in mornings, followed by Henderson, the syndicated Shapton, Ramona Prater's "F Club Radio Show" (a program geared towards a female audience), and Gayle King. Both Gaddis and Sharpton's shows are repeated after 8PM on weekdays. Gospel programming has been reduced to two hours, airing from 4 to 6 AM daily.
At some time during Saturday, October 15, 2011, WCHB moved an FM repeater station, W206BI, from 89.1 to 99.9 FM (becoming W260CB) and began testing on that frequency. W206BI/W260CB was a translator of Toledo's National Public Radio affiliate, WGTE-FM, owned by the Bell Broadcasting Company (owned by Haley Bell, former co-owner of WCHB) and licensed to Hamtramck at 89.1 FM, with an application to move up to 99.9 and repeat WDMK-FM. W260CB is now on the air permanently; technically, the station repeats WDMK-HD2, which is a slightly delayed simulcast of WCHB.
During the summer of 2012, WCHB added smooth jazz programming during late evening and overnight hours, restoring the format to the Detroit area on a part-time basis. Programming is from Broadcast Architecture's Smooth Jazz Network.

</doc>
<doc id="9814224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814224" title="London Buses route 427">
London Buses route 427

London Buses route 427 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Uxbridge station and Acton, it is operated by Metroline.
History.
The conversion of route 207 to articulated buses resulted in the route no longer being able to serve Uxbridge, due to tight turns in the town centre, so the route was split into two sections on 9 April 2005 with the western end between Uxbridge station and Acton was renumbered 427, running from Acton (AT) garage using Dennis Trident 2s cascaded from route 207.
Transport for London were proposing to build the West London Tram between Shepherd's Bush and Uxbridge, running along Uxbridge Road. The tram would have replaced the current routes 207, 427 and 607. Transport for London claimed that trams would carry more passengers and be more reliable, but due to the Crossrail project going ahead the plans were scrapped.
Upon being re-tendered, First London commenced a new contract on 10 April 2010, with new Wright Eclipse Gemini 2 bodied Volvo B9TLs. From the same date the route was due to be extended to Acton Town Hall in place of the former Horn Lane terminus, which was eventually put in effect in January 2011.
On 22 June 2013, route 427 was included in the sale of First London's Hayes garage to Metroline.
Controversy.
In July 2006 seven passengers on the route were attacked and robbed by a group calling themselves the "MDP".
On August 22, 2008, four youths received stab wounds during a brawl on a vehicle on the route near Hayes. The injuries were not life-threatening.

</doc>
<doc id="9814235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814235" title="Moñái">
Moñái

Moñái is the third son of Tau and Kerana and one of the seven legendary monsters of Guaraní mythology. This creature has an enormous serpent-like body with two straight, colorful horns over its head, which serve as antennae.
Myths and functions.
His dominions are the open fields. He can climb trees with ease and slide down to hunt the birds on whom he feeds and dominates with the hypnotic power of his antennas. Because of this he is called "the lord of the air".
Moñái is fond of stealing and hiding the products of his misdeeds in a cave. His continuous robbing and raiding in the villages provoked great discord among the people as they all accuse each other for the robberies and mysterious "disappearances" of their belongings.
The townspeople joined to put an end to Moñái's misdeeds and those of his brothers. The beautiful Porâsý offered herself to carry out this mission. She convinced Moñái that she had fallen in love with him and that before they celebrated their wedding she wanted to meet his brothers.
Moñái left her in the care of Teju Jagua and left to search for the rest of his brothers: Mbói Tu'i, Yasy Yateré, Kurupí, Luisón, and Ao Ao. When he finally brought them all they began the wedding rituals. The brothers exchanged the drinks freely and quickly became completely drunk. It was in this moment that Porâsý attempted to escape from the cave which was closed off by a huge stone.
Moñái prevented her from leaving and threw her back into the cave. Porâsý screamed to alarm the people who were waiting outside. Knowing that she was lost she ordered the people to burn the cave, even with her inside. While this killed Porasy herself, it also successfully destroyed Tau and Kerana's cursed descendants, including Moñai itself.
In return for the sacrifice of Porâsý, the gods lifted her soul and changed it into a small but intense point of light. Since then, the gods destined the spirit of Porasy to light up the aurora.

</doc>
<doc id="9814254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814254" title="Latvenergo">
Latvenergo

Latvenergo is a state-owned electric utility company in Latvia. The company generates about 70% of the country's electricity.
Latvenergo has four hydroelectric power plants: Pļaviņu HES, Rīgas HES, Ķeguma HES and Aiviekstes HES, with total installed capacity of 1535 MWh, two combined heat and power plants with total electrical capacity of 474 MWe and heat capacity of 1525 MWt and a wind farm near Ainaži with installed capacity of 1.2 MW.
Latvenergo is a parent company for the distribution company "Sadales tīkls" and the owner of the transmission system "Latvijas elektriskie tīkli", while the transmission system is operated by the independent transmission system operator "Augstsprieguma tīkls", a former subsidiary of Latvenergo. The company also co-owns "Liepājas enerģija", which has installed power capacity of 12 MWe and heat capacity of 427 MWt.

</doc>
<doc id="9814256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814256" title="Spy-phishing">
Spy-phishing

Spy-phishing is a term coined by Jeffrey Aboud of Trend Micro at the Virus Bulletin 2006 conference in Montreal.
Defined as "crimeware" (a kind of threat that results in fraudulent financial gains), spy-phishing capitalizes on the trend of "blended threats", it borrows techniques from both phishing and spyware. The downloaded applications sit silently on the user's system until the targeted URL is visited wherein it activates, sending information to the malicious third party.
Through the use of spyware and other trojans, spy-phishing attempts to prolong the initial phishing attacks beyond the point at which the phishing site is available.

</doc>
<doc id="9814264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814264" title="Arizona State Route 264">
Arizona State Route 264

State Route 264 (SR 264) is a highway in northeastern Arizona that runs from its junction with US 160 in Tuba City to the border with New Mexico. The roadway is still numbered 264 into New Mexico to its junction with US 491.
Route description.
The western terminus of SR 264 is located at a junction with US 160 in Tuba City. The highway heads towards the southeast and then south from this junction until it reaches BIA Route 6710. At this junction, SR 264 begins to heads towards the southeast. It continues on this heading until it curves towards the south southeast of Coal Mine Mesa. The highway curves back towards the east and then north as it follows the terrain of the area. The highway curves back towards the east just prior to an intersection with BIA Route 6660. It continues towards the east to a junction with BIA Route 62 where SR 264 curves towards the southeast. The highway curves towards the south just prior to passing through Hotevilla. It curves back towards the east when it reaches Old Oraibi. The highway curves back towards the south until it reaches the northern terminus of SR 87 in Second Mesa. From here, it heads east, passing through Polacca and Keams Canyon. SR 264 continues to the southeast until it curves back toward the east at an intersection with BIA Route 6. SR 264 continues east to a junction with US 191 in Burnside and the two run concurrently until they reach Ganado. US 191 heads south from this junction as SR 264 heads east. SR 264 continues east to Window Rock just prior to crossing the New Mexico border and continuing as New Mexico State Road 264.
SR 264 is one of two major east–west routes crossing the expansive Navajo Indian Reservation, the other being US 160. Most significantly the road links together the numerous villages of the Hopi Indian Tribe and bisects the Hopi Reservation. In fact, navigating the Hopi Reservation would be impossible without the existence of this roadway. It connects all 12 Hopi and Tewa villages and provides access to all Hopi governmental buildings. Much of this territory is sparsely inhabited and is home to wide open, scenic vistas. While it does not pass through any large cities or towns, it does pass through Window Rock, seat of government for the Navajo Nation, as well as near Old Oraibi, which is generally considered the oldest continuously inhabited settlement in North America.
History.
Although SR 264 became a state highway in 1961, maps of the area would indicate that the route itself has existed as a dirt road as early as 1927. By 1935, portions of the route had been improved. The section between Oraibi and Keams Canyon and the section from northwest of Ganado and the New Mexico border had been improved for travel. By 1938, the route had been improved further to a gravel road. By the time the route became a state highway in 1961, the route had been paved.

</doc>
<doc id="9814267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814267" title="Philip Brennan (Dublin hurler)">
Philip Brennan (Dublin hurler)

Philip Brennan (born 1983) is a hurler for Dublin and O'Tooles. Philip captained Dublin to victory against Westmeath in the 2006 Liam McCarthy Cup and has continued his role as Dublin Senior Hurling captain in 2007. The victory insured Dublins place in the 2007 Liam McCarthy Cup.[http://www.rte.ie/sport/2006/0715/dublin.html] Brennan won a Dublin Senior Hurling Championship medal with O'Tooles in 2002.
Philip won an All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship medal with Dublin in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9814278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814278" title="Ski sickness">
Ski sickness

Ski sickness or Häusler's disease is a form of motion sickness suffered by some skiers when weather conditions are bad. Poor visibility in heavy fog can bring on the condition. Psychological factors such as fear of heights, fear of mountains, high speed and falling may contribute as well as the atmospheric pressure changes in the ear when descending rapidly from high to low altitude. Symptoms are similar to other sicknesses brought on by motion, namely dizziness, headaches and nausea and in more extreme cases vomiting.
In these whiteout conditions the brain is unable to accurately determine orientation or movement. The condition is caused by the rhythmic turning motion of skiing and other effects such as a reduction in sensory feedback from constrained feet.
Rudolf Häusler of the University of Berne, who first described this disease in 1995, thinks that ski sickness could affect up to 10% of skiers.
Professor Häusler found that over-the-counter prescription medicines for motion sickness relieved the symptoms for most sufferers.

</doc>
<doc id="9814285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814285" title="Thermo Fisher Scientific">
Thermo Fisher Scientific

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an American multinational, biotechnology product development company, created in 2006 by the merger of Thermo Electron and Fisher Scientific.
In April 2013, after a competitive bidding with Hoffmann-La Roche, Thermo Fisher acquired Life Technologies Corp for $13.6 billion in a deal that would rank the firm as one of the leading companies in the genetic testing and precision laboratory equipment markets.
Predecessors and merger.
Thermo Electron was co-founded in 1956 by George N. Hatsopoulos and Peter M Nomikos. Hatsopoulos is a MIT PhD in mechanical engineering and Nomikos a Harvard Business School graduate. It focused on providing analytical and laboratory products and services, and had revenues of over $2 billion in 2004.
Fisher Scientific was founded in 1902 by Chester G. Fisher, a Presbyterian Christian from Pittsburgh. It focused on providing laboratory equipment, chemicals, supplies and services used in healthcare, scientific research, safety, and education.
On May 14, 2006, Thermo Electron and Fisher Scientific announced that they would merge in a tax-free, stock-for-stock exchange; the merged company was named Thermo Fisher Scientific. On November 9, 2006, the companies announced that the merger had been completed. However, the Federal Trade Commission ruled that this acquisition was anticompetitive with regard to centrifugal evaporators, requiring Fisher to divest Genevac. In April 2007, Genevac was sold to Riverlake Partners LLC and the merger closed with FTC approval.
Currently, the company's products are sold under the brand names of Thermo Scientific, Fisher Scientific, and several other recognized brand names (e.g. Chromacol, Nalgene, Cellomics, Cole-Parmer, Pierce Protein Research and Fermentas). According to company figures, 46% of its sales are in life sciences, 20% in healthcare, and 34% in industrial/environmental and safety.
Thermo Fisher has offices and operations in many countries, notably the U.S. and in Europe.
In May 2011, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. bought Phadia to expand in testing for allergies and autoimmune diseases for €2.47 billion ($3.5 billion) in cash purchase.

</doc>
