<doc id="9752148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752148" title="Château Bayard">
Château Bayard

The Château Bayard is a castle in the "commune" of Pontcharra in the "département" of Isère (Rhône-Alpes, France), and dominates the valley of Grésivaudan in the Dauphiné Alps.
Château Bayard has been listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture since 1915.
The castle has housed the Bayard museum since 1975; it presents the life and the myth of Pierre Terrail, seigneur de Bayard, the famous "knight without fear and without reproach", ().
History.
Originally, the Château Bayard was just a fortified manor house. In the feudal age, only a Lord could own a castle. Pierre Terrail, first of the name (the family is also called LeVieux - "the old") and great-grandfather of the renowned knight, was vice-lord of the lord of Avallon.
Starting in 1404, Pierre Terrail undertook the construction of his residence in a place called Bayard, near Pontcharra. Even if it were only a strong house, the building he made was however far from being negligible: illustrations of the 19th century show a residence protected by four round towers, raised on three levels of mullioned windows.
The terrace gives on the valley of Grévisaudan and its marvellous views, opening on vast territories: Jura mountains, those of Vercors plateau, massif of Belledonne and Chartreuse mountains.
Pierre II, Pierre Terrail's son, took the title of Lord of Bayard. Consequently, the strong house took officially the name of castle.
After the death of Pierre II Terrail in 1465 in the Battle of Montlhéry, his son Aymon (1420-1496) took the title of Lord of Bayard and dwelt in the castle. Like his father and his grandfather, he devoted a good part of his life to fight on behalf of the King of France.
The castle went then to Pierre III Terrail, his son, the famous knight of Bayard. He was undoubtedly born and passed his childhood in the castle, and occupied it when he was not campaigning, and in particular when he was named Lieutenant-General of the Dauphiné and managed the province.
After the death of the knight, the castle passed to his brother Georges, then to Georges' daughter, Françoise Copier. She did not have any children and sold the castle and the titles in 1559 to the d’Avançon family. Then the property passed by marriage to the Simiane de Gordes (1581), then to the Simiane de la Coste, lords of Montbives (1677), and finally to the Noinvilles (1735).
Louis-Alphonse de Noinville, emigrant under the French Revolution, was the last lord of Bayard. His assets were seized and sold in 1795. The castle was in ruins for a long time (probably since Françoise Copier). The stones were even used as building material for the houses of the neighbourhoods, in spite of the protests of some scholars from the Dauphiné.
In 1865, Jean-Baptiste Bertrand, a priest of Grignon, arranged the remains of the castle as a residence for his retirement by repairing part of the masonry as well as possible, with the assistance of the legal owner.
Today.
The castle now belongs to a local notary.
The Château Bayard castle had turned to ruins after the Revolution. Restored since 1890, always privately owned, since 1975 two of its rooms house a museum recounting the history of the hero. The museum is animated by the "Association of the Friends of Bayard"; since 1938, this association sticks by its regular publications and its annual meetings to restore the historical veracity.
To the seigneurial home flanked with four towers was added a residence of three floors, of which only two remain and are currently occupied by the museum. The castle had suffered much damage during the French Wars of Religion and the wars for the border between Dauphiné and Savoy, then because of its abandonment during the Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="9752149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752149" title="History of Allahabad">
History of Allahabad

Allahabad (Hindi: इलाहाबाद), also known by its original name Prayag (Hindi: प्रयाग), is one of the largest cities of the North Indian state of Uttar Pradesh in India. Although Prayaga was renamed "Ilahabad" in 1575, the name later became Allahabad in an anglicized version in Roman script. The city is situated on an inland peninsula, surrounded by the rivers Ganges and Yamuna on three sides, with only one side connected to the mainland Doab region, of which it is a part. This position is of importance in Hindu scriptures for it is situated at the confluence, known as Triveni Sangam, of the holy rivers. As per Rigveda the Sarasvati River (now dried up) was part of the three river confluence in ancient times. It is one of four sites of the "Kumbh Mela", an important mass Hindu pilgrimage.
The ancient name of the city is Prayag (Sanskrit for "place of sacrifice"), as it is believed to be the spot where Brahma offered his first sacrifice after creating the world. Since its founding, Prayaga renamed Allahabad has played an important role in the history and cultural life of India.
History.
Ancient times.
The city was originally known as "Prayaga" (place of the confluences) – a name that is still often used. Excavations have revealed Iron Age Northern Black Polished Ware in present day Allahabad. That it is an ancient town is also illustrated by references in the Vedas (the most ancient of Hindu sacred texts) to Prayaga. It is believed to be the location where Brahma, the Creator of the Universe, attended a sacrificial ritual.
The Puranas, another important group of religious texts, record that Yayati left Prayaga and conquered the region of Sapta Sindhu. His five sons Yadu, Druhyu, Puru, Anu and Turvashas became the main tribes of the Rigveda. When the Aryans first settled in what they termed the "Aryavarta", Prayaga and the district of Kaushambi were important parts of their territory. The Vatsa (a branch of the early Indo-Aryans, the Kurus) were rulers of Hastinapur (near present day Delhi). When Hastinapur was destroyed by floods, they established the town of Kaushambi as their new capital (near present day Allahabad).
During the Ramayana epic era, Prayaga was made up of a few rishi's huts at the confluence of the sacred rivers, and much of the countryside was continuous jungle. Lord Rama, the main protagonist in the Ramayana, spent some time here, at the Ashram of Sage Bharadwaj, before proceeding to nearby Chitrakoot.
The Doab region, including Prayaga, was controlled by several empires and dynasties in the ages to come. It became a part of the Mauryan and Gupta empires of the east and the Kushan empire of the west before becoming part of the Kannauj empire. Objects unearthed in Prayaga (now Allahabad) indicate that it was part of the Kushana empire in the 1st century AD.
In his memoirs on India, Huien Tsang, the Chinese Buddhist monk and chronicler who travelled through India during Harshavardhana's reign (A.D. 607–647), writes that he visited Prayaga in A.D. 643.
Turkic rule.
Prayaga became a part of the Delhi Sultanate when the town was annexed by Muhammad of Ghor in 1193.
The Mughal invasion of India began in 1526, and Prayaga then became a part of their empire. Understanding the strategic position of the place in the Doab region, at the confluence of its defining rivers which had immense navigational potential, the Mughal emperor Akbar built a magnificent fort – one of his largest – on the banks of the holy Sangam and re-christened the town as Illahabad in 1575. The fort has an Ashokan pillar and some temples, and was largely a military barracks.
It was from Allahabad that Prince Salim led a revolt against his father Akbar. In 1602, prince Salim held a parallel imperial court in Akbar's fort here, ignoring the royal summons to leave Allahabad and proceed to Agra. However, before his death in 1605, Akbar named Salim his successor. Salim later served as emperor under the name Jahangir.
Maratha rule.
Before British rule was imposed over Allahabad, the city was conquered by Maratha Empire. Marathas left behind two beautiful eighteenth-century temples with intricate architecture.
Allahabad - Heritage
British rule.
In 1765, the combined forces of the Nawab of Awadh and the Mughal emperor Shah Alam II lost the Battle of Buxar to the British. Although the British did not take over their states at that time, they established a garrison at Fort Allahabad, understanding its strategic position as the gateway to the northwest. Governor General Warren Hastings later took Allahabad from Shah Alam and gave it to Awadh, alleging that he had placed himself in the power of the Marathas.
In 1801 the Nawab of Awadh ceded the city to the British East India Company. Gradually the other parts of Doab and adjoining regions to its west (including the Delhi and Ajmer-Merwara regions) were won by the British. These northwestern areas were made into a new province called the North-Western Provinces, with its capital at Agra. Allahabad was located in this province.
In 1834, Allahabad became the seat of the Government of Agra Province and a High Court was established. A year later both were relocated to Agra.
In 1857, Allahabad was active in the Indian Mutiny. After the mutiny, the British truncated the Delhi region of the state, merging it with Punjab, and transferred the capital of the North-Western Provinces to Allahabad, where it remained for the next twenty years.
In 1877 the two provinces of Agra and Awadh were merged to form a new state which was called the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh. Allahabad was the capital of this new state till the 1920s.
Allahabad, the freedom struggle, and Indian politics.
During the Mutiny of 1857, Allahabad had only a small garrison of European troops. Taking advantage of this, the rebels brought Allahabad under their control. Maulvi Liaquat Ali, one of the prominent leaders of the rebellion, was a native of the village of Mahgaon near Allahabad.
After the Mutiny was quelled, the British established the High Court, the Police Headquarters and the Public Service Commission in the city. This transformed Allahabad into an administrative center, a status that it enjoys to this day.
The fourth and eighth session of the Indian National Congress was held in the city in 1888 and 1892 respectively on the extensive grounds of Darbhanga Castle, Allahabad. At the turn of the century, Allahabad also became a nodal point for the revolutionaries.
In 1931, at Alfred Park in Allahabad, the revolutionary Chandrashekhar Azad killed himself when surrounded by the British Police. The Nehru family homes of Anand Bhavan and Swaraj Bhavan, both in Allahabad, were at the center of the political activities of the Indian National Congress. In the years of the struggle for Indian independence, thousands of satyagrahis (nonviolent resistors), led by Purshottam Das Tandon, Bishambhar Nath Pande and Narayan Dutt Tiwari, went to jail. The first Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru, as well as several Union ministers such as Mangla Prasad, Muzaffar Hasan, K. N. Katju, and Lal Bahadur Shastri, were natives of Allahabad.
The first seeds of the idea of Pakistan were sown in Allahabad. On 29 December 1930, Allama Muhammad Iqbal's presidential address to the All-India Muslim League proposed a separate Muslim state for the Muslim majority regions of India.
After independence, areas from the adjoining region of Bagelkhand in the east were merged with Allahabad district, which remain part of the district to this day. The Mayawati government split the original Allahabad district into two districts, Kaushambi and Allahabad district.
Historical and archaeological sites.
Allahabad has many sites of interest to tourists and archaeologists. Forty-eight kilometres to the southwest, on the banks of the Yamuna River, are the ruins of Kaushambi, which was the capital of the Vatsa kingdom and a thriving center of Buddhism. On the eastern side, across the river Ganges and connected to the city by the Shastri Bridge is Pratisthan Pur, capital of the Chandra dynasty. About 58 kilometres northwest is the medieval site of Kara with its impressive wreckage of Jaichand of Kannauj's fort. Shringaverpur, another ancient site discovered relatively recently, has become a major attraction for tourists and antiquarians alike. On the southwestern extremity of Allahabad lies Khusrobagh; it has three mausoleums, including that of Jahangir's first wife, Shah Begum.
Allahabad is the birthplace of Jawaharlal Nehru, and the Nehru family estate, called Anand Bhavan, is now a museum. It is also the birthplace of Indira Gandhi, and the home of Lal Bahadur Shastri, both later Prime Ministers of India. Vishwanath Pratap Singh and Chandra Shekhar were also associated with Allahabad. Thus, Allahabad has the distinction of being the home of several Prime Ministers in India's post-independence history.
An ancient seat of learning.
Prayaga was a well-known centre of education (dating from the time of the Buddha), and into modern times.
Allahabad University was founded on 23 September 1887, making it the fourth oldest university in India. It has been granted Central University status. Allahabad University is a major literary centre for Hindi studies. Many Bihari, Bengali and Gujarati scholars spent their lives here, propagated their works in Hindi and enriched the literature. In the 19th century, Allahabad University earned the epithet of 'Oxford of the East'. The founder of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada attained sainthood in this place.
Literary past.
Many famous writers of Hindi and Urdu literature have a connection with the city. Notable amongst them are Munshi Premchand, Mahadevi Varma, Sumitranandan Pant, Suryakant Tripathi 'Nirala', Subhadra Kumari Chauhan, Upendra Nath 'Ashk' and Harivansh Rai Bachchan. This is the literary Hindi heartland. The culture of Allahabad is based on Hindi literature. Maithili Sharan Gupt was also associated with this literary Hindi soil in many ways.
The famous English author and Nobel Laureate (1907) Rudyard Kipling spent time at Allahabad working for "The Pioneer" as an assistant editor and overseas correspondent.
Another landmark of the literary past of Allahabad was the publishing firm Kitabistan, owned by the Rehman brothers, Kaleemur Rehman and Obaidur Rehman. They published thousands of books, including those by Nehru. They became the first publishers from India to open a branch in London in 1936.
Sanskrit scholars like Ganganath Jha, Dr. Baburam Saxena, Pandit Raghuvar Mitthulal Shastri, Professor Suresh Chandra Srivastava, and Dr. Manjushree Srivastava were both students and teachers at the University of Allahabad. The most prominent Arabic and Persian scholars included Dr. Abdul Sattar Siddiqui and his colleague Muhammad Naeemur Rehman who was known for his well organized personal library of tens of thousands of books, which was open to all.
A noteworthy poet is Raghupati Sahay, better known under the name of Firaq Gorakhpuri. Firaq was a major Urdu poet and literary critic of the 20th century. Both Firaq and Harivansh Bachchan were professors of English at Allahabad University. Firaq Gorakhpuri and Mahadevi Varma were awarded the Jnanpith Award, the highest literary honour conferred in the Republic of India in 1969 and 1982 respectively. Akbar Allahabadi is one of the most well-read poets of modern Urdu Literature. Other poets from Allahabad include Nooh Narwi, Tegh Allahabadi, Raaz Allahabadi, Firaq Gorakhpuri, and Asghar Gondvi. Professor A. K. Mehrotra, former head of English department at the University of Allahabad, has been nominated for the post of professor of poetry which was earlier held by poets like Matthew Arnold and W. H. Auden.
Short story writers Azam Kuraivi, Ibn-e-Safi, and Adil Rasheed are all from Allahabad. Critics like Dr. Aijaz Husain, Dr. Aqeel Rizwi and Hakeem Asrar Kuraivi also hail from Allahabad. Shamsur Rahman Faruqi, who edits "Shabkhoon", is known all over the Urdu world as a pioneer in Post Modernist literature. Rajendra Yadav, Mamta and Ravindra Kalia, Kamaleshwar, Namwar Singh, Doodhnath Singh and many other new age literary writers and critics began their literary careers in Allahabad. The city is also home to many young and upcoming literary figures. It has also been one of the biggest centres of publication of Hindi literature; examples are Lok Bharti, Rajkamal and Neelabh.
Dr. Rajesh Verma is working on a book about eco-feminism, which will be the first major work on environment-related issues to be published in Allahabad. Allahabad has also produced a great lyricist, Virag Mishra, who recently won the Stardust Award for Standout Performance by a lyricist, for "Zinda Hoon Main".

</doc>
<doc id="9752176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752176" title="Bang Rajan (film)">
Bang Rajan (film)

Bang Rajan () is a 2000 Thai historical drama film depicting the battles of the Siamese village of Bang Rajan against the Burmese invaders in 1767, as remembered in popular Thai culture. Cross-checking the story with the events reported by the Burmese sources indicates that the purported events at Bang Rajan are likely a merger of at least two independent events that took place in the war.
The film was directed and co-written by Thanit Jitnukul. In 2004, the film was "presented" by Oliver Stone in a limited release in US cinemas.
Plot.
The Burmese army is seeking to invade Ayutthaya, the capital of Siam. Seeking to block the invasion is a small band of villagers in Bang Rajan. The forces are at first led by Nai Taen, who is injured in an early battle. The villagers then turn to an outsider, Nai Chan Nuad Kheo, a moustachioed, veteran warrior. He brings along a handful of other men, who with the remaining men and women of Bang Rajan vow to put up a fight. They use all their resources to prepare the village for a siege, including melting down all available metal farming implements into a crudely constructed cannon. Lacking horses, the village drunkard, Nai Thongmen, mounts an old water buffalo and rides the draft animal into battle.
Historical Accuracy.
The plot follows the Thai version of events. According to Thai tradition, the Burmese northern invasion army led by Gen. Ne Myo Thihapate was held up for five months at Bang Rachan, a small village northwest of Ayutthaya by a group of simple villagers. However, not all the points of this traditional Thai story could be true as the entire northern campaign took just over five months (mid-August 1765 to late January 1766), and the northern army was still stuck in Phitsanulok, in north-central Siam, as late as December 1765. Burmese sources do mention "petty chiefs" stalling the northern army's advance but it was early in the campaign along the Wang River in northern Siam (not near Ayutthaya) during the rainy season (August–October 1765). The Burmese general who was actually stationed near Ayutthaya was not Thihapate but rather Maha Nawrahta, whose southern army was waiting for the northern army to show up to attack the Siamese capital. It appears that the three verified events—petty chiefs resisting Thihapate in the north, Thihapate's campaign period of five months, and Maha Nawrahta staking out by Ayutthaya—have merged to create this popular mythology.
Production and reception.
"Bang Rajan" was made on a budget of around 50 million baht, which is about four times the cost of other Thai productions being made at the time. It was a box-office hit in Thailand, earning more than 300 million baht.
The film was screened at several film festivals in 2001, including the Seattle International Film Festival, Toronto International Film Festival, the Vancouver International Film Festival and the Hawaii International Film Festival. At the Asia Pacific Film Festival, it won for best art direction. It was screen at the Fantasia Festival in Montreal in 2003, where it won second prize for Best Asian Film.
The Battle of Bang Rajan was also depicted in a 1966 Thai film, starring Sombat Metanee in a role that won him a best actor honors at the "Golden Doll" Awards. The award was personally handed to Sombat by King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
The long-horned water buffalo featured in the film died of old age shortly after the film was released and was feted in a lavish funeral ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="9752182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752182" title="Il Rovescio della Medaglia">
Il Rovescio della Medaglia

Il Rovescio della Medaglia, or RDM, were an Italian hard rock and symphonic rock band. They are most famous for their symphonic rock masterpiece "Contaminazione", released in 1973. It contained four pieces from Bach's "Well-tempered Clavier" seamlessly integrated with RDM's own music, which often was inspired by rock or hard rock. In 1974 the record was released in an English version, "Contamination", with the group's name simplified to RDM, although still written in full on the back of the LP jacket.
The band was produced by Luis Enríquez Bacalov.
Personnel.
As listed on "Contamination":

</doc>
<doc id="9752188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752188" title="Sharon LaFraniere">
Sharon LaFraniere

Sharon Veronica LaFraniere (born June 15, 1955) is an American journalist who has covered southern Africa and China for "The New York Times".
LaFraniere previously wrote for "The Washington Post" from Moscow.
Her other roles at the "Post" include:
Awards.
In 2006, LaFraniere received the Michael Kelly Award
Personal.
LaFraniere is married to Michael Wines, who is also a reporter for the "Times". They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9752195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752195" title="Hanover Area School District">
Hanover Area School District

The Hanover Area School District, is a midsized, public school district located in Wyoming Valley, comprises Hanover Township and the boroughs of Warrior Run, Sugar Notch, and Ashley in Pennsylvania. Hanover Area School District encompasses approximately 22 square miles . According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 19,048. In 2009, the district residents' Per Capita Income was reported as $16,412 while the Median Family Income was $37,692. According to District officials, in school year 2007-08 the Hanover Area School District provided basic educational services to 2,024 pupils through the employment of 144 teachers, 129 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 14 administrators.
The district operates: a Junior/Senior High School (grades 7-12), Memorial Elementary (grades 4,5,6), Lee Park Elementary Center (grades 2,3), and Hanover Green Elementary Center (Kindergarten,1).
Curriculum.
Hanover Area is a comprehensive K-12 school district. The district offers basic and advanced placement courses in several subject areas. With the cooperation of the Wilkes-Barre Area Vocational-Technical School (WBAVTS), the district offers vocational training in building trades, power mechanics, food service, cosmetology and data processing. The curricular offerings at Hanover Area Jr./Sr. High School have been designed to provide a strong core of skills, enhanced by electives oriented towards personal interests and career goals. The district's goal is to prepare our students for post-secondary experiences, whether in further education, the armed forces or as a member of the work force. <br>
The District's curriculum is coordinated by the Superintendent, the Director of Curriculum and building principals. Faculty committees, working under a five-year curriculum development cycle, review, revise, and update the curriculum. Curriculum guides for each planned course assure that the curriculum is consistent throughout the district schools.
Academic achievement.
Hanover Area School District was ranked 357th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts in 2011 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on student academic performance based on the PSSAs for: reading, writing, math and two years of science.
In 2009, the academic achievement of the pupils in the district was in the 10th percentile among Pennsylvanian's 500 school districts. Scale (0-99; 100 is state best) 
Graduation rate.
In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Hanover Area Junior Senior High School's rate was 90% for 2010.
According to traditional graduation rate calculations:
Graduation requirements.
In order to graduate from the Hanover Area Junior/Senior High School, a student must successfully complete 21 approved credits which include: 4 credits of English, 3 credits of Social Studies, 3 credits of Mathematics, 3 credits of Science, 2 credits of Arts & Humanities, 5 credits of electives and 1 credit of Health & Physical Education. The high school is fully accredited by the Middle States Association.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a graduation project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor, and its expectations are set by the individual school district. At Hanover Area Junior Senior High School the project consists of four parts: a contract; a journal, a research paper; and an oral presentation.
Beginning with the class of 2016, students must take the Keystone Exams in Literature, Biology 1 and Algebra 1.
Hanover Area Junior Senior High School.
In 2010 and 2009 the school is in Corrective Action Level II AYP status due to chronic, low student achievement. The school has been identified by the Pennsylvania Department of Education as a School Improvement Intervention eligible.
11th Grade Reading
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 28% of Hanover Area Junior Senior High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Secondary Instructional Support Team.
The primary purpose of the Secondary Instructional Support (SIS) is to provide a classroom climate and approach, where all students achieve success. Secondary Instructional Support provides a vehicle for identifying barriers to student success and for implementing instructional techniques, adaptations, learning strategies, and/or classroom management, as needed, in order to increase student achievement.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state-funded program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. The Pennsylvania College Credit Transfer System reported in 2009, that students saved nearly $35.4 million by having their transferred credits count towards a degree under the new system.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $16,477 for its dual enrollment program.
8th Grade Reading
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
7th Grade Reading
7th Grade Math:
Special education.
The district administration reported that 430 students or 21% were receiving special education services in 2009.
The District affords specialized programs of instruction specifically designed to meet the needs of the District's exceptional students. With assistance from the Luzerne Intermediate Unit 18, exceptional students have access to a complete special education program in such support areas as Learning, Life Skills, Emotional, Speech and Language, Hearing, Visual and Gifted.
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Supervisor of Special Education.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for Special Education services. The funds were distributed to districts based on a state policy which estimates that 16% of the district's pupils are receiving special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding.
Hanover Area School District received a $1,186,722 supplement for special education services in 2010.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 21 or 1.04% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The primary emphasis is on enrichment and acceleration of the regular education curriculum through a push in model with the gifted instructor in the classroom with the regular instructor. This approach permits such specialized instructional strategies as tiered assignments, curriculum compacting, flexible grouping, learning stations, independent projects and independent contracts. Students identified as gifted attending the High School have access to honors and advanced placement courses, and dual enrollment with local colleges. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Bullying policy.
The school district administration reported there were no incidents of bullying in the district in 2009.
All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. Hanover Area School District has posted a Bullying/Cyberbullying Policy 249. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Budget and taxes.
The District Budget comprises revenue derived from local sources (taxes), state funding, and federal projects. The approximate percentages of these revenue sources are 56% local, 40% state and 4% federal.
In 2008, the district reported a deficit of -$1,479,756 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was reported as zero.
In 2007, the district employed over 124 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $48,873 for 184 days worked.
In 2009, the district reported employing over 160 teachers with a salary range of $35,157 to $99,400 and a median teacher salary of $56,872. Teachers work 7 hours per day with a 30 min lunch period and a daily prep period. In addition to salary, the teachers' compensation includes: health insurance, life insurance, paid funeral leave, 10 paid sick, 2 personal days, and reimbursement for college courses. At retirement, teachers receive $40 per unused sick day up to 200 days and can receive district funded health insurance. Teachers receive extra compensation for additional duties and for extracurricular advising and sports coaching.
In 2008, Hanover Area School District reported spending $10,869 per pupil. This ranked 404th among the 500 school districts, in the commonwealth.
Hanover Area School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $801.81 in 2008. This ranked 199th in Pennsylvania public schools. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil.
In 2009, the district reported having over $21 million in outstanding debt in General Obligation bonds and over $5 million in other long term debt.
In April 2011, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. Significant findings were reported to the school board and the school district administration 
The district is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax of 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax regardless of the individual's level of wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2010-11 school year, the state basic education funding to Hanover Area School District was increased 2.66% for a total of $7,468,682. The highest increase in Luzerne County was awarded to Hazleton Area School District at 12,61%. Sixteen Pennsylvania school districts received an increase over 10%. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. Among Pennsylvania school districts, the highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The amount of increase each school district receives is determined by the Governor and the Secretary of Education through the allocation set in the state budget proposal made in February each year.
For the 2009-2010 budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided an 8.37% increase in Basic Education funding for Hanover Area School District a total of $7,275,177. The state Basic Education Funding to the district in 2008-09 was $6,713,359.84. The highest increase in BEF for the school districts in Luzerne County was awarded to Hazleton Area School District at a 13.36% increase. The highest increase in Pennsylvania went to Muhlenberg School District of Berks County which received an increase of 22.31 percent. Sixteen school districts received an increase in funding of over 10 percent in 2009.
In 2009, the district reported that 1,079 students were eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to low family income.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010-11 the Hanover Area School District applied for and received $354,556 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district used the funding to provide all-day kindergarten for the seventh year.
Education Assistance grant.
The state's EAP funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds are available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code. In 2010-11 the Hanover Area School District received $49,432.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Hanover Area School District did not apply for funding in 2006-07. In 2007-08, it received $106,608. The district received $45,413 in 2008-09 for a total funding of $152,021.
Federal Stimulus grant.
Hanover School District received an extra $2,300,865 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used only in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students.
Race to the Top grant.
School district officials did not apply for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have brought the district over $1 million in additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of a majority of school districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Hanover Area School Board decided to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
The school board levied a real estate tax of 16.2283 mills in 2010-11. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. On the local level, Pennsylvania district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts.
In 2008, Luzerne County conducted a county wide property value reassessment. The previous county wide assessment had been done in 1965
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Hanover Area School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
The Hanover Area School Board did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011. In the Spring of 2010, 135 of 500 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Hanover Area School District was $201 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 4,422 property owners applied for the tax relief. In 2010 within Luzerne County, the highest reported amount went to Wilkes-Barre Area School District set at $210 per approved homestead. The property tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill for each property. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $641 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. CUSD was given $632 in 2009. This was the second year they were the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently individuals who have income substantially greater than $35,000, may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Transportation.
Thirty school buses, owned and operated by Churnetski Transportation, transport elementary students who live beyond , and secondary students who live beyond . Other students may qualify for busing because they live along routes declared hazardous by the PA Department of Transportation. The district also provides bus transportation to students of the Bear Creek Community Charter School.
Corruption.
In 2009, Anthony Spinozza, a member of the school board, plead guilty to taking bribes to award school district contracts. Spinozza had served on the Hanover Area board since 1999.
Extracurricular Activities.
At Hanover Area School District there are two levels Junior Varsity for 7th and 8th graders and Varsity for 9th-12th grade. A student is only allowed to compete on a varsity level for four years of their academic career. Some fall sports include: Cheerleading, Boys and Girls Cross Country, Girls Tennis, Girls Field Hockey, Boys Soccer, Girls Volleyball and Boys Football. The Spring Sports provided include: Boys and Girls Swimming and Diving, Boys and Girls Track and Field, Girls Soccer, Boys Volleyball, Girls and Boys Basketball, Boys Wrestling, Girls Softball, Boys Baseball.
Academic competition.
Students are encouraged to enter various local, state, and national competitions. Hanover Area students have demonstrated their accomplishments in the Pennsylvania Junior Academy of Science (PJAS), the Voice of Democracy Contest, National History Day, Mock Trial, Youth Salute, and most recently, the Marching Band captured the title of Atlantic Coast Champions for 1993, 1995 and 1996.
Clubs.
There are various after-school clubs that meet during the week.
-Key Club -Club Ophelia
-Leo Club -S.A.D.D
-Honor Society -Music Club (chours)
-Drama Club -A.R.T
-Yearbook -Diversity club
-Student Council

</doc>
<doc id="9752204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752204" title="Kiril">
Kiril

The male name Kiril (or Кирил or Кирилл) is a common first name in Slavonic world, in particular in Bulgaria, Macedonia, and Russia. It is also well known in Greece but in different forms like Kyriakos. (Note that in modern Russian the spelling Кирил is considered to be a mistake, the right spelling is Кирилл.)
Kiril has several variant forms: Cyril, Cyrill, Kirill, Kirillos, Kiryl (Belarusian), Kyril, Cyryl (Polish), Kyrill, Kyrylo and a diminutive Kiro (common in the Balkan Sprachbund).
The name comes from the Greek name Κύριλλος (Kyrillos) which derives from Greek κύριος (kyrios) "lord". Saint Cyril of Jerusalem was a 4th-century bishop and a Doctor of the Church. Saint Cyril of Alexandria was a 5th-century theologian. Another Saint Cyril, known as Kiril, was a 9th-century translator and a Byzantine missionary to the Slavs. He, together with his brother Methodius created an alphabet called Glagolica to serve the needs of the Slavic world, translating the Bible into the Church Slavic language. Later, their students created a simpler and graphically usable alphabet, which is known as Cyrilic alphabet and is still used by millions of people.

</doc>
<doc id="9752206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752206" title="Web-based experiments">
Web-based experiments

A Web-based experiment or "Internet-based experiment" is an experiment that is conducted over the Internet. Psychology and Linguistics are probably the disciplines that have used these experiments most widely, although a range of other disciplines use web-based experiments. Within Psychology most web-based experiments are conducted in the areas of Cognitive and Social Psychology. This form of experimental setup has become increasingly popular because researchers can cheaply collect large amounts of data from a wide range of locations and people. A web-based experiment is a type of online research method.
Use in psychology.
Web experiments have been used to validate results from laboratory research and field research and to conduct new experiments that are only feasible if done online. Further, the materials created for web experiments can be used in a traditional laboratory setting if later desired.
Interdisciplinary research using web experiments is rising. For example, a number of psychology and law researchers have used the web to collect data. Lora Levett and Margaret Bull Kovera examined whether opposing expert witnesses are effective in educating jurors about unreliable expert evidence. Rather than sensitizing jurors to flaws in the other expert's testimony, the researchers found that jurors became more skeptical of all expert testimony. In her experiment, this led to more guilty verdicts.
Levett and Kovera's research used a written transcript (law) of a trial, which participants then read before making their decision. This type of stimulus has been criticized by some researchers as lacking ecological validity—that is, it does not closely approximate a real-life trial. Many recommend the use of video where possible.
Researchers at New York University are currently conducting a psychology and law study that uses video of a criminal trial. Participants who go to the website can watch the trial (less than one hour long) and act as jurors.
Researchers at University of Salford are currently conducting a number of studies to explore sound perception. Sound experiments over the web are particularly difficult due to lack of control over sound reproduction equipment (see criticisms below).
A wide range of psychology experiments are conducted on the web. The Web Experiment List provides a way to recruit participants and archives past experiments (over 700 and growing). A good resource for designing a web experiment is the free Wextor tool, which "dynamically creates the customized Web pages needed for the experimental procedure" and is remarkably easy to use.
Use in economics.
Laboratory experimentation has been a growing field in economics for the last decade or so. But the more experiments have been conducted in economics, the more the issue of an appropriate methodology and organization has been raised.
Criticisms.
Some researchers have expressed concern that Web-based experiments have weaker experimental controls compared to laboratory-based ones. For instance, it may be difficult to be confident that the subjects characteristics are what they claim (e.g., age, race, gender, etc.) and that they are taking the experiment seriously. Others have argued that brick-and-mortar experiments are just as affected by these problems, if not more so. Schoeffler et al. (2013) compared laboratory- and web-based results (62 and 1168 subjects) of an auditory experiment and found no significant differences.

</doc>
<doc id="9752228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752228" title="Konohana">
Konohana

Disambiguation: Konohana can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9752232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752232" title="Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania">
Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania

Natrona Heights is an unincorporated community in Harrison Township, Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania; it is located in Western Pennsylvania within the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area, approximately northeast of Pittsburgh. Natrona Heights is situated near the Allegheny River, Natrona, Brackenridge, and Tarentum.
Museums and other points of interest.
Natrona Heights is home to both the Pittsburgh-Tarentum Campmeeting Association, a Methodist-based camp over 160 years old, and to the Pittsburgh Buddhist Center. The town's first structure, the Burtner House, still stands and is open for festivals several times a year. The Community Library of Allegheny Valley, Harrison Branch also serves Natrona Heights.
Education.
The community is within the Highlands School District. Highlands High School and Highlands Middle School are in Natrona Heights. Private schools include Our Lady of the Most Blessed Sacrament Elementary School and Saint Joseph High School.
Usage in popular culture.
"Knightriders".
The film "Knightriders" (1981) by George A. Romero starring Ed Harris used scenes shot on Princeton Street and in a restaurant on Freeport Road in Natrona Heights, as well as several scenes in neighboring Natrona for the movie. Most of the film was shot in nearby Fawn Township.
"Promised Land".
During interviews for the film "Promised Land (2012 film)" (2012) which was shot in Western Pennsylvania, star John Krasinski revealed that his father Ronald had grown up in the Natrona Heights area.

</doc>
<doc id="9752253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752253" title="Pantasaph">
Pantasaph

Pantasaph is a small village in Flintshire, north-east Wales, two miles south of Holywell in the community of Whitford. Its name translates into English as Asaph's Hollow.
Once abbey land belonging to nearby Basingwerk Abbey, Pantasaph came into the possession of the Pennant family at the Dissolution of the Monasteries. The land passed down in the family until 1846, when the sole heiress Louisa married Rudolph, Viscount Feilding, heir to the Earl of Denbigh. They both converted to Roman Catholicism and decided to donate St David's Church, which they had recently built for the village, to the Roman Catholic Church instead, causing a considerably outcry at the time. It was accepted by the Friars Minor Capuchin of Great Britain as their mother house and opened in 1852. The church was modified by Augustus Pugin, who carved the reredos in the Lady Chapel and a statue of the Madonna and Child, one of his best. Both statues had been exhibited at the Great Exhibition of 1851. The graveyard holds the remains of three British soldiers shot for cowardice during World War I.
Following the consecration of the church, the friary buildings were constructed in Collegiate Gothic style between 1858 and 1865. A wing was added to the east in 1899 to form an L-shaped range with a turret in the angle. Built in two storeys with attics and basements it is constructed of snecked grey stone with sandstone dressings and steep slate roofs. St David's church and the friary complex have all been awarded grade II* listed status. The friary is now a large Franciscan Retreat Centre. On the wooded hill behind the complex a 19th-century zig-zag path links landscaped Stations of the Cross.
The village is also the location of the former St Clare's Convent which included a boarding school, a hospital and an orphanage. It was built by a Father Seraphin of Bruges, who brought the first group of sisters to it in 1861. It closed in 1977, having at its peak housed some 500 orphans. The site lay derelict for a number of years and was damaged by fire in 1985, but has since been partly demolished and the remainder restored as luxury accommodation. It is now a designated conservation area.

</doc>
<doc id="9752270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752270" title="Ervinka">
Ervinka

Ervinka is a 1967 Israeli film written and directed by Ephraim Kishon. The film, starring Chaim Topol (best known for his role as Tevye from "Fiddler on the Roof") is a comical tale of a con man who falls in love with a police officer.
Plot.
Ervinka is a young man living in Tel Aviv of the 1960s. He does not believe in work, morality, law and order, and settling down. He ekes out a living as a petty con man by charging parking fees to a lot that doesn’t belong to him, stealing electricity from his neighbors, eating for free in family events he is not invited to, and extorting money from movie directors by revving up his moped engine near their film sets. He also finds ways to con the authorities, taking advantage of the stupidity, laziness, and inefficiency of bureaucrats (a favorite subject of Kishon's work). Ervinka even ingratiates himself with the local underworld by getting them out of trouble with the law over a robbery. His only dream is to win the lottery so he would not have to get by on his wits anymore.
Ervinka’s carefree life becomes complicated when he falls in love with Ruti, a police officer. While she loves him, she is equally appalled by his way of life and is concerned that he is on a slippery slope to a life of crime.
Tired of never winning the lottery, Ervinka devises a devilish con to rob the lottery offices in Tel Aviv. Under the guise of making a movie, he has his underworld friends try to crack the lottery safe open while all around him are spectators and even police officers, all under the impression that they are watching a film director at work. When the underworld has problems getting the safe to open, the police volunteers its own expert to help them so that filming could proceed as planned. Thanking them for their help, Ervinka and his friends leave with the money seconds before the authorities realize what is actually going on.
With next week’s jackpot safely tucked in a bag behind his moped seat, Ervinka believes he has realized his dream, but his police officer girlfriend berates him and makes it clear she will not associate with a criminal. Ervinka returns the money to the General Manager of the lottery in an official ceremony just like the one he had always imagined himself receiving this money in.

</doc>
<doc id="9752277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752277" title="Ciproxifan">
Ciproxifan

Ciproxifan is an extremely potent histamine H3 inverse agonist/antagonist.
The histamine H3 receptor is an inhibitory autoreceptor located on histaminergic nerve terminals, and is believed to be involved in modulating the release of histamine in the brain. Histamine has an excitatory effect in the brain via H1 receptors in the cerebral cortex, and so drugs such as ciproxifan which block the H3 receptor and consequently allow more histamine to be released have an alertness-promoting effect.
Ciproxifan produces wakefulness and attentiveness in animal studies, and produced cognitive enhancing effects without prominent stimulant effects at relatively low levels of receptor occupancy, and pronounced wakefulness at higher doses. It has therefore been proposed as a potential treatment for sleep disorders such as narcolepsy and to improve vigilance in old age, particularly in the treatment of conditions such as Alzheimer's disease. It also potentiated the effects of antipsychotic drugs, and has been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for schizophrenia.

</doc>
<doc id="9752307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752307" title="Fight Fever">
Fight Fever

Fight Fever, known in Korea as Wang Jung Wang (왕중왕, lit. "The King of Kings"), is a 2D fighting video game for the Neo-Geo MVS System. It is the first and only Korean Neo Geo title ever officially released, as well as the first game developed and released by Korean publisher of SNK games, Viccom (빅콤).
Gameplay.
The game plays similarly to other 2D versus fighting games, especially both SNK's "Fatal Fury 2" and "Art of Fighting". In fact, it shapes itself after "Fatal Fury 2" while it uses "Art of Fighting"'s game engine. There are 8 characters to select from and two boss characters (the first boss character is only playable in two player mode). The object of the game is to win two matches out of three. Each character has a set of moves in addition to two basic punches and kicks. Each character also has a super move called a "Danger Move", which are similar to the Desperation Moves from "Fatal Fury 2". Players also have the ability to taunt others, but unlike games such as "Art of Fighting", this has no effect and would actually leave the player open to attacks. 
There are two bonus games that reward the player with points dependent on how successful the player is. The first game is a brick-breaking game that requires rapid pressing of the A button. The second bonus game requires the player to break boards held up by trainers popping out of the left and right sides. Both bonus games were also in Capcom's 1987 arcade game, "Street Fighter", as well as one of them also in Midway's 1992 arcade game, "Mortal Kombat" and the ones in "Art of Fighting".
Development.
Viccom was founded and headquartered in Daejeon, South Korea in 1991 by president "Kim Jaehoon" (김재훈) and led by chairman Kim Kap-hwan (김갑환). While the Neo-Geo and its library became successful worldwide, SNK and Viccom became partners and published Neo-Geo titles to South Korea. At the same time, Kim Kap-hwan requested some development tools and staff from SNK to create and release "Wang Jung Wang" in South Korea and retitle it as "Fight Fever" for other regions. Although it never became successful, some of its elements and concepts, as well as its name were shared in SNK's later fighting games, most notably "The King of Fighters" franchise, which its first game, "The King of Fighters '94" was in development at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="9752310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752310" title="National Ground Water Association">
National Ground Water Association

The National Ground Water Association (NGWA), headquartered in Westerville, Ohio, is a membership-based nonprofit organization. 
Founded in 1948, the organization is composed of U.S. and international groundwater professionals in four membership divisions: water well contractors, scientists and engineers, manufacturers, and suppliers.
NGWA provides short courses, conferences, and webinars related to the science of groundwater and the groundwater industry to both its members and the general public. It publishes two peer-reviewed journals: "Groundwater" and "Groundwater Monitoring & Remediation", as well as a trade publication, "Water Well Journal". The association also offers voluntary certification programs.
In addition, NGWA also operates a separate nonprofit foundation, the National Ground Water Research and Educational Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9752314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752314" title="Matrícula de Tributos">
Matrícula de Tributos

The Matrícula de Tributos (English: Tribute roll) is a 16th-century central Mexican manuscript on amatl paper, listing the tribute paid by the various tributaries of the Aztec empire.
Each page represents one province. The provinces totaled sixteen. Layout wise, the rolls are read from the bottom left up. The major city for the province is listed first. Further up the page the are tributes for cities that are under the rule of that major city. Each glyph shows an item that that town or city had use for tribute. It also keeps track of how many of what item were contributed in Nahuatl. Hernán Cortés had people make copies of the tribute roll in order to learn more about the Aztec economy. There are hundreds of tribute glyphs listed in it. It's considered an important document in learning about Nahuatl and Aztec culture, mathematics, governance, economy and geography. It is held in the collection of the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia. 
The Matrícula was the source for the tribute section of the Codex Mendoza.

</doc>
<doc id="9752326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752326" title="Ben Shenton">
Ben Shenton

Ben Shenton is the son of the politician and former Senator Dick Shenton.
He was born in Saint Helier in 1960, the third of four children and educated at De La Salle College.
He lives in Grouville, Jersey.
Electoral history.
Shenton entered the States of Jersey at the first attempt.
He was elected as a Senator in the 2005 elections, coming second after Senator Stuart Syvret, with 14,025 votes.
On 19 September 2007 he defeated the Chief Minister's nominated candidate to become Minister for Health & Social Services. He appointed Senator Jim Perchard as Assistant Minister with special responsibility for social services.
As Health & Social Services Minister he represented Jersey at the British-Irish Council Summit held in Dublin on 14 February 2008.
In 2009 he was elected Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) and President of the Chairman's Committee – a Committee consisting of all the Chairmen of the various scrutiny panels and PAC. He resigned from the post of President of Chairman's Committee in 2011 on a matter of principle upon which he was later vindicated.
He decided not to stand for re-election and his term of office ended 14 November 2011. He has said that he hopes to return to the political arena in the future.
Attributed legislative changes.
Shenton was responsible for lodging a proposition to grant a winter fuel allowance to old age pensioners in Jersey and successfully having the proposition passed by the States of Jersey.
He has also fought – and won – numerous battles concerning issues ranging from the management structure of the Jersey Treasury to the siting of local phone masts, and adherence to planning procedures. Recent Public Accounts Committee documents include a detailed analysis of the States of Jersey Report & Accounts, the shared-equity scheme, States management of foreign exchange risk, States Spending Review, and a review of Jersey Heritage Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9752337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752337" title="William Strahan">
William Strahan

William Strahan (24 March 1715 – 9 July 1785) was a Scottish printer and publisher, and a Member of Parliament.
Born in Edinburgh as William Strachan, and educated at the Royal High School, Strahan was originally apprenticed to an Edinburgh printer but became a Master Printer in London (at which time he changed the spelling of his name). In 1738 he was made a Freeman of the City of London and a freeman of the Stationers' Company. Diversifying from printing to publishing, he built up a highly important and successful business, at one time employing 50 men. He was Samuel Johnson's chief publisher, being entrusted with the printing of Johnson's Dictionary, and also published the works of the philosophers David Hume and Adam Smith, and the historian Edward Gibbon. From 1770, he was Printer to the King.
For many years, Strahan attended debates in Parliament and wrote reports of the proceedings that were widely circulated; his paragraphs of political news were frequently printed in the Pennsylvania Gazette, and he became a friend of its owner, Benjamin Franklin. His protégé, David Hall, succeeded Franklin at his print shop in Philadelphia when Franklin retired in 1747. At first he sympathised with the grievances of the American colonists, disapproving of the Stamp Act and publishing arguments in favour of a reconciliation in his London Chronicle. However, he later developed a much more hostile attitude, writing to Hume in 1775 ""I am entirely for coercive methods with these obstinate madmen."" In 1774, he purchased a seat as MP for the Wiltshire borough of Malmesbury, sitting as a supporter of Lord North's Tory administration. He represented that constituency until 1780, and then Wootton Bassett from 1780 to 1784, when he stood down because of ill health. He died the following year.
The original painting of Strahan by Reynolds is located at the National Portrait Gallery in London where it is part of the permanent collection. The painting was first exhibited in 1783.

</doc>
<doc id="9752369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752369" title="Tiempo de valientes">
Tiempo de valientes

Tiempo de valientes () is a 2005 Argentine comedy film written and directed by Damián Szifrón. Contributing writers for the film were Agustín Rolandelli and Nicolás Smudt. The film was produced by Oscar Kramer, Hugo Sigman, Kramer Sigman.
The picture is a buddy-cop adventure.
Plot.
The film tells of Alfredo Díaz (Luis Luque) a cop who falls in depression after discovering that his wife has been cheating on him. Mariano Silverstein (Diego Peretti), a psychologist, tries to help Alfredo deal with his problem.
When Alfredo is invited to dinner to Silverstein's home, he unmasks Silverstein's wife, who also has an affair, which causes the psychologist and the cop to switch roles.
Díaz takes Silverstein with him on many adventures and both have to unravel a conspiracy of national proportions.
Distribution.
The film opened wide in Argentina on September 29, 2005.
It was shown at film festivals, including: the Málaga Film Festival, Spain; the Indie - World Film Festival, Brazil; the Villeurbanne Festival Reflets du cinéma ibérique et Latino-américain, France; and others.
Critical reception.
"Variety" magazine film critic Jonathan Holland, liked the film although he had a few problems with the latter part of the film. He wrote, "A well-scripted and played Argentine buddy movie that generates fine comedy and decent thrills from an engagingly offbeat premise, "On Probation" is a surprising pleasure. Though things fall apart somewhat in the final reels, the solid work early on sees pic through successfully. "Probation" did good business at home following its September 2005 release, followed by unexpectedly healthy Spanish B.O. in 2006, suggesting pic could walk free in selected offshore markets beyond the Hispanic, with a cult following via fest play likely."
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9752375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752375" title="Ovidiu Papadima">
Ovidiu Papadima

Ovidiu Papadima (June 23, 1909, Sinoe, Constanţa County – May 26, 1996, Bucharest) was a Romanian literary critic, folklorist, and essayist. 
He studied at the "Alexandru Papiu Ilarian" High School in Târgu Mureş, graduating at the top of his class in 1928. 
He made his debut at age 23 in the literary magazine "Gândirea", together with Tudor Vianu. He also wrote for Revista Fundaţiilor Regale. From 1937 to 1941, he held an Alexander von Humboldt fellowship, sponsored by the Foreign Office of Nazi Germany. He was on the Faculty at the University of Bucharest between 1941 and 1949. 
After the establishment of the communist regime, Papadima was arrested in 1952 for "counterrevolutionary activities" and for his writings from the interbellic period (especially at Gândirea). He was imprisoned at Calea Rahovei, Ghencea, Craiova, Poarta Albă (at the notorious Danube-Black Sea Canal), Gherla prison, and Jilava. Physically exhausted after this experience (his weight dropped to only 44 kg), he was released on October 7, 1955. Prevented from publishing for several years, he was politically rehabilitated in 1971. 
He had two sons, Ştefan (b. 1953, a mathematician) and Liviu (b. 1957, also a literary critic).

</doc>
<doc id="9752384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752384" title="Data Composite">
Data Composite

A Data Composite is a computer program that reverse engineers a database, the purpose being to access the data. Data Composites allow data to be extracted according to strict security profiles. The most common application is web-front end applications to existing large scale databases.

</doc>
<doc id="9752388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752388" title="Paradise (cocktail)">
Paradise (cocktail)

The Paradise is an IBA official cocktail, and is classified as a "pre-dinner" drink, an apéritif.
The earliest known in-print recipe for the Paradise Cocktail was written by Harry Craddock. This cocktail is prepared using gin, apricot brandy (apricot liqueur), and orange juice in a 2:1:1 ratio, with a splash of lemon juice.
References.
To view the ultimate Paradise Cocktail being made see the Academy Award winning film from 1932'One Way Passage' with William Powell& Kay Francis.In the introduction setup there is a bar scene in Shanghai in which the bartender does quite a performance in making the cocktail for William Powell while absently chatting away .It is a beautiful routine& the drink with shattered glasses & stems crossed is a running bit through the film about star crossed lovers going to their deaths...

</doc>
<doc id="9752404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752404" title="Jack's Alive">
Jack's Alive

Jack's Alive is a 1978 album by British folk-rock band The Oyster Ceilidh Band, an early incarnation of Oysterband

</doc>
<doc id="9752410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752410" title="List of Dirt characters">
List of Dirt characters

This article is a list of fictional characters as featured in American serial drama television series "Dirt". 
Main characters.
Lucy Spiller (Courteney Cox) - Lucy Spiller is the pivotal character of the show. She runs the magazine "DirtNow", (previously two separate magazines), which is marketed as a respectable tabloid. Lucy is a workaholic with a brilliant eye for a story and little remorse about the lives she tangles with. She is constantly burdened with the guilt of the suicide of her father and the feelings of loneliness which stem from this. She does however, truly love her best friend Don Konkey and her brother Leo. For Don, she goes to great lengths to keep him healthy - on his medication, and she and her brother are also close. She finds herself unable to reach orgasm with anything other than her vibrator until she meets Holt McLaren.
Don Konkey (Ian Hart) - Don Konkey was in the journalism club with Lucy during college, and as such is the only character revealed she has a true bond with. Don does exceptional photography work, and is so committed to Lucy that he severed one of his own fingers to get a shot. He suffers from manageable schizophrenia, and is often reluctant to take medication, even at the request of Lucy. 
Holt McLaren (Josh Stewart) - At the beginning of the series, Holt McLaren was a has-been actor whose only claim to fame was his long past blockbusters and his girlfriend, Julia Mallory. After telling Lucy about Kira Klay's pregnancy in episode one, she agreed to do a profile about him in her magazine "Now" when it was still a single entity. After that, he received multiple offerings from movie studios and is currently working under contract on a big-budget action film. He is also Lucy's love interest.
Willa McPherson (Alex Breckenridge) - Willa McPherson is a reporter under Lucy who is frequently on thin ice with her and definitely the most important recurring character. She goes to great lengths to get stories for Lucy, much as Don does to get photos. In various episodes, she takes drugs, submits to sexual advances and befriends the mentally unstable to further the goals of the magazine. She was involved in a casual relationship with Brent Barrow in season 1 and a romantic relationship with Farber Kauffman late in season 2.
Julia Mallory (Laura Allen) - At the start of the series, Julia Mallory is "America's sweetheart", but as "DirtNow" destroys her career, the series tracks her character's degeneration, pain and corruption. Julia is an actress dating actor Holt McLaren. She hurt her back in episode one after Holt crashed their car at 90 miles an hour following the news of Kira Klay's death. She has since suffered various problems - narcotic, sexual, physical and mental, which lead to the collapse of her career and her eventual death. Julia was hit by Leo in his car, which killed her and gave Lucy her first cover after returning from the hospital.
Leo Spiller (Will McCormack) - Leo is Lucy's younger brother, to whom she is reasonably close. He appeared to cope with their father's suicide slightly better than she has, and is closer to their mother than her. He finds his sister's line of work destructive and shallow. He identifies himself as bisexual, although his sister argues that he is gay and in denial. He has a search for peace and disapproves very much of his sister's career, especially after an incident with a closeted A-list celebrity, Jack Dawson. Along with Brent Barrow, Leo was a central character in Season One but remains a mostly unseen character in season two. 

</doc>
<doc id="9752413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752413" title="Fukuhoku Yutaka Line">
Fukuhoku Yutaka Line

The is the collective name for four sections of railway lines operated by Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu) in Fukuoka Prefecture, Kyūshū, Japan. It runs between Kurosaki Station and Hakata station (66.6 km).
The sections called Fukuhoku Yutaka Line are:

</doc>
<doc id="9752415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752415" title="Seminole State Forest">
Seminole State Forest

The Seminole State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in Central Florida, near Eustis.

</doc>
<doc id="9752445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752445" title="Mawlamyine University">
Mawlamyine University

Mawlamyaing University (also the University of Mawlamyaing; ), located in Mawlamyaing, is the largest university in Mon State, Myanmar. The university offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in liberal arts and sciences. It is one of the few universities in the country to offer a specialization in marine science in the country.
History.
The university was founded in 1953 as Moulmein Intermediate College under Yangon University. It was renamed Mawlamyaing Degree College in 1964. It became an independent university in 1986.
Programs.
Classified as an Arts and Science university in the Burmese university education system, Mawlamyaing University offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in common liberal arts and sciences disciplines. Its regular Bachelor of Arts (BA) and Bachelor of Science (BSc) take three years to complete and honors degree programs BA (Hons) and BSc (Hons) take four years. The law program also takes four years.
Mawlamyaing University is one of few universities in Myanmar, offering a degree in Marine Science. Its Marine Science Laboratory in Setse, a coastal town about 60 km south of Mawlamyaing was the first of its kind in Myanmar.
Facilities.
Library.
The university's three-story library, completed in January 2004, houses over 106,000 books and periodicals.
Alumni.
Noted writer Dr. Mehm Tin Mon was a Professor of Chemistry at the university from 1986 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9752449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752449" title="Lake Wales Ridge State Forest">
Lake Wales Ridge State Forest

The Lake Wales Ridge State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located on the Lake Wales Ridge in Central Florida, near Frostproof.
The state forest consists of two large tracts, separated by 2 miles. The Walk in Water Tract, adjoining Lake Weohyakapka (Lake Walk in Water), contains the largest contiguous area of ridge sandhill in public ownership. The Arbuckle Tract, adjoining Lake Arbuckle to the south, is a good example of an ancient scrub ecosystem. Both tracts are open to the public and include hiking trails.

</doc>
<doc id="9752451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752451" title="Susanne (given name)">
Susanne (given name)

Susanne is a feminine given name. It is a German and Scandinavian form of Susan, with Susann and Suzanne as variants.
Notable persons with the given name Susanne include:

</doc>
<doc id="9752460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752460" title="Phil Stacey">
Phil Stacey

Joel Philip "Phil" Stacey (born January 21, 1978) is an American singer who first gained national attention on season 6 of the television talent show "American Idol". After being eliminated from the competition on May 2, 2007, he was signed to a recording contract with Lyric Street Records. His debut single, "If You Didn't Love Me", was released to radio in early 2008 as the lead-off to his self-titled debut album, which was issued April 29, 2008 on Lyric Street. Stacey's second album, "Into the Light", was released on August 25, 2009 via Reunion Records.
Life and career.
Stacey was born in Harlan County, Kentucky. His mother, Adrell Horn, was born in Madison County, Kentucky and works as a nurse in Smyrna, Tennessee. His father, Gary Stacey, is a Church of God (Cleveland) minister who pastors a church. Both of Stacey's grandfathers, Carlie Horn and E.T. Stacey, were also Church of God pastors. Stacey grew up in Fairfield, Ohio and began singing in church. In 2001, he joined in the U.S. Navy, and was the lead vocalist for the Navy Band Southeast. In 2006, he served as the music minister for First Coast Christian Center in Jacksonville, Florida. His father-in-law, Mark McIntosh, pastors a church in Shawnee, Oklahoma called Evangelistic Center Church. He currently resides in Hendersonville, Tennessee with his wife Kendra and their two daughters, Chloe and McKayla.
Stacey graduated from Wichita Northwest High School in Wichita, Kansas in 1997. He attended Lee University in Cleveland, Tennessee. He holds a degree in vocal performance from Lee, where he was a member of one of its auditioned choirs, Lee Singers, and part of that choir's internally selected traveling ensemble, Second Edition. He was eliminated from "American Idol" along with Chris Richardson in the top six results episode; no one had been eliminated the week before.
Albums.
In late 2007, Stacey signed to a recording contract with Lyric Street Records. His first single "If You Didn't Love Me" was released to country radio on January 7, 2008 and peaked at number 28 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. It was written by Jason Sellers, Wendell Mobley, and Rascal Flatts' lead vocalist Gary LeVox. His self-titled debut album was released in April 2008. Stacey also released a promotional single entitled "Old Glory" in July, and parted ways with Lyric Street soon afterward.
On January 28, 2009, Stacey signed to Reunion Records, a Christian music label. His first album for the label, "Into the Light", was released on August 25. It has sold 18,000 copies so far.

</doc>
<doc id="9752467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752467" title="Tiger Bay State Forest">
Tiger Bay State Forest

The Tiger Bay State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in Volusia County, Florida, between Daytona Beach and DeLand.
History.
Tiger Bay State Forest consists of large areas of swamp with embedded pine islands and a large pine ridge area. The purchase of this forest began in 1977 under the Environmentally Endangered Lands Program, with additional acquisitions made in 1994 and 1998. Tiger Bay State Forest is located among several publicly owned lands which create wildlife corridors for species listed as endangered, threatened or of special concern. Roaming habitat is available for the Florida black bear as well as potential nesting and foraging area for the bald eagle.
Tiger Bay State Forest was severely impacted by the 1998 Summer Wildfire Firestorm. Approximately of the forest were burned during these catastrophic wildfires. Restoration included extensive salvage timber removal and reforestation efforts have been completed.
Location.
Tiger Bay State Forest is located in the central section of Volusia County, approximately west of Daytona Beach, Florida. The forest extends north and south of US Highway 92.
Three forest access points are located off of U.S. Route 92:
Natural Features.
Tiger Bay State Forest was named after its largest physiographic feature, Tiger Bay, an extensive wetland that provides a critical aquifer recharge for the local area. Pine islands are dotted throughout the extensive hydric swamp forest and comprise 40% of the property. Also found on the forest are two lakes, Indian Lake and Scoggin Lake, and several ponds. Coon Pond is a natural water body, while Rattlesnake Pond, Woody Pond, and Ranch Pond are man-made ponds that are available to the public for fishing. Three additional unnamed man-made ponds are also located on the forest.
Recreation.
Recreational activities include hiking, bicycling, horseback riding, picnicking, boating, fishing, hunting, nature study and photography. Horseback riding and bicycling are allowed on forest roads designated for their use only. Tiger Bay State Forest contains 1 hiking trail (Buncombe) in the Florida Division of Forestry's Trailwalker Hiking Program and 1 equestrian trail (Rima Ridge) in the Division’s TrailTrotter Program. An equestrian campground has been added to the Rima Ridge Tract with 5 primitive campsites, a small horse corral (16’ × 16’), non-potable water supply and water trough for watering horses. Contact Tiger Bay State Forest to obtain State Forest Use Permits for primitive camping.
Tiger Bay State Forest is managed as a Wildlife Management Area by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC). Indian Lake and Rattlesnake Pond are open for fishing and small boat use. Hunting for whitetail deer, hogs, and small game is permitted during designated seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9752471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752471" title="Sageretia horrida">
Sageretia horrida

Sageretia horrida is a 3m tall erect shrub with short branchlets and red-brown spines. It is found on forest margins on mountains and stony slopes between 1900 and 3600 m in W Sichuan, E Xizang, NW Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="9752495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752495" title="Dragon Master">
Dragon Master

Dragon Master is a 2D fighting arcade game developed and published by Korean company UNiCO Electronics. It was released during the fighting game trend in the early 1990s that started with Capcom's "Street Fighter II". 

</doc>
<doc id="9752505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752505" title="Susannah (given name)">
Susannah (given name)

Susannah is a feminine given name. It is an English version of the Hebrew name Shoshana, meaning lily. Other variants of the name include Susanna, Susana, Susan, Suzanne, and Susie.

</doc>
<doc id="9752520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752520" title="Meghimatium fruhstorferi">
Meghimatium fruhstorferi

Meghimatium fruhstorferi is a species of medium to large air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Philomycidae and the superfamily Arionacea, the roundback slugs.
Distribution.
Its distribution is Japan and Taiwan. Its Japanese name is ヤマナメクジ and Chinese name is 山蛞蝓.
Subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="9752543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752543" title="Rose (cocktail)">
Rose (cocktail)

Rose is a cocktail made of vermouth and cherry eau de vie.

</doc>
<doc id="9752547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752547" title="Carmen Lyra">
Carmen Lyra

Carmen Lyra (January 15, 1887, San José, Costa Rica – May 13, 1949) was the pseudonym of the first prominent female Costa Rican writer, born Maria Isabel Carvajal. She was politically active in the Communist Party of Costa Rica, and was one of the earliest writers to criticise the dominance of the fruit companies.
Her first novel "En una silla de ruedas" (In a Wheelchair), in 1918, portrays national customs and manners through the eyes of a paralysed boy who grows up to become an artist, with a strong dose of sentimentalism and intimations of the bohemian life of San Jose. A collection of folk tales "Cuentos De Mi Tia Panchita" (Tales of My Aunt Panchita) was published in 1920 and has remained continuously in print; the entirety of this collection appears in English translation in Horan's "The Subversive Voice of Carmen Lyra."
Carmen Lyra was a notable educator, working first as a nurse, then as a journalist, co-founding the Centro Germinal for evening classes in 1910 and starting the first Montessori pre-school in Latin America in 1926.
She had a major role in organizing women schoolteachers to burn down the building that housed the official newspaper and to overthrow the dictatorship of Costa Rica's Tinoco brothers in 1916, after which she was given a scholarship to study abroad, at the Sorbonne, in France. She is credited with translating the Communist Manifesto into Spanish in 1920. As Costa Rican politics, under pressure from the United States, moved to the right, she and other leftists were dismissed from their teaching posts in 1933. She went on to take a leading role in the banana workers' strike of 1934, writing "Bananos y Hombres" (Bananas and Men) and touring Costa Rica with a radical puppet theater.
In 1948, she was forced into political exile in Mexico after the Costa Rican Civil War and died there. The Costa Rica Legislative Assembly awarded her the honour of "Benemérita de la Cultura Nacional" in 1976.
As of 2010 Carmen Lyra is depicted in the twenty thousand colones bill.

</doc>
<doc id="9752560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752560" title="Numerical continuation">
Numerical continuation

Numerical continuation is a method of computing approximate solutions of a system of parameterized nonlinear equations, 
The "parameter" formula_2 is usually a real scalar, and the "solution" an "n"-vector. For a fixed "parameter value" formula_2, formula_4 maps Euclidean n-space into itself.
Often the original mapping formula_5 is from a Banach space into itself, and the Euclidean n-space is a finite-dimensional approximation to the Banach space.
A steady state, or fixed point, of a parameterized family of flows or maps are of this form, and by discretizing trajectories of a flow or iterating a map, periodic orbits and heteroclinic orbits can also be posed as a solution of formula_6.
Other forms.
In some nonlinear systems, parameters are explicit. In others they are implicit, and the system of nonlinear equations is written
where formula_8 is an "n"-vector, and its image formula_9 is an "n-1" vector.
This formulation, without an explicit parameter space is not usually suitable for the formulations in the following sections, because they refer to parameterized autonomous nonlinear dynamical systems of the form:
However, in an algebraic system there is no distinction between unknowns formula_8 and the parameters.
Periodic motions.
A periodic motion is a closed curve in phase space. That is, for some "period" formula_12.
The textbook example of a periodic motion is the undamped pendulum.
If the phase space is periodic in one or more coordinates, say formula_14, with formula_15 a vector, then there is a 
second kind of periodic motions defined by
Here formula_17 is a diagonal matrix of integers that serves as an index of these periodic motions of the second kind.
The first step in writing an implicit system for a periodic motion is to move the period formula_12 from the boundary conditions to the ODE:
The second step is to add an additional equation, a "phase constraint", that can be thought of as determining the period. This is necessary because any solution of the above boundary value problem can be shifted in time by an arbitrary amount (time does not appear in the defining equations—the dynamical system is called autonomous).
There are several choices for the phase constraint. If formula_20 is a known periodic orbit at a parameter value formula_21 near formula_2, then, Poincaré used
which states that formula_8 lies in a plane which is orthogonal to the tangent vector of the closed curve. This plane is called a
"Poincaré section".
For a general problem a better phase constraint is an integral constraint introduced by Eusebius Doedel, which chooses the phase so that the distance between the known and unknown orbits is minimized:
Definitions.
Solution component.
A solution component formula_26 of the nonlinear system formula_5 is a set of points formula_28 which satisfy formula_29 and are "connected" to the initial solution formula_30 by a path of solutions formula_31 for which formula_32 
and formula_33.
This figure shows two solution components, one red and the other blue. Note that these two components may be connected outside the region of interest.
Numerical continuation.
A numerical continuation is an algorithm which takes as input a system of parametrized nonlinear equations and an initial solution formula_30, formula_35, and produces a set of points on the solution component formula_26.
Regular point.
A regular point of formula_5 is a point formula_28 at which the Jacobian of formula_5 is full rank formula_40.
Near a regular point the solution component is an isolated curve passing through the regular point (the implicit function theorem). In the figure above the point formula_30 is a regular point.
Singular point.
A singular point of formula_5 is a point formula_28 at which the Jacobian of F is not full rank.
Near a singular point the solution component may not be an isolated curve passing through the regular point. The local structure is determined by higher derivatives of formula_5. In the figure above the point where the two blue curves cross is a singular point.
In general solution components formula_45 are branched curves. The branch points are singular points. Finding the solution curves leaving a 
singular point is called branch switching, and uses techniques from bifurcation theory (singularity theory, catastrophe theory). 
For finite-dimensional systems (as defined above) the Lyapunov-Schmidt decomposition may be used to produce two systems to which the Implicit Function Theorem applies. The Lyapunov-Schmidt decomposition uses the restriction of the system to the complement of the null space of the Jacobian and the range of the Jacobian. 
If the columns of the matrix formula_46 are an orthonormal basis for the null space of 
formula_47
and the columns of the matrix formula_48 are an orthonormal basis for the left null space of formula_49, then
the system formula_50
can be rewritten as
formula_51
where formula_52 is in the complement of the null space of formula_49 formula_54.
In the first equation, which is parametrized by the null space of the Jacobian (formula_55), the Jacobian with respect to formula_52 is non-singular. So the implicit function theorem states that there is a mapping formula_57 such that formula_58 and formula_59. The second equation (with formula_57 substituted) is called the bifurcation equation (though it may be a system of equations).
The bifurcation equation has a Taylor expansion which lacks the constant and linear terms. By scaling the equations and the null space of the Jacobian of the original system a system can be found with non-singular Jacobian. The constant term in the Taylor series of the scaled bifurcation equation is called the algebraic bifurcation equation, and the implicit function theorem applied the bifurcation equations states that for each isolated solution of the algebraic bifurcation equation there is a branch of solutions of the original problem which passes through the singular point. 
Another type of singular point is a turning point bifurcation, or saddle-node bifurcation, where the direction of the parameter formula_2
reverses as the curve is followed. The red curve in the figure above illustrates a turning point.
Particular algorithms.
Natural parameter continuation.
Most methods of solution of nonlinear systems of equations are iterative methods. For a particular parameter value formula_21 a mapping is repeatedly applied to an initial guess formula_63. If the method converges, and is consistent, then in the
limit the iteration approaches a solution of formula_64.
"Natural parameter continuation" is a very simple adaptation of the iterative solver to a parametrized problem. The solution at
one value of formula_2 is used as the initial guess for the solution at formula_66. With formula_67 sufficiently small the iteration applied to the initial
guess should converge.
One advantage of natural parameter continuation is that is uses the solution method for the problem as a black box. All that is required is that an initial solution can be given (some solvers used to always start at a fixed initial guess). There has been a lot of work in the area of large scale continuation on applying more sophisticated algorithms to black box solvers. (see e.g. LOCA).
However, natural parameter continuation fails at turning points, where the branch of solutions turns round. So for problems with turning points, a more sophisticated method such as pseudo-arclength continuation must be used (see below).
Simplicial or piecewise linear continuation.
Simplicial Continuation, or Piecewise Linear Continuation (Allgower and Georg) is based on three basic results. 
The first is
The second result is:
Please see the article on piecewise linear continuation for details.
With these two operations this continuation algorithm is easy to state (although of course an efficient implementation requires a more sophisticated approach. See ). An initial simplex is assumed to be given, from a reference simplicial decomposition of IR^n. The initial simplex must have at least one face which contains a zero of the unique linear interpolant on that face. The other faces of the simplex are then tested, and typically there will be one additional face with an interior zero. The initial simplex is then replaced by the simplex which lies across either face containing zero, and the process is repeated.<br> 
References: Allgower and Georg provides a crisp, clear description of the algotihm.
Pseudo-arclength continuation.
This method, which was proposed by H.B. Keller in the late 1970s, is based on the observation that the "ideal" parameterization of a curve is arclength. Pseudo-arclength is an approximation of the arclength in the tangent space of the curve. The resulting modified natural continuation method makes a step in pseudo-arclength (rather than formula_2). The iterative solver is required to find a point at the given pseudo-arclength, which requires appending an additional
constraint (the pseudo-arclength constraint) to the n by n+1 Jacobian. It produces a square Jacobian, and if the stepsize is sufficiently small the modified Jacobian is full rank.
Correction: Arclength continuation was not discovered by H. B. Keller. It was independently developed by Edward Riks and Gerald Wempner for finite element applications in the late 1960s, and published in journals in the early 1970s. A detailed account of these early developments is
provided in the textbook by M. A. Crisfield: Nonlinear Finite Element Analysis of Solids and Structures, Vol 1: Basic Concepts, Wiley, 1991. Crisfield was one of the most active developers of this class of methods, which are by now standard procedures of commercial nonlinear finite element programs.
The algorithm is a predictor-corrector method. The prediction step finds the point (in IR^(n+1) ) which is a step formula_69 along the tangent vector at the current pointer. The corrector is usually Newton's method, or some variant, to solve the nonlinear system
formula_70
where formula_71 is the tangent vector at formula_72.
The Jacobian of this system is the bordered matrix
formula_73
Gauss–Newton continuation.
This method is a variant of pseudo-arclength continuation. Instead of using the tangent at the initial point in the arclength constraint, the tangent at the current solution is used. This is equivalent to using the pseudo-inverse of the Jacobian in Newton's method, and allows longer steps to be made. 
Continuation in more than one parameter.
The parameter formula_2 in the algorithms described above is a real scalar. Most physical and design problems generally have many more than one parameter. Higher-dimensional continuation refers to the case when formula_2 is a k-vector.
The same terminology applies. A regular solution is a solution at which the Jacobian is full rank formula_40. A singular solution is a solution at which the Jacobian is less than full rank.
A regular solution lies on a k-dimensional surface, which can be parameterized by a point in the tangent space (the null space of the Jacobian). This is again a straightforward application of the Implicit Function Theorem.
Applications of numerical continuation techniques.
Numerical continuation techniques have found a great degree of acceptance in the study of chaotic dynamical systems and various other systems which belong to the realm of catastrophe theory. The reason for such usage stems from the fact that various non-linear dynamical systems behave in a deterministic and predictable manner within a range of parameters which are included in the equations of the system. However, for a certain parameter value the system starts behaving chaotically and hence it become necessary to follow the parameter in order to be able to decipher the occurrences of when the system starts being non-predictable, and what exactly (theoretically) makes the system become unstable.
Analysis of parameter continuation can lead to more insights about stable/critical point bifurcations. Study of saddle-node, transcritical, pitch-fork, period doubling, Hopf, secondary Hopf (Neimark) bifurcations of stable solutions allows for a theoretical discussion of the circumstances and occurrences which arise at the critical points. Parameter continuation also gives a more dependable system to analyze a dynamical system as it is more stable than more interactive, time-stepped numerical solutions. Especially in cases where the dynamical system is prone to blow-up at certain parameter values (or combination of values for multiple parameters). 
It is extremely insightful as to the presence of stable solutions (attracting or repelling) in the study of Nonlinear Partial Differential Equations where times stepping in the form of the Crank Nicolson algorithm is extremely time consuming as well as unstable in cases of nonlinear growth of the dependent variables in the system. The study of turbulence is another field where the Numerical Continuation techniques have been used to study the advent of turbulence in a system starting at low Reynold's numbers. Also, a research using these techniques has provided the possibility of finding stable manifolds and bifurcations to invariant-tori in the case of the restricted three body problem in Newtonian gravity and have also given interesting and deep insights into the behaviour of systems such as the Lorenz equations.
Software.
(Under Construction) See also The SIAM Activity Group on Dynamical Systems' list http://www.dynamicalsystems.org/sw/sw/
Examples.
This problem, of finding the points which "F" maps into the origin appears in computer graphics as the problems of drawing contour maps (n=2), or isosurface(n=3). The contour with value "h" is the set of all solution components of "F-h=0"
References.
Books.
Series Computational Mathematics 35, Springer, 2006.
Journal articles.
""Multiple Parameter Continuation: Computing Implicitly Defined k-manifolds"", M. E. Henderson, IJBC 12[3:451-76, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9752577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752577" title="Limestone, Tennessee">
Limestone, Tennessee

Limestone is an unincorporated community on the western border of Washington County and the eastern border of Greene County in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Tennessee. Its zip code is 37681. Limestone is part of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
Washington College Academy was founded in Limestone in 1780 by Rev. Samuel Doak, and was the first institution to bear the name of the first American president. Limestone was the birthplace of David Crockett (1786) to John and Rebecca Crockett, and is the location of the Davy Crockett Birthplace State Park. The Gillespie House, built in 1792 by pioneer settler George Gillespie, still stands in Limestone. One of the locations used in the TV movie "Goodbye, Miss 4th of July" (1988) was the Old Stone House in Limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="9752581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752581" title="Mary Bailey (aviator)">
Mary Bailey (aviator)

Dame Mary Bailey DBE (1 December 1890 – 29 July 1960), née Westenra, was a British aviator.
The daughter of Derrick Warner William Westenra, 5th Baron Rossmore, of Rossmore Castle, County Monaghan and his wife, Mittie (née Naylor), Bailey was known as one of the finest aviatrices of her time, who ""personally guided a plane from England to the nether tip of South Africa and back"" ("Time", 28 January 1930). In January 1930 she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE).
She was awarded a pilot's licence in early 1927 and quickly started a sporting career. She became the first woman to fly across the Irish Sea. On 5 July 1927 she set a world's height record of 17,283 ft (5268 m) in a light aircraft category, flying DH.60 Cirrus II Moth.
Between 9 March and 30 March 1928, she made an 8,000 mile solo flight from Croydon to Cape Town, flying de Havilland Cirrus Moth with an extra fuel tank, then she made 18,000 mile journey back between September 1928 and 16 January 1929. It was the longest solo flight and longest flight accomplished by a woman that far.
In 1927 and 1928 she twice won the Harmon Trophy as the world's outstanding aviatrix. She also participated in two F.A.I International Tourist Plane Contests - Challenge International de Tourisme 1929, which she completed off the contest, and Challenge International de Tourisme 1930, in which she took 31st place for 60 participants, being one of only two women.
She gained the rank of Section Officer in the service of the Women's Auxiliary Air Force, during World War II.
Family.
She married Sir Abraham "Abe" Bailey on 5 September 1911, being his second wife, and they had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="9752584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752584" title="Down Under (book)">
Down Under (book)

Down Under is the British title of a 2000 travelogue book about Australia written by best-selling travel writer Bill Bryson. In the United States and Canada it was published titled In a Sunburned Country, a title taken from the famous Australian poem, "My Country". It was also published as part of "Walk About", which included "Down Under" and another of Bryson's books, "", in one volume.
Summary.
Bill Bryson describes his travels by railway and car throughout Australia, his conversations with people in all walks of life about the history, geography, unusual plants and animals of the country, and his wry impressions of the life, culture and amenities (or lack thereof) in each locality.
In a style similar to his book "A Walk in the Woods", or William Least Heat-Moon's "Blue Highways", Bryson's research enabled him to include many stories about Australia's 19th-century explorers and settlers who suffered extreme deprivations, as well as details about its natural resources, culture, and economy. His writings are intertwined with recurring humorous themes, notably, in the chapter Crossing Australia he makes constant reference to drinking of urine to survive, as was done by many 19th century explorers. He jokingly adds, about a certain explorer "...I daresay he drank some of his own urine" and "They drank their own and their horse's urine"
Synopsis.
The book consists of three parts.
1. Into the Outback
The book starts off with the author wondering who the current Prime Minister of Australia is, as he feels that it is a difficult country to keep track of.
The first part of the book mainly describes the journey taken by Bryson aboard the Indian Pacific railway from Sydney to Perth. He is accompanied on this journey by a young English photographer named Trevor Ray Hart. The author describes his experiences on the train, the places the train passes through on its way to Perth such as the Blue Mountains and White Cliffs. The author also supplies plenty of humor in the form of historical accounts of early explorers and settlers in Australia.
<br clear=all>
2. Civilized Australia (The Boomerang Coast)
This section of the book starts off with historical accounts from the time when Australia was discovered and goes on to illustrate how the Australians built a dynamic and prosperous society from a modest and unpropitious beginning. The rest of this section is devoted to the author's account of what he considers to be Civilized Australia – the lower right-hand corner of the country, extending from Brisbane in the north to Adelaide in the south and west. Bryson describes his journey, the people and their cities as he drives through Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra and Adelaide. The section ends with Bryson's account of a brief visit to Myall Creek and Surfer's Paradise.
3. Around the edges
This section of the book begins with Allan Sherwin, Bryson's friend and temporary travelling companion on this part of the journey, offering all his urine in case they got lost while crossing the arid wastes of Australia's interior. This part of the journey covers the Great Barrier Reef, Alice Springs and the mighty monolithic rock Uluru.

</doc>
<doc id="9752612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752612" title="Luis Margani">
Luis Margani

Luis Margani is a film and television actor.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9752626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752626" title="James Bachman">
James Bachman

James Hamilton Bachman (born 24 February 1972) is an English comedian, actor and writer. He has written for and acted in many British television and radio programmes, including "That Mitchell and Webb Look", "Saxondale", "Bleak Expectations" and "Sorry, I've Got No Head".
He is the grandson of the best-selling author M. M. Kaye, and holds both British and American citizenship.
Early life.
Bachman was born in Cuckfield, East Sussex to an American father and English mother. He attended Radley College and studied Natural Sciences at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, focusing on Physics and Mathematics. He joined Footlights, having been a Monty Python and Fry and Laurie fan as a youngster. It was while in Footlights that he first met David Mitchell and Robert Webb, whom he would collaborate with for their shows, and also future writing partner Mark Evans. His other student comedy contemporaries included the writer and director Dan Mazer and the TV scriptwriter Robert Thorogood.
He became co-vice-president of Footlights in 1993 and appeared in and wrote for the 1994 Footlights revue "The Barracuda Jazz Option". He returned after graduation to direct the subsequent revue "Fall From Grace", which included amongst its cast Mitchell, Webb, and Matthew Holness. That same year he also directed a production of the Keith Waterhouse play "Jeffrey Bernard Is Unwell", starring Mitchell as Jeffrey Bernard and Webb in multiple roles.
By the time Bachman finished university he had lost interest in his area of study and chose to go into comedy instead, much to his parents' initial disappointment.
Career.
Shortly after graduating, Bachman began a short-lived sketch double-act with fellow Cambridge comedian Matthew Holness. Bachman & Holness performed their first sketch show "Rummage" in the Pleasance Attic at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1996. Their second show "Shoes "debuted at the ADC Theatre in Cambridge the following year and is notable for including one of the first ever performances of Holness' character Garth Marenghi.
Bachman then went on to spend the early part of his career earning a living mainly as a comedy writer, starting as a solo writer for radio shows such as Weekending, and then forming a writing partnership with Mark Evans. As a pair they contributed material to a huge number of sketch and entertainment shows for radio and television including "The Very World of Milton Jones", "The Jack Docherty Show", "The 11 O'Clock Show", "The Priory", "The Richard Blackwood Show", "Rhona", "Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway", "Popetown", "Ed Stone Is Dead", "That Mitchell and Webb Sound", and "That Mitchell and Webb Look". As writers on "That Mitchell and Webb Look", Bachman and Evans created several of their much-loved sketches including 'Numberwang', 'David's Chiropractor', 'Glucozade Port' and 'Bed & Booze'.
During this period he made a few appearances on TV in shows he was writing on as well as occasional roles in shows such as "15 Storeys High", "The Robinsons" and "Comedy Nation".
Frustrated at the lack of outlets for sketch and character performers on the London comedy circuit, Bachman, along with Evans and Robert Thorogood, set up the sketch comedy club TBA-2 at the Latchmere Theatre (now Theatre503). (The name was a reference to London's 'first ever sketch comedy club' TBA set up by Henry Naylor and Andy Parsons in the mid-Nineties.) Regular performers included their university contemporaries Mitchell, Webb, Holness and Jonathan Dryden Taylor as well as The Four Horseman, The Trap, Stuart & Quigley, John Reed, Ben & Arn, Nick Doody, Andy Bodle, Spencer Brown and Georgie Morgan.
In early 2001 Bachman and Evans began a weekly live residency at the Etcetera Theatre in London, developing a free-form live sketch-sitcom under the title "Work In Progress". Material from this residency became their first Edinburgh Fringe show "Hmm..." which ran at the Assembly Rooms. Bachman and Evans returned to Edinburgh in 2002 with their second show "The Bachman and Evans Special Edition", which attempted to add DVD-style commentary and 'extra scenes' to their normal live-sitcom-adventure format. In 2001 and 2002 Bachman also directed Edinburgh Fringe shows for Mitchell and Webb: "The Mitchell and Webb Story" and "The Mitchell and Webb Clones".
At the end of 2001 Bachman joined Lucy Montgomery and Barunka O'Shaughnessy to form the clown comedy trio Population: 3. Their first show "Gladiatrix "was devised with director Cal McCrystal and performed at the Soho Theatre in London and subsequently at the 2002 Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it achieved some success. Continuing the theme of taking Hollywood films and reversing the sex of the main character, Population: 3 returned to the Fringe in 2003 with their most successful show "The Wicker Woman "(which was seen by Robin Hardy the director of the original The Wicker Man), and its 2004 follow-up "The Elephant Woman," both devised with director David Sant.
Bachman was then invited to become part of the regular team behind "Ealing Live!", a weekly live comedy show at Ealing Studios inspired by the format of the American show "Saturday Night Live" and the 1980s British comedy shows Saturday Live and "Friday Night Live". He also became a regular fixture on the live character and sketch circuit in London, performing as Oscar Wilde, The James Bachman International Orchestra and Papa Christmas at comedy nights including Oram and Meeten's Club Fantastico, The Book Club, and The Pros From Dover.
In 2008 he and Evans recorded a pilot for Radio 4 based on the style of their Edinburgh shows comedy. The show, called "Zoom", was written by and starred Bachman and Evans, and co-starred David Soul and Carla Mendonça with Jon Glover as Melvyn Bragg. It also featured a special guest appearance by Nicholas Parsons as himself. The show had originally been developed as a TV series with Absolutely Productions and was not picked up for a series by Radio 4.
Bachman has since appeared in regular and cameo roles in "Saxondale", "The Mighty Boosh", "The IT Crowd", "Hyperdrive, Miranda, Peep Show, Rev." and "Mount Pleasant "as well as a number of other television and radio programmes. From 2008 to 2010 he co-wrote and starred in three series of the CBBC sketch show "Sorry, I've Got No Head, "appearing as some of the shows most popular characters including Ross, the only boy in the North Barrasay school, Mark, the record breaker, Prudith, who with her friend Jasmine thinks everything costs a thousand pounds, and the beekeeper who thinks maybe his bees can help.
He was a regular member of the cast of both "That Mitchell and Webb Look" and "That Mitchell and Webb Sound" and in the winter of 2006 he toured with David Mitchell and Robert Webb as part of their live show "The Two Faces of Mitchell and Webb".
Bachman is also well known to BBC Radio 4 listeners as jolly idiot Harry Biscuit in all five series of the BBC radio comedy "Bleak Expectations", which ran from 2007 to 2012.
His film credits include the shorts "Stiffy" and "Monsters and Rabbits" as well as a cameo appearance in the Bain and Armstrong film "Magicians". He also co-starred in Michael Bay's "" (2014), as Gill Wembley.
Although Evans now generally works as a solo writer, he and Bachman still occasionally collaborate. Bachman also writes in partnership with a variety of other comedy writers including Tom Meeten, Tony Way, Gareth Tunley, Arnold Widdowson and Toby Davies.
Internet.
Bachman and Tunley make their own improvised web series "Peeder Jigson's Video Diary" published on Funny or Die and on YouTube in which Bachman appears as the film director Peeder Jigson (a version of New Zealand film director Peter Jackson, director of the "The Lord of The Rings" and "The Hobbit" film trilogies). The show is a spoof behind-the-scenes video diary purporting to show the making of the Jackson's three "Hobbit" films (here referred to as '"The Hubbard"'). In the videos Tunley often takes the role of Peeder's friend Daryl who is operating the camera and therefore unseen, but sometimes heard. Some of the videos also purport to be shot by Peeder himself, and in one instance, due to illness, Peeder claims to have let Sir Ian McKellen make one. The first video in the series was posted to Funny or Die in January 2011, almost a year and a half before Peter Jackson began uploading his own official production diaries of the making of the Hobbit. In July 2012 Empire Magazine published a full-page interview with Jigson about the shooting of the movies. Bachman and Tunley also tweet as Peeder Jigson.
In collaboration with Tom Meeten, Bachman has also shot a number sketches for the BBC's online comedy presence under the umbrella of a fake BBC Internet channel called "BBC Nought". The videos are presented as trailers for upcoming shows on BBC Nought, and include clips from parodies of real BBC shows as well as invented shows such as "Shower Chat", "The Farming Programme" and "Celebrity Driving School". BBC shows parodied include , "Question Time", "Later... with Jools Holland", "Final Score" and, most successfully, "The Apprentice", in which Bachman and Meeten portray the selection process for the famous reality show.

</doc>
<doc id="9752659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752659" title="Keiller Mackay Collegiate Institute">
Keiller Mackay Collegiate Institute

Keiller MacKay Collegiate Institute (KMCI, Keiller MacKay) is a medium-sized former public high school located in Toronto's west end close to the intersection of Islington Avenue and Highway 401. When it was open, it was overseen by the Etobicoke Board of Education, which was joined with other school boards in the Toronto area during the city's amalgamation to form what is now the Toronto District School Board.
History.
KMCI opened its doors in September 1971, and the school's architecture reminds one of a factory - specifically, there is a distinct lack of windows. The school experienced declining enrollment during the late 1970s and early 1980s as with other schools in Etobicoke area plummeted following a decision by the Ontario Government to extend funding of Catholic schools to include secondary school grades 10 to 13 (OAC) in the 1980s.
The Etobicoke Board of Education made a final decision to close KMCI in 1981 as the school property was sold to the Metropolitan Separate School Board (later the Toronto Catholic District School Board, and now houses Don Bosco Catholic Secondary School), and KMCI closed its doors for the last time at the end of the 1982-83 school year.
There was a need for a Catholic school. Don Bosco had already been running in the area in portables since its inception in 1978 and needed a school building. Keiller MacKay was chosen to be sold to the separate school board due to its declining enrolment.
The school was named after John Keiller MacKay, who served as the 19th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 1957 to 1963.
The school colours were green and blue, and its mascot was a Saber-toothed cat. The school's motto was "Manu Forti" (Strong Hand).
Principals.
KMCI had only 2 Principals through the 12 years it was open. John McNeil was principal for 9 years, starting in 1971. Gordon Fleming was Principal for the final 3 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9752690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752690" title="Lukather">
Lukather

Lukather is the first solo album from Toto guitarist Steve Lukather released in 1989.
History.
"Lukather" came about after Toto had been recording and playing for eleven years and the band consensus was to take a break. Since Lukather had a number of songs written that did not appear on Toto albums, he decided to pursue a solo album. His intention was to present a dimension of his musical work that fans would not be familiar with, and he collaborated with many notable musicians. Among the people involved in Lukather were Eddie Van Halen, Steve Stevens, Richard Marx, Jan Hammer, and fellow Toto members Jeff Porcaro and David Paich. Lukather has stated that the album is produced in a very simple manner and that one can hear a lot of ambient studio noise such as counting off on various tracks. He also credits bands Pink Floyd, Cream, Led Zeppelin, and guitarists Jimi Hendrix, David Gilmour, Jeff Beck, and Eric Clapton as influences on the album. Much of the material was debuted live in late 1988 when Lukather did a number of solo live dates in the Los Angeles area while the album was being recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="9752695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752695" title="Eve Sussman">
Eve Sussman

Eve Sussman is a British-born American artist. She was educated at Robert College of Istanbul, University of Canterbury and Bennington College. She resides in Brooklyn, New York, where her company, the Rufus Corporation is based; however, she continuously visits cultural centers around the world, where her exhibitions take place.
Work.
Sussman's work incorporates film, video, installation, sculpture, and photography. In 2003 she began working in collaboration with The Rufus Corporation – an international ad hoc ensemble of performers, artists, and musicians – and has produced the extraordinary motion picture and video art pieces "89 Seconds at Alcázar" (2004) and "The Rape of the Sabine Women" (2007). Sussman translates well known masterworks into her large scale re-enactments. Premiered at the 2004 Whitney Biennial, "89 Seconds at Alcázar" is a 10-minute, continuously flowing single take that meticulously creates the moments directly before and after the image portrayed by Diego Velásquez in "Las Meninas" (1656). Shot on location in Greece and Germany, "The Rape of the Sabine Women" is a video-musical loosely based on the myth of the founding of Rome, inspired by the French neoclassical painter Jacques-Louis David's masterpiece, "The Intervention of the Sabine Women" (1794-1799). More recently, "whiteonwhite:algorithmicnoir" (2011) is a film that follows the observations and surveillance of a geophysicist code writer stuck in a futuristic city.
Exhibitions.
Sussman had her first solo show at Bronwyn Keenan Gallery in SoHo in 1997. Besides the United States, and the Whitney Museum of American Art amongst other institutions her work has been exhibited in Turkey, Austria, United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, Italy, Spain, Croatia, France, Poland, and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9752697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752697" title="Gene Markey">
Gene Markey

Eugene Willford "Gene" Markey (December 11, 1895 – May 1, 1980) was an American author, producer, screenwriter, and highly decorated naval officer.
Biography.
Early life.
Markey was born in Michigan in the year 1895. His father, Eugene Lawrence Markey, was a Colonel in the United States Army. His uncle, Daniel P. Markey, had been Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1918.
Chicago.
He was a skilled sketch artist, which gained him entry, after World War I, into the Art Institute of Chicago starting in 1919 and finishing in 1920. There, he claimed to have "studied painting and learned nothing". After that, he worked as a journalist in Chicago for several newspapers and magazines, including "Photoplay" magazine. It was during the 1920s that Gene Markey first became a writer, specializing in novels about the Jazz Age. Among his titles were "Anabel", "Stepping High", "Women, Women, Everywhere", and "His Majesty's Pyjamas". His book "Literary Lights" (March 1923, Alfred A. Knopf, New York) was a collection of fifty of America's most important literary authors of the day. He personally sketched each caricature.
Hollywood.
He went to Hollywood in 1929 and became a screenwriter for Twentieth Century Fox. His screen credits included "King of Burlesque" (1936) starring Alice Faye, "Girls' Dormitory" (1936) featuring Herbert Marshall, and "On the Avenue" (1937), starring Dick Powell, Madeleine Carroll, and Alice Faye. He was also the producer of the 1937 Shirley Temple film, "Wee Willie Winkie", among others.
Although he was not overly handsome, he was a very skilled conversationalist and he quickly became a popular fixture in Hollywood society. Among his good friends in Hollywood were producer John Hay Whitney, composer Irving Berlin, and actors Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Ward Bond and John Wayne. He would often go fishing with Bond and Wayne off Catalina Island. A 1946 article in the "Washington Times Herald" said, "Other Men Say: What's Gene Markey Got That We Haven't Got?" The article ran a photo of Rudolph Valentino with the caption, "NOT SO HOT – By Comparison. Though all American womanhood swooned over him in his day, Rudolph Valentino was no Markey." Soon after he arrived in Hollywood in 1929, it was also reported that, "Markey became the most sought after unattached man in the cinema firmament, so sprinkled with far handsomer, richer male stars." Markey was married three times to prominent film actresses. His first wife was Joan Bennett, from 1932 to 1937 (which produced a daughter, Melinda). He was married to Hedy Lamarr from 1939 to 1940 and to Myrna Loy from 1946 to 1950. At first, Loy claimed mental cruelty, but later retracted it, saying, "He could make a scrubwoman think she was a queen and he could make a queen think she was the queen of queens."
Military career.
After his graduation from Dartmouth, Markey became a lieutenant in the infantry during World War I (which the United States had entered in 1917) and saw action at the Battle of Belleau Wood. He then joined the U.S. Naval Reserve in 1920 and it was during World War II that he made his greatest mark. In August 1941, he reported to Balboa, Panama with the rank of Lieutenant Commander. He had a yacht, "Melinda" (named after his daughter), that he donated to the United States Navy for use as a submarine chaser. During the war, Markey rose to the rank of Commodore and served as an assistant intelligence officer on the staff of Fleet Admiral William "Bull" Halsey at Guadalcanal. After the war, he was promoted to Rear Admiral and he officially retired from the Navy on February 27, 1956. He was highly decorated; among his awards were the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star with Combat V (for leading a reconnaissance mission in the Solomon Islands in 1942), a Navy Commendation Medal, Italy's Star of Solidarity, and France's Legion of Honor. During World War II, Markey became good friends with Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma. After the war, he became a Special Assistant to United States Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal. Markey was very proud of his Admiral's commission. He insisted on being called, "Admiral Markey" never "Mister Markey" and, rarely, "Gene". For the rest of his life, he would promptly toss ANY mail (including bills) that wasn't addressed to ADMIRAL Markey into the trash.
Later life.
He returned to Hollywood after the war and, on September 27, 1952, he married his fourth wife, Lucille Parker Wright, the widow of Warren Wright, owner of the Calumet Farm racing stable. Markey left California after this marriage.
He developed something of a knack for naming the farm's horses. First there was a filly, was named Our Mims after his daughter Melinda. Another was named Myrtle Morgan after the two streets that intersected in front of his property in Saratoga Springs, New York. Still another was named Eastern Fleet (possibly as a tribute to his service in the Navy) who would finish fourth in the 1971 Kentucky Derby and second in the Preakness Stakes. Markey was also a lover of dogs. He owned a black Labrador Retriever named Lucky that lived to be 17, which is very unusual. Mrs. Markey also had a dog, a Yorkshire Terrier that was named Timmy Tammy (after which she was thought to have named one of Calumet Farm's champion thoroughbreds, Tim Tam). Mrs. Markey carried the dog with her in her purse everywhere she went.
Shortly after this marriage, Markey would become good friends with Ralph Wilson who later was the founder and owner of the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. One of Mrs. Markey's hobbies was collecting statues of eagles. In 18th century Kentucky, eagles were widely believed to be a symbol of good luck.
Dividing his time between Lexington, Kentucky, Saratoga Springs, New York, and Miami Beach, Florida (with an occasional trip to Europe thrown in), he continued to write. Among his works during this period were: "Kentucky Pride", an adventure–romance set in Civil War Kentucky, and "That Far Paradise", a story of an 18th Century family making its way from Virginia to settle in what later became Kentucky. As background research for his book, Markey recreated the journey himself. Markey was very fond of the time he spent in Kentucky, quickly becoming a fixture on its social scene and becoming good friends with many members of the thoroughbred racing community. He once told a reporter, "I cannot restrain my ardor for the place and its people...No duck ever took to water as I have taken to Kentucky."
Markey was also a noted party giver. One of his specialties was a tropical punch made with an unknown number of rums. At his parties, his old friends from Hollywood often mixed with his new friends from Kentucky and mixed very well. While he lived in Kentucky, he purchased an old 18th Century log cabin and had it moved to the Calumet Farm property where he would use it as his writing room. He also had two brands of private reserve bourbon distilled he named "Old Commodore" (as a tribute to his service in the U.S. Navy) and "Old Calumet Cabin" (after his writing room).
On July 31, 1958, Admiral Markey was commissioned a Kentucky Colonel (a ceremonial rank) by Governor Albert Benjamin "Happy" Chandler, Sr.. He also served as the model for the character played by Burgess Meredith in the 1965 film "In Harm's Way", starring his good friend John Wayne.
Admiral and Mrs. Markey remained married until his death after which in 1980, he was buried in the Lexington Cemetery in Lexington, Kentucky. His wife, Lucille Parker Wright, was buried next to him upon her death shortly thereafter in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="9752698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752698" title="Oliver Harris">
Oliver Harris

Oliver Harris is a British academic and lecturer at Keele University. He has written on and edited numerous works by William S. Burroughs, including "Junky" and "The Yage Letters". His subject areas are film, literature and American studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9752731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752731" title="Te land, ter zee en in de lucht">
Te land, ter zee en in de lucht

Te land ter zee en in de lucht ("On land at sea and in the air") is the longest running Dutch amusement television show. It was first aired in 1971. In 2006 the 35th season of the TROS program was recorded and broadcast. It is still a popular show and travels through the country during the summer.
Types of 'Te land ter zee en in de lucht'.
Contestants must race along a track in self-made vehicles. Most parts of the game take place above water, and getting to the end of the track without becoming wet is nearly impossible. But to win, you'll have to be the fastest who reaches the end of the track, without becoming wet. Of course you're allowed to get wet after you finished. Since 2010, the Belgian broadcaster vtm also participate, together with the TROS
There are several different kinds of show:
Each one has its own rules and track.

</doc>
<doc id="9752749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752749" title="Abdal-Latif Mirza">
Abdal-Latif Mirza

Abdal-Latif Mirza,(c. 1420 – May 9, 1450) was the great-grandson of Central Asian emperor Timur. He was the third son of Ulugh Beg, Timurid ruler of Transoxiana (modern Uzbekistan, Tajikistan and parts of Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan).
Having been given the governorship of Balkh, Abdal-Latif Mirza served under his father. During the succession struggle that followed the death of Shah Rukh, he occupied Herat, although after Ulugh Beg left the city at the end of 1448 it was conquered by Mirza Abul-Qasim Babur bin Baysonqor.
Abdal-Latif Mirza did not remain loyal to his father. Angry over the fact that he was to be passed over in the transfer of rule of Samarkand, he revolted while Ulugh Beg was marching to retake Khorasan. He defeated his father at Dimashq, near Samarkand, in the fall of 1449.
Ulugh Beg later decided to surrender himself, and Abdal-Latif Mirza granted him permission to take a pilgrimage to Mecca, but while Ulugh Beg was on his way he was ordered murdered by his son.
This earned Abdal-Latif Mirza the infamous nickname "Padarkush" (from Tajik "patricide"). A few days later he also had his brother 'Abd al-'Aziz killed.
In this manner he became ruler of Transoxiana. A somewhat pious person, he gained the support of the local religious groups, but this did not save him from a conspiracy hatched against him by the amirs. His reign lasted for only six months. He was succeeded by his cousin Abdallah Mirza.

</doc>
<doc id="9752765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752765" title="Riddarhusgränd">
Riddarhusgränd

Riddarhusgränd (Swedish: "House of Knights' Alley") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching north from the square Riddarhustorget to the bridge Vasabron, it passes between the Swedish House of Knights ("Riddarhuset") and the Bonde Palace forming a parallel street to Rådhusgränd. On either side of its northern end are the quays Riddarhuskajen and Kanslikajen.
History.
While the House of Knights was built to the design of Simon de la Vallée in 1641-1674, and the Bonde Palace was originally designed as a private palace by Nicodemus Tessin the Elder and Jean De la Vallée in 1662-1667, the alley passing between them and named after the vicinity to the former, first appears in historical records as "Riddarhuus Gränden" in 1718. It was initially intended as the northern extension of Stora Nygatan, a street stretching north through the old town to Riddarhustorget, and in turn the result of the reconstruction of the western part of the old town following the great fire of 1625.
Before the bridge Vasabron was constructed in the 1870s, the alley was a peripheral passage leading to a remote quay and, as its width of 7 metres still knows to tell, it was not designed to take up heavy traffic loads. With the completion of the bridge things changed considerably, and, as intimated by the 18 metres wide bridge, intentions in the 19th century was to widen the alley at the expense of the Bonde Palace to give space to a second roadway. As these plans were never carried out, traffic is still forced to make a detour around the intact palace.
The eastern façade of the House of Knights is one of the most elaborated of its kind in Sweden, richly decorated with acorns, oak leafs, and a great variety of flowers in sandstone, while the half metre tall letters on the frieze of the roof, ornamented in gold leaf proclaim DULCE ET DECORUM EST PRO PATRIA MORI ("Delightful and honourable it is to die for the Patrimony/Country"). The façade and all the details were carefully restored by specialists in 2004.
Lately, selected buildings and historical structures in central Stockholm have been the subjects for a project entitled "Projekt Nattljus" ("Project Night Light"), intended to give the city a face-lift by letting spotlights enlighten façades, bridges, fountains, etcetera. Riddarhusgränd is included in the project as part of the lighting design for Riddarhustorget.

</doc>
<doc id="9752775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752775" title="World Croquet Federation">
World Croquet Federation

The World Croquet Federation (WCF) encourages, promotes and develops the recognised versions of the game of croquet internationally at all levels. National croquet associations around the world are members of the WCF, and the WCF sanctions championship croquet tournaments worldwide. The official rules of Golf Croquet are maintained by the WCF.
Member Countries.
Croquet playing Nations must satisfy strict criteria prior to membership being accepted by the WCF.
Full Members.
Australia, Canada, Egypt, England, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, and United States of America are Full Members of the WCF (as of 1 February 2013).
Associate Members.
Austria, Czech Republic, Germany, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and Wales are Associate Members of the WCF (as of 1 February 2013).
Observer Nations.
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, India, Isle of Man, Jersey, Palestine, Portugal and Russia are Observer Nations of the WCF (as of 1 February 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="9752778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752778" title="Echinocereus reichenbachii">
Echinocereus reichenbachii

Echinocereus reichenbachii is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family Cactaceae. The popular names hedgehog cactus and lace cactus refer to the appearance of the spines. Native to Mexico and Southern USA, it has been found as far north as Oklahoma, Kansas, and possibly into Colorado.
"Echinocereus reichenbachii" is one of the smaller "Echinocereus" species. Under good conditions it will grow to a height of with a diameter of . The purple or pink flowers bloom in late spring, reaching a width of up to . It is cold-hardy and endures frost as long as it is kept dry. However, it can actually be seen growing naturally in some places with more than of rain per year, such as Lampasas County, Texas. In temperate regions it is normally cultivated under glass with heat.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
"Echinocereus reichenbachii" var. "albertii" (black lace cactus) is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. It is endemic to Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9752784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752784" title="Okaloacoochee Slough State Forest">
Okaloacoochee Slough State Forest

The Okaloacoochee Slough State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in the southwestern part of the state, near Felda.

</doc>
<doc id="9752815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752815" title="Thunderbird School of Global Management">
Thunderbird School of Global Management

Thunderbird School of Global Management is an American nonprofit 501(c)(3) business school located in Glendale, Arizona. It is a privately owned school and offers graduate-level degrees, including Master of Business Administration and other Master's degrees. The school offers programs at their campus in Arizona and online for full-time students and working professionals. Thunderbird was founded in 1946 by Lieutenant General Barton Kyle Yount, and is located on Thunderbird Field No. 1, a former military airfield from which it derives its name.
Thunderbird is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
History.
Early history.
Thunderbird School of Global Management was founded in 1946 as "The American Institute for Foreign Trade". The school was founded by Lieutenant General Barton Kyle Yount in Glendale, Arizona on the former World War II military airfield, Thunderbird Field No. 1, which had been purchased by Yount for one dollar on the grounds that he use the property for educational purposes for a minimum of 10 years. Yount became the school's first president when the school was chartered on April 8, 1946. Classes officially began on October 1, 1946 with 98% of enrolled students attending on the G.I. Bill. The first degrees were awarded on June 14, 1947.
The institute focused on international management and was the first graduate school to train students in global business to work for the U.S. government or overseas for American businesses. Early in its history, Thunderbird implemented a language program focused on Spanish and Portuguese, using the same instructional methods that the Army had used during World War II. The school also created an international studies program early on, focused initially on Latin America, but later expanding to include other parts of the world, such as Asia.
In the school's early years, Thunderbird awarded two degrees, a Bachelor of Foreign Trade and a Master of Foreign Trade, although after 1975 the school no longer offered the undergraduate degree. The American Institute for Foreign Trade later changed its name to the"Thunderbird Graduate School of International Management" before again changing its name to the "American Graduate School of International Management" in the 1970s.
1990s and 2000s.
Beginning in the 1990s, the school went by the name "Thunderbird, the American Graduate School of International Management". After reaching a peak enrollment of around 1,600 in the 1990s, Thunderbird saw declining enrollment numbers in the 2000s. The school also saw a decline in the number of foreign students enrolled as a result of stricter visa rules.
In 2001, the school began to offer a Master of Business Administration (MBA) in International Management, replacing the previously offered Master of International Management. Three years later, the school changed its name to "Thunderbird, the Garvin School of International Management", following a $60 million donation from alumnus Samuel Garvin. The same year, the school hired Ángel Cabrera to serve as president. Cabrera oversaw the school's 2006 adoption of their Professional Oath of Honor. The oath was developed with input from students and faculty and was considered by the school to be the first of its kind for business schools. Students sign the pledge upon graduation promising to act ethically and honestly in the business world (similar to the Hippocratic Oathtaken by doctors).
Garvin's name was removed from the school's name in 2007. The school began to use the name "Thunderbird School of Global Management", to focus on the Thunderbird brand and highlight the school's focus on global business. At this time, Garvin's name was given to the newly created position, the Garvin Distinguished Professor of Global Management Research, and was still used for the Garvin Center of Cultures and Languages of International Management and the Garvin Professorship of Entrepreneurship. As part of the transition to the new name, the school adopted its current logo of a phoenix with a globe-shaped body.
2010s.
In 2011, after efforts by a Thunderbird alumnus, Arizona began selling Thunderbird license plates. The following year, Larry Penley became the president of Thunderbird.
In March 2013, the school announced a planned partnership with Laureate Education, Inc. As part of the planned partnership, Thunderbird would remain a nonprofit organization, exempt from income tax as 501(c)(3), but would establish a joint educational service company with Laureate, a for-profit company. This joint company would launch an undergraduate program and expand online programs. Undergraduate students would attend Thunderbird for the final year of their undergraduate degree program. The planned partnership would allow Thunderbird to host events at Laureate campuses worldwide and establish Thunderbird campuses abroad. The school announced Paris, Madrid, Brazil and Chile as potential sites. According to the school, Laureate would have no influence over academic decisions for the school. Thunderbird would also retain degree-awarding powers. However, Laureate would be given three seats on the school's board.
Under the agreement, Thunderbird would sell their campus to Laureate in a leaseback agreement. The school would continue to operate from their Glendale campus, but would use the money from the sale to pay off its debts. Thunderbird alumni would have the option to purchase the campus from Laureate within two years or the school may repurchase their campus at the end of the twenty-year lease agreement. As well, Laureate and Thunderbird had planned to invest $20 million and $10 million respectively to provide for campus improvements.
The proposed agreement was protested by some Thunderbird alumni and board members who have expressed concern about the impact that the partnership will have on the school's reputation. In response, alumni in opposition of the proposed agreement signed an online petition in protest. Additionally, some alumni formed the Thunderbird Independent Alumni Association, which expressed concerns over the agreement. Following the announcement of the planned agreement, five Thunderbird board members and seven members of the Thunderbird Alumni Network board resigned. The proposed agreement was also supported by alumni and faculty whose statements have been presented on the school's website.
The planned structure change was approved by the school's board in June 2013, although The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, the school's regional accreditor, did not approve the proposal. Thunderbird had stated that they anticipated that the agreement would be approved, as other Laureate schools are accredited through the Commission.
, the school's president is Larry Penley and the school employs 48 faculty members.
Programs.
Thunderbird's academic programs focus on global business and related subjects. Programs offered include full degree programs such as a Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Global Management and other Master's degree programs. Thunderbird requires all students enrolled in full-time programs to be proficient in two languages before graduation. The school is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
In 2013, Thunderbird introduced a twelve month MBA program. This program models the year-long MBA programs that are more common at European schools and was developed in response to prospective students' concerns about program length and cost. The school also offers their MBA as a 15-month program which includes an internship or as a 21-month program which includes both an internship and an additional term in a specific concentration.
In addition to their traditional MBA program, Thunderbird offers an executive MBA program, which is designed for experienced working professionals, and a distance MBA program called Global MBA Online. Thunderbird also offers a Master of Science in Global Management and a Master of Arts in Global Affairs and Management for recent undergraduates or early-career professionals wanting to enter global business. These degree programs do not require prior work experience that the traditional MBA program does. Thunderbird also offers a Master of Science in Global Marketing and a Master of Science in Global Finance.
The school also offers short courses and certificate programs. These courses are offered through the school's Thunderbird for Good and Executive Education programs. The school founded the Thunderbird for Good program in 2005 to offer business education to non-traditional students. Many Thunderbird for Good programs have focused on providing business training to women in developing countries. The program has operated in 26 countries since its foundation. Thunderbird's Executive Education programs focus on professional development courses for businesses and their employees. The programs were ranked as the ninth best executive education program overall by "The Financial Times" in 2013.
Throughout its history, the school has offered a number of dual-degree and partnership programs with other universities including Indiana University, Vermont Law School and Peking University in Beijing.
Additionally, Thunderbird operates the Najafi Global Mindset Institute, which developed the Global Mindset Inventory in 2008. The inventory assesses an individual's skills and ability to work with international businesses.
Rankings.
Forbes ranked Thunderbird as the 54th best business school in the U.S. in 2011, and a 2012 report released by "Bloomberg Businessweek" ranked Thunderbird as the top international business program. Thunderbird was also ranked as the 5th most diverse school out of 82 schools surveyed, based on student responses about students' country of origin, gender and ethnicity. In 2013, "The Financial Times" ranked Thunderbird's executive education program ninth overall based on corporate client feedback to "The Financial Times". Also in 2013, "The Economist" released ratings for online programs and gave Thunderbird a rating of "good", which was one step down from the publication's top rating of "excellent". In its 2014 rankings, published in 2013, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Thunderbird as the best international business school in their annual rankings, marking the eighteenth consecutive year the school was named top international business program. In "U.S. News & World Report's" 2015 rankings, published in 2014, Thunderbird was ranked 85th for best business school, and second in the overall rankings for international business school.
Campus.
The Thunderbird campus is located on the former World War II airfield Thunderbird Field No. 1. Located in Glendale, Arizona, a suburb of Phoenix, the airfield was built in 1941 and was used to train pilots. The school has utilized the existing buildings on the airfield and many of the school's classrooms are located in the airfield's former barracks.
The airfield's air traffic control tower is still present on campus. Beginning in 2007, the tower underwent a restoration project at the urging of three Thunderbird students who raised $2.5 million for the project. The school was awarded the Ruth Bryne Historic Preservation Award by the city of Glendale for the renovation. The tower is currently occupied by the campus store, student lounges and a pub.
In 2011, one of the then-70-year-old airplane hangars on campus was removed. The building, named the Thunderbird Activity Center by the school, had been used for special events and exams, but was determined to no longer meet safety standards following an inspection of the campus.
Other buildings on campus include the International Business Information Centre (IBIC), which is Thunderbird's library, and a dining hall for students. The school's campus also features a Welcome Wall, which was built in 1992, and displays greetings in different languages.
Students.
Students, alumni and faculty are often referred to as Thunderbirds or T-birds. As of Fall 2013, the school has 1,015 students enrolled, 530 of whom are enrolled in full-time programs. Of full-time students, 27 percent are women and 68.5 percent have come from locations outside the United States. Students run a school newspaper named Das Tor. Other student activities include Thunderbird's several sports clubs. One of the longest lasting is the Thunderbird Rugby Football Club, founded in 1976. The club regularly hosts a tournament, the Thunderbird Rugby Invitational, with other business schools from around the U.S.
Every year, one student of the graduating class is awarded the Barton Kyle Yount Award in honor of the school's founder and first president. The award is determined on the basis of scholarship, accomplishment and character.
Alumni.
Thunderbird has a number of notable graduates, including Walid Chammah, former chairman of Morgan Stanley; Bob Dudley, the current CEO of BP; and Luis Alberto Moreno, former Ambassador of Colombia to the United States and the current president of the Inter-American Development Bank.
Thunderbird has 40,000 alumni who work for more than 12,000 different organizations across 140 countries. The alumni association, the Thunderbird Global Network, was founded in 1984. The various chapters of the network hold monthly events for alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="9752831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752831" title="Kaniakapupu">
Kaniakapupu

Kaniakapupu ("the singing of the land shells") is the now dilapidated summer palace of King Kamehameha III and Queen Kalama on Oahu in Hawaii.
History.
The palace was completed in 1842 and was a place for entertaining foreign celebrities, chiefs, and commoners. 
On Hawaiian Restoration Day in 1847, a luau attended by an estimated ten thousand people gathered at the palace.

</doc>
<doc id="9752842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752842" title="Louisa Lumsden">
Louisa Lumsden

Dame Louisa Innes Lumsden (1840–1935) born into a wealthy family in Aberdeen, Scotland DBE, was a lecturer in classics at Girton College, Cambridge and the first Headmistress of St Leonards School, Fife. She is credited with introducing lacrosse to the school.
Lumsden, in a letter written home from the White Mountains in New Hampshire dated 6 September 1884, recounted her visit to watch the Canghuwaya Indians play lacrosse against the Montreal Club in Montreal. She wrote: "It is a wonderful game, beautiful and graceful. (I was so charmed with it that I introduced it at St Leonards.)""
Miss Lumsden resigned from St Leonards in 1882 but Rosabelle Sinclair, who established the first women's lacrosse team in the United States attended St Leonards between 1906 and 1910. Rosabelle Sinclair established lacrosse for girls at the Bryn Mawr School in Baltimore, Maryland.
Miss Lumsden's autobiography, "Yellow Leaves" (1933), was eventually presented to the US Lacrosse Museum in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="9752860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752860" title="Withlacoochee State Forest">
Withlacoochee State Forest

The Withlacoochee State Forest is in the western central part in the U.S. state of Florida, near Lecanto, Inverness, Floral City, Brooksville, Ridge Manor, and Dade City.
It includes several separate land tracts with many natural communities and habitats for wildlife. There are recreation activities for the use of visitors. The many tree species in dense forests include slash pine, longleaf pine, pond cypress, bald cypress, oak, maple, and others, providing dense canopy trails for visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="9752867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752867" title="The Adoration of the Sacrament">
The Adoration of the Sacrament

The Adoration of the Sacrament (1523) () is Martin Luther's treatise, written to Bohemian Brethren to defend the adoration of the body and blood of Christ in the Eucharist. 

</doc>
<doc id="9752871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752871" title="Hélène (given name)">
Hélène (given name)

Hélène is a feminine given name, and is the French version of Helen. It is also the title of Camille Saint-Saëns's 1904 opera.

</doc>
<doc id="9752878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752878" title="Interferon-alpha/beta receptor">
Interferon-alpha/beta receptor

The interferon-α/β receptor (IFNAR) is a receptor which binds type I interferons including interferon-α and -β. It is a heteromeric receptor composed of one chain with two subunits referred to as IFNAR1 and IFNAR2. It is a cell surface receptor. Binding of cytokine follows a JAK-STAT signaling pathway. Interferon stimulation results in an immunologic response that is especially associated with viruses.
Structure.
The structure was obtained using NMR. Originally 35 conformers were calculated. This was narrowed to 22 with low energy being the criteria. It was the first helical cytokine receptor's structure to be determined in solution. The molecule has one polymer The structure reveals the nature of binding. A model of the IFNAR2 reveals a predominantly hydrophobic patch on the receptor that interacts with a matching hydrophobic surface on IFN-alpha. An adjacent motif of charged side chains then guides the proteins into a tight complex. The binding interface may account for crossreactivity and ligand specificity of the receptor.
The source for experiments was human but was expressed in "Escherichia coli".
SCOP Classification.
IFNAR is clustered into the group beta proteins based on its secondary structural content. IFNAR's folds show a clear evolutionary relationship to the Immunoglobulin beta-sandwich. It is grouped into the superfamily and family Fibronectin type III based on structural and functional similarities that show probable common evolution. The domain, or evolutionary unit observed in nature, is the Interferon-alpha/beta receptor beta chain. Species was human.

</doc>
<doc id="9752899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752899" title="Rolonda Watts">
Rolonda Watts

Rolonda Watts (born July 12, 1959 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina) is an American actress, producer, voice over artist, novelist, motivational speaker, and television and radio talk show host. She was the host of eponymous "Rolonda", an internationally syndicated talk show which aired from 1994 to 1997. Watts was most recently the on-camera announcer for "Judge Joe Brown", which ended its run in 2013.
Early life and education.
Watts' mother, Dr. Velma Gibson Watts, was an associate dean at Wake Forest University and her father, Roland Watts, was chairman of Winston-Salem State University's Fine Arts Department.
Watts attended Salem Academy in Winston-Salem, North Carolina as a teenager. She is a graduate of Spelman College in Atlanta, where she was editor-in-chief of the school newspaper and graduated Magna Cum Laude. In 1981, she earned a master's degree from Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Career.
After graduating from Columbia, Watts returned to North Carolina and began her career as a general assignment reporter at WFMY-TV in Greensboro, North Carolina. She later worked at WNBC, where she was nominated for an Emmy, and WABC-TV in New York as an anchor of a weekly political forum and reporter. In 1987, she began working as a host of "Attitudes", a talk show on Lifetime Television. The next year, she took a job on the newsmagazine "Inside Edition" as a senior correspondent, weekend anchor and producer. King World Productions, the syndicator of Inside Edition and also "The Oprah Winfrey Show", then asked her to start her own talk show. "Rolonda" aired for nearly four seasons from January 17, 1994 to September 1997. Watts was also supervising producer and one of the owners of the show. In a 2003 interview with Soap Opera Digest, Watts said she folded the show rather than lose her integrity. "Audiences were saying, 'Well, that was really nice of you to be so respectful, but where's Jerry ?' We had to make a tough decision, either we go that route or we find something else to do." After leaving her talk show behind, Watts headed to Hollywood to pursue a career in acting. Her first break was in 1997 when she was cast as Vivica Shaw in "Sister, Sister", a role she played for six episodes. Since then Watts has had guest starring roles in dozens of television shows, including "The West Wing", "JAG", "The District" "Yes, Dear", and soap operas "Days of our Lives" and "The Bold and The Beautiful". In 2002, Soap Opera Digest named her "Scene Stealer of the Week" for her role as the cut-throat Attorney Cameron Reese on "Days of our Lives". Watts is also the CEO/president of her own production company, Watts Works Productions, which co-produced her talk show "Rolonda." In 2005, she hosted "Lie Detector", a reality series for PAX-TV. That same year, she took over as announcer on "Judge Joe Brown". She also appeared on "Live With Regis and Kelly" where she traveled cross-country as a judge for the show's "Great American Co-Host Search." In October 2006, Watts returned to her talk-show roots. She signed with GreenStone Media, a radio network launched by feminists Gloria Steinem and Jane Fonda, to host an afternoon radio show. She hosted the show until the network's closure in August 2007. Subsequently, Watts was the announcer for the game show Temptation from September 2007 to May 2008. As of 2011, Watts is the voice of Professor Wiseman in the PBS Kids animated program "Curious George". She voices "Gladys" in the Nickelodeon series, "The Penguins of Madagascar." Watts is currently shooting two films, with five others waiting for release, including her first starring role in "A Mother's Love" and leading roles in "Christmas Mail", "House Arrest", "Soul Ties", "Broken Roads" and "25 Hill", a film written and produced by Corbin Bernsen. In the short film "Return to Babylon", Watts portrays Josephine Baker; in "Defying the Stars". she plays Hollywood legend Dorothy Dandridge.

</doc>
<doc id="9752905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752905" title="Ishpeming Public School District No. 1">
Ishpeming Public School District No. 1

Ishpeming Public School District is a public school district located in Ishpeming, Michigan The district is composed of two elementary schools (Birchview Elementary and Central Elementary), one middle school (C.L. Phelps Middle School), and one high school (Ishpeming High School).
In 1868, before Ishpeming was incorporated as a village in 1869 and a city four years later, a charter to form a school district was granted. The meeting to organize the school district was called by Julius Ropes who started the Ropes Gold Mine north of town. The first school house in the district was built at the Cleveland Mine, Michigan. It was a single story frame building which was closed in 1870, with a new school being erected on Ready Street at a cost of $2,000.
In 1874 the Division Street School was built at a cost of 38,000 dollars. This is the site of the current high school. It was said that the building was poorly constructed and teachers would complain about hauling coal to their room's individual coal stove. In 1908 the school was demolished to make room for a better planned high school.
This new high school was built in 1908, but like the previous building, it had a relatively short life. In 1930, it was destroyed by fire and students attended classes in various community buildings. The following year the high school was rebuilt and it still is the functioning high school for the district. The high school, however, has seen several updates in recent years. These updates include a new gymnasium and a completely renovated Technology and Fine Arts wing.
In addition to the Division Street School, Ishpeming has had several other school buildings. One of them was the High Street School, which was built in 1896. This school was later demolished to make room for the C.L. Phelps Middle School which was built and dedicated in 1959. At the time the school was hailed for its possession of a large arts wing, industrial art facilities, in addition to a home economics space. C.L. Phelps still serves as the district's middle school today.
In 1957 the district completed the Birchview Elementary school located in the eighth addition. This school originally contained only eight classrooms, however it was expanded in 1971 to accommodate an influx in the student population. In addition to this elementary school, the district also has another elementary school. Central Elementary School is attached to Ishpeming High School and still serves students today.
Ishpeming High School.
Ishpeming High School offers its students several courses, extracurricular activities, and athletics to engage in. The school offers courses in Art and Design, Business, Foreign Languages (including Spanish, French, and German), Physical Education, Health, Industrial Technology, Mathematics, Language Arts, Science, and Social Studies. The high school also offers Advanced Placement English in addition to Advanced Chemistry and Biology. Outside of courses Ishpeming High School offers several extracurricular activities including Key Club, Drama, Yearbook, Great Books, Forensics, High School Bowl, National Honor Society, Student Council, Youth in Government, and S.A.D.D.
The Ishpeming Hematites (the athletic teams for the high school) also offer several programs to students. Students have the opportunity to join basketball, cheerleading, track, cross-country, football, dance, golf, gymnastics, hockey, swimming, and volleyball. Students can take advantage of the new gymnasium and the weight room while training for athletics.
Future Michigan State head coaching leged Tom Izzo was head basketball coach at Ishpeming High School from 1977-78.
C.L.Phelps Middle School.
C.L. Phelps Middle School offers students classes in Language Arts, Mathematics, Science, and Social Studies. In addition, students can experience classes in Home Economics, Health, Physical Education, Art, and Multimedia. Students also have the opportunity to join organizations such as Builder's Club, Yearbook, or Student Council. C.L. Phelps Middle School also offers Athletics for seventh and eighth grades. These sports consist of Basketball, Cheerleading, and Track. Student Athletes in C.L Phelps are known as the Panthers. Their school colors are blue and white. In addition to classes, athletics, and organizations several special events are held at C.L Phelps Middle School including Grandparent's Day, a Holocaust Remembrance Program, and D.A.R.E.
Central and Birchview Elementary Schools.
Central and Birchview offer their elementary students a comprehensive elementary curriculum. Students also have the opportunity to engage in special events like Young Authors, and the Liberty Children's Art Program. Some students also have access to Title 1 Programming.
When compared to the state as a whole, the district produces exceptionally above average Reading and Math Proficiency, with average core spending per student. The district's 2005 reading proficiency is 95.6%, which is exceptionally above the state average of 77.3%. The district'2005 math proficiency is 80.8%, which is exceptionally above the state average of 63.8%.
Additional information.
The W. C. Peterson Auditorium is located within the district's high school and Central Elementary School complex.

</doc>
<doc id="9752910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752910" title="Twin Rivers State Forest">
Twin Rivers State Forest

The Twin Rivers State Forest is in the US state of Florida. The forest is located in North Central Florida, near Live Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="9752916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752916" title="Golden dream (cocktail)">
Golden dream (cocktail)

The Golden Dream is an IBA official cocktail made with Galliano and Cointreau. It is classed as an "after dinner" drink.
For a delicious desert option, try skipping the cream and blending the other ingredients with an equal amount of vanilla ice cream.

</doc>
<doc id="9752934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752934" title="Port Huron Fire of 1871">
Port Huron Fire of 1871

The Port Huron Fire of Sunday October 8, 1871 (one of a series of fires known collectively as the Great Fire of 1871 or the Great Michigan Fire) burned a number of cities including White Rock and Port Huron, and much of the countryside in the "Thumb" region of the U.S. state of Michigan (1.2 million acres, or 4,850 km²). On the same day, other fires burned the cities of Holland and Manistee, Michigan, as well as broad swaths of forest in various areas of the state. At least 50 people died as a result of the Port Huron Fire, and at least 200 from all the fires in the state. 
The origins of the fires are unknown, but the damage was worsened by a number of factors. Uninterrupted drought plagued the Midwest into early October and winds were strong. When the wind increased and shifted direction, fire fighters were unable to control the flames any longer. Vast tracts of forest burned for a week in parts of Michigan and Wisconsin. Within hours, several Midwestern cities and towns were reduced to charcoal and ash. 
That same night, the Great Chicago Fire erupted in Illinois and the Peshtigo Fire burned a large tract in Wisconsin, including the city of Peshtigo.
Windsor, Ontario met a similar fate four days later. 
Much of the area burned by the Port Huron Fire was to be swept by another deadly conflagration 10 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="9752990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752990" title="Executive Residence">
Executive Residence

The Executive Residence is the central building of the White House Complex located between the East Wing and West Wing. This central building, first constructed 1792–1800, is home to the President of the United States and the First Family. The Executive Residence primarily occupies three floors: the Ground Floor, State Floor, and Second Floor. A third floor contains a solarium, guest rooms, and some recreation rooms for the first family. Two sub-basements, created during the 1948–1952 Truman reconstruction, contain storage and service areas and a wartime shelter for the president and first family.
Floors.
Sub Basement Lower Level.
This level was added during the 1948 Truman Renovation and contains the two-story air conditioning and water softening equipment. Additionally, the program control and electrical switching areas extend upwards into the Mezzanine.
The lower level also contains large storage areas, a heating and air control room adjacent to the air conditioning room, and rest rooms in the southwest corner. There are three elevator machinery rooms, an ushers' room, incinerator, laundry room, and dentist.
Sub Basement Mezzanine.
This level was added during the 1948 Truman Renovation and has several openings in the floor for large machinery, ductwork and pipes that extend up from the Sub Basement Lower Level. These openings are for Air Conditioning, Program Control, and Electrical Switching, as well as the Water Softener, which is immediately south of the Air Conditioner Room and is under the South Portico.
Besides these areas, the Mezzanine contains Storage areas, Dishwasher (and associated Dishware and Flatware rooms), and a Fan room in the North-West corner, and Men's and Women's rooms (South East and North East corners respectively) with stairs from each leading up to the Ground Floor.
Ground Floor.
Originally intended as a service area for cooking, laundering, and heating, the Ground Floor was rebuilt during the administration of Theodore Roosevelt in 1902, and again between 1948–1952 during the Truman reconstruction. Today this floor houses several official rooms, including the Diplomatic Reception Room, Library, China Room, Map Room, and Vermeil Room. This floor also continues to house some White House domestic operations: the kitchen and pantry are located on this floor, along with the office of the White House Curator, and the office of the White House physician.
This floor is at the same level as, and connects directly to, the basement level which extends under the North Portico and even further. The westernmost portion is in line with the wall of the Palm Room, and the easternmost portion is in line with the wall of the Visitor's Foyer. It contains the flower shop, the carpenters shop, and the bowling alley, among other rooms. The bowling alley is in the very center of the basement, going north-south. In 1948-1952, as part of the Truman reconstruction, the northeast corner of the basement was extended further north so it could contain transformers and air blowers.
State Floor.
The State Floor is used for official entertaining and ceremonial functions. The following rooms are found on the State Floor: Entrance Hall, Cross Hall, East Room, Green Room, Blue Room, Red Room, State Dining Room, Family Dining Room, and the Chief Usher's office.
Second Floor.
The Second Floor contains the private living apartments and kitchen of the president and his family. Some of these rooms are used for official entertaining, but most are reserved for private use. Residents choose from a weekly menu offered by the White House chef. The government pays for state dinners and other official functions, but the president pays for food that he, his family, and personal guests consume; the high food bill often amazes new residents. The following rooms are found on the Second Floor: Yellow Oval Room, Treaty Room, President's Dining Room, Lincoln Bedroom, Lincoln Sitting Room, Queens' Bedroom, Queens' Sitting Room, Central Hall, East Sitting Hall, and West Sitting Hall. The Truman Balcony is also located on this floor. Four private bedrooms and a dressing room are reserved for the president. Different presidents have used various rooms as their bedroom. What is now known as the President's Bedroom has traditionally been used as the First Lady's bedroom, although this was Abraham Lincoln's bedroom; historically many presidents used what is now called the Private Sitting Room as their bedroom.
Third floor.
During a 1927 renovation the White House attic was rebuilt into a third floor. It was further expanded with the Truman Reconstruction and currently contains 20 rooms, 9 bathrooms, and a main hall and is ringed by an outdoor rooftop promenade. This floor was once used for staff bedrooms, but no staff currently live in the White House. The third floor contains a sunroom atop the south portico with views of the south lawn, music room, work-out room, game room, as well as guest rooms for the first family. Visiting dignitaries are normally housed in the 2nd floor state bedrooms and foreign heads of state customarily stay at Blair House.

</doc>
<doc id="9753003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753003" title="Hokuetsu Seppu">
Hokuetsu Seppu

Hokuetsu Seppu (北越雪譜 "Snow stories of North Etsu Province"; translation: "Snow Country Tales: Life in the other Japan" by Jeffrey Hunter with Rose Lesser, Weatherhill, 1986) is a late Edo-period encyclopedic work of human geography describing life in the Uonuma area of Japan's old Echigo Province, a place known for its long winters and deep snow.
First published in Edo in 1837, "Hokuetsu Seppu" was written by (1770–1842), a textile merchant and leading townsman of Shiozawa, a settlement on the old Mikuni Highway. The work, an immediate best seller that eventually encompassed seven chapters when a second volume was published in 1842, covers a wide range of local topics from the varieties of snow to the customs, lifestyles, local dialects, industries, and folk tales of Japan's snow country. The text covers 123 themes from multiple angles and is also richly illustrated with detailed sketches.
—a gesaku writer and brother of Santō Kyōden—assisted with publication of the text. He wrote the preface and drew the illustrations, which were based on Bokushi's originals.
Some of the material in the book is of scientific interest. For example, it contains 
the first Japanese sketches of 86 types of natural snowflake crystals. An 1840 edition included an additional 97 sketches that Doi Toshitsura made with the aid of a microscope during his 20 years as daimyō of the Koga Domain. Thereafter, the snow crystal became a popular design motif on kimonos and on chawan, Japanese tea bowls.

</doc>
<doc id="9753004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753004" title="Interferon-gamma receptor">
Interferon-gamma receptor

The interferon-gamma receptor (IFNGR) is a receptor that binds interferon-γ, the sole member of interferon type II.
Structure and function.
The human interferon-gamma receptor complex consists the heterodimer of two chains: IFNGR1 and IFNGR2. In unstimulated cells, these subunits are not preassociated with each other but rather associate through their intracellular domains with inactive forms of specific Janus family kinases ( Jak1 and Jak2). Jak1 and Jak2 constitutively associate with IFNGR1 and IFNGR2, respectively. Binding of IFN-γ to IFNGR1 induces the rapid dimerization of IFNGR1 chains, thereby forming a site that is recognized by the extracellular domain of IFNGR2. The ligand-induced assembly of the complete receptor complex contains two IFNGR1 and two IFNGR2 subunits, which bring into close juxtaposition the intracellular domains of these proteins together with the inactive Jak1 and Jak2 kinases that they associate with. In this complex, Jak1 and Jak2 transactivate one another and then phosphorylate IFNGR1, thereby forming a paired set of Stat1 docking sites on the ligated receptor. Two Stat1 molecules then associate with the paired docking sites, are brought into close proximity with receptor-associated-activated JAK kinases, and are activated by phosphorylation of the Stat1. Tyrosine-phosphorylated Stat1 molecules dissociate from their receptor tether and form homodimeric complexes. Activated Stat1 translocates to the nucleus and, after binding to a specific sequence in the promoter region of immediate-early IFN-γ-inducible genes, effects gene transcription.
Disease linkage.
IFNGR1 deficiency is associated with the increased susceptibility to certain infectious diseases in patients, especially mycobacterial infections.

</doc>
<doc id="9753019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753019" title="The Story of God">
The Story of God

The Story of God is a three-part video series produced by Dangerous Films featuring the physician Professor Lord Winston. It first aired on 4, 11 and 18 December 2005 on BBC One. It was rebroadcast by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in May and June 2006 and by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation in April 2007. 
"The Story of God" series explores the origins of religion. The documentary focuses on the three Abrahamic faiths, and discusses belief in God in a scientific age. The series included a number of interviews with scientists including Dean Hamer, Richard Dawkins, and members of the CERN programme. 
During the documentary Winston debates notable creationist Ken Ham, visiting the creation museum where, he claims, "scientific facts are ignored in favour of religious certainty." He presents his view that science and religion have an important role in human development, but absolute certainty in either, 'can lead to serious problems'.
Winston also wrote a book titled "The Story of God" which was published in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9753020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753020" title="Lady Maud Hoare">
Lady Maud Hoare

Lady Maud Hoare, DBE, (5 July 1882–27 December 1962), née Lady Maud Lygon, later Viscountess Templewood, daughter of Frederick Lygon, 6th Earl Beauchamp, was the wife of Sir Samuel Hoare, and a DBE in her own right.
She married then Samuel Hoare on 17 October 1909, four years before he succeeded to his father's baronetcy. Their marriage was childless.
The following is from "Time" dated 28 February 1927:
"Sir Samuel Hoare, British Air Minister, and Lady Maud returned to London, last week, from a 12,000-mile round trip flight inaugurating the London-Cairo-Delhi air service (TIME, Jan. 10). For this feat she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE). She is the first woman ever to fly so many miles. There had been snow, rain, fog, sandstorms, but not a spare part was needed for the ship."
Viscountess Templewood, as she became known after the creation of her husband's peerage in 1944, was widowed in 1959 and died in 1962 aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="9753058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753058" title="A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (musical)">
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (musical)

A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a musical with a book by George Abbott and Betty Smith, lyrics by Dorothy Fields, and music by Arthur Schwartz.
The musical is based on Smith's autobiographical novel "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn", but when Shirley Booth was cast as Aunt Sissy, a secondary character in the novel, the prominence of this role was expanded and tailored to Booth's comedic talents, diminishing the relative importance of other characters, in particular young Francie, through whose eyes the plot of the novel unfolds. 
Productions.
After two previews, the Broadway production, directed by Abbott and choreographed by Herbert Ross, opened on April 19, 1951 at the Alvin Theatre, where it ran for 267 performances. In addition to Booth, the cast included Johnny Johnston as Johnny, Marcia Van Dyke as Katie, and Nomi Mitty as Francie. Van Dyke was honored with a Theatre World Award. The musical director was Max Goberman.
Booth's performance proved to be both an asset and detriment to the production, since it was an audience pleaser but detracted from what should have been the story's primary focus, the struggles faced by Johnny and Katie as their marriage slowly crumbles. 
Goodspeed Opera House mounted a revised production relegating Aunt Sissy to a supporting role in 2003. An "Encores!" staging at New York City Center two years later starred Emily Skinner.
A cast recording of the original production is available on a compact disc released by Sony.
Synopsis.
The musical tells the tale of the working class Nolan clan at the turn of the 20th century. The father, Johnny, is an optimistic but undependable singing waiter who spends his paycheck in the neighborhood saloon. His hard-working wife Katie is a disappointed realist weary from years of broken promises, daughter Francie idolizes her father, and Aunt Sissy is the victim of a string of romantic misadventures with common-law husbands, each of which she insists on calling 'John' after her first lover.

</doc>
<doc id="9753068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753068" title="Fiji disease virus">
Fiji disease virus

Fiji disease virus (FDV) belongs to the reoviridae family and infects plants. It is one of the few plant viruses in the Reoviridae family. The type species of the genus "Fijivirus", it is the only known member of Fijivirus group 1.
Structure.
The virus is between 65-70 nm in diameter. FDV is not enveloped but has a nucleocapsid. The capsid has two layers and is icosohedral. The two known cell surface proteins are A type and B type spikes. The capsid appears round.
Genome.
As FDV is a reovirus its genome is also made of dsRNA. The genome is linear and made up of ten segments, consisting of 27000-30500 base pairs. There are at least six structural proteins coded for in the genome. Replication occurs in the host cell cytoplasm or cytoplasmic viroplasma.
Transmission.
The virus is transmitted by Delphacidae plant hoppers. The disease is mostly found in Australia because this is the natural habitat of the plant hoppers. It has also been detected in the Philippines. The virus infects the phloem tissues of their Gramineae hosts. Replication can occur in both the host and vector. The result of infection in plants is the development of tumours.

</doc>
<doc id="9753078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753078" title="Patrick Cassidy (actor)">
Patrick Cassidy (actor)

Patrick Cassidy (born January 4, 1962 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor best known for his roles in musical theatre and television.
Personal life.
He is the son of Shirley Jones and Jack Cassidy. His brothers are Ryan and Shaun Cassidy, and his half-brother is David Cassidy. He is also the uncle of "Melrose Place" star Katie Cassidy.
He is married to actress Melissa Hurley and is the father of two sons, Cole Patrick and Jack Gordon.
Career.
He decided to enter his high school's drama program after breaking his collarbone while playing as the quarterback for his high school football team.
Screen.
His first starring television role was in 1981 in the cautionary NBC movie "Angel Dusted". In 1983, he starred in "Bay City Blues" as a baseball player in the minor leagues. The show was canceled after just four episodes. In 1986, he played a cadet at a military academy in "Dress Gray" and appeared in the holiday TV movie "Christmas Eve" with Loretta Young. He had a small but pivotal role in the Ryan O'Neal gambling opus, Fever Pitch.
In 1988, he starred in the television series "Dirty Dancing", based on the film. Two years later, he starred in "Longtime Companion" about an actor battling AIDS. In 1994, he appeared in the films "I'll Do Anything" and "How the West Was Fun" with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.
In 1997, he had a recurring role on TV's "",and had another Superman-related recurring role a few years later as the biological father of Lana Lang in "Smallville".
He co-starred alongside his half-brother David in a 2009 ABC Family comedy series entitled "Ruby & The Rockits" created by his brother Shaun. ABC Family announced on September 12, 2009 that the show had been canceled.
Stage.
Cassidy played Frederic in the 1981 national tour of Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Pirates of Penzance" before taking over the role on Broadway in 1982.
Cassidy's next Broadway role was Jeff Barry in the Ellie Greenwich jukebox musical "Leader of the Pack". In 1990, he originated the role of The Balladeer in the original off-Broadway production of Stephen Sondheim's "Assassins" at Playwrights Horizons.
In 1993, Cassidy starred as Bobby opposite Carol Burnett in a Los Angeles production of Sondheim's musical "Company". In 1995, he portrayed John Wilkes Booth in the Los Angeles Repertory staging of "Assassins". In 1998, he was Macheath in an L.A. production of "The Threepenny Opera"; he was nominated for the Garland Award for Best Actor for his work in the role. In 1999, he played the title character in a national tour of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat". In 2000, Cassidy co-starred with Cheryl Ladd in "Annie Get Your Gun" on Broadway as Frank Butler. He later reprised his role of Frank Butler alongside Patti LuPone and George Hearn in a 2010 concert presentation at the Ravinia Festival in Illinois, directed by Lonny Price. In 2001 he played Radames in the national tour of the musical "Aida"; he won the 2002 National Broadway Theatre Award for Best Actor in a Touring Musical before bringing the role to Broadway in 2002. In 2004-05 he was back on Broadway in "42nd Street" as Julian Marsh playing opposite his mother as Dorothy Brock.

</doc>
<doc id="9753129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753129" title="Mountain Brook lamprey">
Mountain Brook lamprey

The mountain brook lamprey ("Ichthyomyzon greeleyi") is a lamprey found in parts of the Mississippi river basin, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and in the Cumberland River and Tennessee River. This fish is jawless with a small sucker mouth and a long, eel-like body. It is fairly small, only growing to about in length.
The mountain brook lamprey is a non-parasitic lamprey, meaning that they do not attach themselves to larger species of fish. The mountain brook lamprey is believed to have derived from the parasitic Ohio lamprey ("I. bdellium") and occurs, often in abundance, within many of the tributaries of the Ohio and Tennessee River systems. All non-parasitic lampreys require two distinctly different habitats that are connected by free flowing (free of dams) stretches of streams. Adults are found in clear brooks with fast flowing water and either sand or gravel bottoms. Juveniles or ammocoetes are found in slow moving water buried in soft substrate of medium to large streams. As previously stated, the Mountain Brook lamprey is non parasitic and does not attach itself to other fish. In the larval stage before metamorphosis, the lampreys feed on detritus and algae, and after they complete metamorphosis, they obtain energy from stored fat reserves. The spawning season for lampreys is from late April to early May.
Geographic distribution.
The mountain brook lamprey has a fragmented range in the Mississippi basin with populations being found in New York, Pennsylvania and adjacent areas of Ohio. Mountain brook lamprey are also found in the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers in Tennessee, northern Alabama, Kentucky, and Virginia. In New York State, this lives in French Creek, and other northern and central parts of the Allegheny basin. The mountain brook lamprey is found in gravel riffles and sandy runs of clean, clear streams and in the sand, mud and debris in pools and backwaters. It spends its life in creeks without moving to larger rivers.
Ecology.
The general view is that lampreys do not feed during metamorphosis with the loss of body energy reserves being countered by water uptake. However, in the case of I. greeleyi, it is reasonable to assume metamorphosing animals do not feed but maintain body size by water uptake. This derives from measurements of oxygen consumption for ammocoetes of I. greeleyi (= I. hubbsi) by Hill and Potter (1970). Based on their measurements (9.5”C) and on energy concentration determined for 1. Gagei, the energy requirements for metamorphosis might be achieved without loss of body weight by increasing relative water content from 75 to 79-81%. Preliminary data indicate body water contents of 75.6 + 0.5 (n = 9), 76.22 0.7 (n = 14) and 76.8 + 0.9 (n = 13) for I. greeleyi in phases 1,3 and 4, respectively. By the completion of metamorphosis body water content increased to 79.4 rt 3.7% (n = 6), a value almost identical to that predicted from the earlier metabolic studies.
Life history.
Spawning occurs in late May when the water temperature reaches . The males build nests just above riffles in about 1 foot of water, and just downstream from a flat stone in diameter. The male excavates the nest by removing small stones and pebbles, forming a depression about deep and in diameter with a fine gravel and sand bottom. Spawning occurs when a female moves over a nest and attaches to a rock. Spawning pairs stimulate other pairs to begin spawning. The mountain brook lamprey lives up to five or six years, and usually dies after spawning.
The post-embryonic life cycle of all lampreys includes a distinct larval or ammocoete and adult period. A juvenile period prior to the adult period is present in parasitic lampreys, but is absent in the nonparasitic or brook lampreys. The sedentary and phytophagous larval period of all lampreys is spent in the sandy silt substratum of cool streams. Coloration of live mountain brook lamprey did not change between the ammocoete and senescent periods and ranged from butterscotch to olive brown. The dorsal surface was generally darker than the lateral and ventral surfaces. Scattered dark pigment spots are present along the length of the dorsal-lateral surface. Metamorphosis commenced between early and mid-August. Time required for metamorphosis of the populations of mountain brook lamprey in Bent Creek, Cane Creek and Davidson River is estimated at 100–140 days.
Management.
Globally the status of the I. greeleyi is "Apparently secure". Further, the short-term trend for the species complies with the stability of the species. However, in the long-term, there has been a 30-70% decline and some extirpation. In 10 states I. greeleyi is considered vulnerable, imperiled, or critically imperiled. The major cause of this decline is habitat destruction due to dams, pollution, and siltation.

</doc>
<doc id="9753135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753135" title="Saudi Arabia–United States relations">
Saudi Arabia–United States relations

Bilateral relations between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United States of America began in 1933 when full diplomatic relations were established. Despite the differences between the two countries—a conservative Islamic absolute monarchy, and a secular democracy—the two countries have been allies. Saudi Arabia considers the United States to be one of it's closest allies and diplomatic partners. 
Since World War II, the two countries have been allied in opposition to Communism, in support of stable oil prices, stability in the oil fields and oil shipping of the Persian Gulf, and stability in the economies of Western countries where Saudi's have invested. In particular the two countries were allies against the Soviets in the Afghanistan and in the expulsion of Iraq from Kuwait in 1991. The two countries have been in opposition over the state of Israel, the embargo of US and its allies by Saudi Arabia and other Middle East oil exporters during the 1973 oil crisis which raised oil prices considerably, the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the US which Saudi Arabia opposed, aspects of the "War on Terror", and what many in the US see as pernicious influence of Saudi Arabia after the September 11 attacks.
In a BBC World Service Poll conducted between October 2005 and January 2006, Saudi Arabian public opinion is sharply divided on the United States, with 38% viewing U.S. influence positively and 38% viewing U.S. influence negatively. As of 2012, Saudi Arabian students form the 4th largest group of international students studying in the United States, representing 3.5% of all foreigners pursuing higher education in America.
History.
The first U.S. citizens to travel to Saudi Arabia were Christian missionary doctors. Though they failed to win any converts to Christianity among the Bedouins, they did win the good will of Ibn Saud, saving his life from a mysterious illness which greatly swelled his right eye and face. Following that life saving treatment, the House of Saud gave preference to American delegations over others. Another early American in Saudi Arabi was Charles Richard Crane, heir to a large Chicago plumbing fortune. Mr. Crane expended a large portion of his estate building waterworks in the Arabian desert, which activity first alerted Westerners, and the Bedouins, to the possibility of large oil reserves being present in the region, which was confirmed by early oil exploration projects financed in part by Mr. Crane. Before the discovery of oil, the official American policy toward Saudi Arabia was handled by few U.S. individuals due to the Saudis' small interest toward the U.S. (Grayson, 1982). During the discovery of large capacities of oil in Saudi Arabia, America's foreign interest was simultaneously drifting toward Saudi Arabia. America's continuous demand on oil and the Saudis need of a balanced economy had greatly resulted in a strong relationship with Saudi Arabia, which could be the strongest they both encountered (Wafa, 2005). A major obstacle between the two ties was World War II with the US's large involvement in the war, which resulted in great negative impact toward the establishment of a strong complete relationship with Saudi Arabia. Also, the US support to the establishment of an Israeli state in the Middle East resulted in an arguing conflict between the ties and it was the relations first conflict but it was later resolved.
Early history (recognition).
Although King Abdulaziz Al Saud, Bin Saud as an appellation, the founder of Saudi Arabia in 1901, had an excellent relationship with the British who defended Saudi Arabia from the Turks, he eventually developed even closer ties with the U.S. After unifying his country, on September 28, 1928, Bin Saud set about gaining international recognition for Saudi Arabia. Britain was the first country to recognize Saudi Arabia as independent state, as the British had provided protection of Saudi territories from the Turks for many years (Wafa, 2005). Saud also hoped to be recognized by the US, which at that time had no interest in Saudi Arabia. Initially, his efforts were rebuffed, but Washington eventually came around, promoted by the fact that Al Saud had obtained recognition from many nations. In May 1931 the U.S. officially recognized Saudi Arabia by extending full diplomatic recognition (Grayson, 1982). In November 1931, a treaty was signed by both nations which included favored nation status. The relationship was still weak, however, as America did not have an interest in establishing missions in Saudi Arabia: at the time, Saudi affairs were handled by the U.S. delegation in Egypt, Cairo (Grayson, 1982).
Foundation of ARAMCO.
After the promises that had been made by American oil explorers that Saudi Arabia could have a very good chance of finding oil, Al Saud accepted the American offer of exploration, because he was hoping that his land could have valuable materials that would support the country's economy. In May 1933 the California Arabian Standard Oil Company, later called the Arab American Company (ARAMCO), had started the exploration in the country with large area to explore (Alnabrab, 2008). Although the imported oil was not very important for the U.S. at the time, Washington seemed hungry for the Saudi oil since their confidence in finding oil in Saudi Arabia had greatly grown, which resulted in stronger relations with Saudi Arabia. (Irvine, 1981)
First conflict.
While the U.S.–Saudi relationship was growing, their first conflict began when the disorder broke between the Jews and Arabs in April 1936 in the British-administrated Palestine mandate. The U.S. favored the establishment of an independent Israeli state, but Saudi Arabia on the other hand, the leading nation in the Islamic and Arab world were supporting the Arab position which sparked up their first conflict. In other words the U.S. oil interest in Saudi Arabia could be held hostage depending on the circumstances of the conflict (Grayson, 1982). U.S. president Franklin D. Roosevelt sent the king a letter indicating that it is true that the U.S. supports the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine, but it is not in any way responsible for the establishment (Alnabrab, 2008). Bin Saud was convinced by the message that the U.S.–Saudi relations had begun to run smooth again. Moreover, in March 1938, CASCO made a big oil discovery in Saudi Arabia booming the oil industry in the country and coincidentally the U.S. became more interested in Saudi oil. As a result, on February 4, 1940, as the World War II was approaching, the U.S. had established a diplomatic presence in Saudi Arabia to have closer relations with the Saudis and to protect it from enemy hand; Bert Fish, former ambassador in Egypt was elected as the U.S. ambassador in Jeddah. (Metz 1993)
World War II.
As the U.S.–Saudi relationship was growing slowly, World War II was beginning its first phase. The U.S. was deeply involved in World War II, and as a result US-Saudi relations were put on the 'back burner'. This negligence left Saudi Arabia vulnerable to attack. Italy, an Axis power, bombed a CASCO oil installation in Dhahran crippling Saudi Arabia's oil production (Grayson, 1982). This attack left Bin Saud scrambling for to find an external power that would protect the country, fearing further attacks that would most likely cease the country's oil production and the flow of pilgrims coming into Mecca to perform Hajj, the base of the Saudi power and economy at that time (Wafa, 2005).
Bin Saud therefore approved the US's request to allow the U.S. air force to fly over and construct airfields in Saudi Arabia. The oil installations were rebuilt and protected by the U.S. (Grayson, 1982), the pilgrims' routes were protected (Wafa, 2005), and the U.S. gained a much needed direct route for military aircraft heading to Iran and the Soviet Union (Grayson, 1982). The first American consulate was opened in Dhahran in 1944.
After World War II.
In 1945, after World War II, Saudi citizens began to feel uncomfortable with U.S. forces still operating in Dhahran. In contrast, Saudi government and officials saw the U.S. forces as a major component of the Saudi military defense strategy (Pollack, 2002). As a result Bin Saud balanced the two conflicts by increasing the demands on U.S. forces in Dhahran when the region was highly threatened and lowering it when the danger declined (Alnabrab, 1994). At this time, due to the start of the Cold War, the U.S. was greatly concerned about Soviet communism and devised a strategy of 'containing' the spread of communism within Arabian Peninsula, putting Saudi security at the top of Washington's list of priorities. (Metz, 1992) Harry S. Truman's administration also promised Bin Saud that he would protect Saudi Arabia from Soviet influence. Therefore, the U.S. increased its presence in the region to protect its interest and its allies (Pollack, 2002). The security relationship between Saudi Arabia and the U.S. was therefore greatly strengthened at the start of the 'cold war' (Metz, 1993).
King Saud comes to power (1953).
In the late 1950s, King Saud, the eldest son of King Abdulaziz, came to power after his father's death. During Saud's time the U.S.–Saudi relations had faced many obstacles concerning the anti-communism strategy. President Dwight D. Eisenhower's new anti-Soviet alliance combined most of "the kingdom's regional rivals and foes", which rose the Saudi suspicions. (Grayson, 1982). For this reason, in October 1955, Saud had joined the pro-Soviet strategy with Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser (Pollack, 2002). Furthermore, Saud dismissed the U.S. forces and replaced them by Egyptian forces. Thus, this act had sparked and innovated a new and a large conflict in the relationship. But in 1956, during the Suez crisis, Saud began to cooperate with the U.S. again after Eisenhower's opposition of the Israeli, British, and French plan to seize the canal. Eisenhower opposed the plan because of anti-Soviet purposes, but King Saud had admired the act and decided to start cooperating with the U.S. (Pollack, 2002). As a result Egyptian power greatly declined while US-Saudi relations were simultaneously improving.
Cold War and Soviet containment.
In 1957, Saud decided to renew the U.S. base in Dhahran. In less than a year, after the Egyptian–Syrian unification in 1958, Egypt's pro-Soviet strategy had returned to power. Saud had once again joined their alliance, which declined the US-Saudi relationship to a fairly low point especially after he announced in 1961 that he changed his mind on renewing the U.S. base (Hart 1998). In 1962, however, Egypt attacked Saudi Arabia from bases in Yemen during the 1962 Yemeni revolution because of Saudi Arabia's Anti-revolution propaganda, which made Saud seek the U.S. support. President John F. Kennedy immediately responded to Saud's request by sending U.S. war planes in July 1963 to the war zone to stop the attack which was putting U.S. interests in risk. (Pollack, 2002). At the end of the war, shortly before Prince Faisal became king, the relationship rebuilt itself to become healthy again. (Hart 1998)
As the United Kingdom withdrew from the Gulf region in the late 1960s and early 1970s, the U.S. was reluctant to take on new security commitments. Instead, the Nixon administration sought to rely on local allies to "police" American interests (see Nixon Doctrine). In the Gulf region, this meant relying on Saudi Arabia and Iran as "twin pillars" of regional security. Whereas in 1970 the U.S. provided less than $16 million to Saudi Arabia in military aid, that number increased to $312 million by 1972. As part of the "twin pillars" strategy, the U.S. also attempted to improve relations between the Saudis and the Iranians, such as by persuading Iran to remove its territorial claim to Bahrain.
Oil embargo and the energy crises.
In November 1964, Faisal became the new king after the conflicts he had with his brother Saud, the erstwhile king. The U.S, on the other hand was not sure about the outcome of such unplanned change in the Saudi monarchy. King Faisal was cooperating neatly with the U.S. until October 20, 1973; it was the relationship's largest obstacle before 9/11. King Faisal had decided to contribute in an oil embargo against the United States and Europe in favor of the Arab position in the Yom Kippur War causing an energy crisis in the U.S. "America's complete Israel support against the Arabs makes it extremely difficult for us to continue to supply the United States with oil, or even remain friends with the United States" King Faisal in an interview with international media. 
Despite the tensions caused by the oil embargo, the U.S. wished to resume relations with the Saudis. Indeed, the great oil wealth accumulated as a result of price increases allowed the Saudis to purchase large sums of American military technology. The embargo was lifted in March 1974 after the U.S. pressured Israel into negotiating with Syria over the Golan Heights. Three months later, "Washington and Riyadh signed a wide-ranging agreement on expanded economic and military cooperation." In the 1975 fiscal year, the two countries signed $2 billion worth of military contracts, including an agreement to send Saudi Arabia 60 fighter jets. The Saudis also argued (partially on behalf of American desires) to keep OPEC price increases in the mid-1970s lower than Iraq and Iran initially wanted.
The Saudis' increase of oil production to stabilize the oil price and the support of anti-communism have all contributed to closer relations with the U.S. (Hart, 1998). In January 1979, the U.S. sent F-15 fighters to Saudi Arabia for further protection from communism (Hart, 1998). Furthermore, the U.S. and Saudi Arabia were both supporting anti-communist groups in Afghanistan and struggling countries, the groups later became known as Al-Qaida terrorist organization (Steven Coll, 2004).
Government Purchases.
After the Cold War the U.S.–Saudi relations were improving. The U.S. and U.S. companies were actively engaged and paid handsomely for preparing and administrating the rebuilding of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia transferred $100 billion to the United States for administration, construction, weapons, and in the 1970s and 1980s higher education scholarships to the U.S. (Kaiser & Ottaway 2002). During that era the U.S. built and administrated numerous military academies, navy ports, and Air Force airfields. Many of these military facilities were influenced by the U.S., with the needs of cold war aircraft and deployment strategies in mind. Also the Saudis purchased a great deal of weapons that varied from F-16 war planes to main battle tanks that later proved useful during the Gulf War (Kaiser & Ottaway 2002). The U.S. pursued a policy of building up and training the Saudi military as a counterweight to Shiite extremism and revolution following the revolution in Iran. The U.S. provided top of the line equipment and training, and consulted the Saudi government frequently, acknowledging them as the most important Islamic leader in that part of the world, and key player in the U.S. security strategy.
The Gulf War.
Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 had sparked the beginning of another bloody war, the Gulf War. During the Gulf War, the security relationship had greatly increased and strengthened. After the invasion, Fahad, the king of Saudi Arabia at that time, had officially declared war against Iraq. Also, President George H. W. Bush had declared war against Saddam Hussein who invaded an ally nation and risked the oil interests in the nation. Also the U.S. was concerned about the safety of Saudi Arabia against Saddam's intention to invade and control the oil reserves in the region. As a result, President Bush sent a great number of troops to protect Saudi Arabia from Iraqi invasion after Fahad's approval; this operation was called Desert Shield. Furthermore, the U.S. had sent additional troops in operation Desert Storm with nearly 100,000 Saudi troops sent by Fahad to form a US-Saudi army alliance and including other troops from allies' countries to attack Iraqi troops in Kuwait to stop further invasion (Rashid, 1992). During the Operation Desert Storm, Iraqi troops were defeated easily within four days of the operation causing the Iraqis to flee back to Iraq.
9/11.
On September 11 2001, a terrorist attack on New York City and Washington DC by four hijacked airplanes killed nearly 3000 and did at least $10 billion in property and infrastructure damage. 15 of the 19 hijackers in the attacks came from Saudi Arabia, as did the leader of the hijackers' organization, (Osama bin Laden). In the US, there followed considerable negative publicity for, and scrutiny of, Saudi Arabia and its teaching of version of Islam, and a reassessing of the "oil-for-security" alliance with the Al Saud.
Child abduction.
The international abduction of American children to Saudi Arabia provoked sustained criticism and resulted in a Congressional hearing in 2002 where parents of children held in Saudi Arabia gave impassioned testimony related to the abduction of their children. Washington-based "Insight" ran a series of articles on international abduction during the same period highlighting Saudi Arabia a number of times.
Operation Southern Watch.
Since the Gulf war, the U.S. had a continued presence of 5,000 troops stationed in Saudi Arabia – a figure that rose to 10,000 during the 2003 conflict in Iraq.
Operation Southern Watch enforced the no-fly zones over southern Iraq set up after 1991, and the country's oil exports through the shipping lanes of the Persian Gulf are protected by the US Fifth Fleet, based in Bahrain.
The continued presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia was one of the stated motivations behind the September 11th terrorist attacks, as well as the Khobar Towers bombing. In 2003, the U.S. withdrew most of its troops from Saudi Arabia, though one unit still remains.
2010 U.S. Arms Sale to Saudi Arabia.
On October 20, 2010, U.S. State Department notified Congress of its intention to make the biggest arms sale in American history - an estimated $60.5 billion purchase by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The package represents a considerable improvement in the offensive capability of the Saudi armed forces.
The U.S. was keen to point out that the arms transfer would increase "interoperability" with U.S. forces. In the 1990–1991 Gulf War, having U.S.-trained Saudi forces, along with military installations built to U.S. specifications, allowed the American armed forces to deploy in a comfortable and familiar battle environment. This new deal would increase these capabilities, as an advanced American military infrastructure is about to be built.
Foreign policy as "Islamic marriage".
Upon becoming regent in 2005, King Abdullah's first foreign trip was to China. In 2012 A Saudi-Chinese agreement to cooperate in the use of atomic energy for peaceful purposes was signed. Abdullah also welcomed Russian president Vladimir Putin to Riyadh in 2007, awarding him the kingdom's highest honor, the King Abdul Aziz Medal. Russia and Saudi concluded a joint venture between Saudi ARAMCO and LUKOIL to develop new Saudi gas fields. Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal described post-9/11 relations with the US as "a Muslim marriage not a Catholic marriage", with the US being only one of Saudi Arabia's "wives".
Rift.
Alwaleed bin Talal warned several Saudi ministers in May 2013 that shale gas production in the U.S. would eventually pose a threat to the kingdom's oil-dependent economy. Despite this, the two countries still maintained a positive relationship. 
In October 2013, Saudi intelligence chief Prince Bandar bin Sultan suggested a distancing of Saudi Arabia–United States relations as a result of differences between the two countries over the Syrian civil war and diplomatic overtures between Iran and the Obama administration. The Saudis rejected a rotating seat on the UN Security Council that month (despite previously campaigning for such a seat), in protest of American policy over those issues.
Saudi Arabia was cautiously supportive of a Western-negotiated interim agreement with Iran over its nuclear program. President Obama called King Abdullah to brief him about the agreement, and the White House said the leaders agreed to "consult regularly" about the U.S.'s negotiations with Iran.
9/11.
On September 11 2001, a terrorist attack on New York City and Washington DC by four hijacked airplanes killed nearly 3000 and did at least $10 billion in property and infrastructure damage. 15 of the 19 hijackers in the attacks came from Saudi Arabia, as did the leader of the hijackers' organization, (Osama bin Laden). In the US, there followed considerable negative publicity for, and scrutiny of, Saudi Arabia and its teaching of Islam, and a reassessing of the "oil-for-security" alliance with the Al Saud.
In the backlash against Saudi Arabia and Wahhabism, Saudi was portrayed in media, senate hearings, and elsewhere as 
as a sort of oily heart of darkness, the wellspring of a bleak, hostile value system that is the very antithesis of our own. America's seventy-year alliance with the kingdom has been reappraised as a ghastly mistake, a selling of the soul, a gas-addicted dalliance with death.
There was even a proposal at the Defense Policy Board, (an arm of Department of Defense) to consider `taking Saudi out of Arabia' by forcibly seizing control of the oil fields, giving the Hijaz back to the Hashemites, and delegating control of Medina and Mecca to a multinational committee of moderate, non-Wahhabi Muslims.
For over a year after 9/11 Saudi Minister of the Interior, Prince Nayef bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud, insisted that the Saudi hijackers were dupes in a Zionist plot. In December 2002, a Saudi government spokesman declared that his country was the victim of unwarranted American intolerance bordering on "hate."
However, Saudi domestic anti-terrorism policies, contributions to the "War on Terror" and anti-Al-Qaeda policies have repaired ties with the US to some extent.
In 2003, several terror attacks targeted U.S. compounds, the Saudi ministry of interior, and several other places occurred inside Saudi Arabia. As a result of these attacks, the U.S. decided to redevelop Saudi law enforcement agencies by providing them with anti-terrorism education, the latest technologies, and by giving them a chance to interact with U.S. law enforcement agencies to gain efficient knowledge and power needed to handle terrorist cases and to enforce anti-terrorist laws (Pollack 2002).
Although some analyses have speculated that Osama Bin Laden, who in 1994 had his Saudi nationality revoked and expelled from Saudi Arabia, had chosen 15 Saudi hijackers on purpose to break up the U.S.–Saudi relations, the U.S. was still suspicious of Saudi Arabia (PBS Frontline, 2005). The Saudi's decided to cooperate with the U.S. on the war on terror in order to vindicate its willingness to help the U.S. in the war on terrorism. "Terrorism does not belong to any culture, or religion, or political system", said King Abdullah as the opening address of the Counter-terrorism International Conference (CTIC) held in Riyadh in 2005. The cooperation grew broader covering financial, educational, technological aspects both in Saudi Arabia and Muslim-like countries to prevent pro-Al-Qaeda terrorists' activities and ideologies. "It is a high time for the Ulma (Muslim Scholars), and all thinkers, intellectuals and academics, to shoulder their responsibilities towards the enlightenment of the people, especially the young people, and protect them from deviant ideas" said Sheikh Saleh bin Abdulaziz Alsheikh, Minister of Islamic Affairs, in the CTIC.
Almost all members of the CTIC agreed that Al-Qaeda target less educated Muslims by convincing them that they are warriors of God, but they really convince them to only accomplish their political goals. Three years after the Saudi Serious and active role on anti-terrorist, Al-Qaeda began launching multiple attacks targeting Saudi government buildings and U.S. compounds in Saudi grounds (Alshihry, 2003). Their attacks exhibits their revenge against Saudi Arabia's cooperation with the U.S. trying to stop further US–Saudi anti-terrorist movements and trying to corrode the US-Saudi relationship and to annihilate it.
After these changes, the Saudi government was more equipped in preventing terrorist activities. They caught a large number of Saudi terrorists and terrorists from other countries (some of them American) that had connections with al-Qaeda in one way or another (U.S. Department of State 2007). Some of these criminals held high rank in terrorist society, which helped diffuse many terrorist cells (Alahmary, 2004). In matter of months, Saudi law enforcement officials were successfully able to stop and prevent terrorist activities. Also they were successful of finding the source of terrorist financing.
Pre-9/11 relationship with the United States.
The United States recognized the government of King Ibn Saud in 1933, and diplomatic relations between two countries were established. At the same time Ibn Saud granted a concession to the U.S. company, Standard Oil of California, allowing them to explore for oil in the country's Eastern Province, al-Hasa. The company gave the Saudi government £35,000 and also paid assorted rental fees and royalty payments.
CASOC Struck oil near Dhahran, but production over the next several years remained low—only about 42.5 million barrels between 1941 and 1945; less than 1% of the output in the United States over the same time period.
U.S. officials initially paid little attention, not sending a resident ambassador to the country until 1943. However, as World War II progressed, the United States began to believe that Saudi oil was of strategic importance. As a result, in the interest of national security, the U.S. began to push for greater control over the CASOC concession. On 16 February 1943, President Franklin D. Roosevelt declared that "the defense of Saudi Arabia is vital to the defense of the United States", thereby making possible the extension of the Lend-Lease program to the kingdom. Later that year, the president approved the creation of the state-owned Petroleum Reserves Corporation, with the intent that it purchase all the stock of CASOC and thus gain control of Saudi oil reserves in the region. However, the plan was met by opposition, and ultimately failed. Roosevelt continued to court the government, however—on 14 February 1945, he met with King Ibn Saud aboard the USS Quincy, discussing topics such as the countries' security relationship and the creation of a Jewish country in the Mandate of Palestine.
CASOC was later renamed the Arabian-American Oil Company (Aramco). The agreement between the company and the Saudi kingdom was modified several times over the years. In 1950, Saudi Arabia and Aramco agreed to a 50–50 profit-sharing arrangement, and a series of agreements between 1973 and 1980 resulted in the Saudis' regaining full control of the company. In 1988, Fahd of Saudi Arabia issued a royal decree establishing the Saudi Arabian Oil Company, known as Saudi Aramco, to replace Aramco.
In 1951, under a mutual defense agreement, the U.S. established a permanent U.S. Military Training Mission in the kingdom and agreed to provide training support in the use of weapons and other security-related services to the Saudi armed forces. The US Army Corps of Engineers assisted in the construction of military installations in the kingdom. This agreement formed the basis of what grew into a longstanding security relationship. Two years later, King Abdulaziz died and was succeeded by his son, Crown Prince Saud, who was known for his reputation as a spendthrift. Under King Saud, the kingdom's treasury diminished rapidly and he was forced to turn over direct control of government affairs to his half-brother Faisal from 1958 to 1961. In 1964, the royal family and religious leadership forced Saud to abdicate in favor of Faisal.
In October 2001, The "Wall Street Journal" reported that Crown Prince Abdullah sent a critical letter to U.S. President George W. Bush on August 29. He warned that Saudi Arabia was being put in an untenable position and reportedly wrote: "A time comes when peoples and nations part. We are at a crossroads. It is time for the United States and Saudi Arabia to look at their separate interests. Those governments that don't feel the pulse of their people and respond to it will suffer the fate of the Shah of Iran."
Post-9/11 relationship with the United States.
Saudi Arabia issued a statement on the day of the terrorist attacks on America's World Trade Center and Pentagon, calling them "regrettable and inhuman." Saudi recognition to the Taliban stopped and as of November 2001, the Bush administration continued to publicly praise Saudi support for the war on terrorism. However, published media reports have indicated U.S. frustration with Saudi inaction. Although 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals, publicly the Saudis were not cooperating with Americans wanting to look at background files of the hijackers or interview the hijackers' families.
Saudi Arabia engaged the Washington, D.C., lobbying firm of Patton Boggs as registered foreign agents in the wake of the public relations disaster when knowledge of the identities of suspected hijackers became known. They also hired the PR and lobbying firm Qorvis for $14 million a year. Qorvis engaged in a PR frenzy that publicized the "9/11 Commission finding that there was 'no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded Qaeda'—while omitting the report's conclusion that 'Saudi Arabia has been a problematic ally in combating Islamic extremism.'"
The two nations cooperate and share information about al-Qaeda(Alsheikh 2006) and leaders from both countries continue to meet to discuss their mutual interests and bilateral relations.
Allegations of funding terrorism.
According to a 2009 U.S. State Department communication by Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State, (disclosed as part of the Wikileaks U.S. 'cables leaks' controversy in 2010) "donors in Saudi Arabia constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide". Part of this funding arises through the zakat (an act of charity dictated by Islam) paid by all Saudis to charities, and amounting to at least 2.5% of their income. Although many charities are genuine, others, it is alleged, serve as fronts for money laundering and terrorist financing operations. While many Saudis contribute to those charities in good faith believing their money goes toward good causes, it has been alleged that others know full well the terrorist purposes to which their money will be applied.
Diplomatic visits.
After President George W. Bush's two visits to Saudi Arabia in 2008—which was the first time a U.S. president visited a foreign country twice in less than four months—and King Abdullah's three visits to the US—2002, 2005 and 2008—the relations have surely reached their peak. The two nations have expanded their relationship beyond oil and terrorism. For example, King Abdullah has allocated funds for young Saudis to study in the United States.
One of the most important reasons that King Abdullah has given full scholarships to young Saudis is to give them western perspective and to impart a positive impression of Saudi Arabia on the American people (Alslemy, 2008). On the other hand, President Bush discussed the world economic crisis and what the U.S.–Saudi relationship can do about it (Tabassum, 2008). During meetings with the Saudis, the Bush Administration took the Saudi policies very seriously because of their prevalent economic and defensive presence in the region and its great media influence on the Islamic world (Al Obaid 2007). By and large, the two leaders have made many decisions that deal with security, economics, and business aspects of the relationship, making it in the top of its fame. (Gearan, 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="9753150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753150" title="Law, Legislation and Liberty">
Law, Legislation and Liberty

Law, Legislation and Liberty is the 1973 "magnum opus" in three volumes by Nobel laureate economist and political philosopher Friedrich Hayek. In it, Hayek further develops the philosophical principles he discussed earlier in "The Road to Serfdom", "The Constitution of Liberty", and other writings. "Law, Legislation and Liberty" is more abstract than Hayek's earlier work, and it focuses on the conflicting views of society as either a design, a made order ("taxis"), on the one hand, or an emergent system, a grown order ("cosmos"), on the other. These ideas are then connected to two different forms of law: law proper, or "nomos" coinciding more or less with the traditional concept of natural law, which is an emergent property of social interaction, and legislation, or "thesis", which is properly confined to the administration of non-coercive government services, but is easily confused with the occasional acts of legislature that do actually straighten out flaws in the nomos.

</doc>
<doc id="9753151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753151" title="Polished plaster">
Polished plaster

Polished plaster is a term for the finish of some plasters and for the description of new and updated forms of traditional Italian plaster finishes. The term covers a whole range of decorative plaster finishes - from the very highly polished Venetian plaster and Marmorino to the rugged look of textured polished plasters. Polished plaster itself tends to consist of slaked lime, marble dust, and/or marble chips (which give each plaster its distinctive look).
Polished plaster is mainly used internally, on walls and ceilings, to give a finish that looks like polished marble, travertine, or limestone.
Such plasters are usually applied over a primer and basecoat base, from 1 to 4 layers. They are finished (burnished) with a specialised steel trowel to a smooth glass-like sheen.
Polished plaster is usually sealed with a protective layer of wax.
Venetian plaster.
Venetian plaster is a wall and ceiling finish consisting of plaster mixed with marble dust, applied with a spatula or trowel in thin, multiple layers, which are then burnished to create a smooth surface with the illusion of depth and texture. Venetian plaster techniques include "marmorino", "scagliola", and "sgraffito". When left un-burnished, Venetian plaster has a matte finish that is rough and stone-like to the touch. Un-burnished Venetian plaster is also very brittle and damages rather easily.
When applied correctly, Venetian plaster can be used to create a highly polished, rock-hard, marble-like finish. Venetian plaster is especially useful on surfaces where marble panels could not be installed easily, and on surfaces that would be too expensive to have carved from real marble such as columns, corbels and curved walls.
Venetian plaster can be tinted, or colored using natural or synthetic colorants. The ability to tint Venetian plaster is especially helpful when a specific color of "marble" is desired, or when a color that does not exist naturally is wanted.

</doc>
<doc id="9753155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753155" title="White House Complex">
White House Complex

The White House Complex is the designation of the three principal structures of the White House and the adjoining outdoor ceremonial areas, which, along with the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, serve as the seat of the executive branch of United States government. The structural components include the Executive Residence, where the First Family resides; the West Wing, the location of the Oval Office, Cabinet Room, and Roosevelt Room; and the East Wing, which houses the offices of the First Lady and the White House Social Secretary, and also provides public access to the State Rooms of the Executive Residence for tours and social events. 
The adjoining outdoor spaces are used for ceremonial and social events. They include the Rose Garden, Jacqueline Kennedy Garden, North Lawn, and South Lawn.
The central executive residence, the original building of the complex, was built 1792–1800. The east and west porticos were designed by Thomas Jefferson and built in 1803. In 1859 the East Colonnade was dismantled. The East Wing and West Wing were constructed in 1902, and a modified version of the east colonnades was constructed in 1902 on the same foundations as Jefferson's 1803 original.
The White House Chief Usher is the head of household staff and operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9753159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753159" title="Robert Broderick">
Robert Broderick

Rob Broderick is an Irish stand-up comedian who was born in Dublin but who now lives and works in London. He improvised his way into the final of the prestigious So You Think You're Funny competition at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Broderick performed his first solo show, entitled "Absinthe Without Leave" at the 2007 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
At the 2008 Edinburgh Fringe, he appeared in three shows each day - a solo hip hop/comedy show called "Abandoman", a double act (with Padraig Hyland) titled "Bitesized! Improvised! Televised!" (in which they improvise over movie clips) and a nightly show at the Gilded Balloon called "Carnival des Phenomenes".
As part of the Irish improvising hip-hop trio "Abandoman" he won the 2010 Hackney Empire New Act of the Year Competition. Broderick in particular was described by Chortle as "an engaging frontman and an incredibly quick and skilful improviser". Abandoman were also winners of the 2010 Musical Comedy Awards.
Rob returned to Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2010 with fellow Abandoman James Hancox. The duo performed their show "Pic N Mixtape" to a sell-out crowd.
In the same year Rob and James played a wide variety of venues and nights from comedy clubs to music gigs as well as festivals including Bestival, Latitude, Hop Farm Festival (in both 2010 and 2011) and Altitude festival in Meribel.
In 2010 they performed on both "The Now Show" and "The Vote Now Show" on BBC Radio 4, and were guests on Nick Grimshaw's BBC Radio 1 show and Chris Hawkin's show on BBC 6 Music, where they had a songwriting residency.
Rob and James returned as Abandoman for the 2011 Edinburgh Festival Fringe and performed an improvisational musical based on an audience member.
They were also guests on "The Stephen K Amos Show" on BBC 2 TV.

</doc>
<doc id="9753162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753162" title="Worthington C. Ford">
Worthington C. Ford

Worthington Chauncey Ford (February 15, 1858 – March 7, 1941) was an American historian and editor of a number of collections of documents from early American history. He served in a variety of government positions: first, as the chief of the Bureau of Statistics for the U.S. Department of State, from 1885–1889, then at the U.S. Department of Treasury, 1893–1898, then as chief of the manuscripts division at the Library of Congress from 1902-1908. He also served as Librarian of the John Carter Brown Library at Brown University from 1917-1922.
Family Notoriety.
Ford was the youngest member of a distinguished and notorious family. He was the great-grandson (through his mother) of Noah Webster. His two older brothers were Paul Leicester Ford, an eminent biographer and novelist, and Malcolm Webster Ford, a distinguished amateur athlete, both of whom died May 8, 1902 in a murder-suicide perpetrated by the latter.
Historian, President of AHA.
Worthington Ford was best known for his edited collections of a number of Founding Fathers documents, including “The writings of George Washington (14 Volumes)”, “Alexander Hamilton's notes in the Federal convention of 1787”, and “Writings of John Quincy Adams”. He also edited collections of the correspondence of Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, and other figures in early American history.
Ford’s historical work was also notable for his tenure as chief of the newly established Manuscripts Division at the Library of Congress. During his time in charge, from 1903-1909, he organized a significant effort to photograph and copy manuscripts pertaining to early American history which resided in foreign archives (especially France, Britain, and Spain). In this way, copies of many documents which had been missing since 1812 or earlier were recovered.
. In addition, he edited and published the complete Journals of the Continental Congress, 1774-1789.
Ford was active in the American Historical Association and was elected President in 1917. Ford’s presidential address, The Editorial Function in United States History, is notable for its careful exposure of the deliberate omissions made by early editors of the Founding Fathers papers, including faked memoirs, papers edited to hide controversies important at the time, and other “crimes and errors” common in the editing and publishing of historical documents of the time.
Ford defended the American purchase and annexation of the Philippines from Spain during the Philippine–American War by saying "Questions of Conscience need not trouble us ... Here are rich lands, held by those who do not or cannot get the best out of them, and awaiting the fructifying application of capital and organization in commerce. Under this beneficient view the natives, an inferior race, must get out or become laborers. The Filipino is an incumbrance to be got rid of, unless he accepts the mandates of a purchasing and conquering power."
Ford also edited collections of works of other American figures, including "Letters of Henry Adams (1892-1918)", and a collection of Aaron Burr's letters.

</doc>
<doc id="9753163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753163" title="Yankeetown, Nova Scotia">
Yankeetown, Nova Scotia

Yankeetown is a rural community in the Halifax Regional Municipality on Route 213, 25.8 km from Halifax, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="9753173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753173" title="Marco Luly">
Marco Luly

Marco Luly is an Italian actor, director and theatre teacher. In 1990, Marco Luly founded with Luciana Codispoti the Associazione Culturale "Luoghi dell'Arte" in Rome, and has been artistic director of the company since then. Luly's area of specialization is in the production of commedia dell'arte, medieval theatre and plays by the father of Italian comedy, Carlo Goldoni.
From 1990, his portfolio has increased to include directing and writing plays for Luoghi dell’Arte. He is committed to reviving medieval and commedia dell'arte theatre, and has won distinctions for rediscovering medieval and renaissance period manuscripts and adapting them in a modern style.
Luly has won string of awards, including:
Since 1993 Marco led his group to several tours to Southeast Asia (Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam), to India, China, Morocco, and to France, Turkey, Slovenia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, and to the United States, to give lectures, performances, and workshops at the invitation of the embassies of Italy and Italian Cultural Institutes, of the drama departments of universities, of international schools, and on occasion of international festivals and theatre events. 
He has conducted classes on commedia dell'arte history and techniques, given lectures, and has worked in cross-cultural productions with students and actors in many countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9753174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753174" title="Jackie Clarke">
Jackie Clarke

Jackie Clarke (born in 1966) is a well known New Zealand entertainer, singer and comedian. She is best known for her judging role on "New Zealand Idol" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9753180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753180" title="Reaching for the Skies">
Reaching for the Skies

Reaching for the Skies was an aviation documentary TV series made by BBC Pebble Mill (with John Gau Productions) in association with CBS Fox. The first episode was transmitted in the United Kingdom on 12 September 1988 and in the US in 1989.
Narrated by British actor Anthony Quayle, and by Robert Vaughn for its American and International releases, It was divided into 12 programs (each of around 55 minutes' duration). The series producer was Ivan Rendall. Music used was mainly sourced from KPM Musichouse.
Filming techniques.
The series included many aerial sequences specifically filmed for the series, together with archive footage. This was combined with interviews of those involved, the aerial footage was usually accompanied by music sequences.
Interviews.
The series was notable for the large number of famous aviators that were interviewed. Normally interviewed against a black backdrop, a selection of those interviewed include; Chuck Yeager, Scott Crossfield, Jimmy Doolittle, Bob Hoover, Sir Frank Whittle, Hanna Reitsch, Captain Eric "Winkle" Brown to mention but a few.
Music.
A large amount of the music featured in the series was sourced from KPM Musichouse composers like Rod Argent and Bob Howes and Graham de Wilde. In selected scenes, this production music was blended with aerial footage shot from mostly unusual angles. As the music is production music, the songs are not available for the general public, however, media personnel may licence the music in their productions for a nominal fee.
The title music song, aptly called 'The Moment of Triumph', was actually created by Roger Limb of the BBC Radiophonic workshop and performed by Rod Argent and Bob Howes
Episodes.
12 episodes were filmed, first transmitted in the UK on BBC2 on the 12/9/1988. The episodes are listed below, along with accompanying background text from the VHS Videos:
1. "The Pioneers".
From the Cover: "From the Wright Brothers' first controlled-powered flight in 1903 to the advent of the space shuttle - come to know the key figures in aviation history - the people and the machines that pushed the limits of daring and technology to find ways to fly faster, higher and farther. Here is a chronicle of the raw determination and pioneer spirit that carries Louis Bleriot across the Channel in 1909, and, more recently, carried Dick Rutan and Jeana Yeager around the world in their Rutan Voyager on a single tank of fuel
2. "The Adventures Of Flight".
This is the account of the master aviators who pushed back the frontiers and found new ways to use aircraft...of test pilots, who displayed that rare combination of qualities: coolness under pressure, courage, flying skill, technological knowledge, and military acrobatics. About pilots who pushed their aircraft to the peak of performance...and of the barnstormers and flying circus performers who demonstrated their daring from country airfields to Hollywood film reels, where all the world could witness their dazzling magic. Notable appearances include former test-pilot Bob Hoover and the first female Boeing 747 flight commander Lynn Rippelmeyer.
3. "The Aeroplane goes to War".
Over France in World War I, where man and flying machines were first forged into a formidable fighting unit. At the start of the war, the adversaries could muster only a few hundred frail aircraft between them. Yet, in less than 4 years, Britain had commissioned an independent Air Force, had built over 50,000 aircraft and trained 26,000 pilots for observation, strafing, bombing and whatever was necessary to protect its air space. Then, when Anthony Fokker mounted a machine gun on an aeroplane, he changed the face of war forever.
This program is a unique historical document, as it features interviews with many World War I aviators from both sides, these included ; George Vaughn, Ray Brooks, Carl-August von Schoenebeck, Wolfram Eisenlohr, and various others. The programme sheds valuable light on these periods of history. The men's recollections are valuable as many of them were already quite old at the time, and such a set of reminiscences can never be recorded again.
4. "Victory over the Sea".
Since the Second World War, aircraft have played an important role in naval operations...defending the fleet against attack by making it possible for pilots to spot the enemy beyond the horizon. The advantages of naval air power became indisputable with the advent of the aircraft carrier - and the expanded capability to deploy this tactical asset across the vast stretches of the ocean. Having proven themselves from the sinking of the Bismarck to the Pacific War, from Suez and Vietnam to the Falklands, here is military air technology at its most daring, where precision is crucial, and the interface between man and machines reaches the ultimate intimacy
The greatest exponents of Naval air power are featured in interviews, particularly the masterful Captain Eric Brown, who in his time has flown virtually every Naval aircraft of World War II, and was a regular contributor to Air International at this period. His introduction of carrier-borne jets is also extremely interesting. The film culminates in the review of the modern carrier.
5. "Bombers".
Dresden...London...Vietnam...Tokyo..their names alone are dramatic testimony to the awesome power of the bomber. These aircraft came to dominate military strategy during World War II, and still played a critical role in the cold war. Even today, one side finds new ways for the bomber to do its jobs, as the other side seeks ways to stop it. From the activity on board to the devastation below, reaching for the skies looks at the bombers, the pilots who fly them, and the struggle between nations to maintain the ultimate combination of weaponry and technology...a chilling reminder of the ability aviation has given to society to annihilate itself.
The film begins with the Boeing B-52, and its effect on the populace of Vietnam. Thereafter, the Heinkel 111, and the bombing of Guernica. This marks the maturity of the Bomber as an instrument of war and of terror. In a similar measure, the Junkers Ju-87 Stuka is reviewed, with interviews of pilots. After this, the next great bomber examined is the Avro Lancaster and its campaign at night over the Third Reich. Then, the Boeing B-17 and daylight bombing over the Reich.
The final bomber examined is the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, and its career over Japan where it gained the name of Bni-Ju, the fire dragon. To complete the film, and thus the maturity of the Bomber as a tool of war, the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki with the first and so far last use of Nuclear Weapons in international warfare.
6. "Fighters".
Few aspects of the history of aviation match the vitality, drama and scale of the World War II fighter planes. As the strategists discovered the advantages of these warships of the skies, armies rarely moved across the battlefield without the security of air cover. This episode evokes the life and times of the fighter pilot and his aircraft, from World War II to the present...of individual determination and technological innovation working together in synchronous perfection. From Korea to the Middle East, to Vietnam, here is the testing ground for skill, technology, and, above all, human courage and self-sacrifice.
The film begins with the EAP, and by far the most romantic musical expression of the main theme, played on piano. The first fighter looked at after the credits is the General Dynamics F-16, accompanied by a soft-rock electric guitar solo. 
The first fighter looked at in detail is the North American P-51 Mustang. Film of preserved airworthy examples of the Confederate Airforce is used, and among the group formation is the sole airworthy P-51H. P-51 aces discuss their memories of combat over Germany in conjunction with bomber forces, and include Brig. General Robin Olds, and Brig. General Charles Yeager.
The Spitfire is examined in passing, and intriguingly a test pilot of the Dornier 335 "Pfiel" talks about his impressions.
The development of Jet fighters is next, and a short amount of time is spent examining the Gloster E38/39 Pioneer, followed by the Messerschmidt 262 "Schwalbe". Thereafter the Korean War becomes the subject. MiG Alley, and the contest between Sabre and MiG-15 is again reminisced about by the Aces. General Olds is again a fund of information, with humorous comments about early Sabre strength and reliability, though with praise for more mature variants.
Thereafter, Vietnam, at the time the last significant air engagement the USAF had fought. General Olds again gives much insight into the weakness of the missile-only F-4 Phantom. Randy Cunningham, and other aces talk about their experiences with SAM's, and the experiences gained being instrumental in the development of the Top Gun weapons school as well as the Aggressor Squadron of the USAF for pilot training.
The film ends with an examination of future technologies for fighter aircraft, some of which have long been abandoned, and others which are modern tactical reality.
7. "Giants of the Air".
We take them - the jumbo jets - for granted today, yet overwhelming obstacles had to be overcome to first get these giants off the ground. The challenge to build larger aircraft has tantalized designers and pilots since the dawn of aviation. Meet the visionaries who overcame these obstacles: Sikorsky, Caprioni, Howard Hughes and others...the pioneers who forged ahead to find the mix of size and engine power necessary to fulfil their dreams - and the quest for yet larger and larger aircraft.
8. "Rivals over the Atlantic".
The development of the jet engine represented a quantum leap in aviation, and revolutionised commercial aviation. Although first developed for fighter aircraft, this engineering triumph changed the world and led to the development of the jet airliner - especially the one which would set the pace for long distance air travel for the next decade - the Boeing 707. Thereafter America supplied the world with jet transports, creating the international network of air routes upon which the whole world has come to depend. Then Europe responded with the Concorde
The disaster of the Comet, the dead-end development of the Bristol Brabazon begin the film. The development of the Jet Set is reviewed, including a quick humorous look at Ronald Reagan as related by Anthony Quayle in his glory days as a Hollywood star. We then go on to the 747, and the view expressed by experienced captains.
After this, we move on the Concorde, and its development program. We also get to see come film of the vehement opposition by ordinary people in the USA which prevents Concorde from having a market share in the USA, limiting it to the trans-atlantic route.
9. "Trail Blazers".
Broadcast,
10. "The Quest for Speed".
This film begins with the SR-71 Blackbird, expressed as the ultimate expression in the quest for speed. The film, after credits, begins with the 1905 Curtiss biplane, owned and flown by a venerable gentleman who had been a boy when the aircraft was new. Thereafter the film moves on the Schneider Cup competition, and features unique footage of the Napier Lion-powered Supermarine S.5 with its blood-curdling scream over the water. Concluding the Schneider Cup is the S.6 and S.6b
Mary Haizlip, sister of Jimmy Haizlip, talks about her experiences flying in the so-called 'Powder Puff' air races for women in the 1930s, and about the development of aviation technology during that period driven by the quest for speed. In addition, she compares the atmosphere of the races to that possessing Roman crowds at the Circus Maximus.
Brig. Gen. Jimmy Doolittle then talks about his experiences flying the Gee Bee R-1 when he won the Thompson Trophy in 1935.
During World War II, speed increased sequentially in military aircraft, but the desperately brilliant developments of Germany for air defence justifiably deserve special mention - Hanna Reitsch describes the volcanic power and acceleration of the Me-163 Komet rocket-fighter.
Brig. General Yeager's flight of the Bell XS-1 through the sound barrier in 1947 is reviewed, along with other X-planes, culminating in the incredible North American X-15 hypersonic research aircraft.
Thereafter the conclusion of the film details the flight performance and pilots of the Lockheed SR-71, concluding with high speed conceptions of future air-travel, particularly the National Aerospace Plane and HOTOL.
11. "Lighter than Air".
Broadcast,
12. "Vertical Flight".
Examining the history of vertical flight, the program begins with the early helicopters, and then deals the with the pivotal breakthrough of the Cierva Rotor-head, followed by an explanation by the modern master of the Autogyro, Ken Wallis accompanied by the last movement of Bach's 3rd Brandenburg Concerto. 
Thereafter we move forward to Igor Sikorsky's helicopter, with interview with the great designer at the time of its development. 
Thereafter the focus moves then to the two great periods of helicopter lifesaving, the Korean War and Vietnam, where the helicopter truly went to war and heroes were made. The calm recollections of several very decorated veterans of the conflict make for compelling viewing, combined with previously unseen film footage of the conflict. 
For the 1980s, Ken Robinson demonstrates that a helicopter such as his remarkable R-22 represent the pinnacle of point-to-point transport in a small helicopter, and the XV-22 is demonstrated as the true pinnacle of the Helicopter.
Of course helicopters are not the only things that go straight up, and the tailsitters such as the Ryan XV-13 Vertijet, and the Convair Pogo are examined with a humorous interview with the test pilot, Skeets Coleman. The European experiments are reviewed, such as the Short SC-1, and the Dassault Balzac, finishing with the Harrier, the early Kestrel and Harrier programs being discussed in detail by Bill Bedford, their test pilot and a then-contemporary demonstration of the capability of the craft in Operation Corporate in the Falklands.
VHS and book.
The series was available as a 6 volume VHS set.
The book, "Reaching for the Skies: The Adventure of Flight" by Ivan Rendall (who was also the TV Series Producer) was published in 1990 and made to accompany the series. ISBN 0-563-20913-5, ISBN 978-0-563-20913-3.

</doc>
<doc id="9753182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753182" title="List of Chicago Bears first-round draft picks">
List of Chicago Bears first-round draft picks

The Chicago Bears are an American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois. They are members of the National Football Conference (NFC) North division in the National Football League (NFL). They participated in the first ever NFL draft in 1936 and selected Joe Stydahar, a tackle from the West Virginia University. Stydahar went to have a stellar career with the franchise and is inducted in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. The team's most recent first round selection (2014) was Kyle Fuller, a cornerback from Virginia Tech University. The Bears have not had first round selections a total of six times, most recently in 2010 draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9753186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753186" title="Trinity Academy of Raleigh">
Trinity Academy of Raleigh

Trinity Academy of Raleigh is a classical, Christian school located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The current headmaster is Dr. Robert Littlejohn
History.
Trinity Academy was founded in September 1996 by a board of directors. Trinity (originally known as Regent School) had its first day of school on August 24, 1998. It was first located at the Asbury United Methodist Church and Calvary Presbyterian Church. In 2002, the school moved to Providence Baptist Church, and again in 2006 to the site where its permanent facilities are located.
Academics.
Trinity Academy of Raleigh offers classical education with a Christian based atmosphere. It offers students many different classes and programs. Humanities is one main course; it is a combination of history, writing, literature and grammar designed to challenge students to think "outside the box." Forum, Dialogue, and Religious Studies teach the students how to debate and feel confident in their faith. Latin is also one of the aspects of the school; it is a two year class that is required to graduate from Trinity.
Theatre Arts.
Marajen Denman is the director of Trinity's theatre arts department. The department produces two shows annually, of which at least one is Shakespeare. Past shows have included "The Taming of the Shrew"," The Two Gentlemen of Verona", "Twelfth Night", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "As You Like It", and "Love's Labour's Lost". In 2007, they performed "Much Ado about Nothing".
There is also an annual Evening with the Playwrights show, performed and directed by students in grades 9–12. Each show features three one-act plays. Some plays featured in past shows are Shaw's "Pygmalion", Molière's "Tartuffe", A.A. Milne's "The Ugly Duckling", Chekov's "The Marriage Proposal" and Fletcher's "Sorry, Wrong Number". In 2008, Trinity Academy performed its first non-Shakespearian play, "The Spitfire Grill". The school received a Capital Awards nomination for Outstanding High School Musical.
For Fall 2008, the department performed "The Merchant of Venice", and in Spring 2009, it performed Rodgers And Hammerstein's "Babes In Arms". Fall of 2009, the Theatre Arts class joined with the Upper School Concert Choir to present a Madrigal version of "Twelfth Night" complete with a full 16th-century feast.
Athletics.
Trinity Academy of Raleigh has many different sport programs. Middle school teams for boys and girls at Trinity include: swimming, basketball, soccer, and tennis. Middle school girls also have volleyball. High school boys teams at Trinity include: swimming, basketball, golf, soccer, and tennis. For the high school girls they offer swimming, volleyball, cheerleading, basketball, soccer, and tennis.
Students in middle and high school are required to participate in at least one sport for a physical education grade. At the end of each season there is a sport banquet where awards are given to the athletes.
The Trinity High School teams are in the Carolina Christian Conference (CCC), and the Trinity Middle School teams are in the Triangle Middle School Conference (TMSC). After only two years of being in the TMSC (2003–04), the Trinity Middle School soccer team won the conference tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9753198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753198" title="Gowrie Park">
Gowrie Park

Gowrie Park is a residential area of Dundee, Scotland, United Kingdom. Sandwiched between Menzieshill and Dundee Technology Park, it is located in the western edge of the city. The Gowrie Park suburb was developed by local builders Bett Brothers in the 1970 and 80s and all homes are all privately owned. The streets all have names from places in the western Highlands of Scotland.
Intersecting through the area is a small grass park, known locally as the Green Belt. Circumventing Gowrie Park is a cycle path, where the railway line to Lochee ran. (There was a small station building which at the end of South road known as Liff station which closed around 1967) The path of the railway can clearly be seen from above on Google Earth running directly behind Applecross Gardens and Peterburn Terrace. The cycle path (former rail line) is part of the Dundee green route which provides access to the Technology Park, Ninewells Hospital, the Kingsway dual carriageway to the west and Charleston, a sports centre and shops to the east.
The majority of the children who live in Gowrie Park attend Gowriehill Primary School then go on to Menzieshill High School. The area is within walking distance of both schools as well as local shops and Ninewells Hospital. There are also regular bus routes through the area.
The area is included in the new Lochee council ward, yet is several miles from Lochee. The Councillors are Alan Ross, Bob Duncan, (Scottish National Party), Norma McGovern, and Tom Ferguson, (Labour).
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9753205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753205" title="Nathaniel Johnson (broadcaster)">
Nathaniel Johnson (broadcaster)

Nathaniel Johnson, veteran American radio broadcaster and record producer, was born in 1942 in Concord, Massachusetts where he attended both private and public schools. From an early age, he showed a remarkable aptitude for music and sound reproduction.
In 1961, he joined the U.S. Army Intelligence Agency where he majored in communications during training at Fort Devens, Massachusetts. In 1962, he was assigned to the Hakata Base, Japan where he spent twenty-four months as a specialist in foreign communications for the United States Army Security Agency.
Following an honorable discharge in 1964, Johnson, a student at Emerson College, became a radio announcer and later, Music Director for radio station WBCN-FM in Boston, a primary originator of classical music programming for east-coast stations of The Concert Network. In 1966, Johnson broke with the traditional classical format and introduced Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band to New England radio audiences, marking the first FM stereo broadcast in the United States of this revolutionary Beatles album. While Music Director at WBCN-FM, Johnson brought his popular organ music program, "The King of Instruments", to college radio stations WERS-FM at Emerson College, Boston, and to WBUR-FM at Boston University.
In 1967, Johnson joined the WGBH Educational Foundation and was assigned the unique, triple-role of announcer, producer and audio engineer. In 1969, Johnson became the first classical announcer on WGBH Radio to host and engineer Morning Pro Musica and continued in this role until 1971 when he passed the position on to Robert J. Lurtsema. For nearly 12 years, Johnson served as audio balance engineer and music editor for WGBH Radio and TV, supervising sound recordings radio and TV drama plus recordings of live broadcasts by the Boston Symphony and Boston Pops Orchestras. In addition he supervised numerous live radio concerts from Jordan Hall at The New England Conservatory of Music, The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Sanders Theater at Harvard University and Kresge Auditorium, MIT.
In the mid-1970s, Johnson collaborated with artists and producers at the New Television Workshop at WGBH, which supported the creation and broadcast of experimental works by video artists from 1974 to 1993. Johnson received a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to produce a video-synthesized version of Debussy's "Girl With the Flaxen Hair" arranged by Isao Tomita on RCA Red Seal.
In 1980, prior to his departure from WGBH, Johnson was engaged by Masterpiece Theatre Executive Producer Joan Wilson to produce a new record album, "Favorite Themes from Masterpiece Theatre." Johnson then commissioned two British composers, Kenyon_Emrys-Roberts (Poldark) and Wilfrid Josephs (I, Claudius) to extend their respective themes for inclusion on the forthcoming album. Johnson supervised the recording sessions in the BBC Studios at Maida Vale. During his tenure at WGBH Johnson also collaborated with Alistair Cooke on various Public TV programs and, occasionally, recorded Cooke's "Letter From America" for later broadcast on the BBC.
In the 1970s, Johnson participated in the WGBH Radio Drama Development Project and later studied radio drama production with Desmond Briscoe of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop at WHA in Madison, Wisconsin. As audio designer for WGBH Radio Drama projects, Johnson produced "Herakles" by Archibald MacLeish, an experimental radio drama in quadraphonic sound.
While in England for WGBH, Johnson received an invitation from Ray Dolby to tour Dolby Laboratories at Clapham. Working with Dolby engineers in New York, Nat Johnson pioneered the implementation of Dolby Surround Sound for compact-discs at the RCA Studios where he remastered numerous Dolby Surround albums for both the RCA Red Seal and RCA Victor labels. Among his principal projects in Dolby Surround were the remakes of RCA's "Victory at Sea" (Volumes 1 & 2), "Motion Picture Classics" (Volumes 1 & 2) with Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops and "Themes From The Pink Panther" which Johnson remastered in collaboration with composer Henry Mancini.
In 1991, Nathaniel Johnson was appointed Head of Reissues at RCA Records in New York, having previously produced two quadraphonic LP best-sellers for RCA Red Seal Records, "Spaced-Out Bach," Volumes I and II. Following "Spaced-Out Bach", Johnson produced a 3-record boxed set of Bach's English Suites for RCA Red Seal, London. At RCA in New York, Johnson supervised the remastering of the entire 64-CD Grammy Award-winning Heifetz Collection along with numerous albums from the RCA Living Stereo series and the "Toscanini Edition". In addition, Johnson supervised the remastering of an award-winning collection of Boston Symphony albums featuring music by French composers, conducted by Charles Münch. Over several years, Johnson also supervised the restoration of numerous recordings by Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra for RCA Red Seal Records and RCA Victor.
In 1999, while supervising classical reissues at BMG/RCA, Johnson initiated a revolutionary audiophile series of high-end compact discs, “High Performance,” featuring outstanding analogue LP masters of performances by the Boston Symphony and Boston Pops Orchestras. In addition, High Performance highlighted a variety of eminent artists including Erich Leinsdorf, Arthur Fiedler, Leontyne Price, Vladimir Horowitz and the Guarneri Quartet.
In 2000, Nathaniel Johnson was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Historical Album as Producer of a 94-CD set, "The Rubinstein Collection" for RCA Red Seal Records.
In 2001, Johnson created an innovative web-based, multimedia music education program titled "Music Matters" for Northeastern University in conjunction with the university's student Cooperative Education program.
In 2003, Johnson founded Rockport Restoration Studios - an independent company dedicated to the conservation and preservation of historic recordings. Since 2005, Johnson has concentrated on the restoration and preservation of all extant speeches and addresses by Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Winston Churchill. He is a member of The Roosevelt Institute and has restored Churchill's address, "Their Finest Hour" for The Churchill Centre.
The author of several novels, screenplays and a collection of short stories, Johnson's most recent works have appeared in AlienSkin, " Boston Literary Magazine, Writer’s Stories, SNM Horror Magazine, Bewildering Stories’ First Quarterly Review 2010, The Foundling Review, Every Day Fiction", and "Absent Willow Review".
In 2010, Johnson launched a blog honoring the pioneers who built "WGBH", titled WGBH & Friends.

</doc>
<doc id="9753211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753211" title="Ganz Paris träumt von der Liebe – Caterina Valente singt ihre Welterfolge">
Ganz Paris träumt von der Liebe – Caterina Valente singt ihre Welterfolge

Ganz Paris träumt von der Liebe – Caterina Valente singt ihre Welterfolge is an album from Caterina Valente. Released in Germany, (1970).
This album includes her big hits "Malagueña" and "The Breeze and I".
Track listing.
Seite 1
1. Ganz Paris träumt von der Liebe ("the whole of Paris dreams of Love")
2. Ich wär so gern bei dir
3. Fiesta Cubana
4. Spiel noch einmal für mich, Habanero
5. Wenn es Nacht wird in Paris
6. Tipitipitipso
7. Malaguena
Seite 2
1. Frag mich nie, was Heimweh ist
2. Schwarze Engel
3. Steig in das Traumboot der Liebe
4. Granada
5. Be Mine Tonight
6. Wo meine Sonne scheint
7. Andalucia

</doc>
<doc id="9753216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753216" title="Damascus High School">
Damascus High School

Damascus High School is a high school located at 25921 Ridge Road in Damascus, an unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Maryland. The school principal is Jennifer Webster and assistant principals are Karen Rose, Andrei Ghelman, and Lakeisa Adamson. Its feeder school is John T. Baker Middle School.
History.
Damascus High School was built in 1950 (26,600 square feet) with major additions added in 1951 (11,790 square feet), 1958 (21,339 square feet), 1963 (33,852 square feet), 1964 (30,297 square feet), 1971 (2,126 square feet), 1975 (40,017 square feet), 1977 (35,700 square feet) 1993 (32,892 square feet) and 2004 (1,373 square feet addition and of renovation of the original 1950 building). The building now totals .
Athletics.
Damascus High School has some notable achievements including:

</doc>
<doc id="9753240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753240" title="Stanage Park">
Stanage Park

Stanage Park is a park located some 3 miles east of Knighton, Powys and near the settlement of Heartsease.
It is an outstanding picturesque parkland laid out by Humphry Repton. The last and most complete of his three recognized Welsh landscape commissions. Repton's picturesque parkland improvements, castellated house and enclosed garden survive almost intact and are recorded in a 'Red Book', still kept at the house. Later nineteenth-century arboretum and formal terraced gardens lie to the north and west of the house. There is also a pheasant shoot in the parkland surrounding the house. 
The house itself is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9753248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753248" title="EWise">
EWise

eWise is a privately funded technology company with the goal of bringing together all of a person’s financial accounts onto a single screen. Since 2000, they have been pioneering and partnering with financial institutions around the world to make them the one place for their customers to access and manage their full financial lives.
Their eWise Money Manager suite is a fully featured account aggregation and personal financial management solution for financial institutions. [http://www.finovate.com/asia12vid/ewise.html]
More recently, they have launched a payments product line to help merchants grow their profits by shrinking payment costs. Their first payments product was Secure Vault Payments launched in partnership with NACHA [https://www.nacha.org/] (the Electronic Payments Association) in 2010.
In 2012, they launched PayWithMyBank [http://www.paywithmybank.com/] as the low-cost online payment alternative to PayPal & credit cards, available to 100% of U.S. consumers with a bank account. PayWithMyBank allows consumers to buy products, pay bills or make donations online directly from their bank account on a merchant’s, biller’s or nonprofit’s website.
eWise raised $14 million in 2011 from Wellington Partners, Balderton Capital, TTV Capital and Patagorang. It is headquartered in Redwood City, California with offices in Denver, London (United Kingdom), and Sydney (Australia).
References.
Powers first direct's Internet Banking plus Service]

</doc>
<doc id="9753253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753253" title="36th New York Infantry">
36th New York Infantry

The 36th New York State Volunteers was a New York Civil War regiment. It was a unique fighting force, composed of Irishmen and New York Britons. A colorful group known for its antics and in-fighting, it nevertheless made important contributions to the Union cause at such battles as Seven Pines, Malvern Hill, Fredericksburg, and Chancellorsville. Many of its members were also present during the New York Draft Riots.
The unit served from 1861 to 1863. It served closely with the 7th and 10th Massachusetts regiments, along with the 2nd RI.
It was first blooded at the battle of Seven Pines and later participated in the Union victory at Malvern Hill. It was part of a detachment guarding the bridges at Fredericksburg and did not see combat there. In the battle of Chancellorsville, it participated in the capture of Marye's Heights.
Before the Gettysburg battle, the two-year enlistment period of its members expired, though many were rushed to New York to quell the draft riots and the regiment suffered its last war casualties there.

</doc>
<doc id="9753277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753277" title="Historic motorsport">
Historic motorsport

Historic motorsport is motorsport with vehicles limited to a particular era. Only safety precautions are modernized in these hobbyist races. A historical event can be of various types of motorsport disciplines, from road racing to rallying.
Notably some of the most famous events of them all are the Goodwood Festival of Speed and Goodwood Revival in Britain and Monterey Historic in the United States. Championships range from "grass root" Austin Seven racing to the FIA Thoroughbred Grand Prix Championship for classic Formula One chassis.
While there are several professional teams and drivers in historical racing, this branch of motorsport tends to be contested by wealthy car owners and is thus more amateur and laid back in its approach. One advantage of historical motorsport is that once a series for a particular category is introduced, it helps to increase the value of its competing cars, sometimes approaching the million dollar mark, therefore as a result, many of these are carefully driven by its owners and are occasionally used to bring in spectators.
Notable historic motorsport events.
The list are for events that has run at least three years and are internationally recognised events.

</doc>
<doc id="9753282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753282" title="StarShipSofa">
StarShipSofa

StarShipSofa is a science fiction podcast from the United Kingdom hosted and edited by Tony C. Smith. It was the first ever podcast to be both nominated for and to win a Hugo Award for Best Fanzine. StarShipSofa was also nominated for Best Fan Podcast in the 2007 Parsec Awards.
History.
The show was first broadcast in July 2006 by Smith and Ciaran O'Carrol with an episode focusing on Alfred Bester. The next 70 episodes ran weekly and featured commentary on such subjects as Harlan Ellison, Samuel R. Delany, Charles Stross, and other well-known science fiction authors. StarShipSofa also covered subjects such as films and specific themes such as religion in science fiction.
In 2010 many of these original podcasts were transcribed and published in book form as "StarShipSofa: The Captain's Logs".
At the end of this initial run O'Carrol left StarShipSofa and the podcast began to transition to an audio fiction magazine, with narrated fiction mixed with commentary and essays. Now calling itself "StarShipSofa - The Audio Science Fiction Magazine," in October 2007 StarShipSofa began podcasting Hugo Award winning audio stories for free. In March 2008, for the first time ever, all five of the short stories that had been shortlisted for the BSFA Award for Best Short Story were made available on the StarShipSofa in audio narrated format.
Hugo Award.
On 4 April 2010, StarShipSofa became the first podcast to ever be included on the Hugo Awards ballot. It was nominated in the category Best Fanzine. On 5 September 2010 StarShipSofa went on to become the first podcast to win a Hugo Award. The award was presented at Aussiecon 4 in Melbourne, Australia.
As a result, the 2011 business meeting of the Worldcon voted to create a new category for "Best Fancast", so that podcasts would no longer be deemed a fanzine or be eligible for a fanzine Hugo.
District of Wonders.
In January 2012 StarShipSofa launched its first spin-off, a horror podcast hosted by Lawrence Santoro called Tales to Terrify. This was followed in July 2012 by two more spin-offs - the crime-themed Crime City Central hosted by Jack Calverley, and the pulp-themed Protecting Project Pulp hosted by Dave Robison. The four are now united under the District of Wonders banner.
"StarShipSofa Stories".
To celebrate the 100th episode of StarShipSofa's audio fiction magazine, an anthology of stories titled "StarShipSofa Stories, Volume 1" was published, featuring fiction by Michael Moorcock, Gene Wolfe, Peter Watts, Elizabeth Bear, and others. The second volume of stories was published in October 2010 and contains fiction by Neil Gaiman, China Miéville, Mary Rosenblum, and others.
StarShipSofa is free and is available for subscription and automatic download through iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="9753291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753291" title="William Caulfeild, 1st Viscount Charlemont">
William Caulfeild, 1st Viscount Charlemont

William Caulfeild, 1st Viscount Charlemont PC (Ire) (1624 – April 1671) was an Irish politician and peer.
Background.
Born in Donamon Castle in County Roscommon, he was third son of William Caulfeild, 2nd Baron Caulfeild and his wife Mary King, daughter of Sir John King. His two older brothers Toby Caulfeild, 3rd Baron Caulfeild and Robert Caulfeild, 4th Baron Caulfeild died both without male issue and he succeeded to the barony on the latter's death in 1644.
Career.
Having been first a leading Parliamentarian under Oliver Cromwell, he captured Sir Phelim O'Neil in 1653 and executed him for rebellion and the murder of his brother Toby and his family. In 1660, Caulfeild switched his allegiance and supported afterwards King Charles II of England, captaining a troop of horse. After the English Restoration, he took his seat in the Irish House of Lords and was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland.
In 1661, Caulfeild was appointed Custos Rotulorum of County Armagh and Custos Rotulorum of Tyrone, holding both offices until his death in 1671. He was rewarded the governorship of Fort Charlemont for life in July of the same year, however sold this office to The Crown three years later. On 8 October 1665, he was created Viscount Charlemont, in the County of Armagh.
Family.
In 1653, he married Hon. Sarah Moore, second daughter of Charles Moore, 2nd Viscount Moore and had by her four sons and three daughters. She was the sister-of-law to Caulfeild's younger brother Thomas. Caulfeild died in April 1671 and was buried at St Patrick's Cathedral, Armagh on 25 May. His wife survived him until 1712. He was succeeded in his titles by his second and oldest surviving son William. His daughter Mary was the second wife of William Blayney, 6th Baron Blayney and his daughter Alice married firstly John, son of James Margetson and secondly George Carpenter, 1st Baron Carpenter. Caulfeild's youngest son John sat in the Parliament of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9753295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753295" title="Battle of Tétouan">
Battle of Tétouan

The Battle of Tetuán was fought in 1860, near Tetuán, Morocco, between a Spanish army sent to North Africa and the tribal levies comprising the Moroccan Army. The battle was part of the Spanish-Moroccan War of 1859-1860.
Background and battle.
The expeditionary Spanish force, which departed from Algeciras, was composed of 36,000 men, 65 pieces of artillery, and 41 ships, which included steamships, sailboats, and smaller vessels. General Leopoldo O'Donnell, 1st Conde de Lucena (later created Duque de Tetuán), a future Prime Minister of Spain, personally took charge of the expedition and divided these forces into three corps. These were commanded by General The 5th Marqués de Torreblanca, General Antonio Ros de Olano and General Ramón de Echagüe. Reserves were placed under the command of General The 1st Conde de Reus. Admiral Segundo Díaz Herrero commanded the fleet.
The objective of the Spanish forces was to take Tetuán.
Hostilities between Moroccan and Spanish troops began on 17 December 1859 when the column commanded by The Marqués de Torreblanca occupied the Sierra de Bullones. On 19 December, Echagüe captured the Palacio del Serrallo. The Conde de Lucena commanded a force that landed at Ceuta on 21 December. By Christmas Day, the three columns had consolidated their positions and awaited orders to advance towards Tetouan.
On 1 January 1860, the Conde de Reus advanced towards the port of Guad al Gelu. The Marqués de Torreblanca’s forces and the Royal Spanish Navy guarded his flank. Clashes continued until 31 January 1861, when a major Moroccan offensive was stopped. The Conde de Lucena began a march towards the objective of Tétouan, and was supported by forces composed of Catalan volunteers. Covering fire was provided by units commanded by General The Conde de Reus and General Ros de Olano. Spanish artillery decimated the Moroccan ranks; the Moroccan forces that remained took refuge in Tétouan. The city fell on 6 February 1860. A week of further fighting followed before hostilities ceased.
Outcome.
The capture of Tétouan prevented further attacks on Ceuta and Melilla by Moroccan forces. The Conde de Lucena returned with his forces to Spain; they camped at a spot north of Madrid while a triumphal entry into the capital was arranged. The camp, which acquired permanent structures as well as shops over time, became the Madrid neighbourhood known as Tetuán de las Victorias. In the aftermath of the battle, General Leopoldo O'Donnell, 1st Conde de Lucena, was elevated in the Spanish peerage to being The 1st Duque de Tetuán. He later served as President of the Council of Ministers (also known as the Prime Minister).
Cultual references.
Salvador Dalí painted a version of Fortuny’s painting of the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="9753296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753296" title="Mike Aspinall">
Mike Aspinall

Mike Aspinall (born 26 March 1983 in Leeds, West Yorkshire) is Director of Coaching at Harrogate Rugby Union Football Club, a rugby union club that plays in the English National Three North league. He has been the club's Head Coach and leading points scorer for the past six seasons.
Before moving into coaching full-time, Mike enjoyed a very successful playing career for Saracens, Leeds Tykes/Carnegie, Harrogate and Hull Ionians. He was also capped by England U18 in 2001. His specialist position is scrum-half, but in recent years he has regularly appeared at fly-half.
Mike became Head Coach at Harrogate in 2007 and following a strong few seasons for the club was invited by Andy Key and Neil Back to join the Leeds Carnegie backroom staff in 2010 for their assault on the Premiership. Throughout his time at Leeds Mike continued to play and coach at Harrogate, overseeing a record equaling 12 game victory streak. 
Having left the Carnegie set-up in the summer of 2012, Mike returned to Harrogate full-time to concentrate on his RFU Level 4 coaching course and broaden his experiences. In August 2012, Mike was appointed Head Coach at Manchester University and introduced a new coach mentoring system at Harrogate. 

</doc>
<doc id="9753299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753299" title="Joseph W. Wenzel">
Joseph W. Wenzel

Joseph W. Wenzel (1933--) is an American argumentation and rhetorical scholar. He is Professor Emeritus at the University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana.
He has lectured in Austria, France, Belgium, Germany, Italy, and the Netherlands. He has published in "Communication Monographs, Journal of the American Forensic Association, Quarterly Journal of Speech, and Argumentation."
His students include Dale Hample, Daniel J. O'Keefe, and Charles Arthur Willard. His seminal contribution to argument theory appears in 1979: ‘Jurgen Habermas and the Dialectical Perspective on Argumentation’, "Journal of the American Forensic Association" 16, 83–94. He has published 30 articles and book chapters on topics in rhetoric and argumentation. He received awards for publications from the Midwest Forensic Association and the American Forensic Association. He has been a frequent presenter at conferences in America and abroad, including a keynote address at the First International Conference on Argumentation in Amsterdam in 1986. He was Editor of the Journal of the American Forensic Association, 1983–86, and has served on the editorial boards of "Argumentation, Central States Speech Journal, Communication Monographs, Informal Logic and Quarterly Journal of Speech." 

</doc>
<doc id="9753315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753315" title="Sony Ericsson W200">
Sony Ericsson W200

The Sony Ericsson W200i Walkman is a cellphone measuring 101 × 44 × 18mm (3.9 × 1.7 × 0.7 inches) and weighs 85g (3 oz). It features a VGA camera, an FM radio, and Sony's Walkman software, although it lacks Bluetooth.
The screen size is 128×160 pixels and the internal memory is an average 27MB but this may be expanded using a Memory Stick Micro (M2).
The phone is Triband so it can use the GSM 900, 1800 & 1900 networks.
The W200 is available in four colors, Rhythm Black, Pulse White, Grey and Aquatic White.
UK mobile firm Orange released it in a Passion Pink.
This mobile is an upgrade to the popular K310 camera phone. 
It has a VGA camera that features 4x Digital Zoom and can take pictures up to a resolution of 640x480 pixels hardware or 1280x960 pixels with software interpolation. It also has Video Recording (3GP with AMR Audio) up to 176x144 pixels.
The included Memory Stick Micro is big enough to store 30+ songs and can be replaced with a card up to 2GB (8GB supported if the M2 is formatted in FAT32 format). It also has an FM radio which supports the RDS function.
The W200 interface and OS is closely similar to its predecessor Sony Ericsson W300i which has been one the best selling Sony Ericsson phones. (see List of best-selling mobile phones)
Release.
Sony Ericsson W200 was announced in the second quarter of 2007. It was released in three variants: W200a (for the Americas), W200c (for China) and W200i (rest of the world). All the three variants had minor differences, like the languages available in the phone. Sony Ericsson launched W200i as the budget Walkman phone. It retailed at about USD 150 at its launch in the US. In UK it was initially available for 200 pounds and subsequently its price dropped to a 100 pounds.
Reception.
W200 is mainly aimed for the youth who are looking for a reasonable yet a good quality music phone. W200 provides all the major music player features at almost half the price of any other phone in its category. This attribute was well appreciated by reviewers at different websites and magazines. CNET.uk said in its review: "The music features are one of the most impressive aspects of the handset." Many reviewers criticized the lack of Bluetooth, since it was a music phone, but acknowledged the high quality music output and the value for money. With such features, Sony Ericsson W200 has went on to become one of the best selling Walkman phones.

</doc>
<doc id="9753319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753319" title="Ulster American Folk Park">
Ulster American Folk Park

The Ulster American Folk Park is an open-air museum in Castletown, just outside Omagh, in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. The Park explores the historical link between Ulster and America, focusing particularly on the lifestyle and experiences of those immigrants who sailed from Ulster to America in the 18th and 19th centuries. It is one of the four museums included in National Museums Northern Ireland.
Contained within the park are around thirty buildings — some recreations, some painstakingly-restored originals. There are agricultural displays and animals on site, and visitors are offered samples of various local foods such as smoked salmon and bread, freshly cooked in the cottages that line the route of Park tours.
The park includes Mellon House, the birthplace of Irish-American banker and lawyer Thomas Mellon. The house and outbuildings remain in their original location.
The park is open throughout the year, excluding some public holidays.
Theme.
The museum is themed, with volunteers dressed in period costume, often demonstrating techniques used in day-to-day tasks and occupational skills such as bread making, cooking, arts and crafts, embroidery, spinning, printing and so on. Events are marked which cover the culture of both the New World and the Old World, such as U.S. Independence Day and Halloween. Festivals often take place including Saint Patrick's Day, Appalachian, Bluegrass, Irish folk music and dancing demonstrations. Exhibitions are often scheduled to promote cultural awareness, such as "Hands Across the Border".
The "Ulster-American" theme is highlighted by the layout and the information relayed, such as the fact that over two million people left Ulster for North America between the years 1700 and 1900.
Sections.
Research and education.
The entrance section includes accommodation for up to forty-six people, a restaurant, a visitors' information centre and the Centre for Migration Studies (CMS). The CMS has an attached library and offers, in conjunction with the University of Ulster and Queen's University of Belfast, postgraduate and undergraduate courses, as well as tailored and shorter courses; all of the courses concern the study of Irish migration from 1600 to the present day. The specialist research library contains some 10,000 volumes, over 50 periodicals, maps, audio-visual material, and a collection of primary source documents (the Irish Emigration Database) which is searchable on computer. The Centre is open to visitors during basic office hours, and closed during public holidays.
Old World.
The "Old World" region includes whole streets of original houses, an original printing press, a bank, an old police barracks, the old Castletown National School, and two churches. Central to this region is the boyhood home of Thomas Mellon, judge and founder of the Pittsburgh banking dynasty.
Some of the "two-up, two-down" houses in one of the reconstructed streets in the Park were transported in their entirety from Sandy Row, off the Donegall Road in Belfast, and other buildings have been transported from elsewhere in the province.
New World.
Linking the Old and New World sections of the park is the Ship and Dockside gallery, which includes the "Brig Union", a full-size replica of an immigrant sailing ship.
The historic atmosphere continues in the New World area, which features a recreated old American street with a tinsmith display and the original interior of a Virginia General Store. Beyond the street, the frontier journey begins with a stop at the 1720s Fulton stone house, painstakingly dismantled in Lancaster County Pennsylvania and rebuild here.Other original frontier houses that you come across in a journey through the 'America' part of the museum is an Appalachian log house from Washington county west Pennsylvania, the 1830 West Virginia home of Richard McCallister removed from Cabell county, and soon to be opened, a brick plantation house built by Francis Rogan in the early 1800s near Nashville in Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="9753326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753326" title="Ken Ono">
Ken Ono

Ken Ono (born 1968) is an American mathematician who specializes in number theory, especially in integer partitions, modular forms, and the fields of interest to Srinivasa Ramanujan. He was the Manasse Professor of Letters and Science and the Hilldale Professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
He is currently the Asa Griggs Candler Professor of Mathematics at Emory University.
Career.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago in 1989, where he was a member of the Psi Upsilon fraternity. He earned his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Ono's contributions include several monographs and over 140 research and popular articles in number theory, combinatorics, and algebra. He is considered to be an expert in the theory of integer partitions and modular forms. In 2000 he 'greatly' expanded Ramanujan's theory of partition congruences, and in work with Kathrin Bringmann he has made important contributions to the theory of Maass forms, functions which include Ramanujan's mock theta functions as examples. In 2007 Don Zagier gave a Seminar Bourbaki address on the work of Bringmann, Ono, and Zwegers on the mock theta functions. The 2009 SASTRA Ramanujan Prize, awarded to a young mathematician under the age of 32, has been awarded to Kathrin Bringmann for this joint work with Ono. In 2012 Ono made world news for his work proving the last open conjectures contained in Ramanujan's enigmatic death-bed letter to G. H. Hardy. 
Ono has received many awards for his research. In April 2000 he received the Presidential Career Award (PECASE) from Bill Clinton in a ceremony at the White House, and in June 2005 he received the National Science Foundation Director's Distinguished Teaching Scholar Award at the National Academy of Science. He has also won a Sloan Fellowship, a Packard Fellowship, and a Guggenheim Fellowship. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
In the 1980s he attended Towson High School. He left high school early to attend the University of Chicago and race bicycles. He was a member of the Pepsi-Miyata Cycling Team. In recent years, Ono has resumed athletic training as a runner, swimmer and cyclist; since 2012, he has competed in triathlons as a member of Team USA.
His father, Takashi Ono, is also a mathematician. His brother Santa J. Ono is an immunologist and President of the University of Cincinnati.
In 2011 Ono gave a TED talk. 
In a joint work with Jan Bruinier, he recently discovered a finite formula for computing partition numbers.
He stars in the 2013 docudrama "The genius of Srinivasa Ramanujan".
He is profiled in the May 2014 issue of Scientific American. 
Life.
Ken Ono now lives in Atlanta GA with his wife Erika, daughter Aspen, and son Sage.
Editorial Boards.
Ono is on the editorial board of thirteen journals:

</doc>
<doc id="9753329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753329" title="Armand Dufaux">
Armand Dufaux

Armand Dufaux (1883 - 1941) was a Swiss aviation pioneer who became famous for flying the length of Lake Geneva in 1910.
He and his brother, Henri Dufaux (1879-1980) were natives of Geneva. Their first design was a model helicopter weighing 17 kg (which successfully achieved flight in April, 1905), this was followed by a large eight-wing plane that was unable to fly, then a third design that crashed on its first flight.
The Dufaux 4 was their first successful craft. On 28 August 1910, Armand flew it from St. Gingolph to Geneva (c.40 mi. 64 km), taking just 56 minutes and 5 seconds, and winning the Perrot-Duval prize of 5,000 Swiss francs for the feat.
Later in 1910, the brothers established an aircraft business, and in 1911, sold their "Dufaux 5" to an 18-year-old Ernest Failloubaz, whose reconnaissance flights were the beginning of Swiss military aviation.
The Dufaux 4 is today on display at the Swiss Transport Museum. In 1997, Armand Dufaux was honored on a Swiss postage stamp, as one of four pioneers of Swiss aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="9753332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753332" title="Gender-related Development Index">
Gender-related Development Index

The Gender-related Development Index (GDI) and the Gender Empowerment Measure (GEM) were introduced in 1995 in the Human Development Report written by the United Nations Development Program. The aim of these measurements was to add a gender-sensitive dimension to the Human Development Index (HDI). The first measurement that they created as a result was the Gender-related Development Index (GDI). The GDI is defined as a “distribution-sensitive measure that accounts for the human development impact of existing gender gaps in the three components of the HDI” (Klasen 243). Distribution sensitive means that the GDI takes into account not only the average or general level of well-being and wealth within a given country, but focuses also on how this wealth and well-being is distributed between different groups within society. The HDI and the GDI (as well as the GEM) were created to rival the more traditional general income-based measures of development such as Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and Gross National Product (GNP).
Definition and calculation.
The GDI is often considered a “gender-sensitive extension of the HDI” (Klasen 245). It addresses gender-gaps in life expectancy, education, and incomes. It uses an “inequality aversion” penalty, which creates a development score penalty for gender gaps in any of the categories of the Human Development Index which include life expectancy, adult literacy, school enrollment, and logarithmic transformations of per-capita income. In terms of life expectancy, the GDI assumes that women will live an average of five years longer than men. Additionally, in terms of income, the GDI considers income-gaps in terms of actual earned income. The GDI cannot be used independently from the Human Development Index (HDI) score and so, it cannot be used on its own as an indicator of gender-gaps. Only the gap between the HDI and the GDI can actually be accurately considered; the GDI on its own is not an independent measure of gender-gaps.
Controversies.
General debates.
In the years since its creation in 1995, much debate has arisen surrounding the reliability, and usefulness of the Gender Development Index (GDI) in making adequate comparisons between different countries and in promoting gender-sensitive development. The GDI is particularly criticized for being often mistakenly interpreted as an independent measure of gender-gaps when it is not, in fact, intended to be interpreted in that way, because it can only be used in combination with the scores from the Human Development Index, but not on its own. Additionally, the data that is needed in order to calculate the GDI is not always readily available in many countries, making the measure very hard to calculate uniformly and internationally. There is also worry that the combination of so many different developmental influences in one measurement could result in muddled results and that perhaps the GDI (and the GEM) actually hide more than they reveal.
Debates surrounding the life expectancy adjustment.
More specifically, there has been a lot of debate over the life-expectancy component of the Gender-related Development Index (GDI). As was mentioned previously, the GDI life expectancy section is adjusted to assume that women will live, normally, five years longer than men. This provision has been debated, and it has been argued that if the GDI was really looking to promote true equality, it would strive to attain the same life-expectancy for women and men, despite what might be considered a biological advantage or not. However, this may seem paradoxical in terms of policy implications, because, theoretically, this could only be achieved through providing preferential treatment to males, effectively discriminating against females. Furthermore, it has been argued that the GDI doesn’t account for sex-selective abortion, meaning that the penalty levied against a country for gender inequality is less because it affects less of the population (see Sen, Missing Women).
Debates surrounding income gaps.
Another area of debate surrounding the Gender-related Development Index (GDI) is in the area of income gaps. The GDI considers income-gaps in terms of actual earned income. This has been said to be problematic because often, men may make more money than women, but their income is shared. Additionally, the GDI has been criticized because it does not consider the value of care work as well as other work performed in the informal sector (such as cleaning, cooking, housework, and childcare). Another criticism of the GDI is that it only takes gender into account as a factor for inequality, it does not, however, consider inequality among class, region or race, which could be very significant. Another criticism with the income-gap portion of the GDI is that it is heavily dependent on Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and Gross National Product (GNP). For most countries, the earned-income gap accounts for more than 90% of the gender penalty.
Suggested alternatives.
As was suggested by Halis Akder in 1994, one alternative to the Gender-related Development Index would be the calculation of a separate male and female Human Development Index (HDI). Another suggested alternative is the Gender Gap Measure which could be interpreted directly as a measure of gender inequality, instead of having to be compared to the Human Development Index (HDI) as the GDI is. It would average the female-male gaps in human development and use a gender-gap in labor force participation instead of earned income. In the 2010 Human Development Report, another alternative to the Gender-related Development Index (GDI), namely, the Gender Inequality Index (GII) was proposed in order to address some of the shortcomings of the GDI. This new experimental measure contains three dimensions: Reproductive Health, Empowerment, and Labor Market Participation.

</doc>
<doc id="9753335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753335" title="Traditions of Derry City F.C.">
Traditions of Derry City F.C.

This article documents numerous traditions of Derry City Football Club, including the culture associated with and surrounding the club, and its supporters.
The club's name.
When the club was first founded in 1928, it named itself Derry City Football Club, as opposed to using the official name of the city - Londonderry. Nationalists generally refer to the city as 'Derry', while unionists call it 'Londonderry'. At the time of the club's naming, however, the dispute would not have been as politicised as it is in the current day and those who founded the club specifically decided against using the name of the city's previous primary club, Derry Celtic F.C., with the aim of offering a more inclusive support-base to football fans in the city. Including "Celtic" in the club's name might have been perceived as being a strong statement of Irish nationalist identity and could have alienated Protestants in the city.
Colours and jerseys.
Derry City wore claret and blue jerseys with white shorts for their first season of football - 1929-30. These were the identical colours to those of Aston Villa, who were a globally renowned footballing power at the time. This scheme lasted until 1932, when the club's first change of colours saw the club directors decide that white jerseys with black shorts should be worn by the team for the 1932-33 season. The style, like that which had come before it, lasted just two seasons and was replaced by the now-traditional red and white "candystripes" with black shorts upon the club's changing of its official colours to that of the modern day for the beginning of the 1934-35 season.
The current colours of the red and white striped jersey with black shorts are derived from an early connection with Sheffield United, who wear the identical pattern. Specifically, the colour-change should be attributed to Billy Gillespie. Gillespie, a native of nearby Donegal, played for Sheffield United over a twenty-year period from 1913 until 1932, and scored over 137 league and cup goals in 492 games for the South Yorkshire side, as well as captaining them to FA Cup success in 1925. He was the club's most capped player with 25 for Ireland and had started out with Derry Celtic before embarking on a career across the Irish Sea. The man was held in such high regard in his home country that when he left United in 1932 to replace Joe McCleery as manager of Derry City, the club changed their strip to red and white stripes within two years of his arrival in reverence to him and his time at the Blades.
Derry have remained in the red and white stripes since, except for the seasons between 1956 and 1962, when the club's players donned an amber and black kit. Derry had been performing poorly and it was felt that a change of colour might help rejuvenate the team. At the time, the colours were strongly associated with Wolverhampton Wanderers, who were a power-house of English football during the 1950s. However, the colours brought Derry no such luck and were unpopular with the fans who sought a return of the by-then traditional red and white stripes. The seasons were a lean time for the club, with an Irish Cup final defeat to Glenavon FC in 1957 being the highlight.
A re-introduction of the "candystripes" for the 1962-63 season saw the fortunes of the club improve as Derry entered their most successful spell in the Irish League. The colours have been retained ever since. Jerseys over the years, although in keeping with the red and white tradition, have varied slightly in the sense that certain seasons saw Derry wear thinner stripes while others saw thicker or stripes with varying thicknesses being worn by the players on the field.Derry now wear white socks when sporting their full home rig, while they originally wore black ones. Similarly, the club adopted white shorts instead of black ones for a spell in the early 1970s and later in 1985 for their initial season in the League of Ireland. The club's away tops have varied in colour from plain white, to navy and green stripes, to white and light-blue stripes, and to black.
Derry have had their kits supplied by various manufacturers over the years, including Adidas, Avec, Erreà, Fila, Le Coq Sportif, Matchwinner, O'Neills, Spall and currently, Umbro. Commercial sponsorhip logos to appear on the front of shirt have included Northlands (a local alcohol and drugs treatment and awareness organisation), Warwick Wallpapers, Fruit of the Loom, Smithwick's, and AssetCo. Other sponsorship logos to have appeared on the sleeve have included the Trinity Hotel, Tigi Bed Head and Tigi Catwalk. For the 2007 season, the logos of local media, Q102.9 and the Derry News, appear on the back of the shirt just below the neck, along with the logo of Meteor Electrical on the jersey's front.
Crests.
Although the club did not traditionally sport a crest on the club jersey as the concept had not yet become popularised (probably due to the complications and vast time-consumption involved in mass-producing intricate designs before greater technological advancement occurred), throughout the years playing in the Irish League - and for most of the first season in the League of Ireland - Derry City used the coat of arms of the city, rather than having an exclusive crest of their own. This crest often appeared on club memorabilia such as scarves, hats and badges. The symbols on Derry's arms were, and still are, a skeleton, a three-towered castle, a red St. George's cross and sword. The sword and cross were devices of the City of London and, along with an Irish harp embedded within the cross, demonstrated the link between the two cities (The city's official name under UK law is, of course, Londonderry), in particular, the association with the Honourable the Irish Society which had been granted lands in and around the city in the past. The castle was thought to relate to a 13th or 14th century keep belonging to the local native chieftains. There were many theories about the skeleton; the most popular being that it is that of a Norman de Burca knight who was starved to death in the castle dungeons in 1332. This was accompanied by the Latin motto, ""Vita, veritas, victoria"", meaning "Life, truth, victory."
However, in April 1986, just under a year after the senior rebirth of the club and its entry into the League of Ireland, the club ran a competition in local schools to design a new crest for the football club. The winning entry was designed by John Devlin, a fourth-year student at St Columb's College, and made its debut on 5 May 1986 when Derry City entertained Nottingham Forest at Brandywell Stadium for a friendly match. The crest depicted a simplified version of the city's Foyle Bridge, which had opened 18 months previously, the traditional red and white candystripes associated with the shirt of the club bordered by thin black lines and the year in which Derry City was established as a club, as well as a football in the centre representing the fact that the club is a footballing entity. The club's anme featured in Impact font. This crest lasted until July 1997, when the current crest was unveiled at Lansdowne Road when Derry City played Celtic in a pre-season tournament. The modernised crest, once again, featured a centred football, the club's name and the year of founding. The famous red a white candystripes were present along with a red mass of colour filling the left half of the crest, separated from the right by a white stripe. Known cultural landmarks or items associated with the city are absent from the badge. The origins of this crest are not fully known and the reason for the change in 1997 has never been explained by the club, although it is likely that the club simply wished to develop a fresher, more contemporary image with a minimalist design and also because the Foyle Bridge was no longer as novel, trendy or innovative a feature as it were in the mid-to-late 1980s.
Rivalries.
A friendly rivalry is currently maintained with local Donegal club, Finn Harps. While both have encountered times of financial trouble in recent years, they have often been helped by the other in this regard. Their success cannot be said to have occurred without this. Finn Harps were one of the major proponents of Derry's joining of the League of Ireland in 1985. Phil Coulter is known as a fan of both sides, and has been instrumental in keeping them as operational football clubs. With Derry now consistently staying in the top-tier and Finn Harps having a hard time maintaining top-flight status, their much-anticipated Northwest derby is now a rarer affair than it once was. Derry also share a northwest derby game with Sligo Rovers, although Sligo is not in as close proximity to Derry as Ballybofey is.
The mid-eighties saw Derry's biggest rivalry coming in the form of Dublin's St. Patrick's Athletic - a side which contained former Republic of Ireland international and Middlesbrough defender, Curtis Fleming, TV3 pundit Paul Osam and ex Derry manager, Pat Fenlon. In recent years, Dublin's Shelbourne FC were seen as top-of-the-table rivals with games between the two often being crucial to the ultimate winning of the league. In turn, these games were often very exciting six-pointers.
There is another club in Derry known as Institute FC, but because the clubs play under different associations no intense footballing rivalry exists, although Institute generally take their support from the city's Protestant or unionist community, as opposed to Derry City, who generally take theirs from the Catholic or nationalist one.
During Derry's time in the Irish League, south Belfast's successful Linfield FC were commonly viewed as the team to beat. Derry also enjoyed an intense rivalry with fellow North West club Coleraine FC. A number of Protestants from Derry follow Coleraine. In 1995 Coleraine and Derry played a two-legged, cross-association Irish News Cup semi-final. Coleraine won the first leg at the Brandywell 2-0 before a scoreless draw in the second leg at Coleraine. Coleraine brought a huge support to the Brandywell but Derry fans chose to boycott the return leg at the Showgrounds for one reason or another.
Match-day programme.
"Cityview" is the name of the club's official match programme. Since 1985, League of Ireland match-day experiences at Brandywell stadium have been augmented by the programme. Every league, FAI Cup, League Cup, and European fixture over the past 22 years has been catered for from the day the late Paddy Doherty put pen to paper in the summer of 1985 right up to the articles which are currently being created for the 2007 season.
"Cityview" provides loyal Derry City fans and supporters of opposition clubs visiting the Brandywell with information on current affairs within the world of Irish football; League of Ireland, Irish League, Setanta Cup, European, and world football news; player profiles, statistics and interviews; team news and information on player injuries and suspensions; fan views and opinion pieces from long-serving contributors; a fan focus; a regular message from the manager; a half-time quiz; a layout of Brandywell stadium and safety directives; Derry City's history and honours; under-21 and under-18 sections; and an editorial on the game and opposition.
"Cityview" has gone from strength-to-strength in recent years. On various occasions in Derry City’s highly successful 2006 campaign, "Cityview" sold more than 1,000 copies in an hour prior to the game. It is estimated that Derry City’s programme committee met the demand for in the region of 20,000 copies last season, and seek to better that over the course of the 2007 season. Fully supported by local, national, and international corporate entities, "Cityview" provides prospective sponsors with the ability to not only align themselves with the success of Derry City, but to actually make a valuable contribution to that success. The benefit to each advertiser is that in excess of 15,000 copies are sold sporting their advertisement or sponsorship. "Cityview" is open to submissions from supporters of the club in general and aims to air the views of everyone who elects to contribute to the content of the programme. The price of the programme for the 2007 season is £2 at games, all of which goes directly towards the future development of the club and its finances, as well as ensuring that League of Ireland football remains at the forefront of sporting life in the city.
As of the 2007 season, a single issue or an entire season's copies are available to purchase online from anywhere in the world after the programme committee decided that Derry City supporters around the globe should have the opportunity to purchase the club’s official match-day programme. "Cityview" arrives in the hands of football fans hot off the press at the Brandywell, and fans of the Candystripes from around the world who order their subscription have their copy of "Cityview" dispatched to them on the day of the game.
Supporters.
By Irish footballing standards, Derry City have a relatively large and deeply loyal fan-base. Upon the club's entry into the League of Ireland in 1985, crowds of 10,000 regularly flocked to the Brandywell to see their team. The "red and white army", as they are known in reference to the club's red and white colours, are regarded as being one of the largest, noisiest and most colourful groups following a team in the League of Ireland. Derry's average home attendance of 3,127 was the highest of any league team for the 2006 season and they are known to bring substantial numbers to away games, despite their isolation in the north-west. Furthermore, the highest attendance in the Premier Division was the last-night-of-the-season meeting between Derry City and Cork City FC at the Brandywell on Friday 17 November when 6,080 watched Derry exact some measure of revenge for their defeat in the reverse of the fixture the season before (which incidentally was also the highest attendance in 2005). Derry's supporters gave their team remarkable support in the club's UEFA Cup run during the 2006 season – around 3,000 travelled to Motherwell to see Derry beat Gretna FC 5-1 in Fir Park, while over 2,000 made their way to Paris to see their team play PSG in the Parc des Princes. Fans often use the high vantage point of the City Cemetery in Creggan to view games for which they have failed to source tickets or simply to view the games at a distance for free.
The club is renowned for its warm, close-knit, community spirit and the supporters have played a pivotal role in the survival and successes of the club over the years. When massive debts brought Derry close to extinction in the 2000-01 season, the local community responded en masse and saved the club. During the club's successful 2006 season, club legend, Peter Hutton said:
Support for the club crosses numerous social boundaries. Many fans reside in working class areas, such as the nearby Brandywell, Creggan and Bogside, while others are derived from more affluent regions of the city, like Culmore. While the Cityside is commonly seen as the traditional base of the club, and especially the Brandywell area, the Waterside area of the city, with its sizable Protestant population, boasts a significant support base. Despite the perception of Derry City being a nationalist-supported club, it does have numerous supporters who would be of a Protestant upbringing. With the city viewed as a focal point of culture and activity serving the north-west region of Ireland, Derry's support stretches beyond the urban border of the city and into the surrounding county. Limavady contains a significant support base, as does Strabane in nearby County Tyrone and even areas of bordering County Donegal.
Derry City Chat is a supporters' discussion forum website run by fans of the club. The club itself has from time-to-time made announcements on this forum.
Supporters' clubs.
There are a number of supporter groups following Derry City, including: 
Brandywell Pride was founded in 1997 by a group of supporters who had been travelling to Derry City's away games for a number of years. Presently, the club has around 30 core-members, who travel week-in and week-out to support Derry City, five of whom form the club's organising committee. The committee members are Gerry Houston (Chairman), Brian Martin (Vice-Chairman), Fergal Tuffy (Treasurer), Adrian McGowan and Gary Barnfield. 
The group aims to assist Derry City and club officials in any way possible, from dealing with ticket allocations to providing player sponsorship. It has been in a position to buy shares in the club itself, as well contributing to several fund-raising drives by selling tickets. The Brandywell Pride Supporters Club has several main goals. They aim to: support Derry City in attempting to be the biggest club in Ireland, through fundraising and generating support on the terraces, both home and away; to provide Derry supporters with an opportunity to attend as many games as possible; to utilise drums, instruments, flags and other equipment to create as noisy and colourful an atmosphere as is possible; to attract younger members of the community to attend the Brandywell in support of their local team and experience the ups and downs of live football often denied to them due to a developed Irish tradition of supporting English or Scottish teams; and to assist Derry City in whatever way possible, including working with various other supporters clubs and voluntary organisations ensuring that the club reaches its potential. Primarily the club is about colour and noise that contribute to the friendly and enjoyable atmosphere in the Brandywell and various away grounds on match-days.
The supporters club has gone from strength to strength since its founding and has received considerable media attention, featuring on both the BBC and UTV. On 24 August 2006, Kevin "Scaldy" Cairns of the club, who beats a bass drum during games, received a reception from the Mayor of Derry, Helen Quigley, at the city's Guildhall for his dedication and commitment in supporting Derry City. Tommy "Harmonica" Gallagher is also a stalwart and has been an ever-present member since the club's initiation playing songs and melodies all over Ireland, with his trademark tune being his own version of the old Irish favourite "Whiskey in the Jar'. "However, Tommy has since stopped playing the harmonica for the Brandywell Pride and has been replaced by Barry 'the young joker 
The club holds monthly meetings in the Oak Grove Bar in Bishop Street, Derry. Here, the club has its own club room, fully furnished with various items of club memorabilia. The Oak Grove is a popular haunt for pre and post-match refreshments, where every kick is previewed and replayed. Brandywell Pride also holds an annual prize giving night for the Derry City players at the close of each season within the establishment. 
Formed following a discussion in Derry City's chatroom during a match in May 2006, the club has members in Austria, Canada, England, the Isle of Man, Italy, Scotland, the USA and beyond. The total membership numbers 23 and includes an honorary member, David Tennant. They presented their first 'Player of the Year' award to Ciaran Martyn in 2006.
The Dublin Supporters Club was officially set up in 2006, but it had been unofficially running for many years prior to that. The aim of the club is to allow Derry City fans based in Dublin to meet up and arrange travels to home and away games, as well as to help organise meeting in the city before the numerous games that the club plays in Dublin each year. During the 2006 season the club had 25 members. 
The Pride of Northside Supporters Club was founded in 1994 by a group of Derry City supporters and has since grown to establish itself amongst the community as a highly respectable organisation. The club is diverse with, currently, 20 core-members. The club has members across the community, both men and woman, and they consider themselves non-sectarian, non-sexist and non-racist. The main aim is to assist in the promotion and support of Derry City Football Club in the community and football generally. Furthermore, the club provides an opportunity to travel to home and away fixtures. However, the Pride of Northside group is not just about football; throughout the year other private functions are organised, such as outings to the theatre or fishing trips. Also, in the first week of June, the group arranges a week's holiday with usually 15 members attending. The club enjoys a good time overall, both home and away.
The official website is filled with general information, including details regarding membership, coach details, post-match analysis and plans for meetings in addition to many photos.
The club had run in the 1980s and 90s but was reformed in 2003 to try to help City fans based in Belfast to attend games at home and away. The club is based at the Queen's University and takes advantage of the funds and facilities on offer to clubs and societies there, even though a large number of members are non-students, be they graduates of Queen's, or indeed just Derry folk based in Belfast and the surrounding area. The club tries to cater for all City fans based east of the Bann and makes pick-ups at various points on their way to and from games.
The Treble Army supporters club was set up by a group of Derry City supporters in December 2005. The club currently has 24 official members. The name was suggested by a club member and is a reference to Derry's historic treble-winning team of 1989. The club chairperson is Sean Grant, the vice-chairperson is Conor Duddy, the club secretary is Finnuala McCartney and Nicola Moran is the club's treasurer.
The Derry City United Supporters Club was founded in 2007 and is made up entirely of non-nationals residing in the city of Derry. The club has 25 members from all over the world including Africa, South America and Europe and countries such as Iran, Nicaragua, Côte d'Ivoire, El Salvador, Honduras and Belize. The formation of the supporters club was facilitated by Eddie Kerr, the director of the non-national support organisation, SEEDS.
Notable supporters.
Notable fans of Derry City and famous public faces seen supporting the club have included:
Songs and chants of support.
Derry fans have formed many variations of existing popular songs in order to adapt and create songs and chants of their own. A proportion of these express the fans' undying loyalty for the team, which they swear will remain as strong as ever through thick and thin. Examples include:
The fans also regularly sing verses of "Teenage Kicks" by the Derry band, The Undertones, viewing it as somewhat of a city anthem. Chants heard from the stands include the timed repetition of the phrase ""red and white army"" and the continental-like shout of ""D-C-F-C, allez, allez, allez"". The latter is a chant derived from the supporters' 2006 UEFA Cup experience in Paris and is often accompanied by a performance of the "Grecque", which is popular amongst fans of PSG and had been enacted by them on the night. It was also imitated by Derry fans for the first time during the game along with the opposition fans.
In popular culture.
Derry City have made numerous appearances in popular and general culture. In the world of music, the club was given exposure by Derry punk band, The Undertones, who had the cover of their 1980 hit single, "My Perfect Cousin", feature a Subbuteo figure sporting the colours of Derry City. The song's video saw the group's front-man, Feargal Sharkey, kick and leap to head a ball while wearing the red and white jersey. Similarly, on the cover of their second ever single, "Get Over You", the words "Derry City F.C." can be seen.
The club has also featured on popular television. Because they are a club based in Northern Ireland playing in the league of the Republic of Ireland they often receive the attention of broadcasters in both jurisdictions. A bizarre own-goal, in which the opposition goal-keeper was lobbed from outside the box by a player from his own team, scored by Finn Harps' Terry Leake for Derry City during a 1989–90 season Brandywell-meeting once appeared on the "What happened next?" round of the BBC's "A Question of Sport". Furthermore, in the BBC documentary series "Who Do You Think You Are?" shown the night before Derry's clash with Paris St. Germain in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup's First Round, it was highlighted that Archie McLeod, the grandfather of David Tennant, the tenth "Doctor Who", was a Derry City player. Derry had supplied a lucrative signing-on fee and had enticed him over from the highlands of Scotland. Likewise, features about the club were run by "Football Focus" prior to and after the same UEFA Cup game. Irish television has also featured the club. Derry City played in the first League of Ireland match ever to be shown live on television when they visited Tolka Park to play Shelbourne during the 1996–97 season. The game was broadcast on RTÉ's Network 2 and finished 1–1 with Gary Beckett scoring for Derry. In addition, during an 8 January 2007 episode of RTÉ's "The Panel", Irish comedian, Karl Spain, was seen drinking from a mug displaying the crest of Derry City. Although Spain himself is not known to be a fan of Derry, one of the shows producers, Seamus Cassidy from Derry, is. During the next show one week later, fellow comedian, Dara Ó Briain, was also seen drinking from the mug. On 22 January 2007 the mug was seen in the hands of a third panellist, Irish television and radio personality, Ray D'Arcy.
Another medium to play host to the club has been the radio. On 20 April 2005, Derry City featured in an audio documentary "The Blues and the Candy Stripes" on RTÉ Radio 1's "Documentary on One". The documentary was produced in the aftermath of the historic friendly game between Derry and Linfield that took place on 22 February 2005 — the first between the two teams to occur since a game on 25 January 1969 during which Linfield's fans had to be evacuated from the Brandywell by police at half-time due to civil unrest and ugly scenes within the ground. The 2005 match was organised as somewhat of a security test in the run-up to the likely possibility that both teams, with socially polar fan-bases, would qualify for and be drawn against one another in a near-future Setanta Cup competition.
Moreover, the club has appeared in a joke perpetrated by local printed press outlet, the "Derry Journal", who once reported that Gary Lineker had signed for Derry. However, the date of the publication was 1 April, and the story was an April Fools' prank.

</doc>
<doc id="9753377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753377" title="Dasylirion texanum">
Dasylirion texanum

Dasylirion texanum, the Texan Sotol and Sotol, is a monocot flowering plant native to central and southwestern Texas and in Coahuila state of northeastern Mexico, including the Chihuahuan Desert.
Description.
The grass-like plant is typically smaller than other Dasylirions, with small crowns and trunks usually less than 1.5 feet, with long foliage reaching 3–6 ft.
Uses.
Food.
Indigenous peoples of the region pit-bake the crowns to dry and pound them into flour in order to make bread.
Cultivation.
"Dasylirion texanum" is cultivated in by specialty plant nurseries and available as an ornamental plant for native plant, drought tolerant, natural landscape, and habitat gardens; and for ecological restoration projects.

</doc>
<doc id="9753414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753414" title="Cheryl Coakley-Rivera">
Cheryl Coakley-Rivera

Cheryl A. Coakley-Rivera (previously Cheryl A. Rivera) is an American politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A Democrat, she served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1999 to 2014.
In the legislature, she represented the Tenth Hampden district, centered on her hometown of Springfield. She is chaired the Joint Committee on Labor and Workforce Development.
She is an attorney and earned a Juris Doctor (J.D.) from Western New England College School of Law in 1995. She had previously earned a BA at Northeastern University. In 1998, following the death of Anthony M. Scibelli, who had held the seat for 40 years, Coakley-Rivera ran successfully for the House of Representatives, becoming the first Hispanic woman elected to the Massachusetts legislature. She took office the following January and has been re-elected biennially ever since, taking 85% of the vote in 2008.
She resigned in 2014 to accept an appointment as assistant clerk of the Hampden County Superior Court.
She was previously known as Cheryl A. Rivera. In March 2006, she changed her name in honor of her mother, Barbara Coakley Rivera, who had died the previous year. Her sister and nephew similarly changed their names.
She is a lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="9753416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753416" title="Antonio McKee">
Antonio McKee

Antonio De Carlo McKee (born March 12, 1970) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division and is the former Maximum Fighting Championship Lightweight Champion. He has also competed in the UFC, the Tokyo Sabres in the IFL, Dream, K-1 Hero's, King of the Cage, World Fighting Alliance, and is currently signed to the World Series of Fighting organization.
Background.
McKee was born in Las Vegas, Nevada and lived in Nashville, Tennessee, Dayton, Ohio, and South Central Los Angeles as his mother was a traveling entertainer. McKee did not know who his father was and McKee himself had a troubled upbringing as he was a victim of molestation, was homeless, and was in and out of jail, before he found wrestling at Long Beach Polytechnic High School. McKee excelled at the sport, becoming a two-time state champion in the 138-142 pounds division from 1987-1988 despite being academically ineligible for most of the 1988 season, competing in only 16 matches. He went on to be a two-time state champion for Cerritos College as well as a two-time CCCAA All-American in his two seasons from 1988-1989 in the 142 pounds weight class and held a 61-0 record from 1988-1989. McKee has also opened a gym and a security company and coaches the varsity team for no charge at his alma matter high school. McKee was also the founder of the Local Lucha Libre Wrestling (LLLW) in his hometown. During his long wrestling career, he competed with the likes of Heath Sims, Dan Henderson, and John Smith.
Mixed martial arts.
In his professional mixed martial arts debut, McKee received a win over journeyman Shannon Ritch.
Mckee told the LA Times that he used to train by paying his gangster friends 500 dollars apiece to fight him in his garage.
Antonio is also credited with establishing an elite MMA training center, "BodyShop Fitness" in Lakewood, CA where fighters such as Quinton "Rampage" Jackson and the former Tokyo Sabres team have trained. Mckee also asserts that his wrestling is among the best in MMA.
McKee is currently in production on his new reality show "Fight School TV."
McKee's fought at MFC 22 where he again used his solid wrestling skills to earn a unanimous decision victory over Carlo Prater. The match should have been for the MFC Lightweight Championship but Prater did not make weight. Previously McKee won the MFC Lightweight Championship by defeating Derrick Noble by unanimous decision (49-46 on all three of the judges scorecards).
Criticized for the number of decisions on his win record, McKee promised his next fight would end in a stoppage or he would retire from the sport.
IFL.
Mckee was the subject an MMA program on television as part of the IFL's programming 
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On September 15, 2010, MMAJunkie reported that McKee had signed a four-fight deal with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
McKee asserted to the LA Times that UFC president Dana White "comes off like a drunk sailor."
On October 2, 2010, it was announced that McKee would make his debut at UFC 125 against Jacob Volkmann. Regarding the bout, McKee said that Volkmann did not have the drive to be a UFC fighter, and after his loss, should seek a different career path. McKee would suffer his first loss in nearly eight years after losing the fight via split decision (29-28, 29-28, 28-29). After the loss, he was cut from the UFC roster in what has since been described as a "loser leaves town" match
Back To Maximum Fighting Championships.
After his UFC release, McKee returned to the Maximum Fighting Championship where he was supposed to defend his lightweight title against Drew Fickett but suffered a knee injury in training. McKee then vacated his title, although there is some dispute as to whether he gave it up voluntarily, which he denies, or whether he was stripped of the title.
DREAM.
He was to face Shinya Aoki on May 29, 2011 in Japan for Dream but withdrew from the match. 
Maximum Fighting Championships.
McKee was expected to defend his Lightweight Title against Brian Cobb at MFC 32, but came in 7 pounds over the 155 limit. He was fined 20% of his purse, the fight was turned into a 3-round non-title bout, and McKee was stripped of his title. McKee controlled round one and two of the bout before slowing down and being dominated in the final round. McKee was awarded a 29-28 victory from all the judges. MFC owner Mark Pavelich asserted that after missing weight McKee would never fight for MFC again, nor would he ever hold the belt again.

</doc>
<doc id="9753436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753436" title="Edgartown Yacht Club">
Edgartown Yacht Club

The Edgartown Yacht Club.
The Edgartown Yacht Club is a private yacht club located in Edgartown, Massachusetts on the island of Martha's Vineyard. The club was founded on January 5, 1905, and Edward H. Raymond was named its first commodore. The Edgartown Yacht Club's current clubhouse was completed in 1927, and is located on Dock Street in downtown Edgartown. 
The club also includes a "Junior Yacht Club" created in 1923. In the words of the Edgartown Yacht Club website "The Club sponsored the formation of the Edgartown Junior Yacht Club, one of the first of its kind, to encourage young people to learn sailing, seamanship, racing rules and tactics and other phases of yachting. Since that time, our juniors have had their own clubhouse and elected their own officers and committees, while competing in races and participating in other marine outings. At present, the Club owns a fleet of 30 + Optimist sailing dinghies, 22 420’s and a few Rhodes 19s and Lasers. The summer program is under the direction of an experience staff of 10 or more instructors lead by the Sailing Director" 
Tennis At The Club.
The Edgartown Yacht Club also has a very popular tennis program, and operates seven Har-Tru courts and four all weather courts. Teams from the Edgartown Yacht club compete against teams from other clubs, including arch-rival Nantucket Yacht Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="9753441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753441" title="Białystok Voivodeship (1919–39)">
Białystok Voivodeship (1919–39)

"See also: Białystok Voivodeship (1945–1975) and" "Białystok Voivodeship (1975–1998)"
Białystok Voivodeship () was an administrative unit of interwar Poland (1918–1939). It ceased to exist in September 1939, following the German and Soviet invasion of Poland.
Area and location.
In interwar Poland (1918–1939), Bialystok Voivodeship was located in mid-northern part of the country. It bordered Germany (East Prussia) to north-west, Lithuania to north-east, Wilno Voivodeship and Nowogródek Voivodeship to the east, Polesie Voivodeship and Lublin Voivodeship to the south and Warsaw Voivodeship to the west. Its area was 26 036 km². Landscape was flat, with the mighty Bialowieza Forest located right in the middle.
Population.
Inhabited mostly by Poles (in 1931 they made 66.9% of the population), it also had significant Belarusian (16.3%) and Jewish (12.1%) minorities. Interesting is the fact that in 1931, 2.8% claimed Russian as their native tongue. Population, according to the 1931 Polish census was 1 263 300.
According to Polish data from April 1939, the population of Białystok voivodship was divided as follows: 71,1% Poles, 13,5% Belarussians, 11,9% Jews, 2,2% Russians, 0,9% Lithuanians, 0,5% Germans.
History.
From 10 July 1930 to the end of February 1934, Marian Zyndram-Kościałkowski was the Voivode of Białystok. During this time, he streamlined administration, increased supervision of officials, and prioritized the development of sewers and streets in Bialystok. He also founded the Regional Committee for Unemployment, as well as had their share in the creation of the Agricultural Chamber of Białystok and ensuring the participation of entrepreneurs in the second Bialystok Fair Vilnius. He was also one of the founders of Jagiellonia Białystok Sports Club (of which he was honorary president of the club).
In November 1930, Marian Zyndram-Kościałkowski once again became a member of Parliament (he was 17th on the list of the Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government (BBWR).
In 1932, Zyndram-Kościałkowski remained at the disposal of the Head of the Department and the Ministry of Defense Corps.
Administrative divisions.
1919–1938.
The Voivodeship consisted of thirteen counties ("powiaty"):
1938–1939.
After 1 April 1938, the Voivodeship consisted of ten counties:
Cities and towns.
According to the 1931 census, the biggest cities were:
Railroads and industry.
In the interwar period, Bialystok Voivodeship was part of the so-called "Poland B". This meant that it was underdeveloped, with 23.1% of population illiterate. Railroad network was scarce (total length 1 377 km., density - 4.2 per 100 km²), forested areas covered 24.4% of Voivodeship's area. The city of Bialystok (whose population reached 107 000 in 1939), was Voivodeship's lone industrial center. Agriculture was at a low level.

</doc>
<doc id="9753465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753465" title="Plasmodium caprae">
Plasmodium caprae

Plasmodium caprae is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. caprae" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are domestic goats, "Capra aegagrus". The specific epithet for "P. caprae", "caprae," comes from the genus name, ""Capra"," for the goat. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by de Mello and Paes in 1923. 
It was originally classified as "Laverania caprae". "Laverania" is now recognised as a subgenus of "Plasmodium" and the correct current designation is "Plasmodium caprae".
Geographical occurrence.
This species was described in Angola, Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9753470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753470" title="Syracuse Symphony Orchestra">
Syracuse Symphony Orchestra

The Syracuse Symphony Orchestra (SSO) was a 79 member orchestra located in Syracuse, NY. In its time it was the 43rd largest orchestra in the United States and performed a variety of programs including the Post-Standard Classics Series and M&T Bank Pops Series. The orchestra also operated two youth orchestras in the Syracuse area: the Syracuse Symphony Youth Orchestra and the Syracuse Symphony Youth String Orchestra.
History.
It was founded in 1961 as a community orchestra by a grant from the Gifford Foundation. Its first Music Director was Karl Kritz, assisted by Benson Snyder and Carolyn Hopkins. In its first season it performed four subscription concerts at the Lincoln High School and eight young people's concerts plus one pops concert.
By the end of its third season, permanent chamber groups had been formed - a string quartet, a woodwind quintet, a brass quintet and a percussion ensemble.
Assisted by a Ford Foundation Challenge Grant, their budget grew, and recordings were regularly being broadcast on WONO-FM. A new location was found for their regular concerts - the Henninger High School, and regional concerts in Watertown, Rome and Cortland followed.
In 1975, the orchestra moved into its last home, the Crouse-Hinds Theater in the John H. Mulroy Civic Center Theaters at Oncenter.
In 2011, the Syracuse Symphony Orchestra filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy; a core group of forty musicians continued as self-managed Symphony Syracuse. On December 14, 2012, musician-owned and operated organization Musical Associates of Central New York announced their new orchestra in Syracuse, named Symphoria.
Programming.
In addition to its main series of programs, the Post-Standard Classics Series, M&T Bank Pops Series, Central New York Community Foundation Family Series, and the Stained Glass Series, the Syracuse Symphony Orchestra took part in local educational youth programs, and free summer parks concerts. It also played for Syracuse Opera performances. 
Performances were broadcast twice weekly on WCNY-FM.
Awards.
In 1999 the orchestra was presented with the Governor’s Arts Award in recognition of its activities within the region.
Finances.
The orchestra was a non-profit organization which was supported in part through its volunteer organization, the Syracuse Symphony Association and a 60-member board of directors. 
Twice in its history the orchestra had been forced to cut short its season due to budgetary issues. The first time was in the spring of 1992 and the second in the spring of 2011. In both cases the orchestra could not raise enough funds to cover its operating budget for the year.
In early April 2011, the orchestra announced plans to file for bankruptcy under Chapter 7, a chapter of the U.S. bankruptcy code that indicates that the organization planned to liquidate itself and go out of operation. Unfunded pension obligations were blamed.

</doc>
<doc id="9753495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753495" title="Black Girl (film)">
Black Girl (film)

Black Girl is a 1966 film by the Senegalese writer and director Ousmane Sembène, starring Mbissine Thérèse Diop. Its original French title is La Noire de..., which means "The black girl of...", as in "someone's black girl". The film centers on a young Senegalese woman who moves from Senegal to France to work for a rich French couple. It was the director's first feature-length film. It is often considered the first Sub-Saharan African film by an African filmmaker to receive international attention.
Plot.
Diouana, a young Senegalese woman, moves from Dakar, Senegal to Antibes, France to work for a rich French couple. In France, Diouana hopes to continue her former nanny job and anticipates a cosmopolitan lifestyle. But from her arrival in Antibes, Diouana experiences harsh treatment from the couple, who force her to work as a full servant. She becomes increasingly aware of her constrained and alienated situation and starts to question her life in France.
Themes.
This film addresses the effects of colonialism, racism and post-colonial identity in Africa and Europe. These themes are highlighted through the recurring appearance of the African mask Diouana gives to her employers on her first day of work at the house. The mask is hung on the wall in the French couple's Senegalese apartment, along with other pieces of African art.
Significance.
In his 1997 book "Movies as Politics", Jonathan Rosenbaum makes a case for "Black Girl" as the symbolic genesis of sub-Saharan African filmmaking, at least to the extent that the authorship belonged to a born and bred African.

</doc>
<doc id="9753497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753497" title="John C. Sullivan">
John C. Sullivan

John C. Sullivan (died 1830) was a surveyor who established the Indian Boundary Line and the Sullivan Line which were to form the boundary between Native Americans and white settlers in Indian Territory from Iowa to Texas.
Following the Indian Removal Act in 1830 all Native Americans west of the Mississippi River and many east of the river were moved west of the Indian Boundary Line. In 1838 disputes over the Sullivan Line were to touch off the bloodless Honey War over the boundary between Missouri and Iowa.
Background.
In the Treaty of Fort Clark in 1808, the Osage Nation, the most influential tribe in Missouri, ceded all lands west of Fort Clark near Sibley, Missouri in Jackson County, Missouri. In exchange for this, the tribe was paid merchandise worth $1,500 along with a fort to protect them and a government sanctioned trading post.
The specific boundaries:
The treaty provided the following provision:
Indian Boundary Line.
In 1816 the boundary was "adjusted" west to the mouth of the Kansas River on the Missouri River which was a more significant geographic boundary than Fire Prairie Creek. Although no treaties were in place acknowledging the new line, the United States began to survey the new boundary line to which all were to be removed.
Sullivan was instructed to run by his boss William Rector, head of the survey agency for Missouri and Illinois territories to draw a line north from the mouth of the Kansas River and thence east and 40 chains to the Des Moines River.
Sullivan was to be criticized later for not extending the line all the way to the similarly named (but different) Des Moines Rapids on the Mississippi River at about the latitude of Fort Madison, Iowa.
Sullivan was to begin his survey on the "far bank" of the confluence on the Left Bank of the Missouri at what is now the Clay County, Missouri and Platte County, Missouri line at what is now property owned by Kansas City Downtown Airport.
The mark that now forms the Iowa-Missouri border was placed just north of Sheridan, Missouri.
Joseph C. Brown in 1823 survey the boundary south to the Arkansas boundary. From Arkansas it has a small eastward angle to the Arkansas River at Fort Smith, Arkansas where it then heads due south before briefly following the Red River (Texas) to the Texas border.
The line now forms the border between Missouri and Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, and Arkansas and Oklahoma.
Sullivan Line.
Sullivan drifted northward by 2 degrees as he headed east to the Des Moines which he described as shallow and calm when he crossed it at just south of Farmington, Iowa.
Sullivan was a delegate to the Missouri Constitutional Convention that defined the state's borders.
The initial proposal for the boundaries of Missouri were close to the boundaries of today and followed the original Osage territory. There was a debate about extending the northern border further north to the mouth of the Rock River (Illinois) at Rock Island, Illinois and the western boundary further west to the mouth of the Wolf River (Kansas) at White Cloud, Kansas. The additions would have made Missouri the largest state in the Union and under Congressional pressure it was dropped back to the current configuration since the lines were already marked (plus the addition of the Bootheel to accommodate the wishes of Mississippi River towns to stay with their Missouri compatriots.
The state's official description was:
The wording in the Constitution of "north along the said meridian line, to the intersection of the parallel of latitude which passes through the rapids of the River Des Moines, making said line correspond with the Indian boundary-line" was to stir problems later since Sullivan had not crossed any rapids while a set of rapids on the Mississippi River called the Des Moines Rapids defined the northern navigational end of the Mississippi which was deep in the rapids.
In 1824, treaties for the Ioway, Sac and Fox ceding their land in Missouri implied that the Sullivan Line was Missouri's northern border all the way to the Mississippi. 
Missouri did not formally move to claim the land south of the Sullivan Line to the mouth of the Des Moines at Keokuk, Iowa became known as Half Breed Tract and was declared part of Iowa when it joined the Union in 1846. Since it is south of the Sullivan Line it is the southernmost point in Iowa.
Honey War.
After Sullivan died in 1830, the Sullivan Line was extended in the west to the Missouri River in 1836 as the U.S. government in the Platte Purchase bought all the land west from the Indian Boundary Line and then permitted Missouri to annex the land. As part of the purchase, Missouri wanted the Sullivan Line resurveyed. Joseph C. Brown who was involved with establishing the Fifth Principal Meridian from which most of land in the Louisiana Territory was mapped was hired by Missouri to resurvey the land. Brown was to say that instead of using the mouth of the Kansas, the northern should have been determined by its relation to the mouth of Ohio River. Brown said the border should be north of the Sullivan Line at what is now Lacey-Keosauqua State Park in Keosauqua, Iowa. Brown's Line was not recognized by Iowa. Missouri sent Clark County, Missouri sheriff to collect taxes in the strip and was arrested. According to legend Missouri tax collectors cut down three trees that had honey bee hives to collect honey in lieu of taxes. State militias from both Missouri and Iowa were called out before the governors eventually agreed to let the Supreme Court decide the case which it did in "State of Missouri v. State of Iowa", 48 U.S. 660 (1849), upholding the Sullivan Line noting that is how it was written in state's constitution. The line was resurveyed to correct various jogs as disputes were to continue over the line into the 20th century.
Illinois and Michigan Canal.
In addition to his surveys in Missouri, Sullivan also surveyed a strip of land on either side of the Chicago River extending from Lake Michigan to the Fox River (Illinois River tributary). This was to ultimately clear the way for the Illinois and Michigan Canal and eventually the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal connecting Lake Michigan, Chicago, Illinois to the Illinois River and ultimately the Mississippi. The survey done in 1818-1819 on land ceded by the Sac and Fox in the Treaty of St. Louis. The survey resulted in several streets in Chicago having a diagonal that is at odds with the city's grid pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="9753514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753514" title="Saint Amaro">
Saint Amaro

According to Christian tradition, Saint Amaro or Amarus the Pilgrim () was an abbot and sailor who it was claimed sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to an earthly paradise. There are two historical figures who may have provided the basis for this legend. The first was a French penitent of the same name who went on a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela in the thirteenth century. On his return journey, he established himself at Burgos, where he founded a hospital for lepers.
Saint Amaro has also been identified with Saint Maurus, disciple of Saint Benedict, who founded the first Benedictine monastery in France.
Around the historical character of Saint Amaro converged many Pagan traditions present in Asturias and Galicia related with Celtic "immrama" and "echtrai" like the voyages of Mael Dúin, the Úi Chorra, Snegdus and Mac Riagla or Bran mac Febal. Many features of the Celtic Otherworld are present in the Periplus of Saint Amaro.
The Periplus of Amaro.
Like Saint Brendan, Amaro is said to have travelled on a journey that echoes that of the Irish "immram" –the voyages to the paradisiacal islands of the West. An edition of the "Life of Saint Amaro" was published at Burgos in 1552.
His legend holds that Amaro was a noble Christian from Asia who was obsessed with the idea of visiting the earthly paradise. With this goal in mind, he would inquire for more information from his guests. Amaro was not successful in receiving information from them and was quite desperate and anguished about this until one night, God appeared to him and revealed how to reach his objective. Amaro would have to build a boat and follow the path of the sun across the Atlantic Ocean.
Amaro took to the sea with some companions and sailed for six days and seven nights until he reached an island. This was an extremely fertile land that was blessed with five cities inhabited by uncouth men –though the women were quite beautiful.
Amaro spent six months there until he heard a voice in his dreams telling him to depart the island. Amaro sailed through the "Red Sea" until he reached the land of a beautiful fountain, where the people were beautiful and lived peaceful lives that lasted three hundred years. Amaro remained there for three weeks until an old woman advised that he leave the island before he became accustomed to the good life.
Three days later they arrived at another desert island, which was inhabited by savage beasts hostile to man. There they found a hermit who informed them that the beasts there annihilated themselves by fighting one another on the day of Saint John; the stench of the corpses persisted throughout the year. The hermit provided them with supplies and recommended that they sail East, where there was a beautiful land that would satisfy all of their needs.
They sailed the next day and arrived in the afternoon, finding a monastery named Valdeflores. A monk from this monastery, Leonites, greeted them and told Amaro that he was waiting for him: he was already informed of their arrival by means of a vision. Leonites provided Amaro with instructions on how to reach the Earthly Paradise.
With Leonites, Amaro and his companions arrived at a natural harbor where they remained for a month, after which they traveled to an extensive and rugged valley, where Amaro will find what he was looking for: the Earthly Paradise. First, however, Amaro stumbled upon a nunnery situated high upon a mountaintop called "Flor de Dueñas" (Flower of Ladies).
He remained there, receiving further instructions on how to reach Paradise from a holy woman named Baralides. He is presented with a white habit. This is given to him by Brígida (Bridget), the niece of Baralides who lives in Paradise. Unfortunately, Leonites began to cry: he's losing a dear friend. But Baralides appears, and comforts Leonites with a gift. She presents him with a branch of one of the two magical trees of the Earthly Paradise.
Amaro in Paradise.
In Paradise, Amaro found an enormous castle built from gems and precious metals, with battlements of gold and towers of rubies, walls made with multicolored bricks.
The castle’s gatekeeper informed Amaro that the castle was the Earthly Paradise, and thus no living being can enter it. The saint begged the gatekeeper to allow him to look at Paradise through the keyhole. Amaro was allowed to do this, and saw many things, including the Tree of life from which Adam ate; a primeval and eternal garden; enormous trees; birds whose song was so beautiful one could remain entranced by it for a thousand years; young musicians playing strange and unknown musical instruments; beautiful ladies adorned with a crown of flowers and dressed in white; the Virgin Mary, who accompanied these young ladies.
Saint Amaro begged to be allowed in; the gatekeeper refused and informed him that during the saint's viewing of Paradise, three hundred years have passed. Amaro returned to the coast to find his companions gone and a city named after him built there.
Amaro told the city’s inhabitants his story and they built him a house alongside the monastery of Valdeflores, where he lived for a number of years until he died. He was buried alongside Baralides and Brígida.
Veneration.
There are a number of hermitages dedicated to Amaro in Spain. There is a hermitage dedicated to Amaro in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife ("Ermita de San Amaro"). The town of San Amaro in Ourense province is named after him.
His cult was also diffused in Portugal, where he is called "Santo Amaro". In the districts of Coimbra and Viseu, Saint Amaro is brought pinecones, nuts, and dry figs as an ex-voto offering — but he only accepts these items if they have been stolen. Saint Matthew, Saint Simon, and Saint Bartholomew are also brought things that have been stolen. He is also venerated with an annual religious festival in the parish of Ponta Delgada.
At Beja, the whitewashed church of Santo Amaro is one of just four pre-Romanesque churches left in Portugal. Some parts date from the sixth century and the interior columns and capitals are carved with foliages and geometric designs from the seventh century.

</doc>
<doc id="9753530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753530" title="2008 UEFA Champions League Final">
2008 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2008 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match that took place on Wednesday, 21 May 2008 at 20:45 CEST (22:45 MSD). The match was played at the Luzhniki Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, to determine the winner of the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League. The final was contested by Manchester United and Chelsea, making it an all-English club final for the first time in the history of the competition. This was only the third time that two clubs from the same country had contested the final; the others being the 2000 and 2003 finals. The game was won by Manchester United 6–5 on penalties, after a 1–1 draw following extra time.
This was the first European Cup final staged in Russia, and hence the easternmost final in the tournament's history. It was also Chelsea's first European Cup final in their history. The significance for United was that 2008 marked the 100th anniversary of their first league triumph, the 50th anniversary of the Munich air disaster, and the 40th anniversary of United's first European Cup triumph in 1968.
In recent years, the Champions League final has been given an identity of its own with a unique logo, a design concept, and an overall theme. The objective is to help promote the final and enhance the prestige of one of the world's biggest sporting events. The initial idea that inspired the creation of a new identity for each final was to develop a design with a distinctive flavour of the host city. On 31 October, in Moscow, the Final's new design was presented to public. The ceremony was held in the press conference room at the Luzhniki Stadium and the design was unveiled in presence of the ambassador for the final, former Russian goalkeeper Rinat Dasayev.
Background.
Manchester United and Chelsea had played each other 150 times prior to the Champions League final, including 18 meetings in domestic cup competitions (including the FA Community Shield), but due to various historical restrictions regarding the number of teams from the same country entering European competitions, they had never met in Europe before. Manchester United held the upper hand in the teams' 150 previous meetings, winning 65 times to Chelsea's 41, with 44 draws. Their cup record was equally good, winning 10 of their 18 cup meetings, with the remaining eight ties split equally between draws and Chelsea wins. However, honours were even in cup finals, with Manchester United having won the 1994 FA Cup Final 4–0, while Chelsea won the 2007 FA Cup Final 1–0, the last cup game between the two sides. Manchester United got their own back for defeat in the 2007 FA Cup Final by beating Chelsea in the 2007 FA Community Shield the following August, winning 3–0 on penalties after a 1–1 draw in normal time. They on to claim their 17th league title at the end of the 2007–08 Premier League season, finishing two points ahead of Chelsea. In the two sides' league meetings that season, United won 2–0 at Old Trafford in Avram Grant's first game in charge of Chelsea on 23 September 2007, while Chelsea won 2–1 at Stamford Bridge in the return game on 26 April 2008.
Because of the aforementioned entry restrictions, Manchester United had only met English opposition in Europe twice before. The first meeting was in the second round of the 1963–64 European Cup Winners' Cup against defending champions Tottenham Hotspur, played over two legs in December 1963; Tottenham won the first leg at White Hart Lane 2–0, but Manchester United won the second leg at Old Trafford 4–1 to qualify for the third round. The second meeting was against Everton in the third round of the non-UEFA 1964–65 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup; Everton held Manchester United to a draw in the first leg at Old Trafford in January 1965, before United won the return leg 2–1 at Goodison Park in February 1965. Meanwhile, Chelsea had far more experience against English opposition, having played 12 matches against compatriot clubs, winning five, drawing five and losing just two. Their first all-English European tie came in the semi-finals of the 1970–71 European Cup Winners' Cup against defending champions Manchester City, in which they won 1–0 in both legs of the tie, before going on to beat Real Madrid 2–1 in the final replay. Chelsea's most recent European tie against English opposition came in the semi-finals of the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League, in which they lost to Liverpool on penalties after a 1–1 draw on aggregate.
Both sides had an established pedigree in European football, Chelsea having been invited to take part in the inaugural European Cup in 1955–56 as champions of England, only to be denied entry by The Football League, allowing Manchester United to become the first English entrants in the competition the following season. In February 1958, Manchester United suffered one of the greatest tragedies in football history when the aeroplane carrying their team back from a match in Belgrade crashed while attempting to take off from a refuelling stop in Munich. The crash killed many of the plane's passengers, including eight players, and almost claimed the life of manager Matt Busby. Busby rebuilt the team, and in May 1968, his team became the first English winners of the European Cup, beating Benfica 4–1 in the 1968 European Cup Final. Chelsea won their first European trophy three years later with the aforementioned Cup Winners' Cup victory over Real Madrid. Both clubs won that same competition during the 1990s – first Manchester United beat Barcelona 2–1 in the 1991 final (followed by victory over Red Star Belgrade in the 1991 Super Cup), and then Chelsea beat VfB Stuttgart in the 1998 final (followed by victory over Real Madrid in the 1998 Super Cup, their most recent European success). Manchester United then won their second European Cup the following year, beating Bayern Munich in the 1999 Champions League final.
Route to the final.
Manchester United.
Manchester United were drawn in Group F along with Roma, Sporting and Dynamo Kyiv. United won their first five group games before securing a 1–1 draw away against Roma, in a game where both teams were already guaranteed to progress from the group, United as group winners and with the most number of points out of all the group winners, 16.
In the first knockout round, United were drawn against Olympique Lyonnais, against whom they drew the away leg 1–1, thanks to a late equaliser from Carlos Tevez. The Red Devils then won the second leg 1–0 – Cristiano Ronaldo scoring the only goal – to ensure a 2–1 aggregate win and a place in the quarter-finals, where they were again drawn against Roma.
The quarter-final matches represented the fifth and sixth times these two clubs had met in Europe in just over 12 months. United went to Rome and secured a very creditable 2–0 win, before securing the tie with a record 11th consecutive home Champions League win, winning 1–0.
The semi-final pitted United against Barcelona; the teams had not met since the group stage of the 1998–99 tournament, the last time United won it. The teams also had identical records going into the semi-final, each having won eight and drawn two of their ten games, scoring 18 goals and conceding just five. The first leg at the Nou Camp was a drab affair, with United spending most of the game defending, whilst Barcelona tried to pass the ball around them. United were awarded a penalty in the first minute, but Cristiano Ronaldo sent the ball wide, hitting the stanchion behind the goal. That was about as exciting as the first leg got for either team and it ended 0–0. The second leg at Old Trafford was a game of higher tempo, which United won 1–0 thanks to a goal from Paul Scholes after 14 minutes. This result increased United's consecutive home win record in the Champions League to 12 and ensured that United reached the final unbeaten.
En route to the final 2008, United won nine and drew three of their 12 matches, dwarfing their record of four wins and six draws in the ten games they took to reach the final in 1999 (in 1999 there was no first knockout round and teams advanced from the group stage directly into the quarter-finals). United scored 19 goals en route to the final, Cristiano Ronaldo scoring seven of them, more than any other player.
Chelsea.
Chelsea were placed in Group B, along with Schalke 04, Rosenborg and Valencia. Chelsea's first match in the group was against Rosenborg at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea's home ground, where they were held to a 1–1 draw. Two days later manager José Mourinho left Chelsea by mutual consent. Mourinho's replacement was former Israeli national team coach Avram Grant. Chelsea's second match was against Spanish club Valencia, whom they beat 2–1, leaving Chelsea with four points from their two matches. Chelsea's next two matches were against Schalke 04 of Germany. The first match was played at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea won the match 2–0. The return match against Schalke 04 ended in a 0–0 draw. Chelsea's final two matches in their group resulted in a 4–0 demolition of Rosenborg and a 0–0 draw with Valencia. Chelsea progressed as group winners with 12 points out of six games.
Chelsea faced Olympiacos in the first knockout round. The first leg in Athens ended in a 0–0 draw. The second leg saw Chelsea run out 3–0 winners with goals from Michael Ballack, Frank Lampard and Salomon Kalou to send Chelsea into the quarter-finals.
Chelsea were drawn against Fenerbahçe of Turkey in the quarter-finals. The first leg was held at the Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium, and ended in a 2–1 loss. Chelsea had opened the scoring when Deivid deflected the ball into his own net, but Fenerbahçe equalised on 65 minutes, when Colin Kazim-Richards scored. Deivid won the match for Fenerbahçe with a strike from outside the penalty area in the 81st minute. The second leg at Stamford Bridge was won 2–0 by Chelsea, to claim a 3–2 aggregate victory over the Turkish side.
Chelsea faced fellow English opposition Liverpool in the semi-final. This was the fourth year in succession that these teams had met in the Champions League. The first leg at Anfield was drawn 1–1. The game looked to be heading for a Liverpool win but an own goal by John Arne Riise in the 95th minute gave Chelsea advantage. Chelsea won the second leg 3–2 after extra time, with goals from Drogba on 33 minutes, Lampard on 98 minutes and Drogba again on 105 minutes sending the Blues through to the first Champions League final in their history.
Pre-match.
Venue.
The Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow was selected as the venue for the match at a meeting of the UEFA Executive Committee in Ljubljana, Slovenia, on 4 October 2006. The committee – who decided the venue for the 2009 final and the 2008 and 2009 UEFA Cup Finals at the same meeting – based their decision on a number of factors, including stadium capacity, safety and security facilities, and accessibility. The other venues in contention were the Estadio Olímpico in Sevilla, the Olympiastadion in Berlin, Wembley Stadium in London, and the Stadio Olimpico in Rome, which was chosen to host the 2009 final.
The European Cup final had never before been played in Russia, making this match the easternmost final in the tournament's history; however, the Luzhniki Stadium had previously played host to the 1999 UEFA Cup Final, in which Italian club Parma beat French side Marseille 3–0.
Originally known as the Grand Arena of the Central Lenin Stadium, the ground opened in 1956 as a new national stadium for the Soviet Union national football team. In 1973, it served as the principle venue for the seventh Summer Universiade, before going on to perform the same function at the 1980 Summer Olympics. By this point, the stadium's capacity was 103,000; however, renovations in the mid-1990s reduced the capacity to just under 85,000. The stadium was given five-star status by UEFA in 1998, before hosting the UEFA Cup final the following year. To help the stadium cope with the cold Russian winters, the grass pitch was replaced by an artificial FieldTurf surface in 2002, although a new grass field was shipped in from Slovakia especially for the final at a cost of £160,000. There were originally concerns over the players' safety on the new field, which had to be relaid twice after patches died in transit.
Ticketing.
Manchester United chief executive David Gill had expressed disappointment that the club had only been allocated 21,000 tickets for their supporters, claiming that the club could potentially sell up to 100,000 tickets for their fans.
Match ball.
The match ball for the final was the Adidas Finale Moscow, the eighth in the Adidas Finale range. The ball's design was based around the "starball" pattern, inspired by the UEFA Champions League logo; the stars are dark red with gold detailing, reminiscent of the predominant colours of Red Square, the Kremlin and the gold domes of Moscow's cathedrals. Technically, the ball is based on the Adidas Europass, which was used at UEFA Euro 2008 later that summer; it has the same 14-panel configuration as the Adidas Teamgeist, but with the PSC-Texture surface innovated for the Europass. The ball was unveiled at a special ceremony in Moscow's Manezhnaya Square, attended by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor, former Germany player and coach Franz Beckenbauer, final ambassador Rinat Dasayev and Russian Football Union president Vitaly Mutko.
Match.
Team selection.
Sir Alex Ferguson guaranteed a place in the starting line-up for Paul Scholes, after the midfielder had missed the 1999 final through suspension. He stuck with his regular formation that had won the team the league title only a few days earlier, with his only real decision being whether to play Park Ji-Sung or Owen Hargreaves in midfield. He decided to start Hargreaves on the right wing instead of his regular role as a defensive midfielder, and played Cristiano Ronaldo on the left wing, pitting him against Michael Essien. Ferguson predicted that his substitutes might have a big impact on the match, just as Teddy Sheringham and Ole Gunnar Solskjær did in 1999.
The day before the match, Avram Grant predicted that the game would throw up few tactical surprises due to the two teams' knowledge of each other from the domestic league. Nevertheless, he decided to start with Florent Malouda on the left-wing instead of Salomon Kalou, and also chose to deploy Michael Essien at right-back ahead of Paulo Ferreira and Juliano Belletti, rather than in his preferred midfield position. The rest of Chelsea's team was fairly predictable, with their spine of John Terry, Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba being the key players. Ashley Cole also started despite hurting his right ankle in training the day before the game under a heavy challenge from Claude Makélélé. His replacement would have likely been Wayne Bridge, but he recovered sufficiently that Bridge was not even included in the matchday squad.
Match summary.
First half.
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring after a fairly cagey 26 minutes. An interchange of passes between Paul Scholes and Wes Brown after a throw-in on the right flank gave Brown time to pick out a cross for Ronaldo, who directed his header past Petr Čech. Chelsea almost equalised in the 33rd minute when Frank Lampard's cross was headed back into the six-yard box by Didier Drogba. United's Rio Ferdinand, under pressure from Michael Ballack, was forced to head the ball towards his own goal and Edwin van der Sar pulled off a save to deny Chelsea a goal. United spent the rest of the first half pressing for a second goal, and had two good opportunities to extend their lead, but were denied by a double-save from Čech. Wayne Rooney delivered a long ball into the path of Ronaldo and the United goalscorer placed his cross on the head of the diving Tevez, only for Čech to deny him. Chelsea's failure to clear the loose ball gave Michael Carrick the chance to extend their lead but again Čech was equal to the task with yet another save.
Chelsea survived the pressure and equalised in the dying minutes of the first half. The goal followed from a long range shot by Michael Essien, being deflected first off Nemanja Vidić and then Rio Ferdinand. The ball's change in direction caused Edwin van der Sar to lose his footing, leaving Lampard, who had made the run from deep, with a simple finish. At the end of the first half Manchester Utd manager Sir Alex Ferguson confronted match referee Ľuboš Micheľ, "jabbing out an angry finger and spitting out a few choice words".
Second half.
Lampard's equaliser coming at the end of the first half led to a transformed Chelsea in the second half. Chelsea kept United on the back foot for long periods. Nevertheless, the Red Devils managed to contain most of Chelsea's attacks. Chelsea had a few opportunities to take the lead, with Essien breaking free of United's defence in the 54th minute, only to blast his shot too high. Michael Ballack also sent a long shot just off target. Chelsea's closest opportunity to take the lead came in the 77th minute when a Didier Drogba shot struck the post from out. Drogba came very close to turning Joe Cole's low cross home for the winner four minutes from time, but fired wide. Ryan Giggs was then introduced in place of Scholes, making a record 759th appearance for Manchester United. Ryan Giggs was presented with a chance to win the game but opted to shoot with his right foot which allowed John Terry to make a game saving clearance.
Extra time.
The game moved into extra time, and the thrilling pace was maintained throughout. Both teams had chances to score a vital second goal, with a Lampard left-footer hitting the underside of the crossbar and Ryan Giggs having a shot headed off the line by Terry. Following a fracas involving most of the 22 players and the match officials, Didier Drogba received a red card for a slap on Nemanja Vidić, becoming only the second player in history to be sent off in a European Cup Final – the first being Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann in 2006.
Penalty shoot-out.
Rio Ferdinand won the toss of the coin, and opted for United to go first in the shoot-out. Carlos Tevez stepped up first and sent Čech the wrong way. Ballack was next up, shooting powerfully past Van der Sar. Carrick buried his spot-kick, as did Juliano Belletti with his first touch of the game. The first miss of the shoot-out came from Cristiano Ronaldo, who characteristically stuttered in his run-up in order to put Čech off, but the goalkeeper dived to his right to save. Lampard then put Chelsea 3–2 ahead. Owen Hargreaves levelled things up with a shot into the top corner. Ashley Cole was the next up, and Van der Sar got a strong hand to the ball but couldn't keep the ball out. Nani then knew that he had to score to keep United in it, and he did it just. Thus, it was all up to John Terry to win the cup for Chelsea. However, Terry lost his footing when planting his standing foot by the ball, and, even though Edwin van der Sar was sent the wrong way, Terry's mis-hit effort hit the outside of the right post and went wide.
Anderson scored the first penalty in sudden death. Salomon Kalou then sent Van der Sar the wrong way to make it 5–5. Giggs was next up and he was also successful. Van der Sar then pulled off the crucial save for United by distracting Nicolas Anelka when he pointed to his left but correctly dived to his right to deny Anelka, securing United European football's top prize for the third time in their history.
Reactions.
After the match.
John Terry had to be consoled by his manager Avram Grant, who after receiving both his own medal and red-carded striker Didier Drogba's medal, tossed his own into the crowd. The Manchester United players formed a guard of honour for Chelsea, lining up in two opposite rows and applauding as the Chelsea team walked through. Munich air disaster survivor Bobby Charlton, who had captained United to the European Cup title in 1968, led the team up to collect their medals. Rio Ferdinand and Ryan Giggs lifted the trophy together.
Following the match, riots escalated outside of Fulham Broadway Station.
Later.
United manager Sir Alex Ferguson later apologised to Park Ji-Sung for not including him in the matchday squad, while Cristiano Ronaldo attempted to quash further speculation about his future, telling press after the game, "I stay."
Ricardo Carvalho, Frank Lampard and Avram Grant all refused to point the finger of blame at Terry, but assistant manager Henk Ten Cate showed annoyance both with Drogba's sending-off (if Drogba had not been sent off, he would have taken the fifth penalty) and Terry's miss. Nicolas Anelka, who took the decisive penalty, already branded "Le Sulk", revealed he did not actually want to take a penalty, citing lack of warm-up time as the reason. Chelsea FC offered Terry counselling as a result of his devastation following the miss of his penalty, and subsequently, the loss of the final. Terry was later accused of spitting at Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez, but a UEFA report into the video evidence cleared him of any wrongdoing. Terry also wrote an open letter, published on Chelsea's official website, apologising for missing the penalty and costing Chelsea the trophy.
As a result of the loss, Chelsea quartet Didier Drogba (who was sent off for slapping United defender Nemanja Vidić), Andriy Shevchenko, Alex and Petr Čech were linked with moves away from Stamford Bridge, before eventually remaining with the club (Shevchenko spent the 2008–09 season with former club Milan before returning to Chelsea for the 2009–10 season under Carlo Ancelotti who had joined from Milan in July 2009). The question over Avram Grant's future also remained unsure, with owner Roman Abramovich (who witnessed the penalty shoot-out heartbreak), chief executive Peter Kenyon, director Eugene Tenenbaum and chairman Bruce Buck reportedly deciding over Grant's job within four days after the final. Grant was officially sacked three days after the match.
Rewards.
In addition to the €3 million participation bonus, €5.7 million won from the group stages and €7.7 million from the three rounds prior to the final, Manchester United also received €7 million for winning the final and becoming champions. Chelsea also received €3 million for participation and €7.7 million for the first three knockout rounds, but received only €5.1 million from the group stage, having drawn two more games and won two less than Manchester United. Chelsea also received €4 million for becoming the runners-up.
The two clubs benefited greatly from reaching the final. In addition to the €23.4 million and €19.8 million earned respectively by the champions and runners-up as prize money, the clubs received money from the UEFA market pool share. The market pool share is estimated to have a total value of €280 million, shared between the 32 clubs who qualified for the group stage. The pool was split in proportion to each national association's strength in the television market, with the Premier League receiving around €50 million from the pool. The money is then split in a 4:3:2:1 ratio to the four teams who qualified for the Champions League from the 2007–08 Premier League. This means that Manchester United received around €20 million and Chelsea around €15 million. The strong presence of the English clubs in the final stages of the competition – three of the four clubs in the semi-final were English – will undoubtedly increase the league's pool share, with possibly more than €50 million being distributed among the clubs.
In addition, Manchester United qualified for two further competitions:

</doc>
<doc id="9753534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753534" title="Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate">
Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate

Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (or STIBOR) is a daily reference rate based on the interest rates at which banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the Swedish wholesale money market (or interbank market). STIBOR is the average (with the exception of the highest and lowest quotes) of the interest rates listed at 11 a.m.

</doc>
<doc id="9753544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753544" title="Riddarhuskajen">
Riddarhuskajen

Riddarhuskajen (Swedish: "Quay of the House of Knights") is a quay in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Located north of both the square Riddarhustorget and the House of Knights, it stretches east from the north-western corner of the island Stadsholmen to the bridge Vasabron and the alley Riddarhusgränd. Just west of the quay passes the motorway Centralbron, while the quay Kanslikajen forms an eastward extension leading past Kanslihuset to Stallbron and Mynttorget.
The two wings of the House of Knights were completed in 1870 to the design of A W Edelsvärd (1824–1919), otherwise mostly remembered for his standard design of Swedish railway stations.
The gardens of the building as completed are but a pale reminiscence of the original intentions which reflects the decline of power of the Swedish nobility, and still, the present state of things hardly give any indications of the character of the place in the early 19th century — a row of hovels in stone and wood lined up along the present quay hid the heap of rubbish where the statue of Axel Oxenstierna is found today, while a harbour surrounded by a wooden paling extended the premises into the water.
The current name of the quay was proposed in 1921 and made official in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="9753548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753548" title="Sculptured House">
Sculptured House

The Sculptured House, also known as the Sleeper House, is a distinctive elliptical curved house built on Genesee Mountain in 1963 by architect Charles Deaton. It is featured prominently in the 1973 Woody Allen sci-fi comedy "Sleeper".
Background.
Architect Charles Deaton has described his inspiration for the house: "On Genesee Mountain I found a high point of land where I could stand and feel the great reaches of the Earth. I wanted the shape of it to sing an unencumbered song."
Construction.
The Deaton-designed house was built in 1963. Delzell Inc. was the original builder of the house on an experimental permit. Clifford M. Delzell, the owner/operator of Delzell Inc. Deaton, ran out of money before the house was finished, so it was never inhabited by the designer. The interior of the Sculptured House went largely unfinished and was vacant for almost three decades until entrepreneur and one-time Denver, Colorado economic-development chief John Huggins purchased the house in 1999. He built a large addition designed by Deaton with Nick Antonopolous before Deaton's death in 1996, and commissioned Deaton's daughter Charlee to design the interior, completed in 2003.
In 2006, fellow Denver entrepreneur Michael Dunahay purchased the house from Huggins. By late 2010, Dunahay had become delinquent on the nearly $2.8 million outstanding balance of his $3.1 million mortgage on the house, and the Public Trustee in Jefferson County, Colorado scheduled a foreclosure auction for November 10, 2010. The house was sold again in November 2010.
In the media.
The Sculptured House is featured in the 1973 Woody Allen movie "Sleeper", where the home’s cylindrical elevator with sliding doors is used as a fictional device called the Orgasmatron.
8/6/2011 MTV Extreme Cribs Ep. 9
HGTV's Home Strange Home
An episode of American Guns.

</doc>
<doc id="9753576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753576" title="Harold H. Thompson">
Harold H. Thompson

Harold Hammer Thompson (Slim) was born in Philadelphia, PA in 1908. In his childhood, he moved to the greater Atlantic City, NJ area, where he lived the rest of his life with his family. In 1938, Thompson was awarded the Carnegie Medal for Heroism for the events that occurred the night of August 4, 1938. The following is the entry published by the Carnegie Hero Fund about the heroic event:
""Harold H. Thompson, 30, carpenter, saved Albert D. Woolson, 32, salesman, and three others from burning and Eldridge H. Snead, 29, assistant manager, and two others from drowning, Atlantic City, New Jersey, August 4, 1938. At night while Woolson and the others were aboard a launch in Absecon Inlet, the launch caught fire. Thompson, who was in charge of the launch, was burned severely; but he tried to extinguish flames on the launch and then threw a gasoline storage-tank overboard. Snead and two other men got overboard, Snead holding to a box and the others holding to a life-preserver and the storage-tank, respectively. They drifted from the launch. Woolson and the other passengers meanwhile were on deck forward of the cabin, in which the flames were spreading rapidly. Thompson jumped overboard and got hold of a long rope attached to the bow; and exerting himself to the utmost, he towed the launch 200 feet to shore. Woolson and his companions got to shore. Thompson ran 1,000 feet along the shore, waded, and then swam 1,000 feet to Snead and the man who was holding to the tank. While the men held to the tank and to the box, Thompson took hold of the box and towed them to wadable water. Thompson ran 1,000 feet farther and then swam a quarter of a mile to the remaining passenger, who held to the life-preserver. He towed him a quarter of a mile to shore. Thompson was weak and was disabled for three weeks.""
For a Google map of the location of the event, click here
See also.
Carnegie Hero Fund

</doc>
<doc id="9753596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753596" title="Little Sister (1992 film)">
Little Sister (1992 film)

Little Sister is a 1992 American comedy film written and directed by Jimmy Zeilinger. Starring Jonathan Silverman and Alyssa Milano, the film was released in the UK under the title Mister Sister.
Plot.
Jonathan Silverman plays Bobby, who just graduated high school with his friend Mike (George Newbern). His father encourages him to forge his own identity and also gives him a book of romantic poems. Bobby reads one of the poems and his dad says "Got you mother, didn't I?"
Bobby and Mike go to college and join a fraternity where Bobby can be himself and not follow in his dad's footsteps. The leader of the fraternity house tells Bobby that he is his father's twig and he has to show his pledge brothers the way so that they become twigs like him.
At a party, Bobby meets a girl name Sybil and tries to woo her with his father's poems; she is unconvinced. The next day Bobby tells Mike that he needs to stop taking his dad's advice and find himself a girlfriend. Bobby and Mike witness an argument between Diana (Alyssa Milano) and her boyfriend Derry because he doesn't care what she thinks. When she breaks up with Derry, Bobby takes the opportunity to ask her out, but she tells him "Piss off, slug". Derry then apologies to Diana and they go back together.
Bobby tries to woo Sybil again while trying to find a course to study during his college years. He ends up in an all-female classroom studying the sociology of women in history. He and Mike also find out that they're enrolled in taxidermy class.
Later that day Bobby, Mike, and their pledge brothers are reminiscing about The Brady Bunch for the fraternity leader. The leader wants them to steal a painting from the Zeta Alpha Zeta sorority house. After four failed attempts, Bobby decided the only way in the sorority house is to be a girl. Bobby become 'Roberta' and successfully fools the sorority sisters, is unable to get the painting.
Bobby has it hard trying to be both identities. He's missing out on fraternity activities as himself, but he wants to keep the Roberta identity in order to be close to Diana.
Bobby ask for help to study for class by Diana but she believes he's asking her on a date. While they're studying on during a thunderstorm, Bobby tries to seduce her but proves unsuccessful. She discovers his sorority scheme in a pledge book.
When Roberta been elected president of the pledge class, the sorority sisters take Roberta for drinks. The girls tell Roberta that they look up to her which is the reason for her elected. When Derry sees Roberta, he tries to flirt with her and Bobby tries to be disgusting. Bobby then tells Mike Derry is flirting with him and they devise a plan to have Diana catch Derry in a compromising position.
The next day, Derry walks into the library and reads notes suggesting to take his clothes off. At that time Diana finds him in that compromising position. Diana finally breaks off their relationship.
After a while, Bobby learns more about girls. As Roberta again, he tries to convince Diana to love Bobby. He changes into his normal clothes and try to go back to Diana but fails again when he kisses her and gets slapped. He decides to end Roberta and steal the painting. The next day when the painting is discovered missing, one of the sorority sisters suspects Roberta. After that, Mike sets up Roberta on a date with Wally who is one of the pledge brothers.
Bobby tries again to get Diana but ends up carrying encyclopedias for her. Diana tells Bobby that the differences between them are too great for them to be together; then she tells him that she knows what he's really doing. Bobby first believes that she knows that he's really Roberta but she meant about what happened to Derry. They finally get together. Bobby is then shocked to learn that Diana has nominated Roberta for sorority queen.
Bobby gets stressed out because the frat house needed him to be quarterback and the sorority nominated Roberta for queen. Bobby undresses from his Roberta clothes while Diana watches from an open window in his room. She believes that Roberta is making out with Bobby. Bobby as Roberta then returns the painting to the sorority house. The frat house gets angry with Bobby for returning the painting and call him a stick.
Bobby and Diana argue in class about women in history. Bobby then tells the teacher about what he's really been doing and gets moved by it.
Bobby begins to play football with his frat house. He wants Wally to play although Wally is not a good player. During the last play of the game, Bobby ask Mike to throw the ball to Wally. Wally fall down but luckily he catches the ball and their frat house wins the game.
Bobby goes to the ceremony as Roberta and reveals himself and makes a passionate speech about what he learned. After the speech, Mike starts to applaud and then everyone applauds as well. Later that night Bobby's dad come to him and tells him that he loves him. Bobby then goes to Diana and apologizes to her and they make up.
Production.
Filming lasted until January 1991.
Home media.
The movie was released directly to video in 1992 by Live Home Video and some time later on a budget tape by Avid Home Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="9753597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753597" title="Gentleman (disambiguation)">
Gentleman (disambiguation)

A gentleman is a man of good family.
Gentleman or gentlemen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9753611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753611" title="Theatres Act 1843">
Theatres Act 1843

The Theatres Act 1843 (6 & 7 Vict., c. 68) (also known as the Theatre Regulation Act) was an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom. It amended the regime established under the Licensing Act 1737 for the licensing of the theatre in the UK, implementing the proposals made by a select committee of the House of Commons in 1832. 
Under the Licensing Act 1737 (10 Geo.II, c. 28), the Lord Chamberlain was granted the ability to vet the performance of any new plays: he could prevent any new play, or any modification to an existing play, from being performed for any reason, and was not required to justify his decision. New plays were required to be submitted to the Lord Chamberlain for a licence before they could be performed, and theatre owners could be prosecuted for staging a play (or part of a play) that had not received prior approval. A licence, once granted, could be also withdrawn. The Licensing Act 1737 also limited spoken drama to the patent theatres, originally only the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane and Theatre Royal, Covent Garden in London. The regime was relaxed slightly by the Theatrical Representations Act 1788, under which local magistrates were permitted to license occasional performances for periods of up to 60 days.
The Theatres Act 1843 restricted the powers of the Lord Chamberlain, so that he could only prohibit the performance of plays where he was of the opinion that "it is fitting for the preservation of good manners, decorum or of the public peace so to do". It also gave additional powers to local authorities to license theatres, breaking the monopoly of the patent theatres and encouraging the development of popular theatrical entertainments, such as saloon theatres attached to public houses and music halls. 
The regime established by the 1843 Act was considered by a select committee of the House of Commons in 1866, and two Parliamentary Joint Select Committees, in 1909 and then in 1966, and various reforms were proposed, but no changes were implemented until the Act was finally repealed by the Theatres Act 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="9753616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753616" title="Cheyenne East High School">
Cheyenne East High School

Cheyenne East High School is a public secondary institution (grades 9-12) located in Cheyenne, Wyoming and serves Laramie County School District #1. The high school serves students who attended Carey JHS, Alta Vista ES, Anderson ES, Baggs ES, Buffalo Ridge ES, Dildine ES, Henderson ES, and Saddle Ridge in Cheyenne. The current principal is Sam Mirich.
Administrators/Staff.
Sam Mirich is the primary and head Principal. Tommy Cress (Echoes Office), Fawn Bartlett (Horizon Office), and Tom Kreider (Spirit Office) are assistant principals. Greg Tucker, former associate principal has taken another position in the district.
Academics.
In addition to the AP programs found at East, it is also home to the International Baccalaureate program. This program is run by Brian Madland. The International Baccalaureate program is an advanced curricular course that encompasses all of a students core classes.
Athletics.
The East High School Football team won the state championship in 2007 and 2013. The East Girl's Soccer Team also finished 2nd in the State in 2009. The East High Cheerleaders placed first in all-girl stunt and second in co-ed stunt in 2008 and 2010. The East High Lady Thunderbirds basketball team won the state title in 4A basketball against Laramie High School in 2010. In 2011, the Cheyenne East Boys Indoor Track team won the state title, with a one point victory over Laramie High School. The Lady Thunderbirds volleyball and swim teams took home state championships in 2012.
East's Primary sport rival is Cheyenne Central High School.
Notable alumni.
Cynthia Lummis - U. S. House of Representatives
Daniel Junge - Academy Award winning documentary filmmaker. Best known for Saving Face (documentary) 
Dan Zwonitzer - Wyoming House of Representatives
James Johnson - Professional Basketball Player - Sacramento Kings
Tracy Ringolsby - Columnist MLB.com, 1995 J.G. Taylor Spink Award winner, recognized by Baseball Hall of Fame.
Drama.
The Drama Department was led by Mrs. Kelley Bembry-Hennings for quite a while. The State Drama team, under her direction, won numerous acclamations each year at the State competition held in Casper, Wyoming. She retired in 2013; the current teacher is Mrs. Christina Zarr.
Forensics.
The forensics team is led by Mr. Michael Starks. The Speech and Debate team has placed in State and District Sweepstakes for the last eight years. The team also has Mr. Matt Prevedel (Extemporeaneous, Public Forum, and LD), Ms. Ashley Schulz (Interp. Events), and Ms. Sandy Patrick (CX Debate). The team has also had a long standing reputation in competitions it has attended, both in Wyoming and on a national level. Cheyenne East hosts a "Holiday Classic" every year right before Christmas vacation, schools from all over Wyoming and Colorado attend.
Marching Band.
The Marching Band is headed up by Mr. Dan Holroyd and Ms. Jaxine Barhite along with two Drum Majors and section leaders for each instrument. The Cheyenne East Marching Band goes to the State Marching Festival every year and in recent years has scored the top possible score.
Extracurricular Activities and Groups.
Activities and Clubs include AFJROTC, Improv Club, Computer Club, Football, Volleyball, Cross Country, Golf, Boys & Girls Swimming, Boys & Girls Tennis, Wrestling, Boys & Girls Basketball, Indoor & Outdoor Track, Boys & Girls Soccer, Cheerleading, Dance Team, Art Club, American Sign Language Club, Christian Student Ministries, French Club, German Club, Japanese Club, Spanish Club, Key Club, Debate & Forensics, National Honor Society, Student Council, Chess Club, Drill Team, Thunderwarriors, Hackey Sack Club, Gay-Straight Alliance, Band, Choir, Orchestra, Marching Band, Strolling Strings, Drama, Mock Trial, We the People, DECA, FBLA, VICA, FCCLA, FFA, and FCA.

</doc>
<doc id="9753618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753618" title="John Hoskins (poet)">
John Hoskins (poet)

Serjeant John Hoskins (1566–1638) was an English poet, scholar of Greek, lawyer, judge and politician.
Life.
He was the son of John and Margery Hoskins born in Mownton-upon-Wye, Llanwarne, Herefordshire. His father, impressed by his memory and mental abilities, arranged for him to be taught Greek at the age of ten. He attended Westminster School for a year before going to Winchester College in 1579. From 1584 to 1588 he attended their sister foundation New College, Oxford, arriving alongside Henry Wotton.
Hoskins was expelled from Oxford University before he became Regent master: the authorities did not appreciate his biting satire. He became a teacher in Ilchester, Somerset, where he worked on a Greek lexicon which went as far as the letter M. Through a fortuitous meeting with Benedicta Moyle, he then gained entrance to the Middle Temple to study for the bar.
Hoskins was elected to parliament for Hereford in 1604 and 1614. In 1614, in parliament, he spoke his mind about the Sicilian Vespers and consequently was imprisoned for a year in the Tower of London with Sir Charles Cornmwallis. After his release he was elected Lent Reader in 1619, and became a Judge in 1623. He was re-elected MP for Hereford in 1628.
Hoskins was an intimate of John Selden, Sir Walter Raleigh and Ben Jonson. He fought a duel with Sir Benjamin Rudyard, but they subsequently became great friends. When he was a Serjeant-at-law, and was indicted for not keeping the pavement in front of his door in good repair, he successfully defended his case arguing that the charge did not specify how he was liable, whether he owned a property at that location, whether he lived there, or even whether he had a tenant who had legally assumed such responsibilities. He is buried in Abbey Dore, Herefordshire. His son Bennet Hoskyns was created a Baronet in 1676.
Works.
The poem "Absence, Hear thou my Protestation" (Printed anonymously in Francis Davison's "A poetical rhapsody containing diverse sonnets, odes, (V. S. for J. Baily, 1602)) was at one time attributed to John Donne. Herbert Grierson has argued persuasively that it should be attributed to Hoskins.
Hoskins is noted for painting an image of the "Trusty Servant" as an emblem outside the kitchen of Winchester College in 1579. The emblem was accompanied by verse in both Latin and English providing a reading of the image.

</doc>
<doc id="9753622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753622" title="Romanzo Criminale">
Romanzo Criminale

Romanzo criminale (, "Criminal Novel") is an Italian-language film released in 2005, directed by Michele Placido, a criminal drama, it was highly acclaimed and won 15 awards. It is based on Giancarlo De Cataldo's 2002 novel, which is in turn inspired by the Banda della Magliana true story. The Magliana gang was one of the most powerful Italian criminal associations, dominating Rome's drug, gambling and other kinds of crime activities from the early 1970s to 1992 (death of Enrico De Pedis). The gang's affiliates start their career kidnapping rich people, drug dealing (hashish, cocaine, heroin, etc.) from the 1970s they started working with the Italian secret service, fascists, terrorists, the Sicilian Mafia, Camorra and many more.
Some gang members are still alive, as inmates of an Italian prison, or justice collaborators.
In 2008 a spin-off TV series commenced broadcasting ("Romanzo criminale – La serie").
Plot.
In 1960s Rome, four young delinquents, nicknamed Ice, Lebanese, Dandi and Grand steal a car. Crashing through a police road block, the driver, Grand is crushed by the steering column. Back at their hideout, a small disused caravan near a beach, they are discovered by the police. Ice, Lebanese and Dandi run away, but are captured. Grand, who is mortally wounded, dies in the caravan. Roll opening credits. Some years later, in the 1970s, Ice is released from prison, and met by Lebanese, who tells him he has come up with a plan to kidnap and hold to ransom Baron Rossellini, a wealthy aristocrat whom Lebanese's parents worked for. He has formed a gang with Dandi - they are Black, Bright Eye, Ricotta, Bufalo, Rat and Ciro and Aldo Buffoni. After negotiating the ransom of 3 billion lire, whilst trying to get the Baron to pose for a proof of life, Lebanese shoots him. Nonetheless, they fake the proof of life, and get the 3 billion lire. However, the local Police Commissioner Nicola Scialoja manages to record the serial numbers of the ransom money before the gang receive it, setting out to capture the gang. As the gang divide up the money, Lebanese proposes to split 500 million lire between them, and use the remaining 2.5 billion to build a foothold in the criminal underworld of Rome, starting with drug dealing. However, the drugs racket is owned by the dealer Terrible, and so the gang wipe his gang out apart from Gemito, who Lebanese bribes to help them. After his home is raided and his body guards killed, Terrible wakes to find Ice, Lebanese and Dandi in his bedroom. Cornered, he reluctantly agrees to let give control of the racket to the gang. 
The gang grows in influence and ambition. Rome falls under their rule, and the rule of Lebanese. Dandi meets and becomes enamoured with an upmarket prostitute, Patrizia, who, in order to be kept under the sway of the gang and in order to prevent Dandi becoming involved in brawls provoked by his jealousy, is bought over and given a brothel. Ice, meanwhile falls in love with his younger brother Gigio's tutor, Roberta. However, Lebanese begins to consider Ice's romance a weakness, a point reinforced when Ice asks to be dismissed from the gang. In response, Lebanese casts up the car theft from their childhood, where his leg was permanently damaged by the pursuing police. Ice and Roberta begin to learn English with the idea that they will elope there. Then Ice receives a phone call informing him that Lebanese is dead, stabbed by Gemito after a bitter game of poker. 
Then begins Ice's quest for vengeance, aided by Dandi.
Yet Scialoja is on their trail and succeeds in capturing Ice, then the other members of the gang except Dandi. Ice plans to escape from prison with the help of his friends, but a deadly spiral of score settling has already begun to coil around them all. 
The film is something of a showcase for a number of Italy's leading young film and television actors, notably Favino, who won a Donatello award for his performance as Lebanese.

</doc>
<doc id="9753627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753627" title="Henry Boyle, 1st Earl of Shannon">
Henry Boyle, 1st Earl of Shannon

Henry Boyle, 1st Earl of Shannon, PC (Ire) (1682 – 28 December 1764) was a prominent Irish politician.
Boyle was the second son of Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Boyle (1648–1693), second son of Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery. His mother was Lady Mary O'Brien, daughter of Murrough O'Brien, 1st Earl of Inchiquin. In, 1707, he was elected to the Irish House of Commons for Midleton, a seat he held until 1713, and then sat for Kilmallock from 1713 to 1715. Between 1715 and 1756 he represented County Cork. He quickly gained a prominent role in Parliament and Sir Robert Walpole is said to have styled him "the King of the Irish House of Commons". In 1733 Boyle was admitted to the Irish House of Commons and appointed Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer. Later that year he was also made Speaker of the Irish House of Commons. His career was marked by a long struggle for power with George Stone, Archbishop of Armagh, which only ended with their death in the same week. He deserves some credit for helping to organise measures to alleviate the terrible Irish Famine (1740-1741) which became known as "the year of slaughter".
He held these posts until 1753, when he was dismissed by the viceroy Lord Dorset for refusing to pay over an Irish tax surplus to the government in London. This led to the "Money Bill dispute" of 1753-56, and Boyle came to be seen as an early Irish patriot. Reinstated in 1755 by Devonshire, the next viceroy, in 1756 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Castle Martyr, Viscount Boyle, of Bandon, and Earl of Shannon. He also acted several times as Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.
Horace Walpole dismissed him as a "common character" who sold his patriotism for a peerage.
Lord Shannon married, firstly, Catherine, daughter of Chidley Coote, in 1715. After her death in 1725 he married, secondly, Lady Henrietta Boyle, youngest daughter of Charles Boyle, 3rd Earl of Cork and 2nd Earl of Burlington, in 1726. Lord Shannon died in December 1764, in his 82nd year, and was succeeded in his titles by his son from his second marriage, Richard.

</doc>
<doc id="9753643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753643" title="Clarín Awards">
Clarín Awards

The Clarín Entertainment Awards () or simply the Clarín Awards ("") is an award program that have taken place in Argentina since 1998. Sponsored by the Argentine newspaper "Clarín", the event honors Argentine achievements in entertainment, sports, literature, and advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="9753662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753662" title="National Museum of Military History">
National Museum of Military History

National Museum of Military History may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9753724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753724" title="R22 (band)">
R22 (band)

R22 was an adjective-core/hard rock band from Long Island, New York.
R22 was formed by spontaneously combustible Dan Barton and helpy helperton Rob Tramontano in 1994 after they both left their former super-spectacular death metal band, Salvation's End. Vocalist and thought provoking lyricist, Alex Aronowicz, also a former dandy member of Salvation's End, was recruited as his vocal style was heavy and versatile enough to fulfill the sound they were looking for. The trio began to rehearse and record demo tracks.
In 1995, talented drummer, Dan Barton and diverse vocalist Alex Aronowicz, composed the initial 3 songs for the swinging 1996 Demo, "Follow The Leaders". Snazzy Barton along with dedicated bassist Robert Tramontano, sought out innovative guitarist and vocalist, Matt Kourie, to join the act to perform and revamp the sound of the modest recordings and undeveloped style. In 1996, R22 released their first recorded demo, Follow the Leaders. The demo was independently recorded by "Dazzling" Dan Barton and produced by R22 as ideas from new bombastic members began to shape the direction and sound, such as vocal harmony and new guitar layers and textures. It was only available on cassette with limited copies. The demo caught the attention of many people in the local scene, including local artist Vision of Disorder.
By this time, Mike "young Jesus" Clemente was brought into the band as a second guitarist. This was, however, short-lived and the band only played a handful of shows with Clemente before he was released near the end of 1997. Clemente contributed original guitar "riffs" to R22's "song", "Hump", which would be "featured" in a later "release". The band released their second demo in 1997, titled ST(u)D, featuring four rocktastic songs with an evolved sound (some say intelligently designed) and also only available on cassette. Shortly after Clemente's departure, Matt Kourie's brother and well-versed musician, Greg Kourie, joined the band on keyboards, backing vocals and grand stage illusions. R22's unique blend of keyboards and style of adjective-driven metal/hard rock gave them a very different edge than what was currently going on in the local scene.
In January 1998, the band started to record their first full-length album. After recording for almost a year, the release of the album was pushed back due to budget constraints. By April 1999, the album was completed and sent off for pressing. Greg Kourie left the band in early 1999, leaving the group as a four-piece once again. For a short while, R22 had many fabulously famous fill-in guitarists, including Greg Kubacki (formerly of Neck, currently in CARBOMB). Due to many conflicting schedules, the band decided at this point to simply remain a four-piece considering the difficulty they were having keeping a fifth member. Greg Kourie did, however, record all keyboards on the band's upcoming release.
Just before the release of the upcoming album, the members of R22 got a phone call from long time friend and versatile guitarist, Pete Mussillo. Pete's band, Entorturement, had recently disbanded and he expressed interest in R22. After one session of rehearsal together, the evidence of instant chemistry was obvious. Pete's magical musical abilities in combination with his cooking skills and commanding stage presence gave the band a new found confidence to plow forward into the local scene with authority.
On July 27, 1999, R22 released their first full-length album. The debut album was titled A Picture Is Worth 1000 Lies.
It featured a variety of "ahead of its time" metal genre bending tunes composed by the band's head songwriters, the absentee Aronowicz (Lyrics) and kat-kool Kourie (Music/Lyrics) with notable musical contributions by the genetically superior Barton (Music). Three songs from "Follow The Leaders" were reproduced by the band and also included on the album. The band went on to tour extensively during the upcoming year and established themselves as a national act within about a month. R22 played with acts such as Machine Head, Biohazard, Suicidal Tendencies, Hatebreed, Killswitch Engage, Chimaira, The Misfits, Stereomud, Unearth, Lamb of God, Shadows Fall, Amorphis, Puya, Vision of Disorder, Candiria, E-Town Concrete, Sworn Enemy, Dying Fetus, Anal Cunt, and countless other national acts. R22 quickly went from a supporting act to a headlining act in a matter of measly months.
Since the band grew so quickly during this time, they began to get the attention of many majorly major labels. On three separate occasions the band had scheduled shows for Roadrunner Records (among other labels) to showcase the promising act. However, on each and every occasion, a major event prevented the band from playing. The first two were due to health complications of two different members. The third was set back by the departure of songwriter, Matt Kourie, in early-2000, who, on several occasions, expressed his concern of the inner workings and politics of the band. In his time with the act, Kourie, composed over twenty original songs for R22, providing the bulk of the acts content and repertoire. The band however continued using a large number of unreleased as well as unfinished, Kourie compositions and material after his departure. Still, this put them on an indefinite hiatus. To add to the complications, a discouraged Rob Tramontano also left the band only a month afterward, leaving only three members to try to keep the band alive.
After a six-month hiatus, the band returned to the stage with two new members: Dave Campignoli on guitar, and John Ferrara on bass. The new addition of motivated and extremely talented musicians drove the band to play numerous shows to a hungry fan base starved for six months with no live shows or recorded material released.
By mid-2001, the band used pre-written material to record a follow-up album to A Picture Is Worth 1000 Lies. R22 informally disbanded in August 2001 during the recording process.
The members of R22 currently stay in touch. Founding member, and borderline superhero Dan Barton went on to train in professional audio technologies and is the owner of Onpoint Studios in Long Island NY. Immediately after Kourie left R22, he released the innovative hard rock/metal Ep, The When project (2000), to rave reviews from R22 fans and is currently revamping the project. Matthew Kourie, the new American Messiah, is a long Island Audio Producer @ the Dept. Records studio, he received his training in Sound Arts in 2001. His work has also included Voice Overs for Bank of America and Donruss trading cards as well as composing numerous multi-genre pieces for independent film and advertising. For almost a decade, Pete Mussillo has been one of New York's best guitar technicians, he has worked with many hi-profile musicians including Steve Vai. He continues to do extensive work in guitar repair and is well respected by his peers and colleagues in the music world. A true rock fan, Robert Tramontano, is constructing a website dedicated to Rock music video, entitled, Rock Video TV. Alex Aronowicz is socially and emotionally dead, a victim of Keplar's Syndrome. Mussillo and Kourie currently perform in the original classic rock act, The Fools of Perception and will release a collection of songs later this year under that title. Rumors of an R22 reunion have circled for some time but nothing has come about in real terms as well as whispers of two of the three main R22 collaborators, Kourie and Barton, working on something.

</doc>
<doc id="9753727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753727" title="AMK Hub">
AMK Hub

AMK Hub (Abbreviation for Ang Mo Kio Hub; Simplified Chinese: 宏茂桥城) is a suburban shopping mall located in Ang Mo Kio, within the North-East Region of Singapore. It is connected to Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange which is linked to Ang Mo Kio MRT station via an underpass. The shopping mall has 48,250 square metres of gross floor area and of retail space.
History.
AMK Hub was built on the site of the old bus interchange and retail area of Ang Mo Kio that existed until 2002. A temporary bus interchange was later built 500 metres away from its original site to allow the construction of the shopping mall to be carried forth. On 28 April 2007, the bus interchange was moved back into AMK Hub.
Slow construction process.
The work on the site at that time was draggy, right after the demolition of the retail area and bus interchange, the contractor went bust and the site was left empty. Only after two years of stagnation, work on the site was finally restored, and its newly assigned contractor, Lum Chang Building, worked on a tight schedule to get it done by end 2006.
Underpass cut-off.
During the closure of former Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange, at the site of present AMK Hub, the underpass gradually closed. It was closed for 4 years since 2003 and has opened following the opening of AMK Hub.
Name-the-Mall competition.
This competition was launched by the developers in March 2005 as its developers decided to involve the residents in suggesting a suitable name for the retail mall, since the mall will become an integral part of Ang Mo Kio residents' lives. In the end, the name "AMK Hub" which is the short-form of Ang Mo Kio Hub, was chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="9753781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753781" title="List of tallest buildings and structures in Glasgow">
List of tallest buildings and structures in Glasgow

This List of tallest buildings in Glasgow includes built and planned high-rise buildings in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom.
Faced with crippling housing shortages and overcrowding in the immediate post-war period, the city undertook the building of multi-storey housing in tower blocks in the 1960s and early 1970s on a grand scale, which led to Glasgow becoming the first truly high-rise city in Britain. However, many of these "schemes", as they are known, were poorly planned, or badly designed and cheaply constructed, which led to many of the blocks becoming insanitary magnets for crime and deprivation.
It would not be until 1988 that high rises were built in the city once again, with the construction of the 17-storey Forum Hotel (latterly the Moat House International Hotel, and now the Crowne Plaza Hotel) next to the SECC. The 20-storey Hilton Hotel in Anderston followed in 1992. From the early 1990s, Glasgow City Council and its successor, the Glasgow Housing Association, have run a programme of demolishing the worst of the residential tower blocks, including Basil Spence's Gorbals blocks in 1993.
The current tallest buildings in Glasgow are the Bluevale and Whitevale Towers, in the East End of the city, both at 90.80 metres. The tallest building ever to have stood in Glasgow was the 91.44m Tait Tower in Bellahouston, built for the Empire Exhibition of 1938, but pulled down the following year.
Since the late 1990s, property developers have been planning new upmarket residential and office high-rises along the River Clyde, and in the city's financial district, which will far surpass these in height.
Glasgow skyline.
The term "tallest building in Glasgow" is itself ambiguous. At present four structures in the city can make a claim for the title depending on which measurement is used:
With both the Red Road and Whitevale/Bluevale estates both scheduled to be demolished by the year 2017, this effectively means the western Balgrayhill towers (currently not scheduled for demolition) will theoretically become Glasgow's tallest building – this based on the assumption that various proposed schemes such as the Savoy Towers or the Jumeirah Hotel developments (which range between 26–32 storeys) in the city centre do not get built by this date.
Approved.
Top 10 in Order of Height
Under Construction.
Tallest Under Construction in order of height.

</doc>
<doc id="9753794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753794" title="Reticulum (anatomy)">
Reticulum (anatomy)

The reticulum is the second chamber in the alimentary canal of a ruminant animal. Anatomically it is considered the smaller portion of the reticulorumen along with the rumen. Together these two compartments make up 84% of the volume of the total stomach. The reticulum is located between the rumen and the omasum.
The reticulum is colloquially referred to as the "honeycomb". It is also known as the bonnet and as the kings-hood. When cleaned and used for food, it is called "tripe".
Heavy or dense feed and foreign objects will settle here. It is the site of Hardware disease in cattle and because of the proximity to the heart this disease can be life-threatening.
Anatomy.
The internal mucosa has a honeycomb shape. When looking at the reticulum with ultrasonography it is a crescent shaped structure with a smooth contour. The reticulum is adjacent to the diaphragm, lungs, abomasum, rumen and liver. The heights of the reticular crests and depth of the structures vary across ruminant animal species. Grazing ruminants have higher crests than browsers. However, general reticulum size is fairly constant across ruminants of differing body size and feeding type.
In a mature cow, the reticulum can hold around 5 gallons of liquid. The rumen and reticulum are very close in structure and function and can be considered as one organ. They are separated only by a muscular fold of tissue.
In immature ruminants a reticular groove is formed by the muscular fold of the reticulum. This allows milk to pass by the reticulorumen straight into the abomasum.
Role in digestion.
The fluid contents of the reticulum play a role in particle separation. This is true both in domestic and wild ruminants. The separation takes place through biphasic contractions. In the first contraction there is sending large particles back into the rumen while the reticulo-omasal orifice allows the passage of finer particles. In the second contraction the reticulum contracts completely so the empty reticulum can refill with contents from the rumen. These contents are then sorted in the next biphasic contraction. The contractions occur in regular intervals. High density particles may settle into the honeycomb structures and can be found at slaughter. It is during the contractions of the reticulum that sharp objects can penetrate the wall and make their way to the heart. Some ruminants, such as goats, also have monophasic contractions in addition to the biphasic contractions.

</doc>
<doc id="9753822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753822" title="David of Munktorp">
David of Munktorp

Saint David ("David av Munktorp") was an Anglo-Saxon monk of the 11th century.
David was sent as a missionary to Sweden by Saint Sigfrid of Växjö along with Saint Botvid and Saint Eskil. The missionaries David, Eskil, and Botvid preached chiefly in Södermanland and Västmanland, in the area of Lake Mälaren. 
David is associated with Munktorp, a village situated in Köping Municipality, in Västmanland County. He reportedly originated Munktorp Church ("Munktorps kyrka"). The original church structures, known as David's Church ("Davidskyrkan"), are believed to date to about the year 1055. Munktorp Church is in Västerås diocese, northeast of Köping, Sweden. 
David became known as the Västmanland apostle ("Västmanlands apostel"). David sought to become a martyr but died peacefully in 1082 of old age. After his death, his remains were buried in Munktorps kyrka. David was canonized as a saint after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="9753825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753825" title="Plasmodium cephalophi">
Plasmodium cephalophi

Plasmodium cephalophi is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. cephalophi" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Bruce "et al." in 1913.
Geographical occurrence.
This species was described in Nyasaland, Africa - now Malawi.
Clinical features and host pathology.
The parasite was found in the blood of two antelopes ("Cephalophus grimmi"). 
The schizonts give rise to 8-12 merozoites. Mature merozoites measure 10 x 10 micrometres. 
The merozoites are large measuring 3.5 by 4.0 micrometres. 
The gametocytes are round and possess a number of darkly staining granules. 
The infected erythrocytes are pale.
It is also known to infect the grey duiker ("Sylvicapra grimmia") 

</doc>
<doc id="9753830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753830" title="M2 motorway (Pakistan)">
M2 motorway (Pakistan)

The M-2 is a motorway in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is 367 km long and connects Lahore with Islamabad. It passes through Kala Shah Kaku, Sheikhupura, Khanqah Dogran,Kot Sarwar, Pindi Bhattian, Salem, Lilla, Kot Momin, Kallar Kahar, Balksar, and Chakri before ending just outside the twin cities Rawalpindi and Islamabad. It then continues on to eventually become the M1 motorway linking the twin cities with Peshawar. The M-2 crosses the junction of the M3 (to Faisalabad) at Pindi Bhattian. It is part of Pakistan's Motorway Network. Chaudhary Ghias Mela recently inaugurated the Sial More interchange which exits at Sial More and provides an alternate route to Sargodha.
One of the most expensive motorways in Asia, it has the highest pillared-bridge in Asia (at the Khewra Salt Range)
Route.
The M-2 starts to the west of Lahore, at the Thokar Niaz Baig junction of N-5 (National Highway No. 5). Once it crosses the Ravi River, it diverges from the N-5 (also known as GT or Grand Trunk Road) and heads west towards Sheikhupura. After passing the Sheikhupura Interchange Khanqah Dogran Interchange comes at a distance of 36 km from the Sheikhupura Interchange. After once at Pindi Bhattian, it crosses the M3 junction and turns north-west. It continues all the way to Kallar Kahar, where it enters the Salt Ranges. Once past the Salt Ranges, the M-2 turns north and ends just west of Rawalpindi at the junction between the Islamabad Link Road and the M1. The whole stretch of the M-2 consists of 6 lanes, and there are a number of rest areas along the route, with washroom and eating facilities.
History.
The M-2 was conceived by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in his first term(1990–1993) and later inaugurated on November 26, 1997, during his second term. In late 2006, upgrades were made to the portion of the M-2 passing through the Salt Ranges due to increasing complaints of drivers. The upgrades included better marking of the road lines and increased size of road signs for easy visibility.
1. M2 Zero Point, Lahore
2. Babu Sabu Interchange
3. Faiz Pure Interchange
4. Kot Abdul Malik Interchange
5. Kala Shah Kaku Interchange 
6. Sheikhupura Interchange
7. Khanqah Dogran Interchange
8. Sukheki Interchange
9. Motorway M-3 Pindi Bhattian-Faisalabad
10. Pindi Bhattian Interchange
11. Makhzoom Interchange
12. Kot Momin Interchange
13. Saalam Interchange
14. Bhera Interchange
13. Lilla Sharif Interchange
15. Kallar Kahar Interchange
16. Balkassar Interchange
17. Chakri Interchange
18. M2-M1 Junction, Islamabd
Fuel stations.
Sunday is the only day when CNG remains available throughout this route.

</doc>
<doc id="9753841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753841" title="Kite Stories">
Kite Stories

Kite Stories is an ambient installation album from British musician Brian Eno, released in 1999.
Overview.
An Opal release, with no catalogue number, this title is only available from EnoShop.
The music on the album is taken from an installation—a show featuring music and visuals—that took place at the Kiasma Museum of Contemporary Art in Helsinki, Finland, from 11 December 1999 to 6 February 2000.
The installation included a generative music system and a collection of objects chosen for their spatial presence - stones, sand and light sculptures. The original music was composed of eight layers of sound, each one playing on a CD player situated somewhere in the gallery, the sounds from which were all looped, providing an almost infinite variety of sonic possibilities. The music on the CD, at only half an hour in length, is a very much curtailed version of something that lasted for two months.
Eno made the music in his studios in London. He said ""I think of shows like this as 'music in more dimensions' or perhaps 'music for more senses' ... a process more similar to painting or collage than conventional music composition. One element in it is nearly 20 years old; most of it was made last week. The music is divided into 8 independent layers, one of which is playing on each CD player. Since these players are not synchronized, the music constantly recombines into different patterns"".
The heavily-treated, slowed-down & stretched-out vocals on parts II & III are based on a Japanese ghost-story, "Onmyo-Ji", by Reiko Otano and was read by Kyoko Inatome, a waitress from his favorite sushi restaurant. Eno comments ""I time-stretched her readings using Sound-Designer software, and then re-pitched the stretched voice using Digitech Studio Vocalist"".
""The stars are faraway suns"
"In the temple of heaven"
"Another name for it is"
"The temple of little lights""

</doc>
<doc id="9753890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753890" title="Beauport, Sleeper-McCann House">
Beauport, Sleeper-McCann House

Beauport, also known as Sleeper-McCann House, Little Beauport, or Henry Davis Sleeper House, is a historic house in Gloucester, Massachusetts. It was built starting in 1907 as the summer home of interior decorator and antique collector Henry Davis Sleeper. Situated on the rocks overlooking Gloucester Harbor, the structure was repeatedly enlarged and modified by Sleeper, and filled with a large collection of fine art, folk art, architectural artifacts, and other collectible materials. Sleeper decorated the (ultimately 56) rooms to evoke different historical and literary themes. After his death, Charles and Helena Woolworth McCann acquired the house and its contents. They preserved much of the Sleeper's designs and decorations, but made some modifications, including adding their porcelain collection to the house. Their heirs donated the property to the Society for the Protection of New England Antiquities (now Historic New England) in 1947, who operate the property as a house museum.
Beauport served as Sleeper's escape, a backdrop for summer parties, and as a showcase for his professional skills. The house has frequently been written about in books and magazines, with the first major article appearing in "House Beautiful" in 1916. It has been featured in such diverse publications as "Architectural Digest", "Country Living", and "The Boston Globe", and as been showcased on televisions programs such as "America's Castles".
Beauport was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2003. In addition to the main house, the property also as a gate house, garage, and toolshed that were built by Sleeper. The gate house has been adapted by Historic New England as a visitor reception area, and the toolshed now houses restrooms. The garage is used for storage and as office space. There is a single non-contributing building on the property, a caretaker's house, is potentially of local historic interest as an example of a prefabricated post-World War II residential structure.

</doc>
<doc id="9753894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753894" title="Jack Pelech">
Jack Pelech

John "Jack" Pelech OC (1934–2008) was a Canadian litigation and business lawyer.
Acclaimed amateur sports volunteer organizer and the guiding force behind the Canada Games since 1969. Helped launch the Participaction fitness campaign. Chaired Hamilton's past bids for the Pan-American Games and Commonwealth Games and helped organize the Road World Cycling Championships and World Judo Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="9753917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753917" title="Mano Destra">
Mano Destra

Mano Destra is a lesbian art film by the Swiss filmmaker Cleo Übelmann, released in 1986. In black and white, "Mano Destra" (Italian for "right hand") is a study of erotic objectification which depicts one woman tying up another woman in a lengthy act of consensual bondage. Made in Switzerland, the film is 53 minutes long.
Images from the film were later published in 1988 as part of a book, "The Dominas - Mano Destra" by the Cleo Uebelmann-Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9753924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753924" title="Dehra Parker">
Dehra Parker

Dame Dehra S. Parker, GBE, PC (NI) (13 August 1882 – 30 November 1963) was the longest serving woman MP in the Northern Ireland House of Commons.
Family life.
Dehra Kerr-Fisher was born in a military hospital in Dehra Dun, north of Delhi, India, in 1882, the only child of James and Annie Kerr-Fisher. Her father, a native of Kilrea, County Londonderry, was a successful financier. She was educated in the United States, where her father held extensive property holdings, and in Germany. The surname has been spelled, alternatively, as Ker-Fisher or Ker Fisher.
Marriages.
She was married on two occasions, firstly to Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Peel Dawson Spencer Chichester, MP (died 1921) with whom she had one son and one daughter. She was predeceased by her son. She married, secondly, Admiral Henry Wise Parker (CB, CMG) on 4 June 1928.
Political career.
Dame Dehra was first elected as a Member of Parliament for Londonderry, as Dehra Chichester (which she was known as prior to her second marriage in 1928), in the Northern Ireland general election, 1921. She stood down at the 1929 election just before her second marriage but was elected unopposed as Dehra Parker in the 15 March 1933 by-election for the South Londonderry constituency following the death of her son-in-law James Lenox-Conyngham Chichester-Clark, and served until her resignation on 15 June 1960. Her grandson, James Chichester-Clark, was elected unopposed at the subsequent by-election.
From her re-election in 1933 until her retirement in 1960, she faced opposition only once. During the 1949 Northern Ireland General Election, with anti-partition agitation a common theme across the region, she was opposed in South Londonderry by a Nationalist Party candidate, T.B. Agnew, whom she defeated. She was a Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Education from 1 December 1937 to 15 March 1944. She was also Chair of the Northern Ireland General Health Services Board from 1948 to 1949. She served as Minster of Health and Local Government from 26 August 1949 to 13 March 1957 and became a member of the Privy Council of Northern Ireland in 1949. 
She was elevated to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1949 Birthday honours "for public services", having previously been awarded the OBE, and was advanced to be a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire in 1957.
Her promotion to the Cabinet under Viscount Brookeborough was part of his reforming premiership; his predecessor having been criticised for appointing very elderly members to Cabinet. She was the first woman to serve in the Northern Ireland Cabinet. 
Extra-Parliamentary activities.
Outside of parliamentary activities Dame Dehra was a long-serving local councillor on Magherafelt rural district council, president of both the "Northern Ireland Physical Training Association" and the "Girls' Training Corps", and chairman of the "Ancient Monuments Advisory Committee". In 1944 Parker was appointed senior vice-chairman of the "Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts" (CEMA NI), and in 1949 she succeeded Sir David Lindsay Keir as President for CEMA, a position she held until 1960.
Later life.
She died at her home, Shanemullagh House, Castledawson, County Londonderry, on 28 November 1963, at age 81. She was interred two days later in the grounds of Christ Church, Castledawson.

</doc>
<doc id="9753938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753938" title="Peter Bailey">
Peter Bailey

Peter Bailey (born September 16, 1980) is an American author and journalist. Originally from Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, Bailey is known for his gritty, but yet inspirational profile stories on unsung heroes in Miami's impoverished inner city. 
Bailey graduated from the University of Delaware with a degree in English with a concentration in journalism. During his junior year he landed an internship at the "Village Voice" in New York City where his first assignment was to investigate a warehouse used by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani to store documents. Upon graduation, he went on to write for "Newsweek" then "Time" magazine. Bailey covered issues ranging from the AIDS epidemic to "Whiteness Studies". His reporting landed him interviews with major figures including former President Bill Clinton, Guyana President Bharrat Jagdeo, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and recording executive Russell Simmons. Bailey then went to the Miami Herald for what he calls its "grassroots appeal." His series entitled "On the Margins" won the 2007 award for best education reporting throughout Florida by the Society of Professional Journalists and the series was also awarded 2nd place Green Eyeshade Award for best videography. He was also honored by the National Association of Black Journalists for a project called "Shackled Education". 
On November 16, 2010, Bailey’s first book was published. “Magic City: Trials of a Native Son” was written in collaboration with Miami rap legend Trick Daddy. Bailey chronicled Trick's poverty-stricken childhood, crime-laden adolescence and eventual incarceration for drug trafficking, leading to his redemption and fame against the backdrop of Miami. The book is published by MTV Publishing/Gallery Books. 
Bailey portrays Leo Edwards in the film "The North Star", which has a planned release in 2013.
As of early 2013, Bailey is the host of "NiteCap with Peter Bailey".

</doc>
<doc id="9753943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753943" title="Vladimir Karpovich Dmitriev">
Vladimir Karpovich Dmitriev

Vladimir Karpovich Dmitriev (; November 24, 1868, Smolensk Governorate – September 30, 1913, Gatchina) was a Russian mathematical economist and statistician. Dmitriev was born in Smolensk and completed his studies in Moscow.
He was one of the early developers of Input-Output analysis, by proposing mathematical methods to determine of full labour costs. His ideas were revived by V. S. Nemchinov in 1959. He was an important influence on Alexander Chayanov who in 1926 adapted his methods for use in agricultural context.

</doc>
<doc id="9753987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9753987" title="Castle Tucker">
Castle Tucker

Castle Tucker is a mansion in Wiscasset, Maine, USA. Judge Silas Lee built this 1807 Regency-style mansion at the peak of Wiscasset's prosperity, when the town was the busiest port east of Boston.
Lee's death in 1814, combined with the devastating financial impact of Jefferson's Embargo of 1807, forced his widow to sell it. The house passed through a succession of hands until 1858, when Captain Richard H. Tucker, Jr. scion of a Wiscasset shipping family, bought the property. Captain Tucker, his young wife, Mollie and their new baby moved into the house in November 1858. The Tuckers updated the interiors and added a new Italianate entrance to the Lee Street side of the house. In 1859, he added a dramatic two-story porch to what had been the front of the house facing the Sheepscot River.
The couple raised five children here. Captain Tucker oversaw various business ventures including wharves and an iron foundry just below the house. However, by the 1880s, expenses had far exceeded income. Mollie began accepting paying guests (known as boarders)in the summers to help cover the expenses. She and their youngest daughter, Jane, also turned to the sale of home-baked goods, hand-painted china and raising squab for local restaurants to raise much needed cash.
After Captain Tucker's death, Jane returned to live in the house full-time with Mollie. The women helped preserve the house until Mollie's death in 1922 and Jane's death in 1964. Her niece, Jane Standen Tucker, moved to Wiscasset from California to preserve the house and all its contents, making very few changes to the decorating schemes. Their dedication preserved Castle Tucker as it was in the late 19th and early 20th century.
The house is now owned by Historic New England and is open to visitors Wednesday - Sunday, June 1 – October 15.

</doc>
<doc id="9754003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754003" title="Interaction Soil-Biosphere-Atmosphere">
Interaction Soil-Biosphere-Atmosphere

Interaction Soil-Biosphere-Atmosphere (ISBA) is a land-surface parameterisation model scheme describing soil-vegetation-atmosphere interactions.

</doc>
<doc id="9754015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754015" title="Swansea University Students' Union">
Swansea University Students' Union

Swansea University Students' Union () is the students' union for Swansea University and is part of the part of National Union of Students of the United Kingdom. The Students' Union aims to promote the interests of students at the University. It is currently located on the Swansea University campus in Union House, and also has offices in Fulton House- an adjacent building which the university plans to tear down during renovation of the university.
Democracy.
The Student's Union is a democracy governed by the articles of governance and schedules.$ All students of Swansea University are automatically enrolled into the Union at the beginning of each term and then have the right to propose and vote on Ideas (motions) at the Student Forums.
Representing the students are the executive committee which is made up of Full Time Officers and the Part Time Officers. The Executive sets the policy and direction of the Students' Union, and is guided through with policy proposals made at the Student Forums. Commonly referred to as the 'Exec', it is made up of the elected 7 full-time Officers and 13 part-time elected officers. The Chair of the Committee is the Union President.
Student Forums.
Student Forums are held every month. All students who are members of the Students' Union are welcome to attend. Students automatically become members upon enrolment of the University. Student Forums and the Annual General Meetings are one opportunity for students to have their say over the direction of the Students' Union. Students can put forward Ideas, and if passed can become policies of the Students' Union. Minutes of these meetings are made available on the Student Union's website.
Part Time Officers.
There are 13 Part Time Officers.
Services.
The Union runs a variety of services including a supermarket ("MyCostCutter"), two Spar stores, coffee shops ("Just Coffee"), and student bars ( "JC's", and "The Wonkey Sheep"). There is also an Advice & Support Centre and a Nursery.
Advice and Support Centre.
The Union runs the Support Centre which has 2 full-time welfare advisers. It is a free and confidential service that gives advice on a variety of topics, such as debt, academic problems, consumer advice, housing, contracts, personal issues, employment and health.
Swansea Accommodation Service.
The Students' Union officially launched Swansea Accommodation Service (SAS) on 1 February 2007 in the Digital Technium. The Students' Union took the decision to create Swansea Accommodation Service because "it wanted to improve the standard of accommodation available to students, which in turn may help to reduce the high level of complaints made by students every year" SAS has recently moved offices to the front of Fulton House.
Student Swansea Events.
The events or "ents" department, re-branded as Student Swansea Events in 2010, currently run 7 club nights every term-time week. ilovemondays @ Oceana (Monday Night), Flux @ Diva's (Tuesday Night), PlayOn Wednesdays @ Odyssey (Wednesday Night), Sin Savers @ Sin City (Thursday Night), Tooters @ Diva's (Friday Night), Face/Off @ Sin City (Friday Night), Sink @ Sin City (Saturday Night).
Student Swansea Events also run the large-scale annual events during the academic year, including Freshers' Fortnight, for the first two weeks of term.
Student Swansea Events also run the Swansea Summer Ball on the main campus site. This event takes place on the University's Abbey Meadow. Previous headline acts have included Feeder (2009), Florence & The Machine (2010), The Streets (2011) & Pixie Lott (2012).
The "ents" department also help run the annual Welsh Varsity between Swansea University and Cardiff University by selling and distributing tickets as well as match entertainment, merchandise and the after party. There was much student anger in March 2013 when queues to pick up tickets meant students didn't receive tickets, after queuing for several hours.
On Saturday 8 October 2011, Student Swansea Events along with Jokers Masquerade attained their second Guinness World Record. 2018 students dressed as skeletons to record the 'Largest Gathering Of Skeletons' during the infamous Freshers Fortnight. This was their second Guinness World Record following their triumphant record of 'Largest Gathering Of Smurfs' at Oceana in the early hours of Tuesday 9 June 2009 when 2510 students all dressed up exactly the same for the event.
JC's.
JC's is situated on the second floor of Fulton House, and is the Students' Union's bar and coffee shop. It runs a quiz night on Sundays. A popular venue with students, the bar has recently reopened after undergoing significant renovation in time for its reopening in September 2011.
The Wonky Sheep.
The Wonky Sheep is situated in the heart of the student village. Prior to its refit in 2006 it was called "Idols Bar", then known as "Woodys" until 2011. The bar is known for its themed nights, and end of year Carnival.
Divas.
Divas is the student night club, previously named DV8. There was a competition in 1993 to rename the Students' Union bar after it moved from the top floor of the Students' Union building to the first floor. While on the top floor the bar had been called the "Mandela Bar" in honour of the South African freedom campaigner. This was won by Mr Rhys Sage (now a professional photographer) who was a guest at the opening of the bar.
Divas hosts a range of events including the flagship Tooters; a Friday club night with £3 entry, two rooms of music and two drinks for £2 each night.
Sin City.
Sin City is a nightclub and live music venue, which opened December 2006 and was originally partly owned by Swansea University Students’ Union.
In 2010 Swansea University Students' Union took full ownership of the club.
Media.
The Students' Union operates the newspaper "The Waterfront" and the radio station "Xtreme Radio". A TV station "SU-TV" is currently on trial.
The Waterfront Newspaper.
The Waterfront Newspaper is Swansea University's Students' Union Newspaper. The paper is part of the PR and marketing department of the Students' Union. Founded in September 1995, it published its 200th issue on 7 March 2011. The 32-page newspaper is distributed around campus fortnightly during term time.
Xtreme Radio.
Xtreme Radio is Swansea University's Students' Union Radio Station, founded in 1968, making it the third oldest in the UK. It broadcasts around the campus, through the Union's shops and the Student Swansea Box Office as well as online. It is run by students, and the committee is democratically elected from the society members each year.
Financial Information.
Between 20 Mar 1967, and 19 Jun 2002, the Students' Union was a registered charity. During 2002 the Union withdrew from the Charities Commission, after the law changed in 2001 and enjoyed 'Exempt Charity' status, as set out by UK legislation .
From 26 November 2012, the Students' Union once again became a charity.
Guinness World Records.
The Swansea University Students' Union has played a massive part in achieving two Guinness World Records in association with online fancy dress retailer Jokers' Masquerade. In 2009 both worked together to break the world record for the largest gathering of Smurfs. In 2011 they again joined forces to break the largest gathering of skeletons record.
Pole Fitness Controversy.
In October 2013 the Swansea Students' Union banned the university's Pole Fitness society, citing "sexist attitudes". They listed among their reasoning that 
"Pole fitness and pole dancing are a direct spin off from lap dancing [...] We should not be deaf to the very real issue of pole fitness playing a part in upholding this raunch culture and objectification of women and girls and the impact of this on our female students [...] Evidence shows that young women aged 16 to 24 are the group of women who experience the most domestic and sexual violence. This is the age of a large group of our female students. We believe that activities such as 'pole fitness' contributes to an atmosphere where women are viewed as sexual objects and where violence against them is acceptable." 
The decision has sparked a significant backlash in social media and news sites. The President of the society described comparisons made as "highly offensive" and stressed that “Males and females come to class to keep fit and gain strength, flexibility and coordination.” The society Treasurer said “I see it as a fitness class like any other form of dance or gymnastics class." 
Sam Remmer, founder of the society and representative of the Pole Dance Community, released a letter in response to the ban, concluding: "your actions are against equal opportunities and that you are merely discriminating against a society on the basis of ignorance and misplaced stereotypes." He has been joined by students of the university through news websites calling the link to violence being "completely wrong and dangerous" and the decision as motivated by "prejudice and fear" against an "empowering" movement.
The Pole Dance Community itself issued a series of demands as options to the trustees of the students union:
1.You must justify your position. In doing so, please refrains from the use of the statement "we believe..." and instead use a phrase such as "it has been shown that..." followed by evidence of what has been shown. We welcome any expansion or explanation of your stated beliefs as the statements made by you thus far are unfortunately, unworthy of rational argument.
2.You must reverse your decision.
3.You must resign your positions on the board. The stance taken by you is an embarrassment to common sense and unbefitting of a board paid for by the students and tasked with such responsibilities. You should therefore allow the students of Swansea University to elect a new SU board more befitting of this respected educational institution.
The Union then U-turned on their original policy. President Raja admitted the decision was "wrong" and, following a student referendum suggested by Women's Officer Rosie Inman (who had previously opposed the society), the society was fully reinstated.

</doc>
<doc id="9754030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754030" title="Land-surface parameterisation model scheme">
Land-surface parameterisation model scheme

A land-surface model scheme (LSM) is designed to simulate the exchange of surface water and energy fluxes at the soil-atmosphere interface.

</doc>
<doc id="9754070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754070" title="Ruth Bidgood">
Ruth Bidgood

Ruth Bidgood (born Ruth Jones, 20 July 1922) is a British poet.
She was born at Blaendulais, Seven Sisters, near Neath. Her Welsh-speaking father was a priest in Port Talbot, where Ruth was brought up. She was educated at a grammar school in Port Talbot, and went on to read English at St Hugh's College in the University of Oxford.
During World War II, she served as a Wren as a coder in Egypt, at Alexandria.
After the war she worked in London helping to prepare a new edition of "Chambers's Encyclopaedia", but eventually she and her husband moved to Coulsdon in Surrey. She and her husband had two sons and one daughter.
She and her husband bought a bungalow at Abergwesyn, near Llanwrtyd Wells in Powys. In the 1970s she made her home there, and began publishing poetry and researches into local history.
In April 2011 her collection, "Time Being", was awarded the Roland Mathias Prize.
A book-length study of Bidgood's work, written by Matthew Jarvis, was published in 2012. The book was launched together with Bidgood's "Above the Forests" collection at Aberystwyth Arts Centre on 27 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9754072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754072" title="Diad">
Diad

The diad is a structure in the cardiac myocyte located at the sarcomere Z-line. It is composed of a single t-tubule paired with a terminal cisterna of the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The diad plays an important role in excitation-contraction coupling by juxtaposing an inlet for the action potential near a source of Ca2+ ions. This way, the wave of depolarization can be coupled to calcium-mediated cardiac muscle contraction via the sliding filament mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="9754080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754080" title="National Association of State Foresters">
National Association of State Foresters

The National Association of State Foresters (NASF) is a non-profit organization that represents the directors of the 50 state forestry agencies, eight United States territories, and the District of Columbia. State foresters manage and protect state and private forests across the United States, which together encompass two-thirds of the nation's forests.
Through public-private partnerships, NASF seeks to discuss, develop, sponsor and promote programs and activities which will advance the practice of sustainable forestry, the conservation and protection of forest lands and associated resources and the establishment and protection of forests in the urban environment. NASF was established in 1920.
The Cooperative Forest Fire Prevention (CFFP) Program, commonly known as the Smokey Bear program, was created to maintain public awareness of the need to prevent human caused wildfires. It is managed by the United States Forest Service in cooperation with the Ad Council and NASF.

</doc>
<doc id="9754102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754102" title="KBOI (AM)">
KBOI (AM)

KBOI is a commercial radio station located in Boise, Idaho, broadcasting on 670 AM and is under ownership of Cumulus Media. KBOI airs news/talk programming. With a powerful 50,000-watt signal, KBOI can be heard east to west from the Rocky Mountains to the Cascades and north to south from Seattle to Northern California. It was originally on 950 kHz and moved to 670 kHz in 1968.
The KBOI morning show, "Idaho's First Morning News/Idaho Talks Live" is anchored by Paul J. Schneider and Chris Walton. Schneider, an Illinois native who moved to Idaho as a teen with his parents and brother, has been a KBOI morning host since 1976. Walton, a native of Twin Falls, Idaho, joined the program in 2001, moving from the morning show at Citadel-owned classic rock station KKGL. The KBOI morning newscaster is station news director Ken Weaver, who relocated to Boise after working in radio news for several years in Oklahoma and Arkansas. The radio program was simulcast on local Fox television station KTRV-TV from 8am to 10am Monday through Friday from 2003 through 2010. KTRV dropped the program after Boise CBS affiliate television station KBCI-TV changed its call letters to KBOI-TV to reflect a renewed partnership with KBOI radio.
KBOI was a CBS Radio affiliate until 2005 when Citadel assigned it the ABC affiliation, preluding to Citadel's 2007 acquisition of ABC Radio. Citadel merged with Cumulus Media on September 16, 2011. 
KBOI was the contracted radio station for Boise State University football and basketball from 1973 through early 2008. Schneider served as play-by-play announcer during that entire period with a variety of color commentators. The Broncos returned to KBOI during the 2010 season with Bob Behler serving as the Voice of the Broncos.
KBOI's afternoon drive slot is held by Boise talk show host Nate Shelman.
The station also features syndicated shows hosted by Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, John Batchelor and Mark Levin. KBOI was programmed by Andrew Paul from December 2002 to May 2011. 670 KBOI is now under the programming direction of David Allen who relocated from sister station WBAP in Dallas Texas.
KBOI was the number-one-rated radio station in the Boise market for the spring 2009 ratings period with a 6.9 Arbitron share among persons age 12+.

</doc>
<doc id="9754103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754103" title="Vice President of Colombia">
Vice President of Colombia

The Vice President of Colombia is the first in the presidential line of succession, becoming the new President of Colombia upon leaves of absence or death, resignation, or removal of the President, as designated by the Colombian Constitution of 1991 which also reinstated the vice president figure after almost a century of being abolished during the presidency of Rafael Núñez. The Vice President can not assume Presidential functions on temporary absences of the President such as official trips abroad or vacations. In these cases, the President delegates functions to a cabinet member, usually the Minister of the Interior. The current Vice President of Colombia is Angelino Garzón.
Eligibility.
The vice president must be a natural-born citizen of Colombia, at least 30 years of age.[http://pdba.georgetown.edu/Comp/Ejecutivo/Presidencia/requisitos.html] The Colombian Constitution of 1991 requires the vice president to meet the same eligibility requirements as the president that can be re-elected. It is also eligible for an unlimited number of terms as vice president.
Current functions.
The Vice President has the same period of functions that the President of Colombia and will replace him in case of temporary or complete absences. The Vice President can also be authorized by the President special missions (like to represent him on international diplomatic visits) or designate him in any position of the Colombian Executive branch of Power.
Every President has defined the Vice President's functions within their government. 
Constitutional mandate.
According to the Decree 2719 of December 17, 2000 in the Colombian Constitution of 1991 which modified the structure of the Administrative Department of the Presidency of the Republic, the functions of the Vice President are:

</doc>
<doc id="9754107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754107" title="Walter Sherman Gifford">
Walter Sherman Gifford

Walter Sherman Gifford (January 10, 1885 – May 7, 1966) was born in Salem, Massachusetts, United States. He is best known as the president of the AT&T Corporation from 1925 to 1948.
Biography.
Walter Sherman Gifford was born in Salem, Massachusetts on January 10, 1885. He graduated from Harvard University in 1905. In July 1906 he joined the Western Electric Company in Chicago as Assistant Secretary and Treasurer. In 1911 Gifford left Western Electric, went to Arizona in a copper mining venture that he tired of after six months. However, Theodore N. Vail hired him as Chief statistician for American Telephone & Telegraph in New York. In 1916 he was called to national service during World War I.
During the war he became Supervising Director of the Committee on Industrial Preparedness of the National Consulting Board, Director of the Council of National Defense and Advisory Commission, and Secretary of the U. S. Representation on the Inter-Allied Munitions Council. After the war he returned to AT&T and soon became a Vice President. In 1925, at the age of only 40 years, he became the president of the AT&T Corporation when the existing president Harry Bates Thayer was made chairman of the board of directors. That same year he established the Bell Telephone Laboratories as a separate entity which would take over the work being conducted by Western Electric's engineering department's research division.
According to one historian,
Gifford had a video telephone conversation in 1927 with Herbert Hoover, then Secretary of Commerce, through AT&T's pioneering technology in television transmission over wire. He was awarded the Vermilye Medal in 1943.
During Gifford's presidency lasting 23 years, AT&T experienced tremendous growth. Gifford increased operating revenue from $657 million to $2.25 billion. In 1927, Gifford relaunched his firm's overseas operations and by 1948, 72 foreign countries were linked by wire and radio with AT&T lines. In 1950, he retired from the post of chairman of AT&T which he occupied from 1948-1950. By then he had served AT&T for 45 years.
Other information.
Kenneth Bilby (1986) tells of Gifford's courage in business:
In 1922 Gifford was became one of the founding trustees of the Grand Central Art Galleries, an artists' cooperative established that year by John Singer Sargent, Edmund Greacen, Walter Leighton Clark, and others. Also on the board were the Galleries' architect, William Adams Delano; Robert DeForest, president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art; Frank Logan, vice-president of the Art Institute of Chicago; Irving T. Bush, president of the Bush Terminal Company; and Clark. Gifford served as secretary and treasurer for the organization.
After his retirement from AT&T, Gifford served as the U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain from 1950-53. His son Richard P. Gifford succeeded him as an international businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="9754119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754119" title="Cogswell's Grant">
Cogswell's Grant

Cogswell's Grant is a working farm and historic house museum in Essex, Massachusetts. It was the summer home of Bertram K. and Nina Fletcher Little, preeminent collectors of American decorative arts in the mid 20th century. Through her research and innumerable publications, Mrs. Little charted new areas of American folk art (which she preferred to call "country arts"), such as decorative painting, floor coverings, boxes, and New England pottery.
In 1937, the Littles purchased this farm, including its 18th-century farmhouse with views of the Essex River, as a family retreat and place to entertain. They named it Cogswell's Grant, after John Cogswell, who was the first English colonial owner of the property, which includes about of land. They carefully restored the farmhouse, trying to preserve original 18th-century finishes and carefully documenting their work, and decorated from their extensive collection of artifacts. In more than 50 years of collecting, they sought works of strong, even quirky character, and in particular favored objects with their original finishes and New England histories. They decorated the house for visual delight rather than historic accuracy. The result is rich in atmosphere and crowded with collections of things—primitive paintings, redware, painted furniture, stacked Shaker boxes, weather vanes and decoys—that have since come to define the country look.
Bertram Little served for many years as president of the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities, now called Historic New England. The Littles bequeathed the property, complete with its contents and associated records, to that organization in 1984. Part of the 19th century barn north of the house has been adapted for use as a visitor's center, and the rear ell of the house has been adapted for use as a caretaker's residence and visitor restrooms.
Cogswell's Grant is open for public tours Wednesday through Sunday, June 1 - October 15.

</doc>
<doc id="9754133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754133" title="Columbus Regional Airport Authority">
Columbus Regional Airport Authority

Columbus Regional Airport Authority (CRAA) oversees the operations of Port Columbus International Airport, Rickenbacker International Airport and Bolton Field airports in the Columbus, Ohio, area.
History.
The Columbus Regional Airport Authority was created in 2003 when the Columbus Airport Authority merged with the Rickenbacker Port Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="9754158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754158" title="National Philharmonic of Ukraine">
National Philharmonic of Ukraine

The National Philharmonic of Ukraine (), often referred to as Kiev Philharmonic and "National Philharmonic", is a complex of two adjacent concert halls in the Khrestchaty Park in Kiev, Ukraine. Formerly the Merchant's House, the building's use for musical performances is associated with the Philharmonic Society, established by Mykola Lysenko.
The historic building was built at the end of the 19th century. Standing at the end of Khreschatyk street near the European Square, it has hosted numerous Russian composers such as Sergei Rachmaninoff, Alexander Scriabin, and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and famous opera singers like Leonid Sobinov and Feodor Chaliapin.
History.
The Merchant's House.
At the end of the nineteenth century, Kiev, at the time the leading commercial center in the south-west of the Russian Empire, flourished in its cultural development. In 1881, the Council of Elders of the Kiev Merchants Assembly acquired permission to establish a recreational area in the Tsarskaya ("Tsar’s") Square (now the "European Square") where a year later a brick building decorated with towers and metal eaves was erected by the famous Kiev architect Vladimir Nikolayev and named the "Merchants' House" ("Merchants' Assembly"). The building rapidly gained recognition among Kiev residents and became the center for cultural gatherings where society held masquerade balls, science and political conferences, charitable lotteries, and literary evenings. Because of the building's good acoustics the Merchants' House became popular for musical performances.
The history of the Merchants' House has been greatly affected by the Ukrainian composer, pianist and conductor Mykola Lysenko. As one of the founders of the Philharmonic Society, Ukrainian Club, and Ukrainian School of Music, Lysenko was elected to the directorate board of the Merchants' House and brought the music of many Russian and European composers to the citizens of Kiev.
After the Russian Revolution the building underwent a big change in its purpose and accommodated the "Proletarian House of Arts", converted to the "House of Political Education", and later to the "Bolshevik Club and Republican Palace of Pioneers". The Merchant's Assembly ceased to exist in 1919. In 1927, the Philharmonic Society moved to Kharkiv when the city became the capital of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. But in 1934 it returned to Kiev when the city regained its status.
After the 1941 Nazi invasion, the Philharmonic Society stopped its work, and most of its priceless archives were destroyed. During the German occupation of Kiev, the Society's building was converted to a "German Officer's Club". This was one of the important reasons why the building was not destroyed, remaining one of the very few surviving pre-war buildings on Khreshchatyk street. Following the liberation of Kiev, the Philharmonic Society building resumed its operation in 1944 as soon as hostilities moved away from Kiev.
National Philharmonic.
In 1962, the building was renamed to "Mykola Lysenko Kiev State Philharmonic" in honor of the composer's 120th birthday anniversary and the 50th anniversary of his death. It was also awarded the status of architectural monument. In the 1980s, the building suffered a flood, during which many of its music libraries and archives perished. The conditions demanded restoration, which began in 1995. A year later, the restored building opened its doors to the public.
In October 1994, the newly elected President of Ukraine, Leonid Kuchma, granted the building the status of National Philharmonic of Ukraine. In 2000, the National Philharmonic received a cultural grant from the Government of Japan with which it was able to acquire a new concert grand piano and additional musical instruments for its symphony orchestra, the Symphony Orchestra of the National Philharmonic of Ukraine.
Today, the Lysenko Collonaded Hall of the Philharmonic remains one of the two most prestigious classical music stages in the city (along with the Kiev Opera.)
Academic Symphony Orchestra of the National Philharmonic of Ukraine.
The "Symphony Orchestra of the National Philharmonic of Ukraine" was found in September, 1995, under the leadership of Leonid Tykhonov. A year later in 1996 the young Mykola Dyadura took over. Since the concert season 2012-1013 Roman Kofman is the orchestra's chief conductor. Today the orchestra is acknowledged as one of the best ensembles in Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9754162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754162" title="John Ruane">
John Ruane

John V. Ruane (October 4, 1936 – September 3, 2006) was an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing. 
Ruane began his career in 1957, competing on the New York State racing circuit where he rode for noted U.S. Racing Hall of Fame horse trainers such as John M. Gaver, Sr. and H. Allen Jerkens. He retired after forty-two years having ridden winners of a number of important Graded stakes races.
John Ruane was living at Ocean City, New Jersey at the time of his death from pulmonary complications in 2006.
References.
John Ruane was honored by his peers to the wall of fame at Belmont Park on the day of his retirement. An honor bestowed on only 18 jockeys who have ridden at the park known as the meca of racing.

</doc>
<doc id="9754175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754175" title="E. F. Hodgson Company">
E. F. Hodgson Company

The E. F. Hodgson Company of Dover, Massachusetts, was one of a number of companies who used specialty mail-order catalogs, to advertise and sell sectional and ready-cut houses. From a small New England town, the Hodgson Company competed with economic giants such as Sears Roebuck and Montgomery Ward, to attract the attention of a growing America in the 1890s. Using the railroad to access its market, the specialty house mail-order catalog company competed all over the United States. There is still a good argument for the theory that the Hodgson Company was in the market before Sears, and equaled them in production. But even so, Hodgson became better known outside of the United States in such places as Belgium, Italy, France, Newfoundland, and Jerusalem. From 1892 to 1944, the Hodgson Company was arguably the most important economic force of the simple agricultural community of Dover.

</doc>
<doc id="9754192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754192" title="Raritan (journal)">
Raritan (journal)

Raritan is a well-regarded literary journal that publishes poetry, fiction and essays. The journal is based at Rutgers University in New Jersey. It was founded by Richard Poirier and is currently edited by Jackson Lears.
Notable writers who have contributed to this journal include Harold Bloom, Anne Carson, Robert Coles, David Ferry, Harry Frankfurt, Joyce Carol Oates, Robert Pinsky, Richard Posner, Edward Said, Jacob M. Appel and Daniel Stern. 

</doc>
<doc id="9754212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754212" title="Fraction of variance unexplained">
Fraction of variance unexplained

In statistics, the fraction of variance unexplained (FVU) in the context of a regression task is the fraction of variance of the regressand (dependent variable) "Y" which cannot be explained, i.e., which is not correctly predicted, by the explanatory variables "X".
For a more general concept, see explained variation.
Formal definition.
Suppose we are given a regression function "ƒ" yielding for each "yi", 1 ≤ "i" ≤ "N", an estimate formula_1 where formula_2 is the vector of the "i"th observations on all the explanatory variables. We define the fraction of variance unexplained (FVU) as:
where "R"2 is the coefficient of determination and "VAR"err and "VAR"tot are the variance of the estimated residuals and the sample variance of the dependent variable. "SS""err" (the sum of squared predictions errors, equivalently the residual sum of squares), "SS""tot" (the total sum of squares), and "SS""reg" (the sum of squares of the regression, equivalently the explained sum of squares) are given by
Alternatively, the fraction of variance unexplained can be defined as follows:
where MSE("f") is the mean squared error of the regression function "ƒ".
Explanation.
It is useful to consider the second definition to understand FVU. When trying to predict "Y", the most naïve regression function that we can think of is the constant function predicting the mean of "Y", i.e., formula_6. It follows that the MSE of this function equals the variance of "Y"; that is, "SS"err = "SS"tot, and "SS"reg = 0. In this case, no variation in "Y" can be accounted for, and the FVU then has its maximum value of 1.
More generally, the FVU will be 1 if the explanatory variables "X" tell us nothing about "Y" in the sense that the predicted values of "Y" do not covary with "Y". But as prediction gets better and the MSE can be reduced, the FVU goes down. In the case of perfect prediction where formula_7 for all "i", the MSE is 0, "SS"err = 0, "SS"reg = "SS"tot, and the FVU is 0.

</doc>
<doc id="9754214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754214" title="Target girl">
Target girl

In circus and vaudeville acts, a target girl is a female assistant in "impalement" acts such as knife throwing, archery or sharpshooting. The assistant stands in front of a target board or is strapped to a moving board and the impalement artist throws knives or shoots projectiles so as to hit the board but miss the assistant. The image or character of the target girl has become an icon in fiction and visual media.
Introduction.
Although some assistants are male there is no common equivalent term for a male assistant. This reflects the fact that, historically at least, female assistants have predominated in the acts in question. The presence of an assistant as a human target provides a powerful element of risk. Without assistants placing themselves in danger these acts would be simple demonstrations of accuracy, but with the potential for injury or death the show is much more dramatic. Target girls often wear revealing costumes, thus adding an element of overt sexuality to an act. In this respect there is some similarity to magicians' assistants, although there is a distinct difference in that any apparent danger to an assistant in a magic act is mostly an illusion, whereas impalement acts are demonstrations of accuracy, nerve and calculated risk and the danger is real. While some observers have perceived target girls as masochistic or passive and some feminists criticise the concept as misogynist, several target girls have given accounts of themselves as assertive women and portrayed their experiences as empowering (see Target girls as authors).
Various theories have been put forward to explain the enduring appeal of the target girl. These range from simple awe at the display of steely nerves and complete trust to more complex psychological and philosophical theories. While some point to overtones of sadomasochistic eroticism, others cite dramaturgical works and point to parallels with the story arc of the hero in classic drama. In particular the assistant's performance is said to mirror the plot device of the hero's ordeal, in which the hero proves his or her heroic qualities through self-sacrifice or by facing extreme peril. Jim Steinmeyer, a noted illusion designer who has written well-regarded books on the history of magic, has identified a fashion for female peril as entertainment in the post-First World War period. Steinmeyer has written that P. T. Selbit's stage debut of the "Sawing Through A Woman" illusion in 1921 marked the beginning of a trend for women as the victims of choice for acts simulating danger or torture. While Steinmeyer focuses on stage magic and attributes some of the trend to practical factors, he also points to a broader pattern in entertainment generally, which he links to social trends. He concludes that: "...beyond practical concerns, the image of the woman in peril became a specific fashion in entertainment". A further view on historical trends is provided by performer and blogger Ula the Painproof Rubbergirl, who has acted as a target girl for New York-based knife thrower The Great Throwdini. In an extensive article on her experiences and philosophical approach to the art she notes: "Knife throwing is an old act. So is high wire. And rodeo. And stone throwing, witch burning, beheading, Roman gladiators, jousting, dog fights,you name it - we, humans, love it. And we love a vulnerable woman. Isn't there something oddly attractive about the woman in danger? I remember seeing lots of soundless black and white movies with a girl tied to the railroad tracks or a girl tied to a sawmill by some evil perverted landlord."
Notable real life target girls.
Like magicians' assistants, target girls have often suffered the injustice of not receiving the same recognition and billing as their co-performers. Those that have received equal billing have generally been part of husband and wife acts, which are common in this field. Acts that involve a domestic partnership as well as an on-stage one have tended to have greater longevity than pairings where a thrower recruits an assistant as an employee. It has been suggested that this is because the off-stage domestic ties serve to keep the partnership together in the face of the tensions that can occur within such acts. The lack of individual billing for target girls adds to the difficulty of picking out notable examples. The following is therefore a small selection who are distinguished by particular features of their careers rather than a definitive "hall of fame".
Target girls as authors.
A very small and select group of women are notable for having used personal experience to write about the impalement arts from the point of view of the target girl. They include:
Celebrity target girls.
A small group of target girls are notable for the fact that they are well known celebrities who performed the role for charitable purposes or other reasons apart from their main career. These are examples of the target girl, rather than the thrower, being the main individual in the act. The annual "Circus of the Stars" television special, made by CBS between 1977 and 1994, provided a number of examples. They include:
Fictional and artistic representation.
The mixture of peril, nerve and sexuality inherent in the idea of a target girl has proved attractive to writers, artists, moviemakers and television executives. 
Movie and television.
There are many instances of target girls as iconic or emblematic images in film and television. The most notable movie example is the character Adele portrayed by Vanessa Paradis in the film "Girl on the Bridge" (1999), in which the knife throwing act is at the centre of the plot and serves as a powerful erotic metaphor. 
Other examples include:
Theatre.
The play "Pin Cushion", by Clay McLeod Chapman is based around a husband and wife knife throwing act and consists of the target girl delivering a monologue while her husband throws knives around her. It was performed as part of Chapman's "Pumpkin Pie Show" at The Red Room Theatre, New York, in May and June 2002. The performance involved a genuine knife throwing act, with actress Niabi Caldwell as the target girl and professional knife thrower Dr. David Adamovich (aka The Great Throwdini) playing her husband.
Photography.
The target girl has also been used as an image in fashion and art photography. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="9754240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754240" title="Marei Al Ramly">
Marei Al Ramly

Marei Al Ramly (born December 4, 1977 in Libya) is a Libyan football midfielder. He currently plays for Al-Nasr, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9754276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754276" title="Bertram K. and Nina Fletcher Little">
Bertram K. and Nina Fletcher Little

Bertram K. and Nina Fletcher Little were prominent collectors of American folk art and active historians. Bertram K. Little (1899–1993) served as director of SPNEA (now known as Historic New England) for 23 years. Nina Fletcher Little (1903–1993) published six books including "American Decorative Wall Painting: 1700-1850", and over 100 articles and exhibition catalogues. The couple maintained their extensive folk art collection at Cogswell's Grant in Essex County, Massachusetts until 1984, when it was deeded to SPNEA.

</doc>
<doc id="9754319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754319" title="Messianic Bible translations">
Messianic Bible translations

Messianic Bible translations are translations, or editions of translations, in English of the Christian Bible which are widely used within the Messianic Judaism movement. They are completely separate from Jewish English Bible translations.
English-language versions.
Tree of Life Bible.
The Old and New Testaments have been translated by the Messianic Jewish Family Bible Society under the title "Tree of Life Bible". It is sold in its entirety as "The Tree of Life Version of the Holy Scriptures". The Old Testament books follow the same order as that of the Jewish Bible. The Old Testament translation is based on the Hebrew Masoretic text while the New Testament is based on the 27th Nestle-Aland Novum Testamentum Graece. The Tree of Life Version of the Holy Scriptures was completed by the Messianic Jewish Family Bible Society and published in 2013 by Destiny Image Publishing.
This version contains glossaries for definitions of Hebrew names and words for people, places, objects and concepts which are concise and to the point. The text is user friendly and easy to read and comprehensive for anyone of any age group from children to sages and does not generally burden the reader with alien, foreign cultural baggage nor sophisticated technical terms and is tailor made to satisfy anyone from any background. The Tree of Life Bible was designed both for private or group study and liturgical use, either at home or in a Messianic congregation.
Heinz Cassirer's translation.
After the Cassirer family fled Hitler's persecution of Jews, Heinz Cassirer came to believe that Jesus was the promised Messiah and was baptized into the Anglican Church in 1955 and considered himself henceforth a Jewish Christian. He eventually translated the New Testament, 
. This work was published in 1989 by his late widow, Olive through the William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company, a decade after his death. This publication is now out of print.
The Orthodox Jewish Bible.
The Orthodox Jewish Bible, completed by Phillip Goble in 2002 is a paraphrase that applies Yiddish and Hasidic cultural expressions to the Messianic Bible. Published by Artists for Israel International.
Complete Jewish Bible.
The Complete Jewish Bible is an English translation of the Bible by Dr. David H. Stern. It consists of both Stern's revised Old Testament & New Testament.The Complete Jewish Bible is an English translation of the Bible by Dr. David H. Stern. It consists of both Stern's revised translation of the Old Testament plus his original Jewish New Testament translation in one volume. It was published in its entirety in 1998 by Jewish New Testament Publications, Inc.
The Old Testament translation is a paraphrase of the 1917 Jewish Publication Society version, though Bruce Metzger notes that where Stern disagreed with the JPS version he translated from the Masoretic Text himself. The New Testament is Stern's original translation from the ancient Greek; the publisher describes it as "Jewish in manner and presentation."
Stern states that his purpose for producing the Complete Jewish Bible was "to restore God’s Word to its original Jewish context and culture as well as be in easily read modern English." This translation was also intended that it be fully functional for Messianic congregations.
Stern follows the order and the names of the Old Testament books in the Jewish Bible, rather than those of typical Christian Bibles. He uses Hebrew names for people and places, such as Eliyahu for "Elijah", and Sha'ul for "Saul." The work also incorporates Hebrew and Yiddish expressions that Stern refers to as "Jewish English", such as matzah for "unleavened bread" and mikveh for "ritual immersion pool".
Hebrew language versions.
In the late 1800s, Lutheran missionary and Christian Hebraist Franz Delitzsch (with subsequent editors) translated the Greek New Testament into Hebrew. It has been edited and reprinted by modern publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="9754320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754320" title="Gender Empowerment Measure">
Gender Empowerment Measure

The Gender Empowerment Measure (GEM) is the United Nations Development Programme's attempt to measure the extent of gender inequality across the globe's countries, based on estimates of women's relative economic income, participations in high-paying positions with economic power, and access to professional and parliamentary positions.
History.
In 1995 in the "Human Development Report" commissioned by the United Nations Development Program set-out to create two new measurement indices for measuring development. Their aim was to add to the Human Development Index by way of including a gender dimension in the measure. They were created in order to rival the traditional income-focused measures of development such as the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and the Gross National Product (GNP). Mahbub ul Haq, the first director of the Human Development Report Office, established several principles for the newly emerging measure including provisions that it had to be simple, had to be represented as a single number, had to be easily calculated, had to yield numbers that were internationally comparable, had to use numbers available on a yearly basis and had to use numbers that were easily interpretable. The resulting measures that were created were the Gender-related Development Index (GDI) and the Gender Empowerment Measure (GEM). The GEM, the more specialized of the two, is focused on indicating the relative empowerment of women in a given country.
Definition and calculation.
The GEM was designed to measure "whether women and men are able to actively participate in economic and political life and take part in decision-making" (UNDP, 1995, p. 73)(Klasen 257). The GEM tends to be more agency focused (what people are actually able to do) than well-being focused (how people feel or fare in the grand scheme of things). The GEM is determined using three basic indicators: Proportion of seats held by women in national parliaments, percentage of women in economic decision making positions (incl. administrative, managerial, professional and technical occupations) and female share of income (earned incomes of males vs. females). The GEM is thought to be a valuable policy instrument because it allows certain dimensions that were previously difficult to compare between countries to come into international comparison.
Debates.
As time passes, and these measures (the GDI and the GEM) are applied year after year, debate has arisen over whether or not they have been as influential in promoting gender-sensitive development as was hoped when they were first created. Some of the major criticisms of both measures includes that they are highly specialized and difficult to interpret, often misinterpreted, suffer from large data gaps, do not provide accurate comparisons across countries, and try to combine too many development factors into a single measure. The concern then arises that if these indices are not well informed, then their numbers might hide more than they reveal. 
In terms of the GEM in particular, it is often said to represent an elite bias. It has been accused of measuring inequality only among the most educated and economically advantaged women and to focus mainly on the higher echelons of society. Women in grassroots organizations or at the local political level are not reflected, as well as work in lower levels of employment or in the informal sector, where many women in poor and developing countries are forced to seek employment. Furthermore, statistical information (data) is not very readily available for many of the indicators in the GEM. Not many less-developed countries collect reliable data on women’s involvement in economic participation or labor involvement. As a result, the GEM is only reliable for very highly developed countries which do collect those statistics. It is also often argued that the number of women in parliament isn’t an adequate indication of gender empowerment progress in a given country because many times feminists are considered political liabilities, and as such, female politicians do not always promote female interests. On the other hand, however, information regarding the number of parliamentary seats held by women is very easy to obtain, and very hard to alter, making it one of the more reliable sources of data in the measure. Another criticism of the GEM is its failure to address the issue of female control over their bodies and sexuality, which some argue is an important source of female empowerment and as such should be included in the measure. Additionally, the GEM has also been criticized for being far too dependent on the income component of the measure for determining the overall GEM score.
Suggestions for improving the GEM.
Suggested alterations.
Many suggestions have been made to alter the GEM. It has been suggested that the GEM be altered to include female representation in local government instead of only national government to make it less elite. Furthermore, it has been recommended that it should be revised to reflect female participation in political activities such as voting. Additionally, it has been recommended that a component regarding women’s control over their own bodies and sexuality be added by measuring availability of birth control and the right to abortion. It has also been suggested that the GEM could be altered to include the proportion of females who are in extreme poverty as opposed to the proportion of females holding parliamentary positions. Lastly, it has been suggested that the GEM could be altered to include female levels of unemployment. Other suggestions include coming up with different ways to deal with the earned income part so as to make it a more straightforward mode of measurement.
Suggested Alternatives.
Suggestions have also been made to replace the GEM as a whole. One such suggestion is the calculation of separate Human Development Indexes for males and females which would provide a more straightforward picture of gender inequality (first suggested by Halis Akder in 1994). Another suggestion is to create a Gender-Gap Measure. In 2003 Charmes and Wieringa came up with the Women's Empowerment Matrix which considers six spheres (physical, socio-cultural, religious, political, legal and economic) as well as six levels: individual, household, community, state, regional, and global. The GEE is another suggested alternative to the GEM, this measure would include legal framework and protection of women's rights, as well as other important areas of women’s empowerment that are overlooked by the GEM like women’s movements, public attitudes, and equal rights. Lastly, in the 2010 Human Development Report, a new measuring mechanism was created entitled the Gender Inequality Index. This new experimental measure considers three dimensions: Reproductive health, empowerment, and labor market participation which aim to ameliorate some of the problems associated with the GEM.

</doc>
<doc id="9754322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754322" title="Treaty of Berlin (1889)">
Treaty of Berlin (1889)

The Treaty of Berlin (1889) was the concluding document of the conference at Berlin in 1889 on Samoa. The conference was proposed by German foreign minister Count Herbert von Bismarck (son of chancellor Otto von Bismarck) to reconvene the adjourned Washington conference on Samoa of 1887. Herbert von Bismarck invited delegations from the United States and the British Empire to Berlin in April 1889.
The treaty launched the condominium in Samoa between the United States, Germany and Great Britain. It was designed to guarantee the preservation of rights of the three powers as secured in separate treaties with the Samoan régime in 1878 and 1879. Further, the independence and neutrality of the Samoan government was ensured, public finance was reorganized and the Samoan king elected in 1881 was restored. In an effort to strengthen the judiciary an American/European chief justice position was created, and the municipality of Apia was reestablished, chaired by a council president. An impressive feature of the condominium was the appointment of often distinguished and competent individuals in the administration.
The treaty was signed at Berlin by the three powers on 14 June 1889; ratifications were exchanged on 12 April 1890 and assented to by the Samoan government on 19 April 1890, in effect four governments were party to the Berlin Act.
The condominium ended in political shambles after ten years with the ratification of the Tripartite Convention of 1899 and the resulting partition of the Samoan archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="9754327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754327" title="Lake Eola Charter School">
Lake Eola Charter School

Lake Eola Charter School is a charter school in Orlando. It was approved in the year 1998. Lake Eola Charter School has been awarded five "A" Governor's awards. The school's budgetary position was stabilized to facilitate the remodelling of the main building in June 2007. There were plans to establish a high school: Da Vinci High, which was only available to the public for one year. (2010-2011)

</doc>
<doc id="9754355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754355" title="Oniroku Dan">
Oniroku Dan

Life and career.
Early life.
Oniroku Dan was born in Shiga Prefecture on April 16, 1931. His interest in films was nurtured early in life because his parents owned a movie theater. Dan also claimed to have discovered his interest in S/M very early in life: "I even liked this kind of thing in kindergarten. I remember we had a lovely young teacher in her early twenties. More than anything in the world, I wanted to tie her up."
Growing up during World War II, Dan learned English from American POWs. In the 1950s, he worked as a translator for English-language television programs, including "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". In the 1960s, Dan taught English at a junior high school. While teaching he began writing scripts under the pseudonym "Matsugoro Kuroiwa" for "Pink films" produced by small independent studios. It was during this early stage of his career that Dan's long professional relationship with actress Naomi Tani began.
Fame.
Oniroku Dan's S&M novel "Flower and Snake", is the work that made him famous. In addition to a popular film, released in 1974, this novel inspired a series of nine books, and a new series of Nikkatsu "Roman porno" films released between 1985 and 1987.
In 1974, after years of negotiations, Nikkatsu finally succeeded in recruiting Tani for their "Roman porno" series by agreeing to her request that her first film be based on Dan's "Flower and Snake". Dan and Tani had objected to departures from Dan's story made in the film's script by director Masaru Konuma and script-writer Yozo Tanaka. The film, "Flower and Snake", became a major hit for the studio and is credited both with starting the highly successful S/M genre of Nikkatsu's "Roman porno" films, and with establishing Naomi Tani as the third of Nikkatsu's "Roman Porno" Queens and the first "S/M Queen."
Still offended by the changes in his story for "Flower and Snake", Dan refused to participate in the follow-up to that film, "Wife to be Sacrificed". In interviews, Dan claimed that this second film, which proved even more successful than "Flower and Snake", was based on a story he ahd written, but that he had insisted his name be removed from the credits. Director Masaru Konuma, however, says that it was an original story by Yozo Tanaka.
Nevertheless, Dan and Nikkatsu were able to settle their differences, and Dan later gave the studio exclusive rights to his novels, many of which were filmed with Naomi Tani. Dan's association with Nikkatsu continued for more than ten years, even after Tani's retirement from the screen. Though the films were sometimes criticized for their predictability, the formulaic structure he developed for most of his film scripts became the model for Nikkatsu's successful and long-lived S/M "Roman porno" series.
Retirement and comeback.
In the early 1990s, having by then written over two hundred S/M novels, Dan ceased writing and embarked on an ultimately unsuccessful business venture. After a break of nearly ten years, he returned to writing, publishing his autobiography, "The Flower Must Be Crimson: The World of Oniroku Dan". Soon after he came out of retirement, his popularity was such that he was involved in eight serialized magazine novels and the writing of another book.
In English.
Four of Dan's stories, originally published in Japanese in 1997, were published in English in 2010 by Vertical, Inc. The collection is titled "Season of Infidelity" and the stories have "loosely biographical" elements, while the last story "Bewitching Bloom" is a telling of his relationship with Naomi Tani, also including notes about three subsequent Nikkatsu "Queens"; Junko Mabuki, Izumi Shima, and Miki Takakura.
Oniroku Dan's style.
Oniroku Dan was married, with children, and Nicholas Bornoff describes him as a "man with a genuine aura of rather tweedy, comfortable professorship." Dan developed his own variation on S&M, but when asked if he ever acted on his S&M and bondage fantasies with his wife, Dan replied, "No way! She would beat my ass."
Director Masaru Konuma calls his own early S/M films "European-type S/M," and says, "Later S/M developed in a very Japanese fashion. The Oniroku Dan way." Konuma says that Dan described three purposes of S/M: "for punishment, for confinement and for a sense of shame," and that "Oniroku Dan dislikes S&M as punishment... his novels and screenplays are centered around the 'humiliation' concept."
Dan confirmed Konuma's view by observing, "My book editors often confuse S/M with cruelty and they want me to write some 'punishment tale' for them. This type of story is out of my realm. It just gives me the creeps. Rather, my concept of S/M is 'distorted sexual desire' or extreme disorientation. It's a male fantasy derived from love... from seeing a beauty suffer through the sense of shame. Therefore, my style contains a romantic, aesthetic, and sometimes decadent fragrance."
Konuma says of Dan's female characters, "In his novels, he's searching for the beauty of women. He creates an ideal woman and proceeds to sell an S/M 'fantasy' to his readers." According to Naomi Tani, Dan's perfect film actress must "look good in a "kimono"; she needs to have long jet-black hair; she must have a certain amount of body fat, so that the bondage rope makes a clear impression on her skin; and she has to be graceful under torture, with strong facial expressions."
Dan said that Naomi Tani fit all these conditions, and that he used her as the model for several of the women in his novels. Commenting on Tani's sudden retirement at the height of her popularity in 1979, Dan said, "I went into shock. It was the end of the Golden Duo. I almost decided to quit writing."
In summing up Dan's work, Bornoff comments, "Dan has the knack of making sadism respectable." Commenting on the growing cult popularity of his Nikkatsu "Roman porno" films in the United States, Dan acknowledged the differing ways of cultural and artistic expression between the two countries, and said: "I understand some aspects of the pink film are not acceptable in America. But ultimately, if the American people recognize the special quality Oniroku Dan's world through his sex films - then I am more than happy."

</doc>
<doc id="9754366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754366" title="Koby Israelite">
Koby Israelite

Koby Israelite is a multi-instrumentalist composer, producer, songwriter and band leader.
He released four critically acclaimed albums through John Zorn's Tzadik Records label :
"King Papaya", his most adventurous record to date, was independently released in 2009 to positive reviews.
Blues from elsewhere.Asphalt Tango records.release date-15.3.2013
As well as producing solo material Israelite has established a career producing for a range of artists, touring stages around the world and co-operating with a number of film, theatre and television companies.
Biography.
Early life.
At the age of six, Koby Israelite started taking classical piano lessons at the Tel Aviv conservatory of music.
At the age of 15 he started to play the drum kit and studied jazz at the David Rich School of Drumming in Tel Aviv. Self-taught on his brother’s left handed right handed guitar, he joined several rock, punk and heavy metal bands.
Whilst living and studying in Israel he became exposed to a whole range of different styles and genres from a variety of locations around the world, which has rounded his now eclectic style.
After finishing studies in Israel he turned down the chance to study at Berklee College of Music and instead moved to London to further his career.
Early career.
After moving to London a number of new opportunities arose in Koby's career. He joined a rock group and also became a professional session drummer, mastering numerous musical styles from jazz to metal to drum and bass to West African funk.
After his band failed to agree on the terms of a proposed record contract he decided to part ways and become more independent as an artist, which led to the start of composition and recording of his own solo material.
After seeing the Romanian Gypsy outfit Taraf de Haïdouks play live in London, Koby became immediately endeared to the accordion. The acquisition of an accordion was a milestone in Koby's musical direction.
Israelite began gigging and recording with a number of Taraf De Haidouks members as well as having his music covered by Fanfare Ciocărlia.
After building Bamba Studios at his home in London, Israelite began producing, writing and arranging for himself and others.
Koby sent a demo recording to idol and major influence John Zorn, which was another milestone in Koby Israelite's career.
Signing to Tzadik.
Koby Israelite was offered a recording contract with New York Label Tzadik Records in April 2003, owned by John Zorn himself. He released four albums through the established Tzadik Records imprint, "Dance of the Idiots" (2003), "Mood Swings" (2005) "" (2006) and "Is He Listening?" (2009).
Koby Israelite also contributed to a number of albums written by John Zorn under the Masada series.
Becoming an independent artist.
After success through the Tzadik label, Koby managed to establish himself as an independent artist. He independently released "King Papaya" his most adventurous record to date. He is continuing the recording and production of his own solo work as well as studio and touring projects with a range of other artists and musicians.
Music for movies, television and radio.
Koby's music has appeared on the BBC and Channel 4.
He produced an original score for Israeli Academy Award winning TV programme “The Ten Commandments”.
He was selected to appear in Madonna’s directorial debut film "Filth and Wisdom".
He has written an original score for multi-award winning film "Jerusalem Syndrome".

</doc>
<doc id="9754371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754371" title="KIDO">
KIDO

KIDO (580 AM) is a commercial radio station broadcasting a news/news talk information format. Licensed to Nampa, Idaho it serves the Boise metropolitan area. The station is owned and operated by Townsquare Media.
History.
KIDO started as KFAU (1917) by a Boise High School teacher to teach students Morse code for World War I. It became "KIDO" on November 11, 1928. The station studios were located underneath the stage at the high school.
KIDO's studios are currently located at 827 E Park Blvd. in Boise, Idaho. Clear Channel Communications relocated KIDO and five other stations to this building from the 5th floor of the Owyee Plaza Hotel. KIDO is in the same building as 630 KFXD, 103.3 KSAS-FM, 104.3 KAWO, 105.9 KCIX, and 107.9 KXLT-FM.
The station was assigned the KIDO call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 14, 2002.
For 2011, KIDO announced they would become an affiliate for the BYU Cougars Sports Network.
On August 30, 2013, a deal was announced in which Townsquare Media would purchase Peak Broadcasting's stations, including KIDO. The deal is part of Cumulus Media's acquisition of Dial Global; Townsquare will swap Peak's Fresno, California stations to Cumulus for its stations in Dubuque, Iowa and Poughkeepsie, New York, and Peak, Townsquare, and Dial Global are all controlled by Oaktree Capital Management. The sale to Townsquare was completed on November 14, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="9754374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754374" title="Gyranthera">
Gyranthera

Gyranthera is a genus of tropical trees of South America and Central America, belonging to family Malvaceae.
"Gyranthera caribensis" is a tall (up to 60 metres) buttressed tree, which grows in the Cordillera de la Costa montane forests of northern Venezuela. "Gyranthera darienensis" is a threatened species endemic to Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="9754378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754378" title="Palentown, New York">
Palentown, New York

Palentown is a hamlet in Ulster County, New York, USA.
Palentown is situated inside the Catskill Park in the northwest part of the Town of Rochester. Palentown is located off Ulster County Route 3 (Samsonville Road) just south of the Rochester-Olive town lines. The hamlet is northeast of the nearby hamlet of Riggsville and south of the Olive hamlet of Samsonville.
Geography.
Palentown is located at Latitude: 41.87889 : Longitude: -74.32194 (41° 52' 44" North, 74° 19' 19" West).
It is located about 1053 ft above sea level. The nearby Catskill Mountains rise higher to about 2600 ft in the Town of Rochester. 
The Mettacahonts Creek, which originates in the nearby mountains, and several smaller streams flow through Palentown.

</doc>
<doc id="9754420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754420" title="Roland James">
Roland James

Roland Orlando James (born February 18, 1958) is a former American college and professional football player who was a defensive back in the National Football League (NFL) for eleven seasons during the 1980s and early 1990s. James played college football for the University of Tennessee, and was recognized as an All-American. He was selected in the first round of the 1980 NFL Draft, and played for the NFL's New England Patriots for his entire professional career.
College career.
James attended the University of Tennessee, and played for the Tennessee Volunteers football team from 1976 to 1979. As of 2011, James has the fourth longest punt return in the history of the University of Tennessee, an 89-yard return against Vanderbilt in 1979. While at Tennessee, Roland played in three bowl games: the Hula, Senior and Bluebonnet bowls.
Professional career.
James had the longest punt return in the NFL during the 1980 season. He returned a punt 75 yards for a TD in the Patriots 34-21 win over the New York Jets at Schaefer Stadium on November 2. James recorded five sacks in 1981.
He intercepted a pass by David Woodley on the last play of the Patriots 3-0 "Snow Plow" victory over the Miami Dolphins on December 12, 1982.
James intercepted three passes by Joe Ferguson in the third quarter of the Patriots 31-0 shutout of the Bills at Rich Stadium on 10-23-83, becoming the first player in club history to record three interceptions in the same quarter.
He tackled Frank Middleton for a safety in the Patriots 50-17 rout of the Indianapolis Colts on November 18, 1984.
James recovered 10 fumbles during the regular season and recovered a fumble by Freeman McNeil in the Patriots 26-14 AFC Playoff Game win over the NY Jets on December 28, 1985.
He had 29 interceptions and 42 punt returns in 145 regular season games for the New England Patriots.
James played in five playoff games for the New England Patriots.
Post-playing career.
James went on to coach the Sharon High School football team in Massachusetts. His son Roland James Jr. played for Hofstra. His son Roman James played free safety at Baylor University. He currently resides in Sharon, Massachusetts and is working as the Director of Youth Services at the Somerville Community Youth Program in Somerville, Massachusetts, and is active in other charitable work.

</doc>
<doc id="9754484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754484" title="Tabia">
Tabia

Tabia is a word with several meanings:

</doc>
