<doc id="9679918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679918" title="Norwegian Police Service">
Norwegian Police Service

The Norwegian Police Service () is the civilian police agency for Norway. It consists of a central National Police Directorate, seven specialty agencies and twenty-seven police districts. The government agency is subordinate the Ministry of Justice and Public Security and has 13,000 employees, of which 8,000 are police officers. In addition to police powers, the service is responsible for border control, certain civil duties, coordinating search and rescue operations, counter-terrorism, highway patrolling, writ of execution, criminal investigation and prosecution.
The police service dates to the 13th century when the first sheriffs were appointed. As the first city in Norway to do so, Trondheim had a chief of police appointed in 1686, and Oslo established a uniformed police corps in 1859. The directorate is led by National Police Commissioner Odd Reidar Humlegård. Police districts were introduced in 1894, with the current structure dating from 2003. 
Each police district is led by a chief of police and is subdivided into several police stations in towns and cities, and sheriffs' offices for rural areas. The Governor of Svalbard acts as chief of police for Svalbard. Norwegian police officers do not carry firearms, but keep their Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine guns and Heckler & Koch P30 pistols locked down in the patrol cars. The Norwegian Prosecuting Authority is partially integrated with the police.
Specialist agencies within the services include the National Criminal Investigation Service, the National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime (Økokrim), the National Police Immigration Service, the National Mobile Police Service, the Norwegian Border Commissioner, the National Police Computing and Material Service and the Norwegian Police University College. Several other national responsibilities are under the command of Oslo Police District, such as the Emergency Response Unit and the two police helicopters. The Police Security Service is separate from the National Police Directorate.
History.
The police force in Norway was established during the 13th century. Originally the 60 to 80 sheriffs ("lensmann") were predominantly used for writ of execution and to a less degree police power. In the cities the duties were originally taken care of by a "gjaldker". The sheriffs were originally subordinate the "sysselmann", but from the 14th century they instead became subordinate the bailiff ("fogd") and the number of sheriffs increased. In the cities the police authority was transferred directly to the bailiff. By the mid-17th century there were between 300 and 350 sheriffs. With the introduction of the absolute monarchy in 1660 and subsequent strengthening of the civil service, the importance of the police increased. The bailiffs as such became part of the police structure, with their superiors, the county governor, receiving a similar role as that of chief of police. The first titled chief of police was hired in Trondheim in 1686, thus creating the first police district, although his jurisdiction only covered the city proper. Chiefs of police were hired in Bergen in 1692, Christiania (Oslo) in 1744 and Christianssand in 1776.
From the 19th century, deputies were hired in larger areas to assist the sheriffs. Following the democratization in 1814, the Ministry of Justice was created in 1818 and has since had the primary responsibility for organizing the police force. The 19th century saw a large increase in the number of chiefs of police, reaching sixteen by the middle of the century. Christiania established the country's first uniformed corps of constables in 1859, which gave the force a more unified appearance. Similar structures were soon introduced in many other cities. From 1859 the municipalities would finance the wages of the deputies and constables, which made it difficult for the police to use those forces outside the municipal borders. The first organized education of police officers started in Christiania in 1889.
In 1894 the authorities decided to abolished the position of bailiff and it was decided that some of its tasks would be transferred to the sheriffs. This resulted in 26 new chief of police positions, largely corresponding to the old bailiwicks. Some received jurisdiction over both cities and rural areas, other just rural areas. At the same time the existing police districts were expanded to include the surrounding rural areas. However, the individual bailiff were not removed from office until their natural retirement, leaving some bailiwick in place until 1919. The reform eliminated the difference between the rural and city police forces; yet the sheriffs were only subordinate the chief of police in police matters—in civil matters and administration they remained under the county governors.
The police school was established in 1920 and the Governor of Svalbard was created in 1925. To increase the police force's flexibility, the municipal funding was cut and replaced with state funding in 1937. That year also saw the first two specialty agencies were created, the Police Surveillance Agency (later the Police Security Service) and the Mobile Police Service. After a border agreement was reached between Norway and the Soviet Union in 1949, the Norwegian Border Commission was established the following year. The Criminal Investigation Service was established in 1959, and the search and rescue system with two joint coordination centers and sub-centers for each police district was created in 1970.
The number of police districts was nearly constant from 1894 to 2002, although a few have been creased and closed. However, the organization in the various police districts varied considerably, especially in the cities. In particular, some cities had their civilian responsibilities taken care of by the municipality. This was confusing for the public, resulting in the police services reorganizing to a homogenous organization during the 1980s, whereby the civil tasks being organized as part of the police stations. Økokrim was established in 1988 and in 1994 the administrative responsibilities for the sheriff's offices was transferred to police districts. Only once has the order to shoot to kill been issued, during the Torp hostage crisis in 1994. The police school became a university college in 1993 and introduced a three-year education; in 1998 a second campus opened in Bodø. Police Reform 2000 was a major restructuring of the police force. First the National Police Directorate was created in 2001, and from 2003 the number of police districts were reduced from 54 to 27. The Police Computing and Material Service and the Criminal Investigation Service were both established in 2004. Ten police officers have been killed in service since 1945. The Gjørv Report following the 2011 Norway attacks criticized several aspects of the police force, labeling the work as "unacceptable". National Commissioner Øystein Mæland withdrew following the criticism, in part because an internal report of the attacks had not found any criticism of the police force.
Structure.
The National Police Directorate, located in Downtown Oslo, is the central administration for the Norwegian Police Service. It conducts management and supervision of the specialist agencies and police districts, including organizational development and support activities. The directorate is led by the National Police Commissioner, who, since 2012, has been Odd Reidar Humlegård. The National Criminal Investigation Service is a national unit which works with organized and serious crime. It both works as an assistant unit for police districts, with special focus on technical and tactical investigation, in addition to being responsible on its own for organized crime. It acts as the center for international police cooperation, including participation in Interpol and Europol. The National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime is responsible for complex cases of economic crime and acts as a public prosecutor for those cases. The National Police Immigration Service registers and identifies asylum seekers and returns those which have their applications rejected. The National Mobile Police Service is based in Stavern and operates throughout the country. Their primary role is as highway patrol and manages the police reserves, although they also assist police districts in extraordinary events where extra manpower is needed or where they are in the vicinity.
The Norwegian Border Commissioner is located in Kirkenes and is responsible for managing the Norway–Russia border and upholding the border agreement. Special consideration is needed as it is the only non-Schengen Area land border of Norway. Border controls are the responsibility of the respective police district. The National Police Computing and Material Service is responsible for managing the police's information and communications technology, procurement, security and real estate. Norway has two joint rescue coordination centers, one for Northern Norway located in Bodø and on one for Southern Norway located in Sola. Their jurisdiction border goes at the 65th parallel north (Nord-Trøndelag–Nordland border). Organizationally they are directly subordinate the Ministry of Justice and the Police, although their operations are subordinate the chiefs of police in Salten and Rogaland, respectively. The Police Security Service is Norway's security agency; although considered a law enforcement agency, it is not subordinate the National Police Directorate nor part of the Norwegian Police Service.
Metropolitan Norway is divided into 27 police districts. Each district is further subdivided into local police stations and rural police districts, the latter led by a sheriff. Each police district is headquartered at a main police station and is led by a chief of police. Police districts hold a common pool of resources and personnel and have a common administration and budget. Each also has a joint operations center which also acts as an emergency call center for 112. Many of the larger districts have their own execution and enforcement authority, while this in integrated in the smaller districts. The size of the police districts varies, from Oslo with 2,500 employees and covering a population of 570,000 to Eastern Finnmark which has 160 employees and 30,000 residents.
Each districts has specially-trained mobile units for armed and other challenging missions, and dog units for narcotics and search and rescue missions. The police districts also have police boats for coastal waters and selected lakes, with focus on driving under the influence, speeding and environmental monitoring. In Troms and Finnmark, the Reindeer Police are responsible for monitoring and supervising reindeer husbandry and environmental supervision. As of 2009 there were 301 rural police districts, 68 local police stations and 10 execution and enforcement authorities.
Oslo Police District has a series of special divisions and task forces which provide aid to all other police districts when necessary. It is responsible for the two police helicopters, which is mostly used for traffic motoring, search and rescue and apprehension. The Emergency Response Unit is a deployment unit for terrorism, sabotage and hostage incidents, which is separate from the crisis and hostage negotiation service. Oslo's dog patrol service includes the national bomb squad. The departments further has a mobile deployment squad against demonstrations and riots, a Police Negotiation Unit for use against barricades and kidnapping, a mounted police, and the responsibility for protecting high-ranking government and royal officials.
Svalbard is not part of the regular police districts—instead it law enforcement it handled by the Governor of Svalbard. He holds the responsibility as both county governor and chief of police, as well as holding other authority granted from the executive branch. Duties include environmental policy, family law, law enforcement, search and rescue, tourism management, information services, contact with foreign settlements, and abjudication in some areas of maritime inquiries and judicial examinations—albeit never in the same cases as acting as police. Jan Mayen is subordinate Salten Police District.
Jurisdiction and capabilities.
Norway has a unified police, which means that there is a single police organization and that police power and prosecutor power is not granted to other agencies within Norway. The sole exception is the military police, albeit which only has jurisdiction over military personnel and on military installations, except during martial law. The police are decentralized and generalized to allow a more flexible resource allocation, while remaining under political control. This entails that police officers have no geographical or sector limitations to their powers. The Police Act and several special laws regulate the agencies and the officer's powers and responsibilities. The police are required to assist other public institutions, including the healthcare authorities, and can be asked by other agencies to assist when it is necessary to enact a decision by force. Conversely, the police can ask for assistance from the Coast Guard when necessary. The police are responsible for all responses against terrorism and sabotage unless Norway is under armed attack.
Responsibilities and functions related to security includes patrolling, continual emergency availability, highway patrolling, sea patrolling, coordination of search and rescue activities, embassy security and as a body guard service for members of the government, the royal family and other in need. The crime fighting responsibility is split between preventative measures, such as information, observation and controls, and consequential measures, such as investigation and prosecution. The police further have duties related to civilian court cases, such as writ of execution, evaluation of natural damage, assisting the courts after bankruptcies and functioning as a notary public.
The police have a series of functions related to public management, such as the issuing of passports, firearms licenses, police certificates, permissions for lotteries and withdrawal of driving licenses, approval of security guard companies and bouncers, recommendations to municipal councils for issuing alcohol sales licenses, approval of second-hand shops and arrangements which are otherwise unlawful, dealing with unowned dogs and animals in the care of people sentenced unsuitable to hold animals.
The police also have the responsibility for prisoner transport during detention, including transport to and from court. The police serve as border guards for the outer border of the Schengen Area. The busiest are Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, which has 130 man-years tied to it, Storskog on the Russian border and Sandefjord Airport, Torp. These are the only borders with designated border employees—all other are manned with regular officers. The police is not responsible for customs, which is the responsibility of the Norwegian Customs and Excise Authorities. Norway participates in a series of international police cooperation, such as Interpol, Europol, the Schengen Information System, Frontex, and the Baltic Sea Task Force on Organized Crime. Norway also has a close cooperation with the other Nordic police forces. The Norwegian Police Service occasionally participates in international operations.
In 2011 the police force had 746,464 assignments, the most common with 180,000 assignments being investigation cases, such as reported deaths, controls and reports of motor vehicle theft. This was followed by traffic assignments, public disturbance of peace, animal cases, theft, private disturbance of peace, and sickness and psychiatry. Seventy-five percent of assignments are solved with a single patrol, while ninety percent are solved with one and two. In armed situations only twenty percent are solved with a single patrol. In 2010 the Norwegian Police Service had 13 billion Norwegian krone in costs, of which seventy percent was used on wages. It employed 13,493 man-years, or 1.6 man-years per 1000 residents. There were 394,137 reported offenses, or 81.1 per 1000 people, of which 46 percent were solved. There were 5,399 debt settlements, 226,491 applications for writ of execution, 195,345 immigration cases and 4,615 forced returns.
Investigation and prosecution.
The Norwegian Prosecuting Authority is integrated into the Norwegian Police Service. The authority is divided into a higher and lower authority, with the higher authority (public prosecutor) being a separate government agency and the lower authority (police prosecutor) being members of the police. The latter includes chief of police, deputy chief of police, police prosecutors and deputy police prosecutors. In questions of prosecution the police districts are subordinate the Norwegian Prosecuting Authority and in other matters subordinate the National Police Directorate. 
The higher authorities will take decisions in serious criminal charges and for appeals. The Norwegian Persecuting Authority is led by the Director General of Public Prosecutions, which since 1997 has been Tor-Aksel Busch. The director general makes decisions of indictment in cases with a maximum penalty of twenty-one years and certain other serious crimes. There are twelve subordinate agencies, ten regional and two supporting Kripos and Økokrim, respectively. The regional public prosecution offices take decisions regarding cases not covered by the director general or the police prosecutors.
If an offense is filed, the issue may be investigated by police on duty. Permission for search and seizure is issued by the police prosecutor on duty at the police district. Apprehended people are permitted a free defense counsel at the public's expense. If the police wish to keep apprehended people in detention, the issue is brought to the relevant district court, a process which may be repeated several times if the custody needs to be extended. Investigations are led by a police prosecutor. During investigation, the case may be concluded as a non-criminal offense, dismissed, or transferred to another police district. Minor cases with a positive finding may be resolved by police penalty notice, settlement by a conflict resolution board and withdrawal of prosecution.
Criminal cases with an assumed perpetrator are sent to the public prosecutor, who will consider issuing an indictment. If positive, the trial will take place at a district court, with a police prosecutor presiding over the case. Cases with more than six years maximum penalty will normally be carried out with public prosecutors prosecuting. Either party can, on specified terms, appeal the outcome of the case to the court of appeal and ultimately the Supreme Court of Norway.
Education and employment.
Education of police officers is the responsibility of the Norwegian Police University College, which is subordinate the National Police Directorate. The main campus is located at Majorstuen in Oslo, while the secondary campus is located at Mørkved in Bodø. In addition the college has training centers in Kongsvinger and Stavern. Police officer training is a three-year bachelor's degree, where the first and third year take place at the college and the second year is on-the-ground training in police districts. 
In 2009, 1990 people applied for 432 places at the college. From 2010, admission is administrated through the Norwegian Universities and Colleges Admission Service. The college also has a three-year part-time master's degree in police science. As the chief of police and deputy chief of police are part of the prosecuting authority, they must be a candidate of law to act in such a position. Although there no longer is a formal requirement for such an education, the role as prosecutor effectively hinders others from holding the position.
At the time of graduation all officers are qualified for operational service. However, each employee must undergo 40 hours of yearly training, including firearms practice, to keep their operational certification. Without this, they cannot patrol, use firearms or participate in actions. Forty-four percent of police officers in 2012 lacked such certification. The main reason is that the police districts see it as a waste of resources to train investigation and administrative staff which do not participate in operative duty, and that a higher quality is achieved through specialization of tasks, such as dedicated investigation personnel. 
Each police district may dictate that operational personnel have a higher amount of training, for instance 80 hours is required in Oslo. Officers are certified at five levels, of which the top four can use firearms. Level three consists of a call-out unit for each police district, consisting of a combined 646 people. This requires 103 hours of special training per year. Higher levels are required for body-guard service (55 officers) and the Emergency Response Union (73 officers). All certification curriculum is developed by and organized by the university college.
The Norwegian Police Federation is the trade union which organizes employees from all levels within the police force. The federation is a member of the Confederation of Unions for Professionals, Norway and the European Confederation of Police. It is illegal for police officers to strike. The federation have nonetheless undertaken several actions, including collective sick leave to close a police station and by members sabotaging courses by not participating. Reports of misconduct and criminal offenses by officers during duty is investigated by the Norwegian Bureau for the Investigation of Police Affairs. Based in Hamar, it is directly subordinate the Ministry of Justice and the Police and is not part of the Norwegian Police Service.
Equipment.
As of 2011 the police's new patrol cars are four-wheel drive Volkswagen Passat with automatic transmission. New transport cars are Mercedes-Benz Vito for light transport and Mercedes-Benz Sprinter for heavy transport. The police force operates two Eurocopter EC135 helicopters, which are based at Oslo Airport, Gardermoen. In addition, the Emergency Response Unit can use the Royal Norwegian Air Force's Bell 412 helicopters.
The police have two main types of uniforms, type I is used for personnel which primarily undertake indoor work, and type II is used for personnel which primarily undertakes outdoor service. Both types have summer and winter versions, and type I also has a dress uniform version. Both types use black as the dominant color with light blue shirts. 
Police officers are not armed with firearms during patrolling, but have weapons locked down in the patrol cars. Arming of the locked-down weapons requires permission from the chief of police or someone designated by him. The police use Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine guns and Heckler & Koch P30 semi-automatic pistols. The Emergency Response Unit uses Diemaco C8 assault rifles. Norwegian police officers do not use electroshock weapons.
Previously the police used a decentralized information technology system developed during the mid-1990s. As late as 2012 servers were still being run with Windows NT 4.0 from 1996 and log-on times were typically twenty minutes. The new IT-system D#2 was introduced in 2011 and will have been taken into use by all divisions by 2012. D#2 will be operated by ErgoGroup and will have two redundant server centers. Personnel have access to the system via thin clients. The police have a system to raise a national alarm to close border crossings and call in reserve personnel. The one time it was activated the message was not received by any of the indented recipients. Since 2009 it has been possible to report criminal damage and theft of wallets, bicycles and mobile telephones without a known perpetrator(s) online.
The Norwegian Public Safety Radio has been installed in Oslo, Østfold, Akershus and southern Buskerud. The system is uses Terrestrial Trunked Radio and allows for a common public safety network for all emergency agencies. Features include authentication, encryption and possibilities to transmit data traffic. As the system is rolled out, central parts will receive transmission speeds of 163 kbit/s. The rest of the country uses an analog radio system specific for each police district. In addition to lack of interoperability with paramedics and fire fighters, none of the systems are encrypted, forcing police officers to rely heavily on GSM-based mobile telephones for dispatch communication when transmitting sensitive information. 
Police cars lack GPS navigation devices and mobile data terminal. Instead, all communication must be radioed to the dispatcher at the joint operations center, and officers must rely on printed road atlases for navigation. In contrast, GPS navigation and terminal equipment was finished installed in ambulances and fire trucks in 2003. The Norwegian Public Safety Radio is scheduled for completion in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="9679927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679927" title="Paul Smith (journalist)">
Paul Smith (journalist)

Paul Smith is a leading British football journalist, currently chief football writer for tabloid newspaper The Sunday Mirror. He is a former "British Sports Reporter of the Year". Before joining The Sunday Mirror he was a deputy editor of "Match". 
In 2002 Smith was at the centre of a security scare that made news headlines around the world, when despite the post–September 11 security measures put in place by the organisers of the 2002 World Cup, his press accreditation was collected by the wrong person. The real Paul Smith spent two hours being questioned by Korean police before being released to continue with his coverage of the tournament.
He is a semi-regular on Sky Sports 1's "Sunday Supplement".

</doc>
<doc id="9679942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679942" title="Democratic Party of Vojvodina Hungarians">
Democratic Party of Vojvodina Hungarians

Democratic Party of Vojvodina Hungarians (; ) is an ethnic Hungarian political party in Serbia, led by András Ágoston. It is an conservative party. In 2008 elections, it was part of Hungarian Coalition, which also included two other ethnic Hungarian political parties in Serbia.
Participation in elections.
State elections.
At the 2008 parliamentary elections in Serbia, the party was part of Hungarian Coalition, which won 4 seats in the Serbian parliament.
Provincial elections.
Following the provincial elections in Vojvodina in 2004, the party had one member in the regional parliament of Vojvodina, in Novi Sad.
On the provincial elections in Vojvodina in 2008, the party was part of Hungarian Coalition, which won 7% of votes in the first election round.
Local elections.
In the local elections in Serbia in 2008, the party was part of Hungarian Coalition, which won the majority of votes in Kanjiža (50.91%), as well as plurality of votes in Senta (31.87%), Bačka Topola (46.25%), Mali Iđoš (37.18%), and Bečej (29.63%).

</doc>
<doc id="9679947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679947" title="Amnesia (nightclub)">
Amnesia (nightclub)

Amnesia is one of several internationally renowned clubs in Ibiza due to Joseph Mullen who created Cream in 1996 and was awarded Best Global Club in the 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999 "International Dance Music Awards" for the respective previous year at the Winter Music Conference in Miami. The club is located close to the village of San Rafael on the highway between Sant Antoni de Portmany and Ibiza Town and less than a kilometre apart from Privilege, both among the island's most popular nightclubs. The club can pack more than 5,000 people on the dance floors. Amnesia was the first major outdoor club on the island. Today, the previously open-air terrace is closed, but light still floods in as sunrise approaches. Like Privilege, it is famous for its sunrise dance floor.
Events.
Amnesia is currently run by the Cream nightclub, created and founded by Joseph Mullen in 1996, in Liverpool. It was the most talked about club in Europe, and also the hardest club to get into, with thousands being turned away every week, it is still one of the longest-running UK nights on the island. Joseph Mullen sold the brand in 1998 to Cream Uk.
Club Cocoon, promoted by the veteran DJ and producer, German Sven Väth, is another popular night, taking the share of Monday's crowds since Manumission, for many years its biggest rival at Privilege, moved to Fridays in 2006. Amnesia was also home to the famous club night La Troya Asesina night up until 2006, when it finally moved to Space to end a long association with the venue. 
One of the oldest clubs on the island (island legend Alfredo was a resident in the 80s, when it was open air and the haunt of celebrities in the days before thousands of clubbers flocked to the island every season) it opened in the 1970s, and survived closures and memorable summers alike before it finally cemented its position as one of the island's premier clubs in the early 90s.
History.
The history of Amnesia really began in April 1970, when the Planells family who had inhabited the house for five generations decided to move into town and sell their "finca" (country house) to a widow from an aristocratic background. Ibiza, which had become a destination for tourism already in the fifties, was at that time a hive for counterculture and idealists and the building that was to become Amnesia turned into a meeting point with hippie bands playing and other facets of hippie culture taking place.
In May 1976, Antonio Escohotado, a young man born in Madrid and with a degree in philosophy, who had arrived on the island two years earlier to start a new life, signed a lease with the landlady for use of the premises and he chose the name for the discotheque he was going to establish: "The Workshop of Forgetfulness". He wanted to express that when people go out at night it is to forget their problems and indulge in an unknown world far away from ordinary routine. However, the next day he realized that the Greek word "Amnesia" contains it all.
Two years later, in 1978, Ginés Sánchez, a manufacturer from Madrid took over Amnesia and a decade filled with ups and downs began. Unexpected closings alternated with wonderful summers with capacity crowds in active competition with the other discothèques, such as Ku (now Privilege), Pacha, Glory’s and Lola’s (the last two have long since closed).
In the 80s, a young Basque named Prontxio Izaguirre took over the running of Amnesia, and the music changed to dance music, a mix between pop and funk, and hip hop. Freestyle mixing was permitted and house was about to take over. The Ibizencan discothèques introduced the magic of open rooftops. The original Balearic Beat emerged spearheaded by legends like DJ Alfredo Fiorito and DJ Huggy MacPherson. On the night of June 22, 1991 Amnesia reopened under MFC management. It is at this time that the clubs of Ibiza began to gain international fame. In the mid nineties, Ezna Sands, one of the major influences within the UK Dance scene, was instrumental in the arrival of many UK promoters and labels, including Joe Murphy, onto the Balearic Island and into Amnesia specifically. This heralded a shift in the perception that the Island was simply a destination for 18-30 holiday makers, instead becoming the mecca for dance music enthusiasts the world over with Amnesia and Pacha, amongst others, leading the way.
Due to complaints from its neighbours, Amnesia had to cover its open-air dance floor. Even so, the club experienced massive expansion with the number of bars increasing from four to 16, and from a staff of 30 to more than 200 employees during the summer festivities. The staff now includes waiters, go-go dancers, security, light-jockeys, as well as office workers.

</doc>
<doc id="9679949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679949" title="Keith Wann">
Keith Wann

Keith Wann is an American comedian and performance artist. The child of two deaf adults, he was born January 4, 1969. He has turned his lifelong dealings with American Sign Language into a performance art show. He caters to all hearing, deaf, and hard-of-hearing audiences. In his act, Wann takes his audience on a "visual" journey into his childhood experiences. His current show is "Watching Two Worlds Collide". Keith has also appeared as an extra on Law and Order – "The Silencer", and was a consultant for Pepsi.com. Keith has appeared as a demented character in Mosdeux's Resonare movie and soon will be appearing as a prison convict in the film, "How I Killed My Girlfried's Cat". Keith travels around teaching workshops and interpreting on Broadway. Many ASL students have used Keith Wann's Monthly ASL song club to help them learn sign language in an artistic way.

</doc>
<doc id="9679966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679966" title="Damien Hobgood">
Damien Hobgood

Damien Hobgood (born July 6, 1979) is a professional surfer from Satellite Beach, Florida. He is known for having once held the highest two-wave grand final score in pro surfing by scoring 19.9 out of 20 (under the current ASP system) at The Quiksilver Pro Fiji in 2004 until Kelly Slater eclipsed it the following year at Teahupo'o in the final with a perfect 20.
Biography.
Hobgood is the twin brother of C.J. Hobgood who is also a professional surfer. Hobgood is a member of the World Championship Tour (WCT). Among his notable accomplishments was defeating world champion Andy Irons for the Quiksilver Pro Fiji in 2004. He suffered a shoulder injury in 2005 but rebounded by winning The Globe WCT Fiji in 2006. Hobgood is part of the Surfrider Pro Team which is sponsored by the Surfrider Foundation. Damien also surfs "goofy-footed" (with his right foot leading) - he surfed like this in the ASP Championships in 2000, and won rookie of the year in the competition. Hobgood has had a long term sponsorship with Globe and was announced as a member of the Fox Racing and Sun Diego Boardshops 2011 surf teams.
Personal life.
Hobgood is married to Charlotte Hobgood and have a daughter Savanna Grace born on July 29, 2006 in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9679971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679971" title="Bernard McGuirk">
Bernard McGuirk

Bernard J. McGuirk (born October 26, 1957) is the executive producer of the "Imus in the Morning" radio program. He was born and raised in the South Bronx, New York, where he also worked in his younger years as a taxicab driver. McGuirk has worked in radio and television since 1986 after he graduated from College of Mount Saint Vincent in the Riverdale section of the Bronx, New York in the Monroe Projects. According to the MSNBC website, McGuirk is married with two children and resides in Long Beach, New York.
On air persona.
In addition to serving as the show's producer, McGuirk's role on air is that of antagonist to Don Imus, often referring to him as "a wrinkled-up old buzzard" or "scrotum face", while Imus refers to him as a "bald-headed stooge".
McGuirk is also known for his humorous impersonations of notable celebrities, including Cardinal John Joseph O'Connor, Cardinal Edward Egan, C. Ray Nagin, Muhammad Ali, and Maya Angelou. While working at WFAN, he famously called into other shows as "Antwan from the Bronx" and "Jamal from Jamaica."
Controversies.
On the "Imus in the Morning" show, McGuirk was not known to shy away from saying whatever was on his mind, and always in a heavily accented "Brooklyn cabdriver" deadpan that seemed to both amuse and horrify Imus in equal measure. Imus' sidekick, Charles McCord, often played the role of the instigator, doing his best to egg on McGuirk's famously insensitive but humorous remarks and quips.
For example, after the release of "Christian Science Monitor" reporter, Jill Carroll, who was kidnapped in Iraq, McGuirk stated:
McGuirk, whose political views appeared to skew to the center-right of the political spectrum, often made leading Democratic leaders the subject of his scorn. Regarding Presidential aspirant, Barack Obama, McGuirk stated:
After Imus tried to interrupt him, McGuirk went on again to say it was patronizing to support Obama, and referred to him as, “...a jug-eared neophyte.”
On March 16, 2007, while broadcasting from Boston in honor of Saint Patrick's Day, under the guise of Cardinal Egan, McGuirk referred to Imus as a "satchel-faced bastard", a "clueless old creep", and a "Jurassic jerkoff". Continuing his skit, McGuirk later asked Imus as to whether, "...Anderson Cooper was taking it in the pooper", and then accused Imus of being a "Brokeback-looking 'ol lizard", whose wife was having an affair with younger men the moment that Imus left New York City.
On January 9, 2014, during a debate on "Imus in the Morning" about a group erecting a statue of Satan next to a sign of the Ten Commandments, McGuirk advocated that "They should be able to put the statue up, and then they should be shot right next to it, and then we take it down." McGuirk subsequently apologized, claiming that his comments were "rooted in ignorance". 
Rutgers basketball controversy.
McGuirk played a role in an on-air incident on April 4, 2007 that caused a nationwide controversy and ultimately led to Imus and him being fired. During a discussion of the Rutgers University women's basketball team, Imus characterized the players as "rough girls with tattoos." McGuirk responded in his familiar "urban-speak" vernacular by referring to them as "hardcore hos". The ensuing "urban-speak" conversation involved Imus describing the girls as "nappy-headed hos" and McGuirk wondering if Imus meant to imply that the two teams looked like something out of Spike Lee's film "School Daze", the "jigaboos versus the wannabes"; apparently referring to the two teams' differing appearances. Imus said "Yeah."
On April 11, 2007, MSNBC announced that it would immediately stop simulcasting the show. Originally, both CBS and MSNBC had announced a two-week suspension of the program. The next day, CBS fired Imus and canceled "Imus in the Morning," effective immediately. CBS President and Chief Executive Officer Leslie Moonves stated: 
The day before, CBS chairman Sumner Redstone said he trusted Moonves would "do the right thing", but didn't elaborate.
McGuirk was noticeably absent the following week when other Imus contributors, including newsman Charles McCord and sportscaster Chris Carlin, were on the air with the WFAN replacement team of Mike Francesa and Chris “Mad Dog” Russo.
McGuirk was fired by WFAN on April 19, 2007.
Post-firing.
On April 26, 2007, McGuirk appeared on the Fox News Channel program "Hannity & Colmes" to discuss his dismissal. On May 14, 2007 he reappeared on the program to debate Al Sharpton on the events that led to the cancellation of the "Imus in the Morning" program.
On May 2, 2007, McGuirk made a guest appearance on Jay Severin's radio program. Although there was some speculation in the media that the sometimes controversial station might be auditioning McGuirk for a job, executives of WTKK denied that this was the case.
Boston, Massachusetts talk radio station WRKO had scheduled McGuirk to appear as a co-host with Thomas Finneran from May 23, 2007 to May 25, 2007, but canceled the appearance after enduring several days of public criticism.
Return to the airwaves on WABC.
McGuirk returned to the airwaves with Imus on December 3, 2007. Along with serving as the executive producer, he also has an on-air role. The program is now heard on WABC in New York as well being carried on stations owned by or affiliated with the ABC Radio Network. The Fox Business Network simulcasts the program.
McGuirk was one of the several people who rotated hosting of the post-Imus midday slot in from May to October 2010 on WABC, a job that eventually went to Joe Crummey.

</doc>
<doc id="9679975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679975" title="Guy, Count of Bigorre">
Guy, Count of Bigorre

Guy de Montfort was the Count of Bigorre from 6 November 1216 to 1220 in right of his wife, Petronilla. He was a son of Simon IV de Montfort and Alice of Montmorency.
Guy joined his father on the Albigensian Crusade while still quite young. Late in 1216, he married Petronilla, the heiress to Bigorre and Marsan through her mother Stephanie, and a daughter of Bernard IV of Comminges.
He fought at his father's side at the siege of Toulouse in 1218, but his father died: crushed by the projectile of a siege engine. Amaury VI de Montfort inherited his father's command, but not his strategic vision. The Occitan lords rebelled against him and Guy was killed in a conflict at Castelnaudary in 1220, either on 4 April or in July.
Guy left a daughter, Alice, who succeeded Petronilla. He also left a daughter named Pernelle, who married Raoul de la Roche-Tesson.

</doc>
<doc id="9679981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679981" title="Kasami code">
Kasami code

Kasami sequences are binary sequences of length 2N-1 where N is an even integer. Kasami sequences have good cross-correlation values approaching the Welch lower bound. There are two classes of Kasami sequences - the small set and the large set. 
The small set.
The process of generating a Kasami sequence is initiated by generating a maximum length sequence "a(n)", where n=1..2N-1. Maximum length sequences are periodic sequences with a period of exactly 2N-1. Next, a secondary sequence is derived from the initial sequence via cyclic decimation sampling as "b(n)" = "a(q*n)", where q = 2N/2+1. Modified sequences are then formed by adding "a(n)" and cyclically time shifted versions of "b(n)" using modulo-two arithmetic, which is also termed the exclusive or (xor) operation. Computing modified sequences from all 2N/2 unique time shifts of "b(n)" forms the Kasami set of code sequences.

</doc>
<doc id="9679982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9679982" title="University of North Texas Press">
University of North Texas Press

The University of North Texas Press (or UNT Press), founded in 1987, is a university press that is part of the University of North Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9680012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680012" title="Union of Socialists of Vojvodina">
Union of Socialists of Vojvodina

Union of Socialists of Vojvodina (Unija Socijalista Vojvodine, Унија Социјалиста Војводине) is a political party in Serbia, led by Živan Berisavljević.

</doc>
<doc id="9680018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680018" title="Exploring the Axis">
Exploring the Axis

Exploring The Axis is the first full-length album by Thin White Rope.
Track listing.
The original vinyl version of the album contained tracks 1-10 (in the US), or tracks 1-7, 9-10 & 12 (in the UK).

</doc>
<doc id="9680020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680020" title="Jim B. Tucker">
Jim B. Tucker

Jim Tucker is the medical director of the Child and Family Psychiatry Clinic, and Associate Professor of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Sciences at the University of Virginia School of Medicine. His main research interests are children who claim to remember previous lives, and natal and prenatal memories. He is the author of "Life Before Life: A Scientific Investigation of Children’s Memories of Previous Lives", which presents an overview of over four decades of reincarnation research at the Division of Perceptual Studies. Tucker, a board-certified child psychiatrist, worked for several years on this research with Ian Stevenson before taking over upon Stevenson’s retirement in 2002.
Tucker has also appeared in print as well as broadcast media talking about his work. His investigation of the case of Cameron Macaulay was featured in the Channel 5 documentary "Extraordinary People - The Boy Who Lived Before".
Biography.
Tucker attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa with a B.A. Degree in psychology and a medical degree. He is currently Associate Professor of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Sciences, and in addition to conducting research, he is the medical director of the University of Virginia Child & Family Psychiatry Clinic.
He lives in Charlottesville, Virginia, with his wife, Christine McDowell Tucker, a clinical psychologist, and has presented at academic and public conferences.
Tucker felt unfulfilled by his work in child psychiatry, but was open to the possibility that humans are more than their material bodies and wished to investigate the matter further. Though raised as a Southern Baptist, Tucker does not subscribe to any particular religion, and claims to be skeptical about reincarnation,
but sees it as providing the best explanation for phenomena associated with the strongest cases investigated to date. After reading Ian Stevenson's work Tucker became intrigued by children’s reported past-life memories and by the prospect of studying them.
Reincarnation research.
While Ian Stevenson focused on cases in Asia, Tucker has studied U.S. children.
Tucker reports that in about 70% of the cases of children claiming to remember past lives, the deceased died from an unnatural cause, suggesting that traumatic death may be linked to the hypothesized survival of self. He further indicates that the time between death and apparent rebirth is, on average, sixteen months, and that unusual birth-marks might match fatal wounds suffered by the deceased.
Tucker has developed the Strength Of Case Scale (S.O.C.S.), which evaluates what Tucker sees as four aspects of potential cases of reincarnation; "(1) whether it involves birthmarks/defects that correspond to the supposed previous life; (2) the strength of the statements about the previous life; (3) the relevant behaviours as they relate to the previous life; and (4) an evaluation of the possibility of a connection between the child reporting a previous life and the supposed previous life".
Although critics have argued there is no material explanation for the survival of self, Tucker suggests that quantum mechanics may offer a mechanism by which memories and emotions could carry over from one life to another. He argues that since the act of observation collapses wave equations, the self may not be merely a by-product of the brain, but rather a separate entity that impinges on matter. Tucker argues that viewing the self as a fundamental, nonmaterial part of the universe makes it possible to conceive of it continuing to exist after the death of the brain. He provides the analogy of a televisor and the television transmission; the televisor is required to decode the signal, but it does not create the signal. In a similar way, the brain may be required for awareness to express itself, but may not be the source of awareness.
Media coverage.
Since taking over the research into claimed past-life memories from Ian Stevenson in 2002, Tucker has been interviewed about reincarnation in print and broadcast media in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada.
In 2006, Tucker investigated the case of Cameron Macaulay as part of the Channel 5 Documentary "Extraordinary People: The Boy Who Lived Before". Tucker’s investigation took him firstly to Glasgow to interview the six-year-old boy and his mother Norma about Cameron’s reported recollections of life on the isle of Barra in the Outer Hebrides, around two hundred miles from the family’s home in Glasgow. Tucker then accompanied the family as they traveled to Barra in an attempt to verify Cameron’s statements about life on the island. Cameron's descriptions of his previous family home were entirely accurate; while the family name of "Robertson" also rang true, nothing could be found of the man Cameron recalled as his father on the island.
The documentary also briefly covered another of Tucker’s cases: that of Gus Taylor from the Midwest U.S., who claimed from around the age of a year and a half to be his own grandfather returned to the family. In addition to speaking of a previous life, Tucker notes that both boys speak of falling through a 'hole' or ‘porthole’ from one life to the next.
In 2009, he was interviewed on "Larry King Live" about the cases he has studied.

</doc>
<doc id="9680034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680034" title="Stacy Prammanasudh">
Stacy Prammanasudh

Stacy Prammanasudh (born September 23, 1979) is a retired Thai American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour from 2004 to 2013.
Amateur career.
Stacy was born in Enid, Oklahoma to an American mother and a native Thai father who immigrated to the United States from Thailand. She was raised in Oklahoma, and attended the University of Tulsa where she won the Stanford Pepsi Intercollegiate from 1999 to 2001 and was a three-year Academic All-American, from 2000 through 2002. Prammanasudh was also a First-Team All-American from 1999 through 2002. She was the recipient of the Edith Cummings Munson Golf Award in 2001, which is given to one of the top female collegiate golfers who excels in academics. She finished her senior season ranked second in the nation and won 10 collegiate events throughout her college career. This is the second-most in the school's history, behind only Nancy Lopez's 11 titles.
Professional career.
After graduating from college in June 2002, Prammanasudh joined the Futures Tour. In the fall of 2002, she competed in the LPGA Qualifying School, finishing tied for 24th, which earned her non-exempt status on the LPGA Tour for 2003. Competing on both the Futures Tour and LPGA Tour in 2003, Prammanasudh won two Futures events and finished in the top-10 in nine other events. She won the Futures Tour Player of the Year award, which earned her fully exempt status on the LPGA for 2004.
Her first win on the LPGA Tour came in 2005 at the Franklin American Mortgage Championship.
Until 2007, Prammanasudh's father, Pravat, a native of Thailand known as "Lou", served as her caddie. He retired in 2007 and her husband Pete Upton now caddies for her.
Results in LPGA majors.
^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013.<br>
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for a top-10 finish.
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="9680036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680036" title="Indigenous peoples of Siberia">
Indigenous peoples of Siberia

Including the Russian Far East, the population of Siberia numbers just above 40 million people.
As a result of the 17th to 19th century Russian conquest of Siberia and the subsequent population movements during the Soviet era, the demographics of Siberia today is dominated by native speakers of Russian. There remain a considerable number of indigenous groups, between them accounting for below 10% of total Siberian population.
History.
The Russian conquest of Siberia was accompanied by massacres due to indigenous resistance to colonization by the Russian Cossacks, who savagely crushed the natives.
In Kamchatka the Itelmens uprisings against Russian rule in 1706, 1731, and 1741, were crushed. During the first uprising the Itelmen were armed with only stone weapons, but in later uprisings they used gunpowder weapons. The Russian Cossacks faced tougher resistance from the Koraks, who revolted with bows and guns from 1745 to 1756, and were even forced to give up in their attempts to wipe out the Chukchi in 1729, 1730-1, and 1744-7. After the Russian defeat in 1729 at Chukchi hands, the Russian commander Major Pavlutskiy was responsible for the Russian war against the Chukchi and the mass slaughters and enslavement of Chukchi women and children in 1730-31, but his cruelty only made the Chukchis fight more fiercely. A genocide of the Chukchis and Koraks was ordered by Empress Elizabeth in 1742 to totally expel them from their native lands and erase their culture through war. The command was that the natives be "totally extirpated" with Pavlutskiy leading again in this war from 1744-47 in which he led to the Cossacks "with the help of Almighty God and to the good fortune of Her Imperial Highness", to slaughter the Chukchi men and enslave their women and children as booty. However the Chukchi ended this campaign and forced them to give up by killing Pavlitskiy and decapitating his head. The Russians were also launching wars and slaughters against the Koraks in 1744 and 1753-4. After the Russians tried to force the natives to convert to Christianity, the different native peoples like the Koraks, Chukchis, Itelmens, and Yukagirs all united to drive the Russians out of their land in the 1740s, culminating in the assault on Nizhnekamchatsk fort in 1746. Kamchatka today is European in demographics and culture with only 2.5% of it being native, around 10,000 from a previous number of 150,000, due to the mass slaughters by the Cossacks after its annexation in 1697 of the Itelmen and Koryaks throughout the first decades of Russian rule. The genocide by the Russian Cossacks devastated the native peoples of Kamchatka and exterminated much of their population. In addition to committing genocide they Cossacks also devastated the wildlife by slaughtering massive amounts of animals for fur. 90% of the Kamchadals and half of the Vogules were killed from the eighteenth to nineteenth centuries and the rapid genocide of the indigenous population led to entire ethnic groups being entirely wiped out, with around 12 exterminated groups which could be named by Nikolai Iadrintsev as of 1882. Much of the slaughter was brought on by the fur trade.
In the 17th century, indigenous peoples of the Amur region were attacked by Russians who came to be known as "red-beards". The Russian Cossacks were named luocha (羅剎), after Demons found in Buddhist mythology, by the Amur natives because of their cruelty towards the Amur tribes people, who were subjects of the Qing dynasty during the Sino–Russian border conflicts.
The Aleuts in the Aleutians were subjected to genocide and slavery by the Russians for the first 20 years of Russian rule, with the Aleut women and children captured by the Russians and Aleut men slaughtered.
The regionalist oblastniki in the 19th century among the Russians in Siberia acknowledged that the natives were subjected to immense genocidal cruelty by the Russian colonization, and claimed that they would rectify the situation with their proposed regionalist polices. The Russians used "slaughter, alcoholism and disease" to bring the natives under their control, who were soon left in misery, and much of the evidence of their extermination has itself been destroyed by the Russians, with only a few artifacts documenting their presence remaining in Russian museums and collections.
The Russian colonization of Siberia and conquest of its indigenous peoples has been compared to European colonization in the United States and its natives, with similar negative impacts on the natives and the appropriation of their land. The Slavic Russians outnumber all of the native peoples in Siberia and its cities except in the Republic of Tuva, with the Slavic Russians making up the majority in the Buriat Republic, Sakha Republic, and Altai Republics, outnumbering the Buriat, Sakha, and Altai natives. The Buriat make up only 25% of their own Republic, and the Sakha and Altai each are only one-third, and the Chukchi, Evenk, Khanti, Mansi, and Nenets are outnumbered by non-natives by 90% of the population. The natives were targed by the Czars and Soviets policies to change their way of life and ethnic Russsians were given the native's reindeer herds and wild game which were confisticated by the Czars and Soviets. The reindeer herds have been mismanaged to the point of extinction. In just the American state of Arizona, the Native American population outnumbers the total northern Siberian native population of 180,000.
Overview.
Classifying the diverse population by language, it includes speakers of the following language families (number of speakers reflect the 2002 Russian census):
Simplified, the indigenous peoples of Siberia listed above can be put into four groups,
Altaic has not been proven to be a language family, a phylogenetic unit. It may be a Sprachbund. Paleosiberian is simply a geographic term of convenience. Here, these two terms are listed just to serve as portal-like starting points – without suggesting genetic considerations.
Uralic group.
Khanty and Mansi.
The Khanty (obsolete: Ostyaks) and Mansi (obsolete: Voguls) live in Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug, a region historically known as "Yugra" in Russia.
Samoyeds.
Samoyedic peoples include:
Yukaghir.
The Yukaghir (self-designation: одул "odul", деткиль "detkil") are people in East Siberia, living in the basin of the Kolyma River. The Tundra Yukaghirs live in the Lower Kolyma region in the Sakha Republic; the Taiga Yukagirs in the Upper Kolyma region in the Sakha Republic and in Srednekansky District of Magadan Oblast. By the time of Russian colonization in the 17th century, the Yukagir tribal groups (Chuvans, Khodyns, Anauls, etc.) occupied territories from the Lena River to the mouth of the Anadyr River. The number of the Yukagirs decreased between the 17th and 19th centuries due to epidemics, internecine wars and Tsarist colonial policy. Some of the Yukagirs have assimilated with the Yakuts, Evens, and Russians. Currently Yukagir live in the Yakut-Sakha Republic and the Chukchi Autonomous region of the Russian Federation. According to the 2002 Census, their total number was 1,509 people, up from 1,112 recorded in the 1989 Census).
Mongolic group.
The Buryats number approximately 436,000, which makes them the largest ethnic minority group in Siberia. They are mainly concentrated in their homeland, the Buryat Republic, a federal subject of Russia. They are the northernmost major Mongol group.
Buryats share many customs with their Mongolian cousins, including nomadic herding and erecting huts for shelter. Today, the majority of Buryats live in and around Ulan Ude, the capital of the republic, although many live more traditionally in the countryside. Their language is called Buryat.
Turkic people.
The most important examples for Shamanism in Siberia are Yakuts, Dolgans and Tuvans.
Most Siberian Tatars are Sunni Muslims.
Tungusic group.
The Evenks live in the Evenk Autonomous Okrug of Russia.
"Paleosiberian" group.
Four small language families and isolates, not known to have any linguistic relationship to each other, compose the Paleo-Siberian languages:

</doc>
<doc id="9680048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680048" title="Cyprazepam">
Cyprazepam

Cyprazepam is a drug which is a sedative-hypnotic benzodiazepine derivative. It has anxiolytic properties, and presumably also has hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant and amnestic properties.

</doc>
<doc id="9680054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680054" title="Surinamese Cup">
Surinamese Cup

The 'Surinamese Cup (Dutch: Beker van Suriname) is a competition organized by the Suriname Surinaamse Voetbal Bond (SVB) since 1992. It was based on the size of the KNVB Cup The tournament consists of all teams from the top two layers of the Surinamese Football League Eerste Divisie and District Divisions.
History.
The tournament began in the 1992 season. The first champion was the PVV. In 2007, the SV Robinhood won for the fifth time, becoming the largest tournament champion

</doc>
<doc id="9680066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680066" title="Void (album)">
Void (album)

Void is the debut full-length studio album by the American post-metal band Intronaut. It was released on August 23, 2006 in the USA through the Goodfellow Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="9680070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680070" title="Security Technical Implementation Guide">
Security Technical Implementation Guide

A Security Technical Implementation Guide or STIG is a methodology for standardized secure installation and maintenance of computer software and hardware. These guides when implemented 'lockdown' common and typically permissive software to further reduce vulnerabilties. The term was coined in 1998 by DISA which creates configuration documents in support of the United States Department of Defense (DoD). The implementation guidelines include recommended administrative processes and span the devices' lifecycle. STIG scanning software is used to implement / validate proper configuration.
An example where STIGs would be of benefit is in the configuration of a desktop computer. Most operating systems are not inherently secure. This leaves them open to criminals such as identity thieves and computer hackers. A STIG describes how to minimize network-based attacks and preventing system access when the attacker is interfacing with the system, either physically at the machine, or over a network. STIGs also describe maintenance processes, such as software updates and vulnerability patching.
Advanced STIGs might cover the design of a corporate network, covering configurations of routers, firewalls, domain name servers and switches.

</doc>
<doc id="9680072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680072" title="Billy Moore (rugby league)">
Billy Moore (rugby league)

Billy Moore (born 7 May 1971 in Tenterfield, New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. Usually playing at or in the , he played representative football for both Queensland and Australia.
Moore grew up in Wallangarra in Queensland. He was born in Tenterfield, due to the hospital there being closer than the one in Stanthorpe (Qld). Moore was quoted as saying "My Mum assures me I was rushed over the border before the oxygen had time to affect my lungs."
Moore represented New South Wales under-17s while in high school at Stanthorpe, Qld. He moved to the North Sydney Bears in 1989 and played in the club's reserve grade premiership side. With a radical change of the guard the following year, Moore and a number of other players (ncluding long-time back-row partner David Fairleigh) became regular first graders the following year and propelled the club from also-rans in 1989 to finalists in 1991. Although Moore damaged a jaw at the start of that year, he played superbly in the first semi-final win by the Bears for 39 years against Manly, scoring two tries. Moore was first selected in Queensland's State of Origin side in 1992. Moore was the sole try-scorer in the Maroons' 5-4 win in the second match of the series at Lang Park.
Moore was a regular selection for the maroon jersey for three seasons and famously yelled 'Queenslander! Queenslander!' in an attempt to motivate an underdog Maroons team on their way out of the tunnel in 1995. Moore was reacting to the fact that New South Wales players had said they would belt the first person that said he was a Queenslander. Against all odds, the young Queenslanders won the series 3 nil without its star Super League players. While Moore was initially overlooked for Test duty against New Zealand, he won a place in Australia's World Cup squad at the end of the year. He made one appearance in the competition, against South Africa, before playing further ARL Tests against Fiji (1996) and Rest of the World (1997) in consecutive years.
Moore's value for Norths can be measured by the fact that the club failed to fire in the 1994 final against the Canberra Raiders after he was forced to leave the field with concussion. He continued to play tirelessly for his club in subsequent semi-final campaigns but his representative career ended when he was left out of the Queensland team for the 1998 series. At the end of 1999, Moore failed to secure a contract with the merged Northern Eagles club and reluctantly retired.
In 2000 Moore was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to Australia's international standing in rugby league. In August, 2006 he was named in the North Sydney Bears' "Team of the Century". He now co-owns a restaurant on Queensland's Sunshine Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="9680073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680073" title="Texas State Highway Loop 336">
Texas State Highway Loop 336

Loop 336 is a state highway loop in Texas in the United States. It is a 17.4 mi (28.1 km) highway circling the city of Conroe in Montgomery County. Thru trucks traveling east and west are directed onto this loop, as they are prohibited on SH 105 inside Conroe.

</doc>
<doc id="9680086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680086" title="Stephen Adly Guirgis">
Stephen Adly Guirgis

Stephen Adly Guirgis is an American playwright, screenwriter, director, and actor. He is a member and co-artistic director of New York City's LAByrinth Theater Company. His plays have been produced on five continents.
Early life.
Guirgis is the son of an Egyptian father and an Irish American mother.
He was raised on New York City's Upper West Side. He attended school in nearby Harlem and went to college in Albany, New York, graduating in 1992 from University at Albany, SUNY.
Career.
"The Little Flower of East Orange", starring Ellen Burstyn and directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman, completed an extended run at The Public Theater. Other plays include "Our Lady of 121st Street" (10 best plays of 2003; Lucille Lortel, Drama Desk, and Outer Critics Circle Best Play Nominations), "Jesus Hopped the 'A' Train" (Edinburgh Festival Fringe First Award, Laurence Olivier Award Nomination (London) for Best New Play), "In Arabia, We’d All Be Kings" (2007 LA Drama Critics Best Play, Best Writing Award), and "The Last Days of Judas Iscariot" (10 best, "Time" magazine and "Entertainment Weekly"), produced by LAByrinth in collaboration with The Public Theater in 2005. On May 10, 2008 "Judas Iscariot" completed a critically acclaimed run in London at the Almeida Theater. All five plays were originally produced by LAByrinth and directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman. They are published by Dramatists Play Service as well as by Faber and Faber. Guirgis' one act play, "Dominica The Fat Ugly Ho", was directed by Adam Rapp as part of the 2006 E.S.T. Marathon. His newest play, "The Motherfucker With the Hat" premiered in New York City on Broadway in the spring of 2011 and featured Bobby Cannavale, Chris Rock. It was also performed in San Francisco at San Francisco Playhouse in January 2013 where it received positive reviews. Guirgis is writing a screenplay based on the life of six-time world champion boxer Emile Griffith for Scott Rudin Productions.
Television writing credits include "NYPD Blue", David Milch's short-lived CBS drama "Big Apple", "The Sopranos", and Shane Salerno's short-lived NBC series "". Stephen was awarded a 2006 PEN/Laura Pels Award for a playwright in mid-career, a 2006 Whiting Award, and a 2004 TCG fellowship. He attended the 2004 Sundance Screenwriter's Lab, and was named one of 2004's 25 New Faces of Independent Film by "Filmmaker Magazine".
Guirgis is the recipient of new play commissions from Manhattan Theatre Club, Center Theater Group, and South Coast Repertory. He is a member of New Dramatists, MCC's Playwright's Coalition, New River Dramatists, Primary Stages, and The Actor's Studio Playwright/Directors Unit. He developed and directed Liza Colón-Zayas' "Sistah Supreme" for Danny Hoch's Hip Hop Theater Festival, Marco Greco's award-winning "Behind the Counter with Mussolini" in New York and Los Angeles, and directed Melanie Maras' "Kiss Me on the Mouth" for InViolet Rep.
As an actor, Guirgis appeared in "Guinea Pig Solo", produced by LAByrinth at the Public Theater, and has leading roles in Todd Solondz's "Palindromes", Brett C. Leonard's "Jailbait" opposite Michael Pitt, and in Kenneth Lonergan's "Margaret". Other film credits include Philip Seymour Hoffman's "Jack Goes Boating", Charlie Kaufman's "Synecdoche, New York", Adam Rapp's "Blackbird", Noah Buschel's "Neal Cassady", "Meet Joe Black", "Noise", "", and an episode of the long running New York City-based TV series "Law & Order".
A former violence prevention specialist/HIV educator, Guirgis has facilitated numerous workshops in New York City area prisons, schools, shelters, and hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="9680090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680090" title="Suriname President's Cup">
Suriname President's Cup

The 'Suriname President's Cup is a Super Cup type competition of the SVB, Suriname, where the winners of the league and the cup plays against each other
History.
The tournament began in the 1993 season. The first champion was the PVV. In 2001, the SV Robinhood won for the fifth time, becoming the largest tournament champion

</doc>
<doc id="9680096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680096" title="Aleksandr Sukhovo-Kobylin">
Aleksandr Sukhovo-Kobylin

Aleksandr Vasilyevich Sukhovo-Kobylin () (, Moscow - , Beaulieu-sur-Mer, France), was a Russian nobleman, chiefly known for the works he authored as an amateur playwright. His sister Evgenia Tur was a popular novelist, critic and journalist.
Biography.
A rich aristocrat who often travelled, Sukhovo-Kobylin was arrested, prosecuted and tried for seven years in Russia for the murder of his French mistress Louise-Simone Dimanche, a crime of which he is nowadays generally believed to have been innocent. He only managed to achieve acquittal by means of giving enormous bribes to court officials and by using all of his contacts in the Russian elite. According to his own version as well as the generally accepted view today, he was targeted precisely because he had the financial capabilities to give such bribes. Based on his personal experiences, Sukhovo-Kobylin wrote a trilogy of satirical plays about the prevalence of bribery and other corrupt practices in the Russian judicial system of the time - "Krechinsky's Wedding" (Russian: "Свадьба Кречинского") (1850–1854, begun in prison), "The Trial" (alternatively titled "The Case") (Russian: "Дело") (1861), and "Tarelkin's Death" (alternatively titled "Rasplyuyev's merry days") (Russian: "Смерть Тарелкина", "Расплюевские веселые дни") (1869). The first work had immediate success and became one of Russia's most frequently performed plays. It is also considered Sukhovo-Kobylin's best. The trilogy in its entirety was published in 1869 under the title "Scenes from the Past" (Russian: "Картины прошедшего"). Attempts to stage the last two plays ran into difficulties with censorship; in particular, "Tarelkin's Death" was only staged in 1899. While popular, the two sequels failed to achieve the same success as the first play.

</doc>
<doc id="9680121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680121" title="Holdall">
Holdall

In American English, a gym bag is a large bag made of cloth or leather typically with a rectangular base and a zippered opening at the top. Two handles enable the bag to be carried, and a (usually removable) strap lets the user support the bag on the shoulders.
In British English, a holdall (or occasionally hold-all) may be a similar bag but may often have wheels and possibly a telescopic handle. The term covers a wide variety of types of bag.
Uses.
A holdall is often used to in place of a suitcase or for carrying sports equipment, and has the advantage over most suitcases of being compressible when empty.
A 'hold-all' is also used to carry bedding and blankets etc... Students, enrolled in boarding schools in India, are issued a 'Hold-all' to carry their blankets, quilts and clothes. It is a flat, rectangular, canvas bag, when unravelled. Once filled, it is rolled like a sleeping bag and held together with straps. 

</doc>
<doc id="9680134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680134" title="Darrow Yannet diagram">
Darrow Yannet diagram

A Darrow Yannet diagram is a schematic used in physiology to identify how the volumes of extracellular fluid and intracellular fluid alter in response to conditions such as adrenal insufficiency and SIADH.
It was developed in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="9680154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680154" title="Verendrye National Monument">
Verendrye National Monument

Verendrye National Monument was a federally protected area in the U.S. state of North Dakota from 1917 to 1956. In the latter year it was withdrawn as a national monument. It is located in southwestern Mountrail County, west of the city of New Town. It lies within the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation.
This 101-hectare monument was established on June 29, 1917, to commemorate the explorations of Pierre Gaultier de Varennes, sieur de La Vérendrye and his sons in North Dakota and the area of the upper Missouri River. The father was a French-Canadian explorer and fur-trader intent on finding an overland water route to the Western Ocean. Between 1731 and 1737 he built several trading posts between Lake Superior and Lake Winnipeg, assisted by his four sons and a nephew. In 1738 he and son François travelled southwest to what is now North Dakota, arriving in December at a Mandan village a day's journey from the Missouri River. On that trip Vérendrye established two forts, Fort Rouge and Fort La Reine, in what is now Manitoba. Other forts built to the north and west by people under his command created a large area in the west for French traders.
In 1742 two of his sons (probably Louis-Joseph and François) made another expedition to the Missouri. Because of the difficulty of identifying places and Native American tribes in their reports, there is no certainty as to the route they took or how far they travelled, but they may have been the first European explorers to view the Rocky Mountains. This was more than 60 years before the expedition of Lewis and Clark.
It was on this 1742-43 expedition that the Vérendrye brothers were thought to have camped at Crowhigh Butte (now called "Crow Flies High Butte") in North Dakota. This 172-m high butte dominates the surrounding plains and is an ideal vantage point. In 1917 the state historical society was instrumental in getting the butte and surrounding area proclaimed a national monument. A plaque at the monument reads:
The Verendrye National Monument. Established June 29, 1917. To commemorate discovery of this area in 1742 by the Sons of Verendrye, celebrated French explorer. Crowhigh Mountain was used as an observation station to spy out unknown land farther west. In 1738 the elder Verendrye and one son made a trip to within a day's journey of the Missouri River, and were the first white men to enter what is now North Dakota. This was in the course of a journey from Verendrye's trading post in Manitoba, Canada, in an effort, which was unsuccessful, to reach the western sea by an overland route.
However, later opinion suggested that the site was inaccurately located. On July 30, 1956, the site was withdrawn as a national monument and transferred to the State of North Dakota. Much of the original site has since been flooded by a reservoir (Lake Sakakawea).
Ironically, new research indicates that Crow Flies High Butte may indeed be the site where the Verendryes climbed to view the Little Missouri Valley in 1742.

</doc>
<doc id="9680167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680167" title="George Cecil Ives">
George Cecil Ives

George Cecil Ives (1 October 1867 in Germany – 4 June 1950) was a German-English poet, writer, penal reformer and early gay rights campaigner.
Life and career.
Ives was the illegitimate son of an English army officer and a Spanish baroness. He was raised by his paternal grandmother, Emma Ives. They lived between Bentworth in Hampshire and the South of France. 
Ives was educated at home and at Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he started to amass 45 volumes of scrapbooks (between 1892 and 1949). These scrapbooks consist of clippings on topics such as murders, punishments, freaks, theories of crime and punishment, transvestism, psychology of gender, homosexuality, cricket scores, and letters he wrote to newspapers. His interest in cricket led him to play a single first-class cricket match for the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1902.
Ives met Oscar Wilde at the Authors' Club in London in 1892. Oscar Wilde was taken by his boyish looks and persuaded him to shave off his moustache, and once kissed him passionately in the Travellers' Club. Ives was already working for the end of the oppression of homosexuals, what he called the "Cause." He hoped that Wilde would join the "Cause", but was disappointed. In 1893, Lord Alfred Douglas, with whom he had a brief affair, introduced Ives to several Oxford poets whom Ives also tried to recruit.
By 1897, Ives created and founded the Order of Chaeronea, a secret society for homosexuals which was named after the location of the battle where the Sacred Band of Thebes was finally annihilated in 338 BC. Members included Charles Kains Jackson, Samuel Elsworth Cottam, Montague Summers, and John Gambril Nicholson. 
The same year, Ives visited Edward Carpenter at Millthorpe. This marked the beginning of their friendship. 
In 1914, Ives, together with Edward Carpenter, Magnus Hirschfeld, Laurence Housman and others, founded the British Society for the Study of Sex Psychology. He also kept in touch with other progressive psychologists such as Havelock Ellis and Professor Cesare Lombroso.
The topics addressed by the Society in lectures and publications included: the promotion of the scientific study of sex and a more rational attitude towards sexual conduct; problems and questions connected with sexual psychology (from medical, juridical, and sociological aspects), birth control, abortion, sterilisation, venereal diseases, and all aspects of prostitution. In 1931, the organisation became the British Sexological Society. Ives was the archivist for the Society whose papers are now held by the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin.
Ives also visited prisons across Europe and specialised in the study of the penal methods, particularly that of England. He lectured and published books on the topic.
The Ives papers.
At his death in 1950, George Ives left a large archive covering his life and work between 1874 and 1949. The papers were bought in 1977 by the Harry Ransom Research Center at the University of Texas at Austin. They have been divided into four sections a follows:
I. Correspondence, 1874–1936.
This section contains invitations and letters regarding Ives' writings and lectures on prison reform, sodomy, the British Society for the Study of Sex Psychology, and other topics. Ives' correspondents include Adolf Brand, Oscar Browning, Edward Carpenter, Havelock Ellis, Norman Gale, Augustus Hare, Ernest Jones, Cesare Lombroso, C.M. North, Reggie Turner and Edward Westermarck.
II. Works, 1897–1937.
This section groups examples of Ives' published works, lectures, notes and samples of verse, both as typescripts and holographs. The topics represented include: prison reform, crime and punishment, historical views of sexuality, religion.
III. Diaries, 1886–1949.
The bulk of the material consists of 122 volumes of diaries kept by Ives from the age of nineteen until about six months before his death at age eighty-two. Most of the diaries have daily entries for the period from 20 December 1886 to 16 November 1949. The view Ives provides in his diary of the life of an upper-middle class English homosexual from the end of the nineteenth century to the mid-twentieth century is of particular interest for understanding the homosexual movement in England during this time. The content varies from descriptive impressions of social events to detailed examinations of his friends and acquaintances, analyses of the treatment of criminals, and the workings of prisons. From volume thirteen on, Ives indexed his diaries, and he often used them when he was preparing for a lecture or other writings.
IV. Miscellaneous, 1888–1949.
This section includes the rules and wax seal impressions for the Order of Chaeronea, along with a library catalogue for the British Society for the Study of Sex Psychology, and a scrapbook of reviews and loose clippings for three of Ives' books, "Eros' Throne" (1900), "A History of Penal Methods" (1914), and "Obstacles to Human Progress" (1939). There is also a galley proof of George Bernard Shaw's preface to "English Prisons Today" (1922), prior to alterations.
Raffles.
He was the model for Raffles, the fictional Victorian gentleman thief, according to Lycett. Lycett says that the creator of Raffles, William Hornung, "may not have understood this sexual side of Ives' character", but that Raffles "enjoys a remarkably intimate relationship with his sidekick Bunny Manders."
Bibliography.
Verses:
Non-fiction:
Fiction:

</doc>
<doc id="9680175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680175" title="And Our Heart Beat in Our Fingertips, Without Reason">
And Our Heart Beat in Our Fingertips, Without Reason

And Our Heart Beat in Our Fingertips, Without Reason is the second album from the metalcore band Anterrabae. It was released on June 20, 2006 on Triple Crown Records. The title is a line from Ayn Rand's "Anthem".
Track listing.
Producers: George Fullan, Jonathan Florencio, & Justin Beck
Engineers: George Fullan, Jonathan Florencio
Recorded At: General Studio & Pool Room
Mixers: George Fullan, Jonathan Florencio, & Bryan Russell

</doc>
<doc id="9680179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680179" title="Trim line">
Trim line

A trim line, also written as trimline, is a clear line on the side of a valley formed by a glacier. The line marks the most recent highest extent of the glacier. The line may be visible due to changes in color to the rock or to changes in vegetation on either side of the line.
The term "trim line" is also used for similar looking phenomena caused by floods, volcanic activity, or tsunamis.

</doc>
<doc id="9680191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680191" title="Motavizumab">
Motavizumab

Motavizumab (proposed INN, trade name Numax) is a humanized monoclonal antibody. It is being investigated by MedImmune (today a subsidiary of AstraZeneca) for the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus infection in high-risk infants. , it is undergoing Phase II and III clinical trials.
In June 2010, the FDA Antiviral Drugs Advisory Committee declined to endorse MedImmune's request for licensure of Motavizumab in a 14 to 3 decision. The members of that panel cited several reasons for the decision, and many were concerned that "we're not looking at a product that has evidence of superiority in terms of efficacy" when compared to the already available monoclonal antibody Palivizumab.
In December 2010, AstraZeneca in a stock market statement stated that it would be writing down $445m (£286m) after discontinuing a key development programme for Motavizumab. The company stated that it would no longer develop Motavizumab for the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), and as a result was withdrawing its licence application to the US Food and Drug Administration. It added that it would continue to develop Motavizumab for other treatments of RSV.

</doc>
<doc id="9680224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680224" title="Linda Combs">
Linda Combs

Dr. Linda Morrison Combs (born 1946) is a former U.S. federal government official. She was the Controller of the Office of Management and Budget in the Executive Office of the President at the White House. She had five Presidential Appointments confirmed by the United States Senate and served under three Presidents: Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush.
In 2014, North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory appointed her State Controller, pending confirmation by the North Carolina General Assembly.
OMB Service.
President George W. Bush nominated her on February 28, 2005 to be the Controller of OMB. The United States Senate unanimously confirmed Combs on June 24, 2005.
As Controller, Dr. Combs oversaw all of Federal financial management, was the head of the Office of Federal Financial Management, and chaired the U.S. Chief Financial Officers Council. She owned three initiatives of the President's Management Agenda: improving financial performance, eliminating improper payments, and real property. 
Also, Dr. Combs oversaw Government-wide financial management policies, and requirements. Specifically she focused on financial results in the largest 24 departments and agencies in the United States Federal Government. She oversaw about $2.47 trillion in spending each year. 
Notably, during Dr. Combs's tenure at OMB, the Federal CFO community: 
1) For the first time in history and for the second straight year successfully accelerated financial reporting so that audited financial statements were published by ever major agency within 45 days of the close of the fiscal year (a pace that significantly betters private sector reporting and improves on past Government results when agencies took as long as 5 months to report);
2) Obtained clean audit opinions in 19 of the 24 largest agencies for two straight years, and decreased the number of material weaknesses by more than 15% despite tougher audit standards (a major accomplishment from achieving only one clean audit in 1990 and only six in 1996 for those same 24 agencies);
3) Eliminated approximately $9 billion in improper payments—a 17% decrease since 2004.
4) Developed and reported the first ever government-wide inventory of the Federal real property assets, reporting data on more than 1.2 million assets worldwide, and disposing of $3.5 billion in excess property since 2004.
Early life and education.
A native of Granite Falls, North Carolina, Dr. Combs earned an Associate of the Arts degree at Gardner-Webb University, Bachelor of Science and Master's degrees from Appalachian State University, and a Doctorate in Educational Administration from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. She is also a graduate of the Program for Senior Managers in Government at Harvard University, and holds an honorary Doctorate from Gardner-Webb University.
Government service and private sector career.
Dr. Combs was previously appointed by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the United States Senate to the position of Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs and Chief Financial Officer at the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). As Assistant Secretary, Dr. Combs oversaw all budgetary and management functions of the Department, including budget development and budget execution. As Chief Financial Officer, she was responsible for oversight of the Department’s $57 billion appropriation, the Government Performance and Results Act, as well as general monitoring of programs. 
Prior to her appointment at DOT, Dr. Combs held a Presidential Appointment, confirmed by the Senate, at the United States Environmental Protection Agency, where she served as Chief Financial Officer from 2001–2003. 
During the previous Reagan and Bush Administrations, Dr. Combs served in various oversight roles and executive level management positions at the U.S. Department of Education, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, and U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
Prior to government service, and following a successful career of over ten years in instructional and administrative positions in the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County School System, she was elected in 1980 to the Board of Education in Winston-Salem/Forsyth County, North Carolina. In 1986 she was appointed as Education Advisor to the Governor of North Carolina, James G. Martin.
Dr. Combs has also spent a number of years in the private sector. In her role of Operations Officer and Manager of National Direct Student Loans for Wachovia Corporation, Dr. Combs was responsible for the general management of National Direct Student Loan Operations, with an expense budget that affected several million dollars of annual revenue. For ten years, Dr. Combs and her husband founded and grew their own highly successful private record label and music catalog company to achieve worldwide distribution of CDs, videos, and music books. She is also a published author on family caregiving, and was a national spokesperson for Warner Lambert Pharmaceutical Company. 
Before returning to the federal government in 2001, Dr. Combs was a member of the Board of Visitors of the Babcock Graduate School of Management at Wake Forest University, Chair of the Board of Directors of the Appalachian State University Foundation, and a member of the Board of Trustees at Gardner-Webb University. She also served on several corporate boards.
Published author.
After her mother's medical verdict of increasing memory loss was pronounced, Linda Combs resigned her executive post in Washington, D.C., and moved home to North Carolina.
Her familiarity with Alzheimer's prompted Linda Combs to write her book, "A Long Goodbye and Beyond", as a resource for other parental caregivers, like herself, who must assist a loved one to pass through the stages of unlovely deterioration.

</doc>
<doc id="9680241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680241" title="Weeks Marine">
Weeks Marine

Weeks Marine is an American marine construction and dredging company based in Cranford, NJ. It was founded by Francis Weeks and his son Richard B. Weeks in 1919 as the Weeks Stevedoring Company. 
Weeks started with two cranes in the Port of New York, handling bunker coal and dry ballast. By the beginning of World War II, they had purchased their seventh crane and were loading military equipment bound for Europe to support the Allied Forces. The workload of the war overseas had taken its toll on the Weeks fleet, so after WWII, the wooden hulls of the cranes were replaced with steel hulls, creating the Weeks #6 and #7.
In the 1950s, the Weeks Stevedoring Company ventured into a number of marine projects outside the field of stevedoring. The company performed salvage and dredging work, installed navigational aids for the United States Coast Guard, and even constructed a breakwater to protect the air shaft leading from the Brooklyn–Battery Tunnel to Governors Island. They also became the prime contractor assigned to remove abandoned wooden vessels for the Army Corps of Engineers, work still contracted today. In 1958, Weeks purchased their first crane to be used exclusively outside the field of stevedoring, the Weeks #500.
In 1960, Weeks brought their first vessels to the fleet as two by deck barges were built by Richmond Steel for the company. In 1962, they added their first dump scow, the Weeks #250, a by vessel. Also in 1962, the Weeks Contracting Company was formed to remove limitations which might restrict the company in ventures they would choose to pursue.
Over the next ten years, the Weeks barge fleet had grown proportionally, creating a vital infrastructural core of the Weeks operation today. During the 1970s, the first dredge, the "Venture", a by hydraulic dredge, and the first large tug, the "William J. McPhillips", a 2,400 horsepower single screw tug, were purchased in an effort to broaden the company even further.
In the 1980s and 90s, the Weeks organization grew by acquiring other marine companies. During that time, Weeks substantial acquisitions were M.P. Howlett, a New York based stevedoring company, in 1983, American Dredging Company, one of the most famous dredging companies in history, in 1993, and T.L. James, another dredging company based in Louisiana, in 1998.
Between 2001-2003, and 2008-2009, Weeks Marine was the prime consultant and contractor for the reefing of retired MTA - New York City subway cars from classes R26/R28, R29, R33ML/R33WF and R36ML/R36WF from the IRT's A Division, and classes R32, R38, R40SL/R40M, and many R42's from the BMT/IND's B Division, which were retired and stripped and loaded onto barges and taken to designated reef sites in the States of New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida to be reefed into the Atlantic Ocean thus creating an artificial and diving reefs from same. 

</doc>
<doc id="9680244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680244" title="In the Spanish Cave">
In the Spanish Cave

In The Spanish Cave (also known as "Captain Long Brown Finger In The Spanish Cave") is the third full-length album by Thin White Rope.

</doc>
<doc id="9680291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680291" title="Laser converting">
Laser converting

Laser converting or laser digital converting is a production technology that enables device manufacturers to produce features that otherwise would be problematic or even impossible to die-cut, without the need for tooling.
In contrast to traditional mechanical converting, laser digital converting utilizes the features of lasers and advance software technology to convert parts in extremely high accuracy. In production environment, the laser digital converting is the economics of scale when the production run is short, as there is virtually no 'up-front' cost associated with machine tools making and storage. Also, the turnaround time is minimal as it only involves software interpretation on the imported engineering diagram of the part.

</doc>
<doc id="9680296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680296" title="John Kee">
John Kee

John Kee (August 22, 1874 – May 8, 1951) was a U.S. Democratic politician.
Biography.
He was born in Glenville, West Virginia. He attended Glenville State Normal School and West Virginia University, where he was a member of Phi Sigma Kappa, and was admitted to the bar in 1897. Kee was a member of the West Virginia Senate 1923–1927 He was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives from West Virginia and served from March 3, 1933 until his death in the United States House of Representatives serving the Fifth Congressional District of West Virginia in the 73rd through the 82nd U.S. Congress.
Congressman Kee's wife, Elizabeth Kee, succeeded him as U.S. Representative after winning a special election to replace him and served until 1965, when she was succeeded by their son, James Kee, who served until 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="9680316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680316" title="Lost Valley Ski Area">
Lost Valley Ski Area

Lost Valley is a ski area in the northeastern United States, in Auburn, Maine. Its east-facing slopes feature 15 trails across one hill, and is served by two chairlifts.
Terrain.
Lost Valley's variety of 15 trails and a terrain park offers a full and interesting ski day for skiers of all abilities. Most of Lost Valley's trails are rated easiest and intermediate, while offering a challenge to expert skiers on a few difficult trails. Family regrouping is simple as all trails come together a short distance from each other.
Lost Valley also offers of Nordic skiing trails and a ski lodge offering food and skiing equipment for sale or rent.
Summer use.
In the summer months, Lost Valley changes from a ski resort into a mountain biking and paintball facility.

</doc>
<doc id="9680318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680318" title="Jessi Miley-Dyer">
Jessi Miley-Dyer

Jessica Candice "Jessi" Miley-Dyer (born 29 May 1986) is a professional surfer from New South Wales, Australia. She currently resides in Sydney.
Miley-Dyer began surfing at the age of eight and became a professional surfer in 2006, having a very strong performance finishing #4 in the 2006 ASP Women's World Tour. She finished her rookie season by winning the Billabong Pro Maui, beating World Champion Layne Beachley in December 2006. Miley-Dyer also became the inaugural Billabong World Junior Women's Champion and was named the Rookie of the Year of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2006.
In 1999 Miley-Dyer won a National Scholastic Snow Boarding Title. In 2000 she was selected by Surf Lifesaving Australia to be an Olympic Torch bearer. She carried the Olympic Torch on a surf boat into Bondi Beach. The same year she competed in the Tip Top Australian Age Swimming Championships. In 2005 Miley-Dyer won the Australasian Pro Junior Surfing Titles. In 2000 and 2001 she won the Australian National Under 16 Surfing Titles. In 2003 she won the Australian National Under 18 Surfing Titles as well as the World ISA Under 18 Title, all whilst studying for her Higher School Certificate final exams. She returned to school and completed the HSC the next month. In 2006 she won the WQS Series.
Miley-Dyer is the women's representative on the ASP Board. Ripcurl is her major sponsor and have been supporting her since she was 14 years of age.
Education.
Miley-Dyer attended Sydney Girls High School. She received a UAI of 98 and a scholarship to study Law at the University of New South Wales

</doc>
<doc id="9680324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680324" title="Steven Sinofsky">
Steven Sinofsky

Steven Jay Sinofsky (born 1965) is a former President of the Windows Division at Microsoft from July 2009 through his departure on November 12, 2012. He was responsible for the development and marketing of Windows, Internet Explorer; as well as online services such as Outlook.com and SkyDrive.
Education.
Sinofsky was born in the family of Marsha and Khalil Sinofsky. He received his bachelors degree from Cornell University (Arts and Sciences, 1987) and a masters degree in computer science from the University of Massachusetts Amherst (1989).
He also spent 3 years learning Russian while he was in college.
Career.
In July 1989, Sinofsky joined Microsoft as a software design engineer.
In 1994, when the Office Product Unit was formed, Sinofsky joined the team as the director of program management, and led the design of the shared technologies in Microsoft Office 95 and Microsoft Office 97. He spent about four years as a software design engineer and project lead in the Development Tools group, where he helped lead the development of the first versions of the Microsoft Foundation Classes C++ library for Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Visual C++.
He previously oversaw the development of the Microsoft Office system of programs, servers and services, responsible for the product development of Microsoft Office 2007 and its new ribbon UI. Prior to that he also oversaw the development of Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office XP, and Microsoft Office 2000.
Sinofsky was actively involved in recruiting for Microsoft. His particular task was to convince engineers not to move to Google. Sinofsky has blogged in detail about his efforts at Steven Sinofsky's Microsoft TechTalk, about what it's like to be a Microsoft employee, and what new hires in general most of the time never suspect or know about Microsoft, Bill Gates, Steve Ballmer, and Windows.
Sinofsky at the Windows division.
Steven Sinofsky became the president of the Windows division in July 2009. His first heavily involved projects included Windows Live Wave 3 and Internet Explorer 8. Sinofsky and Jon DeVaan also headed the development of the next major version of Windows to come after Windows Vista, Windows 7.
Sinofsky's philosophy on Windows 7 was to not make any promises about the product or even discuss anything about the product until Microsoft was sure that it felt like a quality product. This was a radical departure from Microsoft's typical way of handling in-development versions of Windows, which was to publicly share all plans and details about it early in the development cycle. Sinofsky also refrained from labeling versions of Windows "major" or "minor", and instead just called them releases.
Under Sinofsky's leadership, the Windows Division successfully shipped the successor to Windows Vista, Windows 7, which received mostly positive reception and praise among technology enthusiasts and mainstream users and as of 2011 had a rapidly growing user-base of over 450 million. The success of Windows 7 contributed to record-breaking revenue earnings for Microsoft in 2010.
Sinofsky's leadership style influenced many other Microsoft divisions to follow his principles and practices on product development.
Sinofsky and Windows executive Jon DeVaan worked as editors for the Engineering Windows 7 blog.
Sinofsky worked on Windows 8 and regularly blogged about the feature set and the process of developing the new OS in his blog, Building Windows 8.
After Windows 8 reached the release to manufacturing milestone, it was indicated that Sinofsky and his team were working on a future version of the Windows operating system.
Sinofsky left Microsoft on November 12, 2012. His departure was described by both parties as a mutual decision, but widely seen externally as the result of a power struggle or friction between himself – tipped as a future leader of the company – and CEO Steve Ballmer. Technology website Arstechnica drew attention to the sense of staffing changes after a major project – the Windows 8 rollout, but also noted the abrupt and exceptional manner of departure and a similar analysis of recent politics within Microsoft by ZDNet. Sinofsky was succeeded by Julie Larson-Green and Tami Reller. Larson-Green will run the engineering function of Windows, while Reller will oversee the business operations. Microsoft disclosed in an SEC filing that Sinofsky would have a one year non-compete contract in exchange for an estimated $14M of stock.
Book.
"One Strategy: Organization, Planning, and Decision Making", published by John Wiley & Sons in November 2009, was co-authored by Sinofsky and Marco Iansiti of Harvard Business School.
The book discusses Sinofsky's struggle with refocusing the Windows Division after the Vista debacle, and the planning and development of the next major version of Windows that would come after Vista. Sinofsky talks about the focus of making a desirable high-quality product, while making no promises to the public, and shipping and delivering that product on time.

</doc>
<doc id="9680335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680335" title="L. A. Calkins">
L. A. Calkins

Leslie Anne Calkins is an American actress. Calkins is best known for her role as Leatherface's birth mother in "". She currently resides in Colorado. Calkins is working on a book of short stories as well as several screenplays.
Family Life.
Calkins' old brother, Josh, has worked for many Fortune 500 Companies. While her younger sister, Sarah, is a physician.

</doc>
<doc id="9680350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680350" title="Robert Keeley">
Robert Keeley

Robert Keeley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9680362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680362" title="List of Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad episodes">
List of Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad episodes

"Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad" ran for 53 episodes in two seasons. It aired on Saturday mornings on ABC and in weekday syndication simultaneously.

</doc>
<doc id="9680367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680367" title="List of Dune Fremen">
List of Dune Fremen

The following is a comprehensive list of Fremen from the fictional "Dune" universe created by Frank Herbert. Links are provided for characters discussed in more extensive Main articles.
Assan Tariq.
Assan Tariq is a 14-year-old Fremen, son of Muriz. In "Children of Dune" he acts as a guide for the blind desert madman known as The Preacher.
Buer Argarves.
Buer Argarves is a member of Sietch Tabr who later becomes an aide to Zia, the bodyguard of the Imperial Regent Alia Atreides. In "Children of Dune" Alia takes Argaves as a lover, and promises to appoint him Naib of Sietch Tabr in return for killing Stilgar. Through Alia's treachery, Argaves is instead slain by Stilgar.
Farok.
Farok is a Fedaykin who fights at Paul's side during his war with the Harkonnens in "Dune". Disillusioned by the changes this brings to Dune and his own experiences in Muad'dib's Jihad, in "Dune Messiah" he joins the conspiracy to unseat the Atreides Emperor.
Farok was portrayed by Ivo Novák in the 2003 TV miniseries "Children of Dune".
Geoff.
Geoff was the father of Harah's first child before he bested by Jamis
Harah.
Harah is the wife of Jamis in "Dune"; when Paul Atreides kills Jamis in a ritual fight to the death, he is faced with the Fremen custom of taking responsibility for Harah and her children, as his wife or servant. He takes her as his servant; she later becomes fiercely devoted to and protective of Paul's young sister Alia. Harah notices that four-year-old Alia "only pretends to be a little girl, that she has never been a little girl." She tells the pre-born Alia "You're not a freak!" and insists that the girl not call herself that. Harah then seeks to explain Alia's unique nature to the superstitious and wary Fremen. She acts as caretaker to Paul and Chani's first son, Leto, and later becomes one of Stilgar's wives.
In "Dune Messiah", Paul refers to Harah as "Stilgar's wife and Chani's closest feminine friend." Harah objects when Paul chooses to name his daughter Ghanima (meaning "spoil of war"), saying that it is "an ill-omened name." Paul responds, "It saved your life ... What matter that Alia made fun of you with that name? My daughter is Ghanima, a spoil of war." 
In "Children of Dune", Harah remains devoted to Ghanima and her twin, Leto II; she accompanies Stilgar into the desert as he helps Ghanima and Princess Irulan escape Alia's tyranny.
Harah was played by Molly Wryn in the 1984 film "Dune", though she only appears in the Alan Smithee version. The character does not appear in the 2000 TV miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune", however in the miniseries, when young Alia comments to her mother Lady Jessica that she is aware that people call her a "freak," it is Jessica who admonishes her not to say such things.
Jamis.
Jamis is a Fremen man in "Dune" who challenges newcomer Paul to a ritual fight to the death; Paul kills Jamis, proving himself to the Fremen for the first time. As is Fremen custom, Paul takes responsibility for Jamis' wife Harah (and their children) by making her his servant.
Jamis was played by Judd Omen in the 1984 film "Dune", though he only appears in the Alan Smithee Version. The character was played by Christopher Lee Browne in the 2000 TV miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune".
Lichna.
Lichna is the daughter of Paul's trusted Fedaykin Otheym. In "Dune Messiah", the Tleilaxu Face Dancer Scytale kills and impersonates Lichna in an attempt to infiltrate Paul's household and murder his children. Paul sees through the ruse, but allows it to play out.
Lichna was portrayed by Klára Issová in the 2003 TV miniseries "Frank Herbert's Children of Dune" (an adaptation of the novels "Dune Messiah" and "Children of Dune").
Muriz.
Muriz is the "arifa" (judge) of the Cast Outs, a tribe who were thought destroyed by the other Fremen many generations ago due to their practice of killing outsiders for their body's water. In "Children of Dune" he is responsible for sheltering the blind desert madman known as The Preacher.
Muriz was portrayed by Zdenek Maryska in the 2003 TV miniseries "Children of Dune".
Namri.
Namri is a member of the clandestine Sietch known as Fondak (formerly Jacarutu). In "Children of Dune" he is charged by the Lady Jessica to drug her grandson Leto with an overdose of Spice. The purpose of this test is to determine the pre-born Leto's susceptibility to "possession" by his inner lives. However Namri is secretly under instructions from Alia to kill Leto regardless of the outcome of the test. He is slain in a confrontation with Gurney Halleck.
Namri was portrayed by Predrag Bjelac in the 2003 TV miniseries "Children of Dune".
Otheym.
Otheym is a Fedaykin who fights at Paul's side during his war with the Harkonnens in "Dune"; later, in "Dune Messiah", the Tleilaxu Face Dancer Scytale kills and impersonates Otheym's daughter Lichna in an attempt to infiltrate Paul's household and murder his children.
Otheym was portrayed by Honorato Magaloni in the 1984 film "Dune", and by Jakob Schwarz in the 2000 TV miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune" (and its 2003 sequel, "Children of Dune", an adaptation of the novels "Dune Messiah" and "Children of Dune").
Sahiba.
Sahiba is a member of the clandestine Sietch known as Fonduk (formerly Jacartu). In "Children of Dune" she nurses Leto Atreides while he is forced to undergo a spice trance. Leto foresees that he and Sahiba could become lovers in the future, but chooses to avoid this path in order to realize his own destiny.
Selim Wormrider.
In the "Legends of Dune" prequel trilogy by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson (2002–2004), Selim is the original Fremen exiled to the desert by his sietch for being falsely accused of stealing precious water. As soon as he leaves the protection of the rocks his sietch is built on, a great sandworm attempts to devour him. In an act of divine intervention, he is able to ride the worm; after a day of riding for his life, the worm dies and Selim is alone again. He stumbles upon a scientific facility built thousands of years before by surveyors from the Old Empire. After many months Selim decides to leave the building, and starts his own sietch. Over time he learns to ride the worms and teaches other exiles like himself how to ride them as well. When Arrakis begins to be exploited for its precious melange (a by-product of the sandworm life cycle), Selim and his Fremen decide to raid the traders' caravans. Selim dies by allowing himself to be eaten by a sandworm while fighting the leader of the sietch that exiled him.
Shadout Mapes.
Shadout Mapes is introduced in "Dune" as the mysterious Fremen housekeeper at the palace of Arrakeen. Paul saves her life from a deadly hunter-seeker intended to kill him, and she warns of a traitor in the Atreides household. She is killed by that same traitor before the Harkonnen attack on House Atreides.
Mapes was portrayed by Linda Hunt in the 1984 film "Dune", and by Jaroslava Siktancova in the 2000 TV miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune".

</doc>
<doc id="9680370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680370" title="Superillu">
Superillu

SUPERillu is a weekly German magazine from Berlin, which is well-read in Eastern Germany.
The magazine was founded in summer 1990 in East Berlin. The first edition appeared August 23, 1990, six weeks before German reunification. The magazine is owned by the Hubert Burda Media group, and has a circulation of 550,000 with more than three million readers. Thus, in Eastern Germany it is read more widely than "Der Spiegel", "Focus", "Stern" and "Bunte" all together. In Western Germany, it is purchased by around 60,000 with several hundred thousand readers, in many cases former East Germans.
The magazine touches a range of themes, including advice columns, entertainment, politics, and business. Articles about East Germany's history, the fate and achievements of prominent East Germans after 1990 in Sports, popular culture and other fields of society as well as the development of German unity are also common. Overall, drawing a positive image of East Germany is a common theme of many articles.

</doc>
<doc id="9680388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680388" title="Commando Cus">
Commando Cus

Commando Cus was the main character in a series of amateur films parodying the movie serial hero Commando Cody, made by Bob Gale before he began his professional film career, and Richard Rosenberg.
All shot on Super 8mm film with title cards and a separate, tape-recorded music track played in sychronization, they were:
The slogan Rosenberg was going to use to promote the last film was based on his final monochrome revision to the Commando Cus rocket suit: "Commando Cus, the ultimate hero: a black-and-white man in a color film."

</doc>
<doc id="9680394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680394" title="The Village Schoolmaster">
The Village Schoolmaster

"The Village Schoolmaster", or "The Giant Mole" ("Der Dorfschullehrer" or "Der Riesenmaulwurf") is an unfinished short story by Franz Kafka. The story, written in December 1914 and the beginning of 1915, was not published in Kafka's lifetime. It first appeared in "Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer" (Berlin, 1931). The first English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in "The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections" (New York: Schocken Books, 1946).
Plot introduction.
The narrator discusses the phenomenon of a giant mole in a far village, and the attempt of the village schoolmaster to bring its existence to the public attention, only to become an object of derision to the scientific community. Without knowing the schoolmaster, the narrator tries to defend him and his honesty in a paper about the giant mole. The narrator's attempt is even more unsuccessful, and in a dialogue during Christmas he and the village schoolmaster discuss the motivations of each one and the different outcome each one was expecting, without being able to finish the conversation.
Process of Writing.
Kafka discusses the story in a diary entry from December 19, 1914:
Yesterday wrote "The village schoolmaster" almost without knowing it, but was afraid to go on writing later than a quarter to two; the fear was well founded, I slept hardly at all, merely suffered through perhaps three short dreams and was then in the office in the condition one would expect. Yesterday father's reproaches on account of the factory: 'you talked me into it.' Then went home and calmly wrote for three hours in the consciousness that my guilt is beyond question, though not so great as father pictures it.
In a January 6, 1915 entry Kafka mentions abandoning the story.

</doc>
<doc id="9680432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680432" title="Portsmouth Invitational Tournament">
Portsmouth Invitational Tournament

The Portsmouth Invitational Tournament, or "PIT", is the United States' oldest amateur basketball tournament and the only postseason camp conducted for the top NCAA (i.e. college) seniors only. 
The tournament is recognized by the National Basketball Association (NBA) and European scouts as a showcase for future professional players. Approximately 200 NBA representatives attend the event with 64 seniors invited to play in one of the 8 teams (8x8 players). The four-day tournament consist of 12 games and has existed since 1953 without interruption.
NBA players who are alumni of the Portsmouth Invitational include Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman, John Stockton, Tim Hardaway, Ben Wallace, Avery Johnson, Rick Barry, Dave Cowens, and Earl Monroe.
In the 1992 tournament UTEP forward Marlon Maxey became the 1st player ever to win the tournament MVP unanimously.
The Portsmouth Invitational is the first of two NBA pre-draft camps, the other being the Orlando pre-draft camp. Portsmouth has few NBA first-round draft picks. Most of its players are on the fringe and get drafted in the second round or end up in the NBA Development League or play overseas. Six of the 64 players from 2009 were drafted, all in the second round. 
All games are played at Portsmouth, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9680461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680461" title="GoToMyPC Pro">
GoToMyPC Pro

GoToMyPC Pro is a web-hosted service created and marketed by the Online Services division of Citrix Systems. It is remote control software, which means that it enables the user to operate his or her computer from another computer, via the Internet.
Technology and business development.
GoToMyPC Pro was launched in 2003 to expand the capabilities of GoToMyPC. It works the same way as GoToMyPC, but also provides user management and reporting for 2-20 employees. Like GoToMyPC, it allows the desktop view of a host computer to be manipulated from a client computer that is connected using the Internet for connectivity, protecting transmissions with high-security encryption and multiple passwords. By combining a web-hosted subscription service with software installed on the host computer, transmissions could be passed through highly restrictive firewalls.
Features.
Many competing products exist, including other Web-hosted services, and both commercial and free software. Some are listed below, under See also.

</doc>
<doc id="9680466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680466" title="South Park (season 10)">
South Park (season 10)

The tenth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 22, 2006, and is their favorite season. The tenth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 15, 2006. This is the first season in which Kenny does not die and the last season featuring Isaac Hayes (the voice of Chef) as Hayes quit the show following the backlash behind season nine's "Trapped in the Closet" episode. This season also had a minor controversy when the Halloween episode "Hell on Earth 2006" depicted "The Crocodile Hunter's" Steve Irwin with a stingray lodged in his chest getting thrown out of Satan's Halloween party for not being in costume. Episode 2 in this season is the last one with the Braniff Airlines logo.
This season is also home to the episode, "Make Love, Not Warcraft", which won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour) in 2007. It's also home to the two-part episodes "Cartoon Wars Part I" & II, which involved "Family Guy" trying to air an image of the Muslim prophet Muhammad, and "Go God Go" which involved a future world where there was no religion. The season was listed as one of the 20 Best Seasons of the Last 20 Years by Pajiba.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="9680480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680480" title="Tracy and Swartwout">
Tracy and Swartwout

Tracy and Swartwout was a prominent New York architectural firm headed by Evarts Tracy and Egerton Swartwout.
History.
Evarts Tracy (1868–1922) was the son of first cousins Jeremiah Evarts Tracy and Martha Sherman Greene. His paternal grandmother Martha Sherman Evarts and maternal grandmother Mary Evarts were the sisters of William M. Evarts. Evarts Tracey graduated from Yale in 1890. 
Egerton Swartwout (1870–1943) was the first son of Satterlee Swartwout and Charlotte Elizabeth Edgerton (daughter of Ohio Representative Alfred Peck Edgerton). Swartwout graduated from Yale University in 1891. 
Both Swartwout and Tracy had trained and worked as draftsmen with the renowned firm, McKim, Mead and White. 
From 1904-1909, Tracy and Swartwout were joined by architect James Riely Gordon, forming the firm Gordon, Tracy & Swartwout.
In 1909-1912 the firm was joined by Electus Darwin Litchfield, a graduate of the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute and the Stevens Institute of Technology. The firm was at this time named Tracy, Swartwout & Litchfield.
Evarts Tracy died January 31, 1922, in France, of chronic myocarditis. Egerton Swartwout continued working on his own after Evarts Tracy's death.
Links.
http://www.preservationnj.org/site/ExpEng/index.php?/ten_most_11/index_detail/Tracy_&_Swartwout_Buildings_at_Muhlenberg_Regional_Medical_Center
http://www.arti-fact.com/architect/2485
http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=85234791
http://tilesinnewyork.blogspot.com/2013_03_01_archive.html
http://andyswebtools.com/cgi-bin/p/awtp-pa.cgi?d=plainfield-garden-club&type=4553

</doc>
<doc id="9680497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680497" title="Vesna Mišanović">
Vesna Mišanović

Vesna Misanović (born 27 November 1964 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian chess player who holds the FIDE Woman Grandmaster title.
She was winner of the first ever medal for Bosnia and Herzegovina at the European Team Chess Championship in Debrecen 1992. It was an individual silver medal for best rating performance and result at first board. Before that, she won two bronze medals by playing for the Yugoslav national team at the Thessaloniki 1988 Chess Olympiad. The medals were for overall team performance and for her individual result on fourth board. In total, she participated at six Chess Olympiads, two times for Yugoslavia (4th board in Thessaloniki 1988 and 2nd board in Novi Sad 1990) and four times for Bosnia and Herzegovina (1st board in Manila 1992, Moscow 1994, Elista 1998 and Istanbul 2000).
Her first major domestic success also occurred in 1988, when she became Yugoslav Chess Champion.
In individual, international competition, she shared 7–9th places at the Kishinev Interzonal Tournament 1995 and qualified for the Candidates Tournament, a precursor to the Women's World Chess Championship.
The outbreak of the Bosnian war found her in Slovenia. After two years of struggling, she managed to return to Sarajevo as a journalist. During the Siege of Sarajevo, she managed to continue her career, using the Sarajevo Tunnel to go to tournaments and to return.
For her sport results, she was twice selected as the best sportswoman of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The readers of the women's magazines "Una" and "Zena 21" voted her an award as “Woman of the year”.

</doc>
<doc id="9680523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680523" title="Nishi-Shinjuku Station">
Nishi-Shinjuku Station

Lines.
Nishi-Shinjuku Station is served by the Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line, and is numbered M-07.
Station layout.
The station has two side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on May 28, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9680548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680548" title="Running Girl">
Running Girl

Running Girl is a mini-album by Ooberman, released in October 2001 on the band's own Rotodisc label. A single of the title track was released in November 2001. The title track was also featured in slightly remixed form on the band's "Hey Petrunko" album. 
Aside from "The Kitchen Fire" (co-written by Dan Popplewell and Sophia Churney) all the tracks on the album were written singly by either singer Dan Popplewell or guitarist Andy Flett. This was a marked departure from the collaborative nature of their earlier work. 
March Records released the album in the USA with two bonus tracks - earlier single "Dolphin Blue" and a remix of the title track. A version of the album was released in Japan by Rotodisc with the bonus track "Behind My Shield".
Running Girl single.
The title track was released as a single on 5 November 2001, on limited edition white 7" vinyl. The b-side was a remix of the track by Phantom 309 (aka Ooberman bassist Steve Flett). This remix was also featured on the March Records release of the album. 

</doc>
<doc id="9680570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680570" title="Charles Rust-Tierney">
Charles Rust-Tierney

Charles Rust-Tierney is a former president of the Virginia chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) from 2002 to 2005. On February 23, 2007, Rust-Tierney was arrested and charged with possession of child pornography. He pleaded guilty to one count of receipt of child pornography on June 1, 2007.
At the time of his arrest, Rust-Tierney was a member of the Virginia ACLU's board of directors, but he resigned his position after he was arrested. Rust-Tierney also performed a role under Volunteers in Service to America for the Iowa Civil Rights Commission. He has been an advocate for civil rights, and was a faculty member at the Benchmark Institute (an institution centering on social justice and "fostering change to meet the needs of an increasingly diverse population").
Child pornography scandal.
Rust-Tierney was arrested on charges of possession of child pornography on February 23, 2007. Federal investigators tracked the use of Rust-Tierney's credit card and web site pornography habits over a period of several years. Rust-Tierney's preliminary hearing was held on Wednesday February 28, 2007, at the United States district court in Alexandria, Virginia. He was formally accused of receiving and possessing child pornography, and investigators offered evidence obtained as a result of searching his home. 
Prior to this, Rust-Tierney had argued in court on behalf of his client, the ACLU, against anti-pornography filters on public library computers.
On May 10, 2007, Rust-Tierney was indicted by a federal grand jury in U.S. District Court in Alexandria, on one count of receiving child pornography and one count of possessing child pornography. On June 1, 2007, he pleaded guilty to one count of receipt of child pornography. On September 7, 2007, Rust-Tierney was sentenced to seven years in federal prison. On April 25, 2008, the Virginia State Bar Disciplinary Board revoked his bar license. He was incarcerated at Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) in Jesup, Georgia, a medium security facility housing male offenders. He was released on March 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9680572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680572" title="Aquaforte">
Aquaforte

Aquaforte is a Canadian town on the south shore of Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The town's economy has always rested primarily on fishing. The harbour has been used as a seasonal fishing station since the 1670s. However, the first permanent residents did not settle in Aquaforte until the early 1800s. It is located 4 miles from Ferryland and 40 miles from St. John's by water. It has one of the safest harbors in the island and cod was its main industry. In 1902 a resident from Norway, Anders Ellefsen, constructed a factory to process whales in the community. The plant operated for a few years but had to shut down around 1908 because of a decline in the whale population. It was incorporated as a community in 1972. 

</doc>
<doc id="9680584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680584" title="As Tradition Dies Slowly">
As Tradition Dies Slowly

As Traditions Die Slowly is the only full length album released by Morning Again. It is also the last album to feature Joe Simmons on guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="9680589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680589" title="1971–72 British Home Championship">
1971–72 British Home Championship

The 1971-72 British Home Championship was the first such Home Nations football tournament (although not the last), to suffer during The Troubles in Northern Ireland, when death threats from the Provisional Irish Republican Army were sent to the Scottish Football Association and Scottish players who were scheduled to play at Windsor Park. The surge in anti-British feeling which prompted these threats followed Bloody Sunday in January, and also resulted in the cancellation of the rugby union 1972 Five Nations Championship. As a result, Northern Ireland's home fixture was rescheduled to Hampden Park, effectively granting the Scottish team an extra home match. This was not the last time that The Troubles would interfere with the Home Championship; the 1981 British Home Championship would have to be abandoned following similar heightened tension after the death of Bobby Sands.
Scotland used their home advantage well, securing victory over the Irish and Welsh to take a major points advantage into the final match against England, who had lost at home to Northern Ireland following a heavy defeat of Wales. In the last match however, England gained a slight advantage over their old rivals, winning 1–0 and thus equalling the tournament on points and resulting in a shared victory (goal difference was not at this stage used to differentiate between teams). The Welsh salvaged a point in their final home game to Northern Ireland, but still finished bottom of the table.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9680600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680600" title="George Frederick Ives">
George Frederick Ives

George Frederick Ives (17 November 1881 – 12 April 1993) was the last surviving veteran of the Boer Wars. George Ives became known in the UK after a piece in the Peterborough Column in the Daily Telegraph. His record as oldest British veteran, at 111 years and 146 days, of any war was broken on 1 November 2007 by First World War veteran Henry Allingham.
Biography.
Ives was born at Brighton, England. The family worked for the Tidmarsh family. He worked in his father's work shop in Bristol until 1899. That December, Ives was eager to enlist after hearing that the British had been defeated at Colenso, Magersfontein.
In the Boer War, George fought with the Imperial Yeomanry, along with 122 other veterans, of the British Army in South Africa.
Ives emigrated to Canada in 1903 with his father and purchased of land for ten dollars. He was rejected from service in World War I because of a heart murmur.
In 1910, he married Kay Nelson. The couple had three sons and three daughters. Nelson disliked hard-life of the prairies, so the family moved in 1919 to White Rock, British Columbia. Ives owned a farm there and eventually retired from it in 1941. He looked and found another job because he said that his retirement was an excuse to change jobs. So until 1956, 15 years later, he worked in a shipyard building wooden scows, and confirmed his retirement.
The couple had resided in that same house until 1984, until moving into a retirement home. He attended the Albert Hall service on Remembrance day 1992 in England and met Queen Elizabeth and her mother; Baroness Margaret Thatcher, and Prime Minister John Major. Ives died on 12 April 1993 at aged 111 years, 146 days in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9680631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680631" title="Rudolf Leuckart">
Rudolf Leuckart

Karl Georg Friedrich Rudolf Leuckart (October 7, 1822 – February 6, 1898) was a German zoologist born in Helmstedt. He was a nephew to naturalist Friedrich Sigismund Leuckart (1794-1843).
Academic career.
He earned his degree from the University of Göttingen, where he was a student of Rudolf Wagner (1805-1864). Afterwards he participated on a scientific expedition to the North Sea for the study marine invertebrates. Later he became a professor of zoology at the University of Giessen (1850) and the University of Leipzig (1869).
Parasitological research.
Leuckart is remembered for his work in parasitology, particularly research regarding tapeworm and trichinosis. He was the first to prove that "Taenia saginata" occurs only in cattle (and humans), and "Taenia solium" occurs only in swine (and humans). His study of "Trichina" helped support Rudolf Virchow's campaign to create meat inspection laws in Germany.
With Virchow and Friedrich Albert von Zenker (1825-1898), he was the first to document the life cycle of the parasite "Trichinella spiralis" in swine and humans. He also did important studies of the sheep liver fluke.
Today the "Rudolf-Leuckart-Medaille" is an annual award given for research in parasitology by the "Deutschen Gesellschaft für Parasitologie" (German Society of Parasitology).
Other contributions.
Leuckart is credited with splitting George Cuvier's "Radiata" into two phyla: Coelenterata and Echinodermata. As a scientist, his excellent descriptions of morphologic details gave credence to the idea that zoological evolution can be learned through its anatomical changes. Between 1877 and 1892, he developed a series of zoological wall charts that have been used worldwide as teaching aids.
In the field of entomology, he conducted investigations into the micropyle and fertilization of insect eggs, the reproduction and development involving members of Pupipara, parthenogenesis among insects, and studies on the anatomy and life history of the honeybee. 
A quote attributed to Rudolf Leuckart:

</doc>
<doc id="9680632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680632" title="Elizabeth Kee">
Elizabeth Kee

Maude Elizabeth Kee (June 7, 1895 – February 15, 1975), known more generally as Elizabeth Kee, was a U.S. Democratic politician. She was the first woman elected to Congress from West Virginia.
Biography.
She was born Maude Elizabeth Simpkins in Radford, Virginia. She married John Kee, and served as her husband's executive secretary from November 1932, when he was first elected to Congress, until his death in 1951. After her husband's death, she was elected as a Democrat in a special election to succeed her husband in the United States House of Representatives serving the Fifth Congressional District of West Virginia in the 82nd through the 88th U.S. Congress. She was elected to six more terms and served from July 17, 1951 to January 3, 1965. She did not run for re-election in 1964, and was succeeded in Congress by her son, James Kee. She died in Bluefield, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9680641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680641" title="Seneschal of Anjou">
Seneschal of Anjou

A seneschal ("siniscallus", Vulgar or old Frankish Latin, also "dapifer") was an officer of an aristocratic household assigned to manage the domestic affairs of the lord. During the course of the twelfth century, the seneschalship also became an office of military command.
Power of the Angevin Seneschals.
The seneschal came also to act as a business manager, coordinating between the receivers of various landholdings and the chamber, camera or treasury, and the chancellory or chapel. When the counts of Anjou began acquiring large territorial holdings outside of their traditional patrimony, their rule became more and more absentee. With the rule of Henry II of England, the office of seneschal had become almost vice-regal. The seneschals of Anjou, like those appointed in Normandy, Poitou, and Gascony had custody of demesne fortresses, the regional treasuries, and presidency of the highest court of regional custom. Although there is no direct evidence that an Exchequer court of Anjou existed, traces of a Poitevin Exchequer and detailed records of the Gascon Exchequers during the reign of Henry III of England would indicate that there most likely was a functioning exchequer, probably at Chinon which served as the central treasury and chief stronghold of Anjou, Maine, and Touraine.
Capetian Seneschals of Anjou.
the office continued down the male line of the Craon family

</doc>
<doc id="9680651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680651" title="Elena Iparraguirre">
Elena Iparraguirre

Elena Iparraguirre, also known as Comrade Miriam, is a high-ranking member of the Peruvian Maoist revolutionary and terrorist organization Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path). Iparraguirre was captured in Lima in 1992 along with her lover, Shining Path founder Abimael Guzmán. In 1992, she received a sentence of life imprisonment by a secret military tribunal. She was awarded a new trial in a civilian court in 2004, but the proceeding ended as a mistrial. After a third trial in 2006, both Iparraguirre and Guzman again received life sentences.

</doc>
<doc id="9680668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680668" title="Baf Ülkü Yurdu S.K.">
Baf Ülkü Yurdu S.K.

Baf Ülkü Yurdu Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot sports club established in Paphos (, ) in 1947 and since 1974, the team has been playing its home games in Güzelyurt. With 4 Birinci Lig titles, 3 Cumhurbaşkanlığı Kupası (President's Cup), 2 Dr. Fazıl Küçük Kupası titles and 1 Başbakanlık Kupasi (Prime Minister's Cup) title to its name, the club is among the most successful sports clubs in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus football.
History.
The football leagues were set up in Cyprus upon the establishment of Cyprus Football Association in 1934 and Çetinkaya Türk S.K. joined the Cypriot First Division as the sole representative of the Turkish Cypriot community. The idea of Turkish Cypriots living in Baf establishing a sports club started to evolve and in 1947 a petition was submitted to the British authorities ruling Cyprus at that time for the formation of the club. Two prominent members of the Turkish Cypriot community in Baf were assigned the responsibility to proceed with the establishment of the club; Mr. Halit Ali Rıza and Mr. Derviş Ahmet Raşit. The petition was approved and Ülkü Yurdu Spor Kulübü was formally established on 23 April 1947. Since the petition was prepared by Mr. Halit Ali Rıza, who was a lawyer, he became the founding president of Ülkü Yurdu Spor Kulübü and Mr. Derviş Ahmet Raşit was elected as the first president in the first assembly of club's members. A house was rented in Moutallos neighbourhood of Baf that served as the headquarters of the club.
1947-1960.
Upon its establishment, Ülkü Yurdu became a focal point in the lives of the Turkish Cypriot community in Baf. Due to the inter-communal conflict between the Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriots at the time, the club did not register to play in the Cypriot First Division and only participated in some friendly matches. When the Cyprus Turkish Football Federation was formed in 1955, Ülkü Yurdu was invited to the league that was to be formed as the sole representative team from Baf. From 1955 to 1960, Ülkü Yurdu participated at various levels of the Turkish Cypriot league that was formed.
1961-1980.
In early 1960s, Ülkü Yurdu continued to take part in the Turkish Cypriot football league. The team achieved its highest ranking during the 1963-64 season when it was ranked 2nd in the First Division of the Turkish Cypriot football league. However, that season was not completed due to the increased level of inter-communal violence between Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots. The league was resumed in 1968-69 season and Ülkü Yurdu became a regular in the league in the years that followed.
Following the summer of 1974, the Turkish Cypriot community in Baf moved to the north of the island due to the political situation in Cyprus. The majority of the Turkish Cypriot community of Baf settled in Güzelyurt, which also became Ülkü Yurdu's new home. The club added Baf meaning Paphos in Turkish to its name in order to stay loyal to its roots.
1981-2000.
Ülkü Yurdu enjoyed great success during the later part of the 1980s. The team was crowned the champions of the Turkish Cypriot First Division four years in a row; in 1986-87, in 1987-88, in 1988-89 and in 1989-90. Ülkü Yurdu became the first team to achieve such a feat and no other Turkish Cypriot team has achieved the same level of success to date. Ülkü Yurdu also won the Cumhurbaşkanlığı Kupası (President's Cup) 3 times and Dr. Fazıl Küçük Kupası twice during the same period. Following its success at home, Ülkü Yurdu became the first Turkish Cypriot football team to be invited to a tournament in Turkey and won it as well. The team entered into a gradual decline afterwards and was relegated to İkinci Lig in the 1994-95 season. Despite being promoted back to Birinci Lig in the 1997-98 season, the team did not manage to survive and spent the later parts of 1990s between Birinci Lig and İkinci Lig.
2001-Current.
Due to economic underdevelopment and negligence of the Güzelyurt area, Ülkü Yurdu continued to suffer from inconsistency during the early 2000s. The club currently plays at İkinci Lig West Division.
Academy.
The club is renowned for producing talented young players from its youth ranks raised in the local area of Güzelyurt. Over the years, many players have emerged from Under-19 and Under-14 teams to play for the first team. In June 2009, the Under-14 team won the national Under-14 league in a decisive manner by winning all of its 13 games, scoring 65 goals and conceding 7 goals on the way to their triumph.
Supporters.
Ülkü Yurdu is widely supported by Turkish Cypriots who are from Baf. According to a survey carried out in 2005, Baf Ülkü Yurdu is the third most supported team in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus with 8,7% of the people surveyed indicating their alliance to the team.
Colors.
The club colors are red and green.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Güzelyurt Zafer Stadı.

</doc>
<doc id="9680697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680697" title="Seismic Seconds">
Seismic Seconds

Seismic Seconds is a documentary television series that aired in the late 1990s on the National Geographic Channel. The program analysed the causes of six incidents, five involving the loss of human life. The better-known sequel to "Seismic Seconds", "Seconds From Disaster", was spun off from the series.
In the British version, the narrator says in the voiceover:
The beginning of this Voiceover: was later used in the series Seconds From Disaster

</doc>
<doc id="9680709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680709" title="The Complete Duets">
The Complete Duets

The Complete Duets is a two-disc compilation album of duet recordings by Motown Records artists Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell, recorded between 1965 and 1969. The set compiles all of the tracks from the duo's three albums - "United," "You're All I Need" and "Easy" - as well as several of Tammi Terrell's solo recordings and other previously unissued material.
Tracklisting.
"Superscripts identify the following: tracks marked (a) are Tammi Terrell solo tracks with Gaye's vocals overdubbed to create duet versions, tracks marked (b) feature Valerie Simpson substituting for Tammi Terrell, tracks marked (c) are Tammi Terrell solo recordings, and tracks marked (d) are previously unreleased."

</doc>
<doc id="9680718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680718" title="Derrick C. Brown">
Derrick C. Brown

Derrick C. Brown is a poet/performer and founder of Write Bloody Publishing. He is the author of several books of poetry and is a popular touring poet. He lives in Austin, Texas.
Life.
Derrick Brown is an American storyteller, poet and publisher who most recently won the Texas Book of The Year for Poetry for his collection, Strange Light. He was born February 7, 1973 in San Francisco, CA. His Father, Cliff Brown, is an Irish, German, Choctaw and Cherokee native of Texas. His Father was a former Air Force Butcher in San Francisco, CA. Cliff Brown is a retired Emu farmer, Naval dockworker/gasketmaker that worked in Long Beach, CA and now lives in Splendora, Texas. His Mother, Nancy Counts is a church counselor from San Francisco, now living in Cypress, California. His parents are divorced. He has a sister and a step-father.
Brown graduated from Pacifica High School in 1991 and became a highly decorated paratrooper for the 82nd Airborne in Ft. Bragg, North Carolina for three years from 1991-1993. He was also trained in combat arms as an Airborne Artilleryman, expert M203 Grenadier, expert Humvee Driver and expert M60 marksman. He is a disabled veteran due to hearing loss from artillery while being enlisted during the First Gulf War. He studied Speech and Debate (Forensics), Playwriting and Broadcast Journalism at Cypress College, Palomar College and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff Arizona. Prior to beginning his career as a poet and publisher, Brown held numerous odd jobs, including a weatherman (Flagstaff Arizona, 1997), a magician (Knotts Berry Farm, 1988 to 1990)
, a singing gondolier (Naples, CA from 2000 to 2004) and a writer and director for a children's show called Kidmo/Invision (1998- 2007).
Music.
Brown was the lead singer/song writer of the "John Wilkes Kissing Booth". and "All Black Cinema". Most recently, he performs with musician Beau Jennings in the group "Night Reports" which focuses on haunted baseball themed music. He credits his background in independent music for much of his success with his touring career and publishing house.
Poetry / Performance.
Brown first discovered poetry when he was enlisted in the 82nd Airborne. His involvement with poetry escalated when he became involved with the Long Beach and Orange County Poetry Slam community. He competed at his first National Poetry Slam in 1998, where he placed second in the National Poetry Slam individual championship in 1998. He began touring nationally with his poetry shortly thereafter. To date, Brown has performed at over 1800 venues and universities, including Glastonbury, La Sorbonne in Paris, CBGB's, The Nuyorican Poets Café in New York City, The Mission Creek Literary Festival and The Berlin International Literary Festival.
Early in his career, Brown often toured solo. However, he became known for touring and collaborating with other artists. In October 2006, Brown teamed up with poet and actress Amber Tamblyn for several poetry performances in California called The Lazers of Sexcellance. In 2007, he toured Europe opening for the band Cold War Kids, chronicled in the documentary poetry concert film about him, "You Belong Everywhere." In 2009, The All Tomorrow's Parties Festival, curated by The Flaming Lips, invited Derrick Brown to be the opening act for comedian David Cross. Brown performed with The Navy Gravy. IN 2006, Brown collaborated with painter Blaine Fontana for a live reading and gallery opening of new paintings based on Brown's work. Brown performed as a poet on The Tonight show with Jay Leno in 2007 with Cold War Kids, Elvis Perkins and Jessica Alba.
Brown was known for being an innovator in curating unique and creative poetry adventures like the Double Decker Poetry Bus Party and poetry shows at sea for Poetry Cruise, which he started in Long Beach CA, 2008.
Brown is the brainchild of The Lightbulb Mouth Radio Hour. With Mindy Nettifee and later Jeremy Radin, Brown curated a new type of live literary show involving news, informationists, authors and music.
Derrick has performed for the Best American Contemporary Poetry Concert series, The Drums Inside Your Chest, curated by Mindy Nettifee and Amber Tamblyn. He appears in the film of the same name.
In 2011, Derrick was commissioned to write a new, 40-55 minute long poem for the prestigious Noord Nederlands Dans Collective, choreographed by Juilliard alum Stephen Shropshire. The work, Instrumental, was achieved by using fourteen dancers, an orchestra, one poet and was conducted by Emily Wells and Timmy Straw. It received rave reviews in the Netherlands and Canada. The poem for Instrumental, "Strange Light" is simultaneously a cosmic love story and an auto-biographical gut-search, culls themes present throughout his poetry into a single work, where they are clarified in the light of a newfound personal vulnerability. “When you die, it is poetry that leaves the body,” Brown writes — so it follows that life is all of the poetry vibrating within the body. The poem tells the story of one such body: “a man with strange light and tiny blisses…”
He is currently represented by Agent Ofer Ziv at Blue Flower Arts.
The Poetry Revival Tours.
In 2007, Brown began touring annually with Buddy Wakefield and Anis Mojgani, calling their group “The Poetry Revival.” Each year, the group invited other popular performance poets and musicians to join them for certain legs of the tour, and altered the name slightly to reflect the changing line-up. 2007 was known as Solomon Sparrow's Electric Whale Revival. 2008 was known as Junkyard Ghost Revival. 2009 was known the Elephant Engine High Dive Revival. And 2010 was known as the Night Kite Revival.The Poetry Revival. These poetry events were performed to large, enthusiastic crowds all across the United States.
Write Bloody Publishing.
In 2004, Brown started Write Bloody Publishing, an independent press founded in Nashville, TN. It moved headquarters to Long Beach, CA and in 2012, moved it again to Austin, Texas. The press is known for publishing established and emerging poets, and each author must tour annually. Write Bloody is known as being at the forefront of innovative Independent Publishing and has released 90 volumes of poetry, including books by Buddy Wakefield, Anis Mojgani, Taylor Mali, Andrea Gibson, Cristin O'Keefe Aptowicz and Beau Sia, among others. The books are distributed internationally by SCB distributors. Brown is quoted as saying that he utilizes a rock and roll, record label indie model for running his publishing company.
In 2012, Brown's press, Write Bloody Publishing was asked to curate the WordXWord festival in Pittsfield Massachusetts.
In 2012, Brown launched The Shelf Life Poetry project to send poetry books that would otherwise be shredded to homeless shelters, prisons and underfunded youth writing programs.
In 2012, Brown opened up the first all poetry, physical bookshop just for his press, called Write Bloody, in Austin, Texas.
Anthologies.
Collections in which Derrick Brown’s work is included:
Film Awards.
Winner – Crystal Heart Award, 2011 Heartland Film Festival
Winner – Best Short Film, 2012 Boulder International Film Festival
Winner – Best Short Film, 2012 Maui Film Festival
Winner – CINE Golden Eagle Award, Fall 2011
Winner – CINE Special Jury Award, Best Short Film, 2011
Winner – CINE Master’s Series Award, Best Independent Production, 2011
Winner – Best Film, 2011 San Jose Short Film Festival
Winner – Best Film, 2012 Santa Clarita Valley Film Festival
Winner – Best Film, Best Directors, Audience Favorite, 2011 Milwaukee Short Film Festival
Winner – Best Film, Audience Favorite, 2012 Love Your Shorts Film Festival
Winner – Best Short Film, 2012 Sacramento International Film Festival
Winner – Best Short Experimental Film, 2012 Sonoma International Film Festival
Winner – Audience Favorite, 2011 DC Shorts Film Festival
Winner – Audience Favorite, 2012 Tumbleweed Film Festival
Winner – Audience Favorite, 2012 Rochester International Film Festival
Winner – Best Drama, 2012 Dam Short Film Festival
Winner – Best Experimental Film, 2011 Miami Short Film Festival
Winner – Best Experimental Film, 2011 Illinois International Film Festival
Winner – Best Experimental Film, 2012 Big Easy International Film and Music Festival
Winner – Best Experimental Film, 2012 River Bend International Film Festival
Winner – Best Editing, 2012 Festivus Film Festival
Winner – Gold Award, 2012 Media Film Festival
Winner – Award of Merit, 2011 Best Shorts Competition
Winner – Best “Open” Film, 2012 The MIX International Short Film Festival
Winner - Most Inspiring Film, 2012 Couch Fest Films

</doc>
<doc id="9680733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680733" title="Tülu">
Tülu

A Tülu Camel is a breed of camel that results from mating a male Bactrian camel with a female Dromedary. This breed is sometimes called an F1 Hybrid Camel. The resulting camel is larger than either a Bactrian or a Dromedary, and has traditionally been used as a draft animal. This breed of camel is also the breed used in the sport of Camel wrestling.
Tülu Camels have one large hump instead of two or one smaller ones.

</doc>
<doc id="9680734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680734" title="Endlose Treppe">
Endlose Treppe

The Endlose Treppe (meaning "Endless Steps" in German) is a sculpture made by the Swiss artist Max Bill in 1991 for the philosopher Ernst Bloch. It is made of North American granite. 
It stands near the Wilhelm-Hack-Museum in the city-center of Ludwigshafen am Rhein. According to the artist, the 19 winding steps of granite, which stand nearly 10 meters, are supposed to represent Ernst Bloch's "principle of hope".

</doc>
<doc id="9680754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680754" title="Brown Shoes Don't Make It">
Brown Shoes Don't Make It

Brown Shoes Don't Make It is a song by The Mothers of Invention, written by band leader Frank Zappa. It is the 14th and penultimate song on their second album "Absolutely Free". It is one of his most widely renowned works, declared by the "Allmusic" as "Zappa's first real masterpiece".
History.
The title was inspired by an event covered by Time Magazine reporter Hugh Sidey in 1966. The reporter correctly guessed that something was up when the fastidiously dressed President Lyndon B. Johnson made the fashion faux pas of wearing brown shoes with a gray suit. LBJ flew to Vietnam for a surprise public relations visit later that day.
A live version of this song is featured on the album Tinseltown Rebellion.
Music and lyrics.
The lyrics start off as a general attack on suburban American society: TV, greed and conformity are all mocked openly in the song. It then shifts in tone, dealing with a city hall official fantasizing about having sex with a thirteen-year-old girl.
The music makes several stylistic shifts, covering hard rock, classical, psychedelic rock, music hall and jazz. It is cited by Allmusic as being a "condensed two-hour musical". The song lasts 7:30 and is the twelfth track (fourteenth on CD reissues) on Absolutely Free. According to Zappa, the beginning background music was inspired by Lightnin' Slim's "Have Your Way".
Reception.
The song has received widespread acclaim from critics, and is considered by many as "Zappa's first masterpiece". In a positive review of the album, Dominique Chevalier said "there are snatches of dodecaphonic scales, ballads, rock, R&B, Beach Boys, soap opera and more...and ensures that this is no piece of easy listening". As well as giving its parent album 4.5 stars, Allmusic gave a very positive review of the song. It is also included in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
Personnel.
with:

</doc>
<doc id="9680766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680766" title="City Honors High School">
City Honors High School

City Honors High School (CHHS) also known as City Honors Preparatory, is a public high school in Inglewood, California, United States, serving grades 9–12. City Honors High School is a school in the Inglewood Unified School District (IUSD) City Honors High School is located at 155 west Kelso Street Inglewood, CA 90301. Being that City Honors is a college preparatory charter school, City Honors is designed to allow their students to graduate high school with an AA along with their high school diploma. As City Honors staff and facuality helps push the students to success, a family bond is created in the process. So, not only is City Honors College Preparatory Charter School pushing for an education and success, but also pushing for the family bonds among everyone.
The criteria for acceptance into City Honors include the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="9680804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680804" title="Mula Sangh">
Mula Sangh

Mula Sangh (Sanskrit मूलसंघ) is an ancient Jain monastic order. Mula literally means the "root" or the original order.
Mula-Sangh has been the main Digambar Jain order. Today the Digambar Jain tradition is synonymous with Mula Sangha. The great Acharya Kundakunda is associated with Mula Sangh. The oldest known mention of Mula Sangh is from 430 AD.
Mula Sangh was divided into a few branches. According to Shrutavatara of Acharya Indranandi and Nitisar of Bhattaraka Indranandi, Acharya Arhadbali had organized a council of Jain monks, and had given names (gana or sangha) to different groups. The four major groups were
The Bhattarakas of Shravanabelagola and Mudabidri belong to Deshiya Gana, the Bhattaraka of Humbaj belongs to the Balatkara Gana.
Several Digambara orders in North India belonged to Kashtha Sangha. There were some minor differences in practices between the Mula Sangh and the Kashtha Sangh.

</doc>
<doc id="9680823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680823" title="Hat 2 da Back">
Hat 2 da Back

"Hat 2 Da Back" is TLC's fourth and final single from their debut album, "Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip". The song reached #30 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, while reaching #14 on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
Music video.
The music video is built around a remixed version of the song. The video depicts the group singing the song during a photo shoot and a concert, where a man is watching them and fantasising about them in tight clothing as opposed to the baggy clothing they favour.

</doc>
<doc id="9680827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680827" title="Winged-helix transcription factors">
Winged-helix transcription factors

Consisting of about 110 amino acids, the domain in winged-helix transcription factors has four helices and a two-strand beta-sheet. 
These proteins are classified into 19 families called FoxA-FoxS. 
Mutations in FoxP proteins are implicated in human autoimmune diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="9680839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680839" title="Jorge Campillo">
Jorge Campillo

Jorge "Popeye" Campillo Hidalgo (born August 10, 1978) is a right-handed pitcher for the Tigres de Quintana Roo organization who has played on two Major League Baseball teams.
Campillo was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Atlanta Braves on February 14, . Campillo was released by the Braves after the 1996 season and signed with a team in the Mexican Pacific League. The Mariners acquired his rights and signed him on March 26, .
He had bathroom trouble during one of his games.He made his major league debut in 2005 with the Seattle Mariners, playing in two games during the season. After leaving a game in 2005 with an injury, Campillo required Tommy John surgery and subsequently missed most of the season. After rehabbing, Campillo made a rocky first post-surgery appearance with the Mariners in late 2006, after the team purchased his contract from Triple-A Tacoma. He became a free agent after the 2006 season, but was resigned to a minor league contract by the Mariners.
Campillo played Winter Ball prior to the season, when he very successfully headlined the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers' starting rotation. His recovery complete, Campillo led the Pacific Coast League in ERA. After the end of the minor league season, he was recalled to Seattle, where Campillo made several successful appearances out of the Mariner bullpen.
Campillo became a free agent after the season. On December 17, 2007, Campillo signed with the Atlanta Braves to a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training.
Campillo did not make the opening day roster but soon received a callup on April 10. He made his Braves debut on April 13 in a relief appearance against the Washington Nationals. Campillo made his first start as an Atlanta Brave on May 20, 2008. He pitched 6 innings and was credited with a win.
On October 12, 2009 the Atlanta Braves outrighted him to the Gwinnett Braves and he elected free agency.
On November 20, 2009, Campillo signed a minor-league contract with the Kansas City Royals.
Since earlier 2011 he became Tigre de Quintana Roo, a Triple A team in the Mexican League. And they won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9680861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680861" title="A-Eiropa">
A-Eiropa

A-Eiropa is a Russian (Latvian) pop-music band from Latvia. The name A-Eiropa originally stood for "Austrumeiropa" which means "Eastern Europe" in Latvian.
A quite unusual cultural phenomenon is the fact that the group most often releases two versions of songs - one in Latvian and another in Russian (same music, different verses) - or mixes both languages in the same song.
The originator and voice of the group is Arturs Duboks, who lives in the city of Daugavpils in Latvia.
The group has several times ranked in the top of the hits list for national radio stations and abroad. A-Eiropa's hits have included "Baltās rozes"/"Белые розы" (White roses), "Jūrmala"/"Юрмала" (Jūrmala) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9680960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680960" title="Placido">
Placido

Placido may refer to:
People.
As a given name.
and also

</doc>
<doc id="9680966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680966" title="Wang Zhen (official)">
Wang Zhen (official)

Wang Zhen (, fl. 1290 – 1333) was an official of the Yuan Dynasty (1271 – 1368 AD) of China. He was one of the early innovators of the wooden movable type printing system. His illustrated agricultural treatise was also one of the most advanced of its day, covering a wide range of equipment and technologies available in the late 13th and early 14th century.
Life and works.
Wang Zhen was born in Shandong province, and spent many years as an official of both Anhui and Jiangxi provinces. From the years 1290 to 1301, he was a magistrate for Jingde, Anhui province, where he was a pioneer of the use of wooden movable type printing. The wooden movable type was described in Wang Zhen's publication of 1313 AD, known as the "Nong Shu" (農書), or Book of Agriculture. Although the title describes the main focus of the work, it incorporated much more information on a wide variety of subjects that was not limited to the scope of agriculture. Wang Zhen's "Nong Shu" of 1313 was a very important medieval treatise outlining the application and use of the various Chinese sciences, technologies, and agricultural practices. From water powered bellows to movable type printing, it is considered a descriptive masterpiece on contemporary medieval Chinese technology.
Wang Zhen wrote the masterpiece of the "Nong Shu" for many practical reasons, but also as a means to aid and support destitute rural farmers in China looking for means to improve their economic livelihoods in the face of poverty and oppression during the Yuan period. Although the previous Song Dynasty was a period of high Chinese culture and relative economic and agricultural stability, the conquering Mongol rulers of the Yuan Dynasty thoroughly damaged the economic and agricultural base of China during the conquest of it. Hence, a book such as the "Nong Shu" could help rural farmers maximize efficiency of producing yields and they could learn how to use various agricultural tools to aid their daily lives. However, it was not intended to be read by rural farmers (who were largely illiterate), but local officials who desired to research the best agricultural methods currently available that the peasants otherwise would know little of.
The "Nong Shu" was an incredibly long book even for its own time, which had over 110,000 written Chinese characters. However, this was only slightly larger than the early medieval Chinese agricultural treatise of the "Chi Min Yao Shu" written by Jia Sixia in 535 AD, which had slightly over 100,000 written Chinese characters.
Technical innovations.
Water powered bellows.
The Chinese during the Han Dynasty (202 BC – 220 AD) were the first to apply hydraulic power (i.e. a waterwheel) in working the inflatable bellows of the blast furnace in creating cast iron. This was recorded in the year 31 AD, an innovation of the engineer Du Shi, Prefect of Nanyang. After Du Shi, Chinese in subsequent dynastic periods continued the use of water power to operate the bellows of the blast furnace. In the 5th century text of the "Wu Chang Ji", its author Pi Ling wrote that a planned, artificial lake had been constructed in the Yuan-Jia reign period (424 – 429 AD) for the sole purpose of powering water wheels aiding the smelting and casting processes of the Chinese iron industry. The 5th century text "Shui Jing Zhu" mentions the use of rushing river water to power waterwheels, as does the Tang Dynasty geography text of the "Yuan-he Jun Xian Tu Chi", written in 814 AD.
Although Du Shi was the first to apply water power to bellows in metallurgy, the first drawn and printed illustration of its operation with water power came in 1313 AD, with Wang Zhen's "Nong Shu". Wang Zhen explained the methods used for the water-powered blast-furnace in previous times and in his era of the 14th century:
Wang's movable type printing.
In improving movable type printing, Wang Zhen mentioned an alternative method of baking earthenware printing type with earthenware frame in order to make whole blocks. Wang Zhen is best known for his usage of wooden movable type while he was a magistrate of Jingde in Anhui province from 1290 to 1301. His main contribution was improving the speed of typesetting with simple mechanical devices, along with the complex, systematic arrangement of wooden movable types. Wang Zhen summarized the process of making wooden movable type as described in the passage below:
Wooden movable type had been used and experimented with by Bi Sheng in the 11th century, but it was discarded because wood was judged to be an unsuitable material to use. Wang Zhen improved the earlier experimented process by adding the methods of specific type cutting and finishing, making the type case and revolving table that made the process more efficient. In Wang Zhen's system, all the Chinese writing characters were organized by five different tones and according to rhyming, using a standard official book of Chinese rhymes. Two revolving tables were actually used in the process; one table that had official types from the book of rhymes, and the other which contained the most frequently used Chinese writing characters for quick selection. To make the entire process more efficient, each Chinese character was assigned a different number, so that when a number was called, that writing character would be selected. Rare and unusual characters that were not prescribed a number were simply crafted on the spot by wood-cutters when needed.
While printing new books, Wang Zhen described that the rectangular dimensions of each book needed to be determined in order to make the corrected size of the four-sided wooden block used in printing. Providing the necessary ink job was done by brush that was moved vertically in columns, while the impression on paper the columns had to be rubbed with brush from top to bottom.
Two centuries before Hua Sui pioneered bronze-type printing in China in 1490 AD, Wang Zhen had experimented with printing using tin, a metal favored for its low melting point while casting. In the "Nong Shu", Wang Zhen wrote:
Thus, Chinese metal type of the 13th century using tin was unsuccessful because it was incompatible with the inking process. Although unsuccessful in Wang Zhen's time, the bronze metal type of Hua Sui in the late 15th century would be used for centuries in China, up until the late 19th century.
Although Wang Zhen's "Nong Shu" was mostly printed by use of woodblock printing, his innovation of wooden movable type soon became popularly used in the region of Anhui. Wang Zhen's wooden movable type was used to print the local gazetteer paper of Jingde City, which incorporated the use of 60,000 written characters organized on revolving tables. During the year of 1298, roughly one hundred copies of this were printed by wooden movable type in a month's time. Following in the foot steps of Wang Zhen, in 1322 AD the magistrate of Fenghua, Zhejiang province, named Ma Chengde, printed Confucian classics with movable type of 100,000 written characters on needed revolving tables. The process of metal movable type was also developed in Joseon Korea by the 13th century, while metal movable type was not pioneered in China until the Ming Dynasty (1368 – 1644 AD) printer Hua Sui used bronze movable type in 1490 AD. Although metal movable type became available in China during the Ming period, wooden movable type persisted in common use even until the 19th century. After that point, the European printing press machine first pioneered by Johannes Gutenberg in the 15th century became the mainstay and standard in China and for the most part the global community until the advent of digital printing and the modern computer printer.
With movable type printing during the Ming dynasty of the 14th to 16th centuries, however, it was known to be used by local academies, local government offices, by wealthy local patrons of printing, and the large Chinese commercial printers located in the cities of Nanjing, Suzhou, Changzhou, Hangzhou, Wenzhou, and Fuzhou. There were many books from a wide variety of subjects published in wooden movable type during the Ming period, including novels, art, science and technology, family registers, and local gazettes. In 1541 AD, two different significant publications using wooden movable type were made under the sponsorship of two different princes; the Prince of Shu printing the large literary collection of the earlier Song Dynasty poet Su Che, and the Prince of Yi printing a book written as a rebuttal against superstitions written by a Yuan Dynasty era author.
During the Qing Dynasty (1644 – 1911), wooden movable type was used on a much wider scale than even the previous Ming period. It was officially sponsored by the imperial court at Beijing, yet was widespread amongst private printing companies. The creation of movable type writing fonts became a wise enterprise of investment, since they were commonly pawned, sold, or presented as gifts during the Qing period. In the sphere of the imperial court, the official Jin Jian (d. 1794) was placed in charge of printing at the Wuying Palace, where the Yongzheng Emperor had 253,000 wooden movable type characters crafted in the year of 1733. Jin Jian, the official in charge of this project, provided elaborate detail on the printing process in his "Wu Ying Tian Ju Zhen Ban Cheng Shi" (Imperial Printing Office Manual for Movable Type). In nineteen different sections, he provided detailed description for:
There are notable differences between Wang Zhen's movable type process and Jin Jian's. Wang carved the written characters on wooden blocks and then sawed them apart, while Jin initiated the process by preparing type bodies before the characters were individually cut into types. For setting type, Wang employed a method of revolving tables where the type came to the workers, whereas Jin developed a system where the workers went to the organized type. Wang's frame was also added after the type had already been set, whereas Jin printed the ruled sheets and text separately on the same paper.
Agriculture.
The main focus of the "Nong Shu" written by Wang Zhen was the realm of Chinese agriculture. His book listed and described an enormous catalogue of agricultural tools and implements used in the past and in his own day. Furthermore, Wang Zhen incorporated a systematic usage of illustrated pictures in his book to accompany every piece of farming equipment described. Wang Zhen also created an agricultural calendrical diagram in the form of a circle, which included the Heavenly Stems, the Earthly Branches, the four seasons, twelve months, twenty-four solar terms, seventy-two five day periods, with each sequence of agricultural tasks and the natural phenomena which signal for their necessity, stellar configurations, phenology, and the sequence of agricultural production.
Amongst the various contemporary agricultural practices mentioned in the Nong Shu, Wang listed and described the use of ploughing, sowing, irrigation, cultivation of mulberries, etc. It listed and described many of the various foodstuffs and products of the many regions of China. The book outlined the use of not only agricultural tools, but food-processing, irrigation equipment, different types of fields, ceremonial vessels, various types of grain storage, carts, boats, mechanical devices, and textile machinery used in many applications. For example, one of the many devices described and illustrated in drawing is a large mechanical milling plant operated by the motive power of oxen, with an enormous rotating geared wheel engaging the toothed gears of eight different mills surrounding it. Of great interest to sinologist historians, Wang Zhen also outlined the difference between the agricultural technology of Northern China and that of Southern China. The main characteristic of agricultural technology of the north was technical applications fit for predominantly dryland cultivation, while intensified irrigation cultivation was more suitable for southern China. Furthermore, Wang used his treatise as a means to spread knowledge in support of certain agricultural practices or technologies found exclusively in either South or North that could benefit the other, if only they were more widely known, such as the southern hand-harrow used for weeding in the south, yet virtually unknown in the north.
Nong Shu Book chapters.
Chapters 1—6
Chapters 7—10
Chapters 11—22

</doc>
<doc id="9680992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9680992" title="Bill Pankow">
Bill Pankow

Bill Pankow (born 1952) is an American film editor with more than 32 film credits dating from 1982. He won the Seattle Film Critics Award for Best Editing in 2002 for his work on "Femme Fatale". "Femme Fatale" was one of the nine films that Pankow has edited with director Brian De Palma commencing with "Body Double" in 1984. His other credits include:
Pankow has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors.
He lives with his family in Scarsdale, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9681016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681016" title="Battle of Fair Oaks &amp; Darbytown Road">
Battle of Fair Oaks &amp; Darbytown Road

The Battle of Fair Oaks & Darbytown Road (also known as the Second Battle of Fair Oaks) was fought October 27–28, 1864, in Henrico County, Virginia, as part of the Richmond-Petersburg Campaign of the American Civil War.
In combination with movements against the Boydton Plank Road at Petersburg, Maj. Gen. Benjamin Butler attacked the Richmond defenses along Darbytown Road with the X Corps. The XVIII Corps marched north to Fair Oaks where it was soundly repulsed by Maj. Gen. Charles W. Field's Confederate division. Confederate forces counterattacked, taking some 600 prisoners. The Richmond defenses remained intact. Of Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant's offensives north of the James River, this was repulsed most easily. Union casualties were 1,603, Confederates fewer than 100.

</doc>
<doc id="9681024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681024" title="Lucaya, Bahamas">
Lucaya, Bahamas

Lucaya is a suburb of Freeport, Bahamas a city on the island of Grand Bahama, approximately 105 mi (160 km) east-northeast of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Lucaya's primary industry is tourism. 
Major hotels and attractions in the resort are the Our Lucaya resort, which includes both The Radisson and Reef Village properties,Pelican Bay Hotel and the UNEXSO (UNderwater EXplorers SOciety) dive charter operation. 
UNEXSO was the first destination dive charter business in the world and now features a dolphinarium as well as a variety of SCUBA diving charters including shark feeding dives.
Port Lucaya is a popular spring break destination with the socializing centering on Count Basie Square.

</doc>
<doc id="9681039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681039" title="Genuine Opposition">
Genuine Opposition

Genuine Opposition (GO) is the political multi-party electoral alliance of the parties' senatorial line-up for the 2007 Philippine midterm elections, which is in opposition to President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. It was originally called the "United Opposition" (UNO), created by opposition stalwart and Makati City Mayor Jejomar Binay on June 2005 to unite all politicians who wanted to impeach President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. UNO then reorganized itself and changed its name to Grand and Broad Coalition (GBC), with the UNO party under that coalition. On February 15, 2007 the group changed its name again to Genuine Opposition after a meeting with Senate President Manny Villar in his office in Las Piñas City.
Coalition members.
Mainstream party members
Background.
The "United Opposition" Coalition was created by Makati City Mayor Jejomar Binay on June 2005 to unite all politicians who wished to impeach Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo. The UNO started scouting candidates for the Senate as early as October 2006 to claim a large share of the Senate seats. On January 2007, UNO started short-listing its nominees after a large number of interested personalities wanted to join the opposition. The UNO changed its name on February 12, 2007 at the Club Filipino in San Juan, Metro Manila to "Grand and Broad Coalition" (GBC). On February 15, 2007 the group changed its named again to "Genuine Opposition" (GO) after a meeting with Senate President Manny Villar in his office in Las Piñas. GO became the opposition coalition with eight parties under its wing, including its predecessor, UNO. Though Senate President Manny Villar and Senate Majority Leader Francis Pangilinan are running under the Opposition, they remain independent candidates as in the 2001 election. On February 28, 2007, Genuine Opposition dropped Francis Pangilinan as its adopted candidate. After the elections, GO reverted to being the United Opposition, with Binay as head, but still maintaining the support of the other parties that comprised GO.
Slogan.
The first slogan is "PLAN Co REVOLT". P stands for Pimentel, L stands for Legarda, A stands for Alan and it is the first name of Cayetano, N stands for Noynoy and it is the nickname of Aquino, Co means Coseteng, R means Roco, E means Escudero, V means Villar, O means Osmena, L means Lacson, and T means Trillanes. The PLAN Co REVOLT (literally, "My plan is to revolt") means ""Revolt against corruption and poverty"". The second slogan is "Isang boto lang po laban sa nakaupo." (literally, "One vote against the incumbent.").
Election results.
8 out of 11 candidates won the possible 12 seats in the Senate namely: (in order of votes received)

</doc>
<doc id="9681043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681043" title="Siemens SXG75">
Siemens SXG75

The Siemens SXG75 is a candybar-type UMTS triband mobile phone.
This is the first UMTS phone developed by Siemens; previous models (the U10 and the U15) were developed by Motorola. This is also the company's last such device, since the SG75 was cancelled and newer models carried the BenQ-Siemens brand name.
Besides UMTS, it differs from its predecessors in other features:
The phone supports Internet access through GPRS and UMTS, but not EDGE.

</doc>
<doc id="9681054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681054" title="Kashtha Sangh">
Kashtha Sangh

Kashtha Sangha (काष्ठा संघ) was a Digambar Jain monastic order once dominant in several regions of North and Western India. It is considered to be a branch of Mula Sangh itself. It is said to have originated from a town named Kashtha. 
The origin of Kashtha Sangha is often attributed to Lohacharya in several texts and inscriptions from Delhi region. The Kashtasangh Gurvavali identifies Lohacharya as the last person who knew Acharanga in the Digambara tradition, who lived until the 683rd year of the nirvana of Lord Mahavira. the The Darshanasara of Devasena (VS 990) attributes the origin to Kumarasena in Vikram Samvat 753. 
Several of the Jain communities were affiliated with the Kashtha Sangha. The Agrawal Jains were the major supporters of Kashtha Sangha. They are said to have been initiated by Lohacharya in antiquity. Muni Sabha Singh writes in his Padma Purana (VS 1711)
काष्ठा संघी माथुर गच्छ, पहुकर गण में निरमल पछ|| <br>
महा निर्ग्रन्थ आचारज लोह, छांड्या सकल जाति का मोह||<br>
अग्रोहे निकट प्रभु ठाढे जोग, करैं वन्दना सब ही लोग||<br>
Kashta Sangha included several orders: 
Kashta Sangha eventually merged into Mula Sangh. The celebrated poet and pratishthacharya Raighu was a disciple of the Kashtha Sangh Bhattarakas of Gwalior. 
The rock carved Jain statues in the Gwalior Fort were mostly consecrated by the Kashtha Sangh Bhattarakas, as stated in the inscriptions dated between 1441 and 1474.

</doc>
<doc id="9681057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681057" title="The Blue Octavo Notebooks">
The Blue Octavo Notebooks

The Blue Octavo Notebooks (sometimes referred to as The Eight Octavo Notebooks) is a series of eight notebooks written by Franz Kafka from late 1917 until June 1919. The name was given to them by Max Brod, Kafka's literary executor, to differentiate them from the regular quarto-sized notebooks Kafka used as diaries. Along with the octavo notebooks, Brod also found a series of extracts copied out and numbered by Kafka. Brod named this brief selection "Reflections on Sin, Suffering, Hope, and the True Way" and included it in "The Great Wall of China".
Publication.
When Brod published Kafka's diaries in 1948 he decided to omit the octavo notebooks as he considered their contents more philosophical and literary than the regular diaries Kafka kept. The Octavo notebooks were later included in a volume of fragments and uncollected writings published in 1953, along with the numbered extracts. The notebooks first appeared in English in "Dearest Father. Stories and Other Writings" (Schocken Books, 1954). Some English printings removed the extracts from their original place in the notebooks to avoid repetition.
"The Blue Octavo Notebooks" were published in English in a single volume edition by Exact Change (1991, ISBN 1-878972-04-9). This edition includes the complete notebooks, the numbered extracts, and Max Brod's original notes.
Analysis.
Scholars have noted that from late 1917 until June 1919, Kafka stopped writing entries in his diaries, and instead wrote in these notebooks, the bulk of which were aphorisms. The notebooks contain fragments, but like much of Kafka's writings they allude to important themes among the human condition. The notebooks are recognized for expressing some of Kafka's interest in Judaic studies, though he continued to live a secular lifestyle. Kafka was reading Kierkegaard's "Fear and Trembling" during the time he wrote in these notebooks.

</doc>
<doc id="9681062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681062" title="Tunisian Cup">
Tunisian Cup

The Tunisian Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Tunisian football. It was created in 1922.
Winners before independence.
"no cup between 1928 and 1929"
"no cup between 1940 and 1941"
"no cup between 1943 and 1944"
"no cup between 1952 and 1953"

</doc>
<doc id="9681068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681068" title="Biagio (archbishop of Torres)">
Biagio (archbishop of Torres)

Biagio (or Blaise, Latin "Blasius") was the Archbishop of Torres from 1 December 1202 to his death late 1214 or early 1215.
He was originally from the diocese of Nevers. He went to Rome and became a subdeacon and then a papal notary before 1200. By the influence of Pope Innocent III, he was elected to the vacant see of Porto Torres in 1202. He was consecrated sometime before 7 March 1203. One of his first acts was to order the "giudici" to punish the murderers of the bishop of Ploaghe, the abbot of Tregu, and the vicar of Camaldoli.
On 10 March 1203, the pope put Comita III of Logudoro under the protection of Biagio and not of Pisa in light of the invasion of Logudoro by William I of Cagliari. On 22 March, with papal consent, he gave Christian burial to Comita's father, Constantine II, who had died excommunicate. In a letter dated that same day to Comita, William, and Hugh I of Arborea, the pope ordered the "giudici" to take an oath of allegiance to Biagio, thus breaking their link of fidelity to Pisa. Biagio had trouble extracting the oath from William, who had previously made it to Uberto, Archbishop of Pisa. On 15 September, Innocent absolved William of the oath.
In that year, Barisone II of Gallura died and left the succession to Gallura in the hands of the pope, who gave Biagio the responsibility of arranging a marriage for the Gallurese heiress Elena. In 1203, he tried to marry her to Ittocorre of Torres and in 1206 to Trasmondo, a relative of the pope's, but both of these arrangements fell through, and Elena married Lamberto di Eldizio without Biagio's approval, but with the support of the local clergy, who detested Logudorese supremacy.
In a letter of 3 July 1204, Innocent confirmed the apostolic legateship to Uberto of Pisa "only" while he was on the island. Then the three Sardinian archbishops — Biagio, Riccus of Cagliari, and Bernard of Arborea — excommunicated the "giudici" for trying to solve their problems in the saecular forum (i.e., through war).
Biagio maintained good relations with Comita. He offered to divorce Comita from his wife if he would abandon his mistress and he revoked the excommunication of Comita's relative, Ittocorre de Thoris, for murdering the bishop of Ampurias. Biagio did not have a good relationship with the other "giudici", however. He had to reprove Hugh of Arborea and the archbishop of Cagliari for the incestuous marriage of Hugh to a daughter of William of Cagliari (27 October 1207). On 3 September 1211, he accused William of violence against women and the usurpation of Arborea. However, Biagio's relationship with the papacy soon deteriorated and Innocent ordered him to confirm the marriage alliance between the houses of Bas (Arborea) and Massa (Cagliari). Nevertheless, in April 1213, Innocent gave the right to him and the archbishop of Cagliari of preaching the Fifth Crusade in Sardinia. Biagio died less than two years later, probably at Cagliari.

</doc>
<doc id="9681072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681072" title="Monica Rich Kosann">
Monica Rich Kosann

Monica Rich Kosann is a fine art black-and-white photographer, who is also the founder of the Monica Rich Kosann a, jewelry, home decor and accessory company. Her company produces several different collections: jewelry, image cases, frames and evening bags.
Photography.
Kosann is noted for her photography of children and family portraits. Her photography is featured in two books by Sister Carol Ann Nawracaj, "Treasures from Heaven, the Gift of Children" (1997), and "Thank Heaven For Little Girls " (2001). Kosann's portraits have been published in magazines such as "Parents" and "Child", and her work has been reviewed in "The New York Times" Home Section and "Town & Country". 
Jewelry design.
Kosann also specializes in ways to display photos. Kosann began designing photograph frames in 2002 by recycling antique compacts and cigarette cases. A cigarette case-shaped photograph holder designed by Kosann sells for up to $1450. Kathy Hilton gave photograph frames for her daughters Paris and Nicky for Christmas 2005. Kosann has designed image cases and jewelry for Madonna and Katie Holmes.
Each of her pieces is crafted from sterling silver, gold, calfskin leather or glass fired enamel. She launched her collection in 2003, and her pieces were inspired by vintage cigarette cases, powder compacts, lockets and daguerreotype cases that she collected from flea markets and antique shopping.
This collection has been featured editorially in numerous publications including W Jewelry, Departures, Newsweek, In Style, Town & Country (magazine), People (magazine), In Touch, the "Robb Report", ELLE, and LA Confidential. Monica and her work has been featured on CNBC, Martha Stewart, "E! News" and "Entertainment Tonight".
Monica was awarded the Rising Star Award for fine jewelry by Fashion Group International in January, 2010.
Personal life.
Monica Rich Kosann was born in New York City. Kosann began studying photography at the age of 16 during a summer at the International Summer Academy of Fine Arts, in Salzburg, Austria. She then attended the International Center of Photography in New York, Rhode Island School of Design, École des Arts at the Sorbonne in Paris. She received a bachelor's degree from Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Kosann is married to husband Rod, and they have two daughters. Kosann befriended Nawracaj in 1995, when she went to the Villa Maria Education Center in Stamford, Connecticut to take pictures of students for "Family Circle" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9681084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681084" title="Camaldoli">
Camaldoli

Camaldoli is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Poppi, in Tuscany, Italy. It is mostly known as the ancestral seat of the Camaldolese monastic order, originated in the eponymous hermitage, which can still be visited. 
Overview.
The Holy Hermitage and Monastery of Camaldoli is situated in an ancient forest in the Tuscan Apennines. It was founded about 1012 by Saint Romuald, a Benedictine monk, with the permission of Tedald, Bishop of Arezzo.
In the monastery of Camaldoli there is a welcoming room, a great hall, and an old style pharmacy. The pharmacy was originally a laboratory where monks studied and worked with medicinal herbs. These medicines would be used in the old hospital which can still be visited today. The precious walnut decor dates back to 1543. The church, meanwhile, was constructed in the Baroque style and contains works by Giorgio Vasari. It was established to deal with the ever-growing number of pilgrims - drawn by good reports of the monks, and for reflection in the middle of the forest. 
A few kilometers farther up the mountain is the "Sacred Hermitage," or "Sacro Eremo" which is the more ancient part of the foundation. It was personally established by St. Romuald and has served as the heart of both the community and the order, which bears the location's name.
References.
Further reading on the medieval development see Daniel R. Curtis, 'Florence and its hinterlands in the late Middle Ages: contrasting fortunes in the Tuscan countryside, 1300-1500', Journal of Medieval History, 38.4 (2012), 472-99 - http://www.academia.edu/1932557/Florence_and_its_hinterlands_in_the_late_Middle_Ages_contrasting_fortunes_in_the_Tuscan_countryside_1300-1500

</doc>
<doc id="9681089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681089" title="Hastings Memorial Arena">
Hastings Memorial Arena

The Hastings Memorial Arena is a multipurpose arena located in Hastings, Ontario. It is home to a team in the Ontario Minor Hockey Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9681090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681090" title="Universidad José Cecilio del Valle">
Universidad José Cecilio del Valle

The Universidad José Cecilio del Valle UJCV is the pioneer of the private higher education institutions in Honduras. Founded in 1978 by the initiative of the Asociación Hondureña para el Fomento de la Educación Superior AHFES. It offers careers of Associate Degrees as well as 4 to 5 year Bachelor Degrees in different areas of the human knowledge.
Mission.
To form innovative professionals capable of submitting themselves in a continuous learning process.
Careers.
The Universidad José Cecilio del Valle actually offers 19 careers at a BS level, and associate level.
Bachelor degrees.
Law,
Interior Design,
Journalism,
Civil Engineering,
Architecture,
Construction Engineering,
Industrial Engineering, 
Agriculture Engineering,
Computer Systems Engineering,
Industrial Business Administration,
Tourism Business Administration,
Agriculture Business Administration.
Associate degrees.
Construction Technician,
Graphical Design Technician, 
Interior Design Technician,
Journalism Technician,
Electronic Data Processing Technician,
Business Administration Technician,
Tourism Technician.

</doc>
<doc id="9681112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681112" title="James Kee">
James Kee

James Kee (April 15, 1917 – March 11, 1989) was a U.S. Democratic politician.
He was born in Bluefield, West Virginia. He was the son of John Kee, a U.S. Representative from West Virginia who served from 1933 until his death in 1951, and Elizabeth Kee, who succeeded her husband in Congress and served from 1951 until 1965. James Kee served as his mother's administrative assistant from 1953 to 1965. When his mother decided not to run for re-election in 1964, he decided to seek his mother's seat in the United States House of Representatives. He was elected as a Democrat to four terms in the United States House of Representatives serving the Fifth Congressional District of West Virginia in the 89th through the 92nd U.S. Congress from January 3, 1965 to January 3, 1973. 
After West Virginia lost a seat in the House of Representatives as a result of the 1970 U.S. Census, Kee's 5th District was merged with the Huntington-based 4th District, represented by fellow Democrat Ken Hechler. The state legislature intended to force Hechler, a firm opponent of the Democratic Party machine, out of office; indeed, the new district contained 65% of Kee's former territory even though it retained Hechler's district number. However, Hechler made the most of his strong union ties and routed Kee in the primary. 
Kee was a resident of Fayetteville, West Virginia until his death in Montgomery, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9681118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681118" title="Wang Zhen (disambiguation)">
Wang Zhen (disambiguation)

Wang Zhen (1908–1993) was one of the Eight Immortals of the Communist Party of China.
Wang Zhen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9681163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681163" title="Bar Harbor Airlines Flight 1808">
Bar Harbor Airlines Flight 1808

Bar Harbor Airlines Flight 1808 was a scheduled flight from Logan International Airport to Bangor International Airport in the United States on August 25, 1985. On final approach to Auburn/Lewiston Municipal Airport, the Bar Harbor Airlines Beechcraft Model 99 crashed short of the runway, killing all six passengers and two crew on board. Among the passengers was Samantha Smith, a thirteen-year-old American school girl who had become famous as a "Goodwill Ambassador" to the Soviet Union and who had been cast on the television show "Lime Street".
Timeline.
Flight 1808 normally stopped en route at Augusta and Waterville, Maine. The flight crew flew the aircraft from Bangor to Boston and back earlier that afternoon in worsening weather. On the second trip, they were advised at an en route stop in Augusta that because of air traffic control delays in Boston, their return flight 1788 via Auburn/Lewiston, Maine, was being cancelled. They would instead operate the later flight 1808 with Auburn added as a flag stop to accommodate passengers from flight 1788.
Flight 1808 boarded in Boston with 6 passengers; 2 for Auburn, 3 for Augusta* and 1 for Waterville. [*Four passengers had actually checked in for Augusta, but the fourth passenger did not respond to boarding calls, so the flight left without him.] At 9:17 p.m. EDT, the Captain radioed for their clearance to Auburn. The controller, unaware of the change in routing, advised they were filed to Augusta. The captain accepted the routing, but advised they would amend their routing after passing Pease VOR, near Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to Auburn. They departed the ramp at 9:26 p.m. and were cleared for takeoff from runway 4L at 9:30 pm. 
At 10:00 p.m., they radioed the station agent at Auburn/Lewiston Municipal Airport for the latest weather. The agent reported a 300' obscured, indefinite ceiling, visibility of 1 mile in light drizzle, wind 020° (North Northeast) at 4 knots, altimeter 30.24 InHg. Shortly after this, the crew was advised by a controller in Portland that they were drifting east of the ILS approach course to runway 4 at Auburn. He advised them to turn to heading 340 to intercept. The Captain responded "OK". Almost a minute later, the controller advised them they were passing the Lewie NDB beacon at the outer marker for the approach and asked if they were receiving it. The first officer responded "affirmative". The controller then cleared them to switch to the airport's frequency, which was acknowledged by the first officer. This was the last transmission received from the flight. Portland controllers were notified less than 10 minutes later that the plane had crashed at 10:05 pm.
Investigation.
In the aftermath of the accident, investigators were hindered by the absence of cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder information. The Beech 99 was not a large enough plane for the FAA to require their installation. There was also no record of which pilot was to have flown the aircraft. Both pilots had used the radio during the flight instead of the non-flying pilot. Examination of radar data from Portland showed that after the plane turned to course 340 to intercept the approach, it flew through the approach and had to correct to get back on course. Investigators noted that this instruction meant the flight crew had to make a 60-degree turn less than one mile from the approach outer marker. Altitude data transmitted by the aircraft transponder showed the plane did not begin its descent along the precision glide slope until it was above it after passing Lewiston. This may have caused the flight crew to rush both the descent and the approach. The Captain's altimeter recovered from the wreckage was set to , a number transposition from the correct setting . With this setting, it would have read approximately higher than the plane actually was, and close to the 200 feet above ground level minimum descent for the approach. The first officer's altimeter was also set incorrectly at , causing it to read low. The aircraft flew into trees less than one mile from the end of runway 4 and impacted the ground less than to the right of the extended runway center line. There were no survivors.
In publishing its report, the National Transportation Safety Board noted that the controller in Portland used "poor judgment" assisting the flight. However, it concluded that the Captain accepted the large course correction and the crew continued flying an unstabilized approach instead of executing a missed approach. As well, the flight crew attempted to stabilize the approach while allowing the plane to fly below the instrument glide slope. The incorrect altimeter settings may have caused this descent to continue below the published decision height. At night in low visibility, the crew may have been unaware of their true position. The NTSB recommended a review of controller procedures for outlying airports without ground radar. The 60-degree turn less than one mile from the outer marker would violate approach guidelines for radar-assisted arrivals to Portland International Jetport for example. It further recommended aircraft for hire capable of carrying six or more passengers be equipped with flight recorders.
Passengers.
This accident attracted unusual media attention for a small commuter plane accident. Two of the three passengers headed for Augusta were Samantha Smith and her father, Arthur. Three years earlier, she had written to Soviet Premier Yuri Andropov regarding her desire for peace between the United States and the Soviet Union. At Andropov's invitation, she and her family toured the Soviet Union. In 1985, ABC hired her to be an actress on its new show "Lime Street" which was filmed on location in London. She and her father were headed home during a break from shooting when the fatal accident occurred.
Jane Smith, Samantha's mother, filed a wrongful death suit against Bar Harbor Airlines. The case was later settled out of court for an undisclosed sum.

</doc>
<doc id="9681180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681180" title="Plug Power">
Plug Power

Plug Power designs and manufactures fuel cell systems that replace conventional batteries in equipment powered by electricity. Indoor forklifts were their first viable market with customers such as BMW, WalMart, Mercedes, Kroeger, and Whole Foods. The Plug Power GenDrive system integrates fuel cells manufactured by Ballard Power and incorporates a hydrogen storage system that allows the system to "recharge" in a matter of minutes as opposed to a matter of hours for conventional batteries. The GenDrive unit powers the forklift and occupies the same space that was designed for a conventional battery. Plug Power does not manufacture forklifts, just systems that provide the power in a more efficient and environmentally friendly way than standard batteries.
History.
Plug Power was founded as a joint venture between DTE Energy and Mechanical Technology Inc. in 1997.
Criticism.
In 2004, Plug reached a $5 million cash settlement in the shareholders' class action lawsuit commenced against Plug Power in August 2000, for inflating the stock price by issuing material misrepresentations.

</doc>
<doc id="9681190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681190" title="Cool Calm Pete">
Cool Calm Pete

Cool Calm Pete is a Korean American rapper and producer with a sometimes hypnotically slow, lazy-sounding rapping style. Pete was born in Seoul, Korea and raised in Queens, New York. Pete is one of the three members of the hip-hop group Babbletron. Cool Calm Pete's debut solo album "Lost" was released in the United States on Embedded Music, and released in Europe on Definitive Jux. He has since released a 9 track EP entitled "Loosies," featuring several remixes of his older work. Cool Calm Pete has been profiled in major publications such as Urb, and XXL. Cool Calm Pete is known to be an avid New York Mets fan. He can almost always be seen wearing a New York Mets fitted cap. Cool Calm Pete attended Cooper Union and received his BFA in fine art.

</doc>
<doc id="9681193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681193" title="Kingsley Association (Pittsburgh, PA)">
Kingsley Association (Pittsburgh, PA)

The Kingsley Association, organized in 1893, began as a single settlement house located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, named the Kingsley House. It has since relocated its settlement house to East Liberty (Pittsburgh) where it continues to operate today. It has also expanded to operate the Lillian Taylor Camp, an open air farm in Valencia, Pennsylvania and the Morgan Memorial House in the Hill District of Pittsburgh. The Kingsley Association seeks to create new and innovative, neighborhood-based programs in accordance with the changing needs of residents, with particular attention to young people.
Founding.
The Kingsley Association was formed by the Reverend Dr. George Hodges (theologian) from Cambridge, Massachusetts as a Pittsburgh settlement house. According to an article written in 1894, Dr. Hodges had come to Pittsburgh under the auspices of the Church club. In Cambridge he had served as the Dean of the Episcopal Divinity School [http://www.eds.edu/]. He named the house in honor of Charles Kingsley, a very popular English Christian Socialist and author. After analyzing the titles of Hodges' books, it is obvious that his admiration for Kingsley was because of his status as a religious writer, not as a Socialist.
Purpose.
The purpose for the creation of the Kingsley House was not much different from that of any other settlement house. Hodges had simply repeated what Jane Addams had done with Hull House in Chicago and what many other settlement houses across the nation had done to benefit the communities they were located in. The real purpose of the Kingsley House and these other settlement houses was to provide social and educational opportunities for working class families that otherwise would not be able to afford it. Hodges, himself, described the Kingsley House as existing “for the purpose of being a friend to everybody in the neighborhood who needs a friend.” He was referring to the Kingsley House existing just as a friend does, as a source of enjoyment and support in times of need. One example was the kindergarten, where young children whose families could probably not afford formal schooling could find a good education for their children. The school also served as a place for children to meet and socialize with other children of the same age.
The purpose of what had become the Kingsley Association was flowing and ever-changing. When the Lillian Taylor Camp [http://www.kingsleyassociation.org/lillian_taylor_camp.html] was created the purpose was to allow inner city children and mothers to spend time away from the congested and noisy city out in the quiet and serene countryside. It was also used as a summer camp to act as an extension of the Kingsley House while also getting children away from the city and to experience something other than what they had been used to all of their lives. Another change came with the influx of African Americans in the late 1910s and the creation of the Morgan Memorial House to accommodate this. While the guests of the Kingsley House had come from industrial backgrounds, many of the guests of Morgan Memorial House were experiencing for the first time the life and ways of a city. Thus, the Morgan Memorial House tended to concentrate its classes and activities more along the lines of adapting these children to city life. Lifting and education were more emphasized compared to the other parts of the Kingsley Association. The purpose of the Kingsley Association cannot be restrained to one definition and as it has increased in size and Pittsburgh's demographics have changed so too has the Association's purpose and contributions to the community.
Membership.
At first the Kingsley Association was located at 1707 Penn Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA. It was close to several large iron and steel mills. It catered to a very diverse population. The surrounding area consisted mostly of factory workers that was predominantly Irish American, but in time came to include German, Russian, and Austrian Poles. A little farther were large settlements of Jewish and German immigrants with people of English and Scots-Irish descent present as well. A major shift from these ethnic groups occurred in 1919. The businesses in major cities had been experiencing a labor shortage because of World War I and they looked to African Americans to fill the gap. Most of the African-American population that moved into Pittsburgh settled in the Hill District. Another settlement house, the Morgan Memorial House, was created by the Kingsley Association to account for this surge in the population, after which the membership of the Association as a whole became a large percentage African-American.
Within weeks of the opening of Kingsley House, there were five boys clubs and four girls clubs, ranging from American history to fairy tales. The sewing class had an average attendance of thirty girls beginning in January. Other clubs included the “Kingsley House Literary Society,” a “City Government Club,” and a “Reading Club.” A kindergarten was opened for young children in the area from 9AM to 12AM, Monday through Friday. Most other clubs met only once or twice a week. By 1903, over 70 girls were attending the sewing class, prompting the beginning of two other classes in sewing and embroidery. As the years passed the membership continued to increase. By 1924, total attendance was 81,375 and by 1933 it was 167,707. However, the interest didn’t stop there; membership peaked at almost 200,000 in 1940.
To create interest in the neighborhood, the Kingsley Association at first relied on word of mouth, but to increase their membership even further they soon moved to several media outlets, including radio, newspapers, magazines, and brochures. One such brochure from the early 20th century went:
“How would you spend four hours every evening, every week with no money? Read, study, listen to the radio? Well the radio might have one tube or none at all, and there might be so many noisy younger children in the few rooms you called “home” that you couldn’t hear you own thoughts… “What would I do?” Frank teenage Kingsley House member answers the question which a companion had asked of Kingsley House. “You mean if Kingsley House weren’t here to go to? Just what I did - till I got interested in club and basketball - hang around pool-rooms or ‘sneak a movie,’ or worse stuff than that.””
As Pittsburgh modernized so too did the Kingsley Association. The activities offered by the Association were changed to accommodate the times, some of these new programs included Meet-the-Athlete, SAT Prep, Explorers, and Study Skills.
Andrew Carnegie.
Interestingly enough, Andrew Carnegie also had a vested interest. The Kingsley Association became one of the many charities he contributed to after retiring from the steel business. On the 15th of January, 1913, in a letter to the Kingsley Association, the steel magnate wrote, “Dear Friend, I find I have contributed in the naborhood of $20,000 to Kingsley House and am now paying $3,000 a year. I do not wish to increase this amount of $50,000 I have promist for I feel I have done my part and that liberally….Please consider this and do not press me further and oblige. Very Truly Yours, Andrew Carnegie.”
Locations through History.
First located on Penn Avenue, in 1901 house operations were transferred to a mansion purchased by industrialist Henry Clay Frick. It was located in the Lower Hill District at Fulton and Bedford Streets. A fresh air farm, known as Lillian Home, was opened in 1903 on land bought by industrialist Charles L. Taylor. The farm remains in operation today. A rapid growth of the African American population in 1919 led to the opening of the Morgan Memorial House in the Hill District. That same year, the University of Pittsburgh conducted a survey of the area surrounding the Kingsley Association and recommended that it relocate its settlement house to East Liberty (Pittsburgh) where it continues to operate today.
External sources.
Finding Aid to the Kingsley Association Records at the Archives Service Center, University of Pittsburgh
Photographs from the Kingsley Association Collection
All the information not cited has been obtained with permission from the University of Pittsburgh Archives Service Center located at:
7500 Thomas Boulevard 
Pittsburgh, PA 15208 
Archives Service Center home page

</doc>
<doc id="9681215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681215" title="Camiguin Airport">
Camiguin Airport

Camiguin Airport (Filipino: "Paliparan ng Camiguin", Cebuano: "Tugpahanan sa Camiguin") is an airport serving the general area of Mambajao, located in the province of Camiguin in the Philippines. It is the only airport in the province of Camiguin. The airport is classified as a Class 2 principal (minor domestic) airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.

</doc>
<doc id="9681225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681225" title="Warrant of committal">
Warrant of committal

Warrant of Committal is a legal term used by the law systems of Canada and the United Kingdom, which allows a magistrate or judge to enforce a judgment or order against a person or corporation that has refused or neglected to comply with a known court judgment or order within a known fixed period of time.
Eligibility and Enforcement.
The person (or director of a corporation) subject to the warrant of committal must have been served in a timely fashion with a copy of the order to do (or abstain from doing) the act in question. If the person served with the order fails to obey it, the judgment creditor may issue either a claim form or application notice seeking committal (for contempt of court) for the offender. 
The claim form or application notice must identify the breach of injunction which has taken place, and be supported by an affidavit (served with it) stating the grounds for the committal application.
A warrant of committal may not be enforced more than two years after the date it was issued, without further order from the court. The court may dispense with service of the judgment, order, claim form or application notice if it deems it fair to do so. If the committal order has been made in the absence of the respondent, without being served on him, the judge may fix a date and time when the person to be committed is to be brought before him or the court.
Trend in Canada.
Federal Warrant of Committal admissions in Canada have increased about 25% between 1989/90 and 1993/94, with approximately 1,000 offenders per year.

</doc>
<doc id="9681259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681259" title="Xanthorrhoea australis">
Xanthorrhoea australis

Xanthorrhoea australis, the Grass-tree or Black Boy is an Australian plant. It is the most commonly seen species of the genus "Xanthorrhoea" . Its fire-blackened trunk can grow up to several metres tall and is often branched. In certain Aboriginal languages, it is called 'Bukkup' or 'Kawee'.
In Xanthorrhoeas, the main way to identify them is by looking at the cross-section of the leaves. In the case of the "X. australis", the cross-section is a rough diamond shape, and the colour of the leaves is a bluish-green.
"X. australis" is not often seen in bloom because this species requires fire to stimulate its reproductive cycle. However, if it does flower, a flowering spike grows out of the top of the plant. Flowers appear on the spike, usually covering – of the stem. The flowers of this particular species have 6 petals.
The crown of leaves of "X. australis" will be almost spherical in shape, the point of each leaf perfectly marking the shape of the imagined sphere.
"X. australis" has leaves which are softer and generally less rigid than other Xanthorrhoeas. Old leaves hang down forming a distinctive skirt-like feature that partly covers the fire-blackened trunk. "X. australis" flowers from July to December, but younger plants may flower in June. This species can also be found in South Australia, New South Wales and Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="9681270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681270" title="Cup of Zimbabwe">
Cup of Zimbabwe

The Cup of Zimbabwe (most recently known as the CBZ FA Cup due to sponsorship) is the top knockout tournament of the Zimbabwean football. It was created in 1962 as the Cup of Southern Rhodesia and was known between 1965 and 1980 as the Cup of Rhodesia. Due to sponsorship, the competition has undergone a number of name changes: from its creation in 1962 until 1998, the cup was known as the Castle Cup, after its sponsor, the Johannesburg-based Castle Lager. Castle also sponsored the Northern Rhodesian (Zambian from 1964) equivalent of the competition, which led to the creation of the "Super Castle Cup", played between 1962 and 1965 between the winners of the Southern Rhodesia Castle Cup and its Northern Rhodesian (from 1962 to 1964) or Zambian (in 1965) equivalent. After the cessation of Castle sponsorship, the competition was abandoned for two seasons before being brought back in 2001 as the ZIFA Unity Cup. It retained this name until 2006, when it was known as the CBZ Cup. This name was extended to CBZ FA Cup in 2007. The cup was not played in 2009 or 2010.
A new competition, the Mbada Diamonds Cup, was launched in 2011, with the 16 teams from the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League participating. The winner will qualify for the CAF Confederation Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9681284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681284" title="Wang Zhen (eunuch)">
Wang Zhen (eunuch)

Wáng Zhèn (王振) was the first Ming Dynasty eunuch with power in the court. The Zhihua Si Temple in Beijing was built in 1443 at his order.
He was killed (possibly by Ming officers) during the Tumu Crisis (also known as the Battle of Tumu Fortress), a disastrous campaign against the Oirat Mongols for which he was responsible. 

</doc>
<doc id="9681288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681288" title="Walker House (Lancaster, Kentucky)">
Walker House (Lancaster, Kentucky)

The Walker House is a U.S. historic house in Lancaster, Kentucky. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9681308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681308" title="Gerald B. Greenberg">
Gerald B. Greenberg

Gerald B. Greenberg (born July 29, 1936), often credited as Jerry Greenberg, is an American film editor who received both the Academy Award for Film Editing and the BAFTA Award for Best Editing for the film "The French Connection" (1971).
He received Oscar and BAFTA nominations for "Kramer vs. Kramer" (1979) and "Apocalypse Now" (1979). He was editor and an associate producer on the 1973 film "The Seven-Ups". He worked on the 2006 film "Invincible", starring Mark Wahlberg and Greg Kinnear. He has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors.

</doc>
<doc id="9681316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681316" title="Franz Kafka's Diaries">
Franz Kafka's Diaries

Franz Kafka's Diaries, written in German language between 1910-1923, include casual observations, details of daily life, reflections on philosophical ideas, accounts of dreams, and ideas for stories. Kafka’s diaries offer a detailed view of the writer's thoughts and feelings, as well as some of his most famous and quotable statements.
Kafka began keeping the diaries at the age of 27, as an attempt to provoke his stalled creativity, and kept writing in them until 1923, a year before his death. These diaries were in the background all through the composition of Kafka's major works and many of them are discussed and analyzed in detail. 
The diaries offer an image of a profoundly depressed man, isolated from friends and family, involved in a series of failed relationships, and constantly sick. While this is certainly part of Kafka's character it is typical for a private journal, not meant for publication, to express more of the writer's anxieties and worries. The humor and light-heartedness sometimes expressed in Kafka's fiction, as well as the generally positive image arising from recollections by friends and acquaintances, are missing from the diaries.

</doc>
<doc id="9681328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681328" title="The Essential Collection (Tammi Terrell)">
The Essential Collection (Tammi Terrell)

The Essential Collection is a compilation album for Motown soul singer Tammi Terrell, released by Universal Music Group's Spectrum Music in the United Kingdom in 2001. The compilation includes Terrell's only solo album, "Irresistible" in its entirety, several B-sides and unreleased tracks, and Terrell's most famous duet recording with singing partner Marvin Gaye, "Ain't No Mountain High Enough.

</doc>
<doc id="9681332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681332" title="Kimberton Fire Company">
Kimberton Fire Company

Kimberton Fire Company is a volunteer fire company located in East Pikeland Township in Chester County, Pennsylvania. It provides fire protection services to Charlestown, East Pikeland, East Vincent, West Pikeland, West Vincent and Schuylkill townships.
History.
The Kimberton Fire Company was incorporated in May 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="9681344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681344" title="Appeal for Redress">
Appeal for Redress

Appeal For Redress is a group of United States military personnel opposed to the Iraq War.
The group is sponsored by Iraq Veterans Against the War (IVAW), Military Families Speak Out, and Veterans for Peace (VFP).
The group solicits members of the U.S. military to communicate the following message to the U.S. Congress:
On February 23, 2007, the group was featured on the CBS Evening News with Katie Couric. It was later featured on 60 Minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="9681395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681395" title="Discrete nanoscale transport">
Discrete nanoscale transport

Discrete Nanoscale Transport refers to a class of transport phenomena inside cells. The word “nanoscale” refers to the nano-morphological features of the discrete entities being transported and their relevant interactions, whose length scale is from a few to several hundreds nanometers. This distinguishes nanoscale transport from transport of molecular-scale entities such as ions, solutes, metabolites, lipids, proteins, etc.
Transport of nanoscale entities is determined not only by thermal mobility, but also by their interactions with cellular structures (e.g. cytoskeletal filaments), with molecular-scale entities (e.g. motor proteins, signaling molecules), and with other nanoscale entities. In most cases, due to the discrete nature of the transport events and their strong dependence on the local structural and architectural properties of the media, it cannot be described by continuum approaches that are routinely used to describe macroscale transport.

</doc>
<doc id="9681397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681397" title="Hurricane Florence (1988)">
Hurricane Florence (1988)

Hurricane Florence was the third of four named tropical cyclones to make landfall on the United States during the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season. The seventh tropical storm and second hurricane of the season, Florence developed on September 7 from an area of convection associated with a dissipating frontal trough in the southern Gulf of Mexico. After initially moving eastward, the storm turned northward and strengthened. Florence reached hurricane status and later peak winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) on September 9 shortly before striking southeastern Louisiana. The storm rapidly weakened over land and dissipated on September 11 over northeastern Texas.
Early in its duration, the storm dropped rainfall across the Yucatán Peninsula. Upon striking Louisiana, Florence produced a moderate storm surge, causing severe beach erosion in some locations. Gusty winds were also reported, causing power outages to over 100,000 people. In Alabama, one man died while trying to secure his boat. Rainfall from the hurricane caused severe river flooding in portions of the Florida Panhandle in an area already severely affected by heavy rainfall; the flooding damaged or destroyed dozens of houses in Santa Rosa County. Throughout its path, damage totaled about $2.9 million (1988 USD, $5.3 million 2008 USD).
Meteorological history.
On September 4, a cold front exited the coast of Texas into the Gulf of Mexico. A convective band from the front continued southeastward and stalled between Veracruz, Mexico and Tampa, Florida. The band began to split into two on September 6; the northeastern portion developed into a frontal wave and tracked northeastward, while the southwestern portion remained nearly stationary and began showing signs of tropical organization. Located in an area of generally low pressures, the system developed a spiral band structure, though deep convection was mostly intermittent. Subsequent to the formation of a surface circulation, the system developed into a tropical depression while located about 450 miles (725 km) northwest of Mérida, Yucatán.
The depression drifted eastward under the influence of the dissipating frontal trough, and intensified into Tropical Storm Florence to the north of the Yucatán Peninsula, as confirmed by Hurricane Hunters. Initially, the center was located to the north of the deep convection, with only one weak rainband to the north of the circulation. However, subsequent to a drop in vertical wind shear, an increase in moisture, and increase in upper-level outflow, deep convection greatly increased and organized over the circulation early on September 9. As the trough dissipated and a ridge built northwestward behind it, steering currents became weak, leaving Florence temporarily stationary. Later on September 9, the influence of a mid- to upper-level trough to its north caused Florence to accelerate northward. Steadily intensifying, Florence attained hurricane status about 100 miles (165 km) south of the mouth of the Mississippi River. The hurricane intensified slightly further, and struck the western Mississippi River Delta with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) at 0200 UTC on September 10. Upon making landfall, dry air became entrained in the circulation, and Florence rapidly weakened over southeastern Louisiana. By the time it passed over New Orleans and Lake Ponchartrain most convection had dissipated, and about ten hours after making landfall Florence degenerated into a tropical depression. The system subsequently crossed over southwestern Mississippi as it turned northwestward, and later entered northern Louisiana before dissipating over northeastern Texas on September 11. The mid-level circulation turned northeastward through the central United States before dissipating over Ohio on September 13.
Preparations.
On September 9, about 16 hours before Florence made landfall, the National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane watch from Port Arthur, Texas to Pensacola, Florida. Three hours later, the watch was upgraded to a hurricane warning from Pensacola to Cameron, Louisiana, with a tropical storm warning issued from Pensacola eastward to Apalachicola, Florida. Around the time of Florence moving ashore, the National Hurricane Center limited the hurricane warning from Pensacola, Florida to Morgan City, Louisiana. Hours after the hurricane made landfall, the warning was replaced by a tropical storm warning from Mobile, Alabama to Grand Isle, Louisiana, which was discontinued two hours later.
Prior to the arrival of the hurricane, an estimated 20,000 people evacuated the coastal parishes of southeastern Louisiana, including nearly all of the 2,000 residents on Grand Isle. Small-scale evacuations were issued for residents living in low-lying or coastal areas of Mississippi and Alabama. Offshore, the threat of the hurricane prompted oil companies to evacuate employees on oil rigs to the mainland.
The threat of the hurricane caused Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis to cancel a rally and two fund-raising events in New Orleans. Governor Buddy Roemer issued for the Louisiana National Guard to be on standby for emergency duty. Officials closed several bridges across southeastern Louisiana and also canceled ferry travel across Lake Ponchartrain. In Pensacola, Florida, the Navy base moved the USS Lexington into the Gulf of Mexico during the hurricane, and also sent more than 100 aircraft to a base in Ohio.
Impact.
The primary rainband extending southward from the circulation of Florence dropped moderate rainfall across the Yucatán Peninsula and through southern Mexico. Rainfall amounts peaked at 10.79 inches (274 mm) in San Baltazar Loxicha, Guerrero, with 10.67 inches (271 mm) reported in southeastern Chiapas and 9.74 inches (247 mm) near Merida. Damage, if any, is unknown.
Upon making landfall on Louisiana, Hurricane Florence produced higher than normal tides, including a peak observation of 7.5 feet (2.3 m) above mean sea level on the Bayou Benvenue to the east of New Orleans. Rainfall was relatively light, ranging from about 1 inch (25 mm) to a maximum of 4.05 inches (103 mm) at Watson. Winds of tropical storm force occurred across southeastern Louisiana, with wind gusts peaking at 64 mph (103 km/h) at an automatic Coast Guard Station on the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi River Delta. An unofficial tornado was reported in Tangipahoa Parish. Minor storm surge flooding occurred outside of the levee system of southern Louisiana in Plaquemines, Saint Bernard, and Saint Tammany Parishes. On Grand Isle, strong wave action resulted in significant beach erosion, with most areas on the island losing about 40 feet (12.2 m) of beach. The storm surge also flooded a portion of Louisiana Highway 300 near Delacroix. The passage of the hurricane broke a levee in Delacroix; it was quickly repaired with flooding from the levee being pumped to the gulf. Light to moderate damage was reported across the southeastern portion of the state, primarily from falling trees. The winds also downed numerous power lines, leaving about 150,000 people without power for some period of time during the storm. The power outages were short-lived, with about 6,900 left without power by the day after the hurricane. Damage in the state was fairly minor, totaling about $2.5 million (1988 USD, $4.4 million 2007 USD).
Rainfall from Florence reached over 7 inches (178 mm) at one location in southeastern Mississippi, while a station 3 miles (4.8 km) south-southeast of Brewton, Alabama reported a storm-wide peak rainfall total of 10.67 inches (271 mm). Despite the rainfall, no damage was reported in Alabama or Mississippi. In Mobile Bay in Alabama, one man died while attempting to secure his boat — the only direct fatality related to the hurricane.
Heavy rainfall was reported along the Florida Panhandle, peaking at over 10 inches (254 mm) in the extreme northwestern portion of the state. The rainfall caused the worst flooding in ten years, and resulted in additional flooding to the already swollen Coldwater Creek and Blackwater River in Santa Rosa County. Near the river, 30 homes were destroyed with an additional 50 houses damaged, totaling about $320,000 (1988 USD, $560,000 2007 USD) in damage. Several roads were closed from the flooding, as well. The strong convective band associated with Florence extended across the Florida Panhandle, spawning nine tornadoes in Walton County and one waterspout in Bay County. Damage from the tornadoes amounted to about $100,000 (1988 USD, $175,000 2007 USD).
The remnant circulation of Florence produced light to moderate rainfall across the Ohio Valley and central United States. Precipitation reached over 3 inches (75 mm) in extreme southeastern Missouri, southern Illinois, and central Ohio, and extended as far northward as Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="9681437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681437" title="Senegal FA Cup">
Senegal FA Cup

The Senegal FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Senegalese football. It was created in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="9681464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681464" title="Gertrude Nelson">
Gertrude Nelson

Gertrude DeWitt Nelson (December 26, 1898 - November 29, 2001) was an African-American military, civilian, and American Red Cross nurse from Louisiana whose career spanned much of the 20th century. She was born at the end of the 19th century and died at the start of the 21st century.
Biography.
Nelson was born in Colfax, the seat of Grant Parish, which is named for Schuyler M. Colfax, the vice president under U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant. She received her early education from the J. B. LaFarge School in Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish, in central Louisiana. On June 20, 1929, she earned a Bachelor of Science in nursing from the Tuskegee Institute in Tuskegee, Alabama, an historically black college, which included George Washington Carver and Booker T. Washington on the faculty and in the administration. After her Tuskegee years, Nelson taught at Bishop College in Marshall, the seat of Harrison County, Texas. She was also the dean of women at Bishop, another historically black institution which opened its doors in 1881 and closed permanently in 1988 after relocation to Dallas, Texas.
Thereafter, Nelson worked as a nurse at a hospital on Rikers Island in New York City, where one of her patients for a time was Mary Mallon, or "Typhoid Mary". She was later recruited by the Red Cross for duty with the U.S. Army Nurse Corps during World War II. She achieved the rank of major before she retired from the Army and returned to her home area in Pineville, across the Red River from the larger city of Alexandria. She was a nurse for the Cenla Louisiana Community Action Committee, the Alexandria-Pineville "anti-poverty" program established by Great Society legislation. She worked in area hospitals, nursing homes and did volunteer work for many years.
On December 27, 1998, then Mayor Fred H. Baden issued a proclamation declaring "Gertrude Nelson Day" in Pineville. It was one day after her hundredth birthday.
Nelson died in the Veterans Affairs Medical Nursing Home in Pineville, aged 102 years and eleven months. She was survived by two adopted children, Gerald Williams of Atlanta, Georgia, and Linda Nelson of the Taylor Hill community in Rapides Parish.
Services were held in Nelson's home church, the Union Baptist Church in Colfax. Interment was in Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Pineville with full military honors through the Alexandria/Pineville Veterans Honor Guard. She often attended the Good Hope Baptist Church in Pineville.
The family requested memorials to the Alzheimer's Association, P.O. Box 2471, Monroe, Louisiana 71207.

</doc>
<doc id="9681473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681473" title="Liquid Acrobat as Regards the Air">
Liquid Acrobat as Regards the Air

Liquid Acrobat as Regards the Air is the ninth album by the Incredible String Band. It features Mike Heron, Robin Williamson, Licorice McKechnie and Malcolm Le Maistre. The album was the band's first almost entirely electric recording; a new feature that was to define the change in the band's sound throughout their final period through 1974. The album did well on the charts, and was the most financially successful of the band's output.

</doc>
<doc id="9681516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681516" title="Chuck Dickerson">
Chuck Dickerson

Chuck "The Coach" Dickerson is a former position coach in the National Football League and Canadian Football League and sports radio host in Buffalo, New York. Currently, he is a regular featured commentator during the Buffalo Bills season.
Dickerson earned All-American honors during his high school and college career as a defensive tackle for the University of Illinois. He is married and has an adult child and several grandchildren.
Dickerson was defensive line coach under Marv Levy in Buffalo and in the Canadian Football League when Levy coached the Montreal Alouettes. He appeared in two Super Bowls: Super Bowl XXV and Super Bowl XXVI.
Super Bowl XXVI controversy.
Before Super Bowl XXVI, Dickerson mocked the Washington Redskins' famed offensive line, "The Hogs", in a television interview. Dickerson said Redskins tackle Joe Jacoby was "a Neanderthal -- he slobbers a lot, he probably kicks dogs in his neighborhood." He also said tackle Jim Lachey "has bad breath. Players will fall down without him even touching them."
Redskins coach Joe Gibbs got his hands on some tapes of Dickerson and played them at a team meeting on the night before the game, and by all accounts it was a factor in the Redskins' 37-24 thumping of the Bills. Head coach Marv Levy later described the interview as "the girder that brought down the building." Levy fired Dickerson three days after the game.
Radio and television career.
Dickerson began his broadcast career on WGR 550 in 1993, hosting a three hour afternoon drive-time show for almost ten years, leaving the station in 2003. It was speculated in the press that WGR released Dickerson from the station because it wanted to gain the rights to Sabres hockey broadcasts, which it purchased in 2004 along with radio station WNSA. Dickerson was replaced by Mike Schopp and Chris "Bulldog" Parker.
Dickerson also appeared on CanWest Global television's "Sportsline" show in Toronto for several season's as an NFL commentator.
His on-air style is similar to hockey's Don Cherry, Dickerson is known for his blunt and provocative opinions. His closing catchphrase, "Who loves ya, baby?" is borrowed from "Kojak" .
During football season, he hosts "The Unofficial, Unauthorized Postgame Show" after Bills games and cohosts "The Bob Matthews Show" Monday evenings on WHAM-AM 1180 in Rochester, New York. He also co-hosted "The Extra Point" Monday mornings on WGR-AM 550 in Buffalo, New York, replacing the fired Brad Riter in 2007 after being a weekly guest since 2005.
A similar character, "Chuck Dichter," appears in the 2002 made-for-TV movie "Second String", portrayed by Jon Voight.

</doc>
<doc id="9681520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681520" title="Chasicotherium">
Chasicotherium

Chasicotherium rothi is an extinct genus of a large notoungulate mammal known originally from a partial skull with mandible discovered in the Chasico Formation, in the stream of the same name of the Party of Villarino, Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina. The sediments in which the animal remains were discovered have an antiquity between 10 and 9 million years. Its weight was approximately one ton, being the largest and most recent member of the family Homalodotheriidae. It was a great herbivore of the Tertiary Pampas, closely related with "Homalodotherium", with it shares the reduced dental formula and the short premaxilla.

</doc>
<doc id="9681528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681528" title="Decathlon scoring tables">
Decathlon scoring tables

The scoring tables for the decathlon have undergone continual evolution since their inception about a century ago, with several changes to both the character of the equations and the indices on which the equations are based.
Early decathlon tables.
All of the earliest attempts at formalizing decathlon scoring, from the first formal submission (prepared by the U.S. in 1884) until 1915, involved linear scoring equations. The American model was based on world records, but models concurrently used by several Nordic countries were based on their respective national records.
The decathlon was first included in the Olympic Games in 1912, requiring a uniform standard. The first Olympic tables adopted were also linear functions; they were based not on world or national records, but, rather, on the 1908 Olympic records for each of the individual events. The tables were soon updated with the 1912 Olympic records - and the universally-disliked extension of event scores to three decimal places was discarded in favor of integer scores - and the tables were used thus in the next four Olympiads. 
The rapid evolution of the scoring tables caused results to vary widely. For instance, Akilles Järvinen, the silver medalist in the decathlon in both the 1928 and 1932 Olympics, would have won gold in both years rather handily under most later years' scoring tables.
Tests for legitimacy.
Beginning in 1920, the IAAF considered, at least, the following criteria for a legitimate decathlon scoring table:
(1) The table should reflect the fact that, at higher levels of performance, a unit gain (such as a decrement of 0.01 second in sprint times) is more significant than at lower levels of performance, because of the physiological limitations of the human body.
(2) The scores for different events should be comparable, in a manner such that equal skill levels in different events (however difficult it is to define such a concept) are rewarded with equal point levels.
1934 scoring tables.
in 1934, the IAAF adopted a new set of scoring tables, proposed by Suomen Urheiluliitto (the Finnish athletics federation), that had already been used for a few years in national competitions in Finland. This scoring system implemented vast changes, with the following features:
(1) All of the individual events were scored with exponential functions, rather than the linear functions that had characterized all decathlon scoring tables to date. For field events, this was a straightforward statistical procedure; for track events, the reciprocal of the athlete's time, representing speed, was used as the independent variable.
(2) The tables ranged from 0 to 1150 points per event. Zero points corresponded to the performances of untrained schoolchildren, and 1000-point performances corresponded closely to world records.
1950 scoring tables.
After World War II, the Finnish and Swedish athletics federations joined forces to draft scoring tables appropriate for Olympic athletes' improved postwar performances. All of the tables remained progressive in nature; in fact, the progressive character of every one of the ten tables increased.
1962 scoring tables.
In the years following the implementation of the 1950 tables, controversy arose, in regard to the highly progressive character of the tables. Specifically, the tables conferred a distinct advantage on decathletes who were specialists in individual events, with passing, but not stellar, performances in the other events, while putting well-rounded athletes at a relative disadvantage. To remedy this problem, Axel Jörbeck, of the Swedish athletic federation, devised new tables that were actually "regressive" in throwing events, while retaining their progressive character in track events. The rationale behind the changes was the proportion between kinetic energy imparted to a throwing implement and the "square" of its initial velocity - and therefore distance travelled - so that a progressive or even linear table caused unfairly large increments in the score for throwing events.
1984 scoring tables.
By the early 1980s, more problems had been pointed out with the then-current scoring tables. Specifically, the regressive nature of Jörbeck's tables for the field events seemed to obviate the importance of elite performances in those events; decathletes' field-event performances had improved to the point where further score increments were practically negligible. Moreover, besides sapping decathletes' motivation to improve in field events, the tables also gave an unfair advantage to competitors in the track events - both because those tables were still progressive and because decathletes' performances in those events were much closer to the world records.
The IAAF working committee therefore met in 1983 in Prague to develop improved tables, putting forth the following nine principles, which still stand today:
The 1984 tables are still in use today, with a slight update in 1998 (adding entries for the long throws for odd numbers of centimeters, which were rounded to the next-lower multiples of 2 cm until 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="9681530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681530" title="Charles Hannawalt">
Charles Hannawalt

Charles Hannawalt was an American key grip, film producer, and cinematographer. He worked in the film industry from 1956 to 1971, most frequently as a key grip for low-budget films directed and/or produced by Roger Corman and released by American International Pictures. He is probably best known as the cinematographer for Francis Ford Coppola's "Dementia 13", the only film in which he worked in that capacity. He also produced a handful of exploitation films.

</doc>
<doc id="9681535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681535" title="Derek Lambert">
Derek Lambert

Derek Lambert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9681540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681540" title="El Nido Airport">
El Nido Airport

El Nido Airport is an airport serving El Nido, a municipality in the province of Palawan in the Philippines. Also known as Lio Airport, it is located in the barangay of Villa Libertad, about from the población (town proper) of El Nido. This rolled gravel airstrip is owned and operated by Island Transvoyager Incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="9681547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681547" title="Paul Georg von Möllendorff">
Paul Georg von Möllendorff

Paul Georg von Möllendorff (17 February 1847 in Zehdenick, Prussia – 20 April 1901 in Ningbo, China) was a German linguist and diplomat. Möllendorff is mostly known for his service as an adviser to the Korean king Gojong in the late nineteenth century and for his contributions to Sinology. Möllendorff is also famous for having created a system for romanizing the Manchu language.
Early life.
Hailing from the Prussian aristocratic family von Möllendorf, Paul Georg von Möllendorff was the son of Georg von Möllendorff, a high-ranking Prussian civil servant. The young Möllendorff attended gymnasium in Görlitz and he enrolled at University of Halle in 1865, where he studied law, oriental studies and philology. Möllendorff showed a strong aptitude for the study of classical and foreign languages and acquired a good command of Hebrew, but did not study any East Asian languages at the time.
China.
In 1869, Möllendorff interrupted his studies and went to China in order to join the Imperial Maritime Customs Service in Shanghai. While working for the Customs in Shanghai and later Hankou, Möllendorff acquired a good command of Chinese and quickly passed the required language exam. However, he soon grew dissatisfied with his tasks in the service and left it in 1874 in order to join the German consular service as an interpreter and was eventually promoted German vice-consul in Tianjin. During his service in Tianjin, Möllendorff befriended Ma Jianzhong, who worked in the secretariat of the prominent Qing statesman, governor-general Li Hongzhang. In 1879, Möllendorff assisted Li in procuring weapons and warships from the Germans companies Vulkan and Krupp. In 1881, Möllendorff left the German consular service because of his complicated relationship to the German minister in Beijing, Max von Brandt.
Korea.
In 1882, Li Hongzhang recommended Möllendorff to the position of the adviser to the Korean government and in December 1882, he arrived in Seoul for his first audience with King Gojong. Möllendorff quickly learned enough Korean to be able to communicate with the king and soon earned the trust of the king, who appointed him deputy foreign minister and charged him with the establishment of the Korean Customs Service. Möllendorff adopted the Sino-Korean name Mok In-dok ( "Mok Indeok", "Mù Líndé" in Mandarin) and soon became a very influential figure in the Korean government.
Möllendorff wanted to assert the independence of Korea and contrary to the wishes of Li Hongzhang and Robert Hart, he wanted to make the Korean Customs Service as independent from the Chinese Maritime Customs Service as possible. Möllendorff also advocated that Korea enter into an alliance with the Russian Empire to counterbalance Chinese and Japanese influences on the Korean peninsula. Consequently, the Qing government felt that Möllendorff acted too independently and in 1885 Li Hongzhang forced Möllendorff's resignation from the Korean government. In 1888, King Gojong unsuccessfully tried to reinstate Möllendorff.
Scholarly work and later life.
Having left his position in Korean government, Möllendorff returned to work in the Imperial Maritime Customs and became Commissioner of Customs in the southern treaty port of Ningbo, where he would spend the last days of his life. In Ningbo, he worked to improve the customs service and also wrote a number of works on Sinology. Between 1896 and 1897 he was the president of the China Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9681569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681569" title="Artashes Arakelian">
Artashes Arakelian

Artashes Arakelian (1909 – 1993) was an economist, member of the Armenian Academy of Sciences (1960). Artashes chaired the Regional Planning Division of NKAR, he also worked as a researcher at Moscow Economy Institute. Later he headed to the Economy Institute of the Academy. He has authored numerous researches. Arakelian has an international reputation as an economist.

</doc>
<doc id="9681586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681586" title="Jerusalem (Jerusalem album)">
Jerusalem (Jerusalem album)

Jerusalem is the first album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. The Swedish version was released in 1978 on Prim Records. The English version (renamed "Volume 1") was released in 1980 on Lamb & Lion Records in the United States and on Word Records in the UK.
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson, except "Days Passing By" ("Dagarna går") by Dan Tibell and "Fångsång" by Bertil Sörensson. String arrangement on "Come To Me" ("Kom till mej") by Swante Bengtsson.
English version.
"Total time: 42:06"

</doc>
<doc id="9681595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681595" title="Sageretia camellifolia">
Sageretia camellifolia

Sageretia camellifolia is a shrub growing to 4m in height. It has brown-grey branchlets with green shiny leaves. It grows in sparse forests or thickets on top of limestone hills, and can be found in West Guangxi, China.

</doc>
<doc id="9681597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681597" title="Tyndale Christian School">
Tyndale Christian School

Several schools are named Tyndale Christian School. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="9681598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681598" title="Guinée Coupe Nationale">
Guinée Coupe Nationale

The Coupe Nationale is the top knockout tournament of the Guinean football.

</doc>
<doc id="9681631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681631" title="The Prefect">
The Prefect

The Prefect is a 2007 science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds (ISBN 0-575-07716-6). It is the fifth novel set in the Revelation Space universe, and takes place prior to the four previously released Revelation Space novels, but after some of the short stories. It is a standalone novel, containing no characters from any other Revelation Space works.
Setting.
The Glitter Band.
"The Prefect" is set in the 25th century in the Glitter Band, the realm of thousands of orbital habitats surrounding the planet Yellowstone in the Epsilon Eridani system, and the height of human civilization at the time. Events take place prior to the advent of the Melding Plague that had already ruined the Glitter Band and caused a massive decline in Yellowstone civilization at the time of the other Revelation Space novels. Tom Dreyfus is the titular prefect, a member of a special investigations police force called the Panoply that is responsible for protecting the Glitter Band. 
The novel offers a thoroughly in-depth study of future technology, including augmented reality within the Revelation Space universe, due its unique setting in the time-line. Set a century before the devastating effects of the melding plague, the book is able to showcase the golden-age of mankind alluded to in earlier books. The Glitter Band is a group of ten-thousand orbital habitats orbiting Yellowstone with a population of 100-million humans.
All habitats in the glitter band represent a different format of society, all linked by the common right to vote. A giant computer network runs thousands of polls everyday to decide the general actions of the Glitter Band as a whole. Most inhabitants have built in computer routines in their brains that make these decisions for them, making a conscious effort on only the most important polls.
Every habitat has a polling core, a giant computer that generates the polls and transmits the inhabitants’ votes. Each habitat votes on its own laws and punishments, the only universal crime being withholding someone’s right to vote, fraudulent voting, or restricting someone's access to abstraction (a form of digital communication and virtual reality used throughout the Glitter Band).
The right to vote and access abstraction for each inhabitant is policed by the Glitter Bands’ security force, Panoply. Chasm City is policed independently, and most habitats have their own internal constabulary forces to police other crimes.
Panoply.
Panoply is the police force for the Glitter Band. It exists in its own dedicated habitat, governed by an armed force of Prefects. 
The prefect hierarchy:
Panoply does not have the right to carry armed weaponry as standard, with the exception of whip-hounds, electronic whips that are used primarily in defence. If Panoply feels the need to use heavier weaponry, this must be voted on by the entire Glitter Band in an emergency poll before any action can be undertaken (although Panoply command ignores this limitation in the novel, and uses heavy weapons in spite of a vote against it). In this regard, Panoply can only exist if the populace is happy for them to proceed, which defuses much potential tension in this particular society. One issue the Prefects have to grapple with is that they can only enforce the right to vote and access to abstraction; they are not permitted to stop any other human rights violations. This eventually drives Prefect Gaffney to assist Aurora, the antagonist, in her takeover bid.
Plot summary.
The novel begins with Dreyfus being sent out on a routine assignment to lock down a glitter-band habitat for polling violations. His superiors send one of his deputies, Thalia Ng, to distribute software upgrades around the Glitter Band to prevent anyone from attempting a similar violation.
In the meantime, Dreyfus is sent to investigate the recent destruction of a habitat named Ruskin-Sartorious. Analysis indicates that the habitat has been destroyed by the flame of a Conjoiner Drive, and Dreyfus's team believe the lighthugger "Accompaniment of Shadows", the only one to have been near the habitat in recent weeks, is responsible. Before they can conclude their investigation, however, the Ultranauts take justice into their own hands and destroy the ship, but not before Dreyfus is able to converse with the captain, who convinces him that his crew were not responsible. Believing him to be true, Dreyfus and his deputy, the hyperpig Sparver, decide to investigate the matter further.
Dreyfus and Sparver interview digital backups of the inhabitants of Ruskin-Sartorious. Dreyfus speaks with one of them about the Clockmaker, an alien machine which formerly lived in a Glitter Band research centre, creating, as its name suggests, clocks, before it began a violent killing spree and was destroyed with nuclear weapons nine years prior to the novel. He and Sparver then analyse communication records from the Ruskin-Sartorious habitat, and discover links with an orbiting asteroid owned by the Nerval-Lermontov family (a member of which was called Aurora). They defeat its defence systems and penetrate inside, discovering a Conjoiner starship trapped inside. One of them, Clepsydra, has escaped and is hiding. She meets with Dreyfus and tells him that she and the other Conjoiners had been enslaved by Aurora (now an extremely powerful software entity) to use the Exordium to predict the future. The Conjoiners predict a future devastated by what is implied to be the Melding Plague, and Aurora has been planning to respond to stop it (use of the Exordium creates a new timeline which can be changed to avoid the future the Exordium describes). She and Dreyfus escape as a ship under Aurora's control arrives and destroys the habitat.
At the same time, Thalia has distributed the software upgrade to the required four habitats across the glitter band, but it appears to be malfunctioning; information access is shut down in the habitats she has visited, and servitors (service robots used across the glitter band) are rounding up and exterminating civilians. She and some of the survivors of the last habitat take refuge in its polling core tower, barricading the entrance. Outside, the servitors begin to construct "weevil" war machines using plans stolen by Gaffney, a Senior Prefect secretly in alliance with Aurora.
Back at Panoply, with Dreyfus in the field and out of communication, Gaffney manipulates the Senior Prefects into voting Aumonier out of office. Clepsydra is taken into isolation, whilst Dreyfus explains the situation to the Senior Prefects. Unbeknownst to him, however, Gaffney kills Clepsydra and frames Dreyfus. The Prefects debate what to do about the emergence of the weevils, which have now left the four original habitats and are moving towards others.
Before very long, however, Gaffney is exposed as the murderer of Clepsydra when attempting to interrogate Dreyfus. He admits to his role in the weevil outbreak and informs the Prefects that Aurora is responsible. Aurora herself contacts Panoply and demands that they stand down, claiming to be taking over the Glitter Band for its own good. Aumonier, now back in power, refuses and orders Panoply to ready for war. Although Thalia escapes from Aurora's forces during a disastrous attack by Panoply, simulations run by the Prefects indicate that they have virtually no chance of success; the weevils are destroying habitats and converting them into even more weevils, grossly outnumbering the Prefects.
Aumonier speaks to Dreyfus and tells him that the aforementioned Clockmaker was not actually destroyed nine years previously; part of it survived and was recovered by Panoply. The ultra-secret Panoply unit, Firebrand, was established to research it. Although Aumonier ordered it shut down, she now believes its members relocated the Clockmaker to Ruskin-Sartorious. As the Clockmaker was the only intelligence in the Glitter Band capable of defeating Aurora, she attempted to destroy it. Dreyfus confronts members of Firebrand, who confirm Aumonier's theory, but reveal that the Clockmaker was not in fact destroyed; Firebrand became aware of the attack in advance and moved the Clockmaker. Following them to the surface of Yellowstone, he and Sparver fight their way into an abandoned American colony, where the Clockmaker is being hidden. Sparver leaves to fight Gaffney, who is approaching the colony with bombs to destroy the Clockmaker.
Dreyfus meets with the Clockmaker, who reveals that he is actually Philip Lascaille, a character in Revelation Space who was believed to have committed suicide after meeting with the Shrouders, but was in fact scanned to produce a simulation, which was sent back to the Shrouders, who turned it into the Clockmaker. Dreyfus tells the Clockmaker what is happening. It incapacitates him and leaves. Regaining consciousness, Dreyfus meets with Sparver. They return to Panoply to find that the weevil attack has collapsed; the Clockmaker has uploaded itself into the Glitter Band's data network and is fighting a digital war with Aurora. As such, she is unable to control the weevils effectively, and the Prefects are destroying them in alliance with the Ultras. Dreyfus begins preparing to investigate the death of Philip Lascaille, having promised to the Clockmaker to bring those responsible to justice.

</doc>
<doc id="9681650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681650" title="Arakel Babakhanian">
Arakel Babakhanian

Arakel Grigori Babakhanian (, commonly known as Leo (); – November 14, 1932) was an Armenian historian, publicist, writer, critic and professor of Yerevan State University. He was born in Nagorno Karabakh and is recognized as an authoritative historian on Armenia and is best known as the author of the multi-volume "History of Armenia". Leo addressed the difficult issues of Armenian history, history of literature and many key issues of the early 20th century.
Biography.
Leo was born on April 14, 1860 in the city of Shusha, then a part of the Russian Empire. He graduated from the local school there in 1878. Due to the death of his father Grigor, Leo was unable to attend university to receive higher education and stayed in the region to support his family. He took up several jobs in Shushi and Baku as a notary clerk, telegraphist, and the manager of a publishing press called "Aror" (Wooden Plough). From 1895 to 1906, Leo worked as a journalist and secretary in Tiflis for the influential Armenian-language newspaper "Mshak" (Tiller). Leo would later become the editor of "Mshak" in 1918. In 1906, he began teaching at the Gevorkian Theological Seminary at Echmiatsin, although he returned to Tiflis a year later, dedicating himself to academic work.
Politically, Leo was opposed to the policies of the Armenian Dashnaktsutyun political party and was a member of the Populist (Zhoghovrdakan) Party, joining it in 1917. Other prominent positions Leo held include being an adviser to the delegation of the Seim of the Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic, which held negotiations with the Turks in Trebizond in March 1918, and the president of the Karabakh Armenian Patriotic Association from 1918 to 1920.
Academic career.
Leo's education and knowledge was based almost solely on self-erudition. He had welcomed the sovietization of Armenia in 1920 and offered his services to the newly established state. Though he had lectured there during the fall term of 1919, it was only in 1924 that he was formally offered a position of professor at Yerevan State University in the field of Armenian studies. He already had worked for numerous publishing houses and published several books on Armenian history but his three volume work, "History of Armenia" ("Patmut'yun Hayots'", vol. I, Tiflis, 1917; vols. II and III, Yerevan, 1946–1947), is the most notable. After Soviet Russian writer Andrei Bitov visited Yerevan in 1960, he remarked that "he did not enter any house which did not have the familiar three volumes of Leo's "History of Armenia"." His work traces Armenian history from its beginnings until the end of the nineteenth century, with the exception of the period stretching from the eleventh to the fifteenth centuries (the third volume begins with the sixteenth century, whereas the second volume had ended in the eleventh). Itdevotes particular importance to the political, cultural and social issues that surrounded Armenian life and the role that Armenia's neighbors played in the country's history.

</doc>
<doc id="9681662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681662" title="Marie Philibert Constant Sappey">
Marie Philibert Constant Sappey

Marie Philibert Constant Sappey (1810 – March 15, 1896) was a French anatomist born in Cernon, near the city of Bourg-en-Bresse.
He studied medicine at the University of Paris, earning his degree in 1843. Later he became a professor of anatomy in Paris, and in 1862 was elected to the Académie Nationale de Médecine, becoming its president in 1887. In 1868 he succeeded Jean-François Jarjavay (1815–1868) as chair of anatomy, a position he held until 1886.
Sappey was a highly regarded anatomist remembered for his research of the lymphatic system. In 1874 he published an anatomical atlas that included a detailed study of cutaneous lymphatic drainage. He devised a procedure to define and delineate the lymphatic system by injecting mercury into the skin of a cadaver in order to properly view the individual lymphatic vessels. Anatomist Henri Rouvière (1876-1952) continued Sappey's anatomical work of the human lymphatic system.

</doc>
<doc id="9681665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681665" title="Walt Disney Presents Burl Ives' Animal Folk">
Walt Disney Presents Burl Ives' Animal Folk

"Walt Disney Presents Burl Ives' Animal Folk" (Disneyland ST 3920, 1963) is one of several albums for children by the folk singer Burl Ives.
There is a full-color booklet inserted between the gatefold covers of this album. The booklet is lavishly illustrated with selected song lyrics and cartoon representations of Ives interacting with the animals in the songs. The illustrator is not identified. 
Although intended for children, the album is notable for its many references to the death, loss of or danger to the characters in the songs (see below for a breakdown).
Ten of the songs from "Animal Folk" were released as "A Day at the Zoo with Burl Ives" (Disneyland 1347) in 1972.
Wayfarer Music, the copyright holder of many of the songs in 1963, was a company started by Ives. It is now administrated by his widow.

</doc>
<doc id="9681705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681705" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 354">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 354

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 354 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681706" title="Jolo Airport">
Jolo Airport

Jolo Airport is the airport serving the general area of Jolo, located in the province of Sulu in the Philippines. It is the only airport in the province of Sulu. The airport is classified as a Class 2 principal (minor domestic) airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
History.
Jolo Airport was constructed in the 1940s during World War II as a staging point for American fighter aircraft. At the time, it had a 1,000-meter runway.
At the end of the war, the airport, then owned by the United States military, was turned over to the Sulu provincial government. The airport was expanded in 1965 by President Ferdinand Marcos, who expanded the runway to 1,200 meters. Marcos would later expand the runway by some 500 meters, though the runway would shrink again to its 1965 size.
A three million-dollar expansion project, financed by the United States, seeks to rehabilitate the old airport by expanding the current runway to over 2,000 meters, enabling aircraft as large as the Boeing 737 to land at the airport. The rehabilitated airport should enable larger passenger planes to arrive at the new airport, facilitating trade and enabling flights not only to Manila but also to neighboring Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei. Currently, the largest plane landing in Jolo is the C-130 Hercules.
In August 2008, a Manila-based construction company, CS Santiago Construction, won the bidding for the airport's expansion. Some P80 million has been allocated by the Philippine government for the construction of a terminal building, perimeter fencing and relocation of affected military camps and residents. The runway will be expanded to a length of 1,800 meters and a width of 60 meters, long and wide enough for larger planes to land. Construction is set to begin in October and should be completed by late 2009.
On December 14, 2009, then former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and ex-US Ambassador to the Philippines Kristie A. Kenny cut the ceremonial ribbon signaling the inauguration of the newly rehabilitated airport, together with Sulu Governor Abdusakur Tan, Jolo Mayor Hussin Amin

</doc>
<doc id="9681711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681711" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 355">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 355

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 355 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681718" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 356">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 356

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 356 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681723" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 357">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 357

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 357 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681724" title="Ghanaian FA Cup">
Ghanaian FA Cup

The Ghanaian FA Cup, currently known as the MTN FA Cup for sponsorship purposes, is the top knockout tournament of the Ghanaian association football.
The competition is played between the clubs of the Glo Premier League, Poly Tank Division One League, Ghana Division Two League, Ghana Division Three League and GAFCOA. The first G.F.A. Cup competition took place in the season 1957-1958, with an eight years hiatus between the seasons 2002-2010 with Hearts of Oak being the most successful club in the competition history having won the cup on nine occasions with the first being in 1973 and the recent in the 2000 G.F.A. Cup competition after defeating Okwawu United (2-0) in the finals.
The current cup holders are Asante Kotoko, who won the cup for the first time by defeating Inter Allies (2-1) on 8 June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9681728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681728" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 358">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 358

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 358 of the "United States Reports", which included cases from 1958 and 1959:

</doc>
<doc id="9681733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681733" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 359">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 359

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 359 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681736" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 360">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 360

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 360 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681739" title="Sageretia gracilis">
Sageretia gracilis

Sageretia gracilis is a shrub with slightly shiny dark green leaves and yellow-green flowers. It grows in thickets or forests in valleys and on mountains around 1200 to 3400 meters of W Guangxi, east and south east Xizang, and Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="9681740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681740" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 362">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 362

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 362 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681746" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 363">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 363

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 363 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681752" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 364">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 364

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 364 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681755" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 365">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 365

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 365 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681762" title="Kelly Bires">
Kelly Bires

Kelly Bires (born August 25, 1984 in Mauston, Wisconsin) is an American stock car driver. He currently drives part-time for Go Green Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Nationwide Series.
Early career.
Bires began karting at Sugar River Raceway in Brodhead, Wisconsin at age 9 and began competing in national karting events at age 12. He won several regional titles and two national championships.
He became the Great Lakes Allison Legacy Series Rookie of the Year in 2000, and followed up the championship by winning the series in 2001. Bires next moved up to the Super Late Model race cars at Dells Motor Speedway, finishing fifth in points and named 2002 Rookie of the Year. The following year he finished second in championship points. Bires made his first start in ARCA in May 2004. In 2006, he joined up with veteran American Speed Association Late Model Series crew chief Howie Lettow and won the season championship that year.
NASCAR career.
2007-2008.
In the 2007 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, Bires was the driver of the #21 Wood Brothers Racing truck in 19 races, handing over driving duties for the other six races to veteran Mark Martin. He had a tenth place finish at Atlanta. After the departure of Jon Wood due to illness, Bires left the Truck Series and started racing for Tad Geschickter beginning at Nashville Superspeedway. His best Busch Series start was 26th and best finish was 7th in the Meijer 300 presented by Oreo race at Kentucky Speedway. Named the permanent driver of the #47 car in 2008, Bires had six top-ten finishes en route to a 13th place points finish. However, he was without a job at the end of the season due to lack of sponsorship.
2009 to present.
Bires spent the 2009 season driving for various teams, including Braun Racing, MSRP Motorsports, and JTG where he did start and park, as well as competing for Kevin Harvick Incorporated and CJM Racing. His best finish that year came at Iowa Speedway, where he finished fifth in Bruan's Fraternal Order of Eagles Toyota. At the end of the season, Bires signed a contract to drive for JR Motorsports through 2011. While he did not compete in the season opening race at Daytona, he did have a seventh place finish at Auto Club. Bires had three top-twenty finishes altogether, but was released from JR Motorsports after five races. 
Bires returned to the Nationwide Series in 2011, driving for Team Rensi Motorsports. However, Bires had to start and park his #25 on numerous occasions, and withdrew from two races. After Rensi cut back its schedule, Bires was hired by Joe Gibbs Racing to drive their #18 Toyota at Richmond and Chicagoland.

</doc>
<doc id="9681768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681768" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 367">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 367

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 367 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681777" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 368">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 368

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 368 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681784" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 369">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 369

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 369 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681786" title="Morton Tubor">
Morton Tubor

Morton Tubor (born June 1, 1920) is an American film editor and sound editor. In both capacities, he worked mostly in low budget horror and exploitation films. 
As a film editor, he worked on Francis Ford Coppola's "Dementia 13" (1963), Jack Hill's "Switchblade Sisters" (1975), and Paul Bartel's "Cannonball" (1976), among other films. He also edited Samuel Fuller's relatively big budget "The Big Red One" (1980). 
As a sound editor, many of his credits were for television documentaries, including several National Geographic and Time-Life specials. He was the sound editor for Peter Bogdanovich's "Nickelodeon" (1976). 

</doc>
<doc id="9681788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681788" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 370">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 370

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 370 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681794" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 371">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 371

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 371 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681800" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 372">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 372

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 372 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681806" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 373">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 373

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 373 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681814" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 374">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 374

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 374 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681818" title="Sageretia hamosa">
Sageretia hamosa

Sageretia hamosa is a shrub with grey-brown or dark brown branchlets studded with hook-like thorns It can be found in China provinces Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Sichuan, SE Xizang (Chayu), S Yunnan (Mengla), Zhejiang; and in India, Nepal, Philippines, Sri Lanka and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="9681824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681824" title="2C-T-13">
2C-T-13

2C-T-13 or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-methoxyethylthio)phenethylamine is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family. It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)".
Chemistry.
2C-T-13 is the 2 carbon homologue of Aleph-13. The full chemical name is 2-[4-(2-methoxyethylthio)-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl]ethanamine. The drug has structural properties similar to mescaline and other drugs in the 2C-T series, with the most closely related compounds being 2C-T-7 and 2C-T-21.
General information.
The dosage range of 2C-T-13 is typically 25 - 40 mg and its duration is approximately 6–8 hours according to Shulgin. 2C-T-13 produces many closed-eye visuals and geometric patterns. It also produces slight visual distortion.
Pharmacology.
The mechanism that produces 2C-T-13's hallucinogenic and entheogenic effects has not been specifically established, however it is most likely to result from action as a 5-HT2A serotonin receptor agonist in the brain, a mechanism of action shared by all of the hallucinogenic tryptamines and phenethylamines for which the mechanism of action is known.
Dangers.
The toxicity of 2C-T-13 is not well documented. 2C-T-13 is slightly less potent than 2C-T-7, but it may be expected that at higher doses it would display similar toxicity to that of other phenethylamines of the 2C-T family. Other phenethylamine derivatives substituted with an alkylthio group at the 4 position such as 2C-T-7 and 4-MTA are known to act as selective monoamine oxidase A inhibitors, a side effect which can lead to lethal serotonin syndrome when they are combined with stimulant drugs. Most confirmed fatalities involving 2C-T drugs involve their combination with other hard drugs such as alcohol, ecstasy or cocaine.
Legality.
2C-T-13 is not illegal, but possession and sales of 2C-T-13 could be prosecuted under the Federal Analog Act because of its structural similarities to 2C-T-7.

</doc>
<doc id="9681826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681826" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 375">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 375

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 375 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681833" title="Henry de Lichton">
Henry de Lichton

Henry de Lichton [de Lychtone, Leighton] (died 1440) was a medieval Scottish prelate and diplomat, who, serving as Bishop of Moray (1414–1422) and Bishop of Aberdeen (1422–1440), became a significant patron of the church, a cathedral builder, and a writer. He also served King James I of Scotland as a diplomat in England, France, and Italy.
Early church career.
Lichton was born in the diocese of Brechin (probably Angus) somewhere between 1369 and 1379 to Henry and Janet Lichton. He was well-educated for his time, attending the University of Orléans and possibly the University of St Andrews, earning licentiates in civil law and canon law, a bachelorate in canon law, and a doctorate in canon law, all achieved between 1394 and 1415; he attained an additional doctorate—in civil law—by 1436. Lichton followed an ecclesiastical career simultaneously with his studies. The first notice of this career comes in 1392, when he was vicar of Markinch in Fife, a vicariate of St Andrews Cathedral Priory. He was a canon of the diocese of Moray by 1394, and Archdeacon of Aberdeen by 1395, holding this position into the following year, 1396.
Bishop of Moray.
After the death of Bishop John de Innes in 1414, the chapter of Elgin Cathedral met to elect a new bishop, and on 18 May Lichton was elected Bishop of Moray. 
Lichton travelled to Continental Europe to receive consecration, and was consecrated on 8 March 1415, at Valencia by Pope Benedict XIII.
Lichton enjoyed an amicable relationship with the most powerful magnate in the area, Alexander Stewart, Lord of Badenoch and Earl of Mar, as Lichton appears to have suffered no harassment, attended the latter's marriage to Isabella, Countess of Mar back in 1404 and procured for him an annulment of that marriage when Stewart chose to remarry in 1415. Lichton was probably a kinsman of Stewart, as he is described as a kinsman of Stewart's uncle, Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany, the man who ruled Scotland as governor until his death in 1420.
Bishop of Aberdeen.
After the death of Gilbert de Greenlaw, Bishop of Aberdeen, in 1421, Lichton was chosen as his successor, and was translated to the diocese of Aberdeen in early April 1422, on the authority of Pope Martin V. Pope Martin delegated authority to Robert de Cardeny, Bishop of Dunkeld, and William Stephen, Bishop of Dunblane, in order to take Lichton's oath to the Papal see without forcing him to travel to Rome. It is of note that Lichton had already been in possession of the prebend of Kinkell in the Aberdeen diocese, a former possession of the Knights Hospitaller but attached to Aberdeen Cathedral by Lichton's time.
As Bishop of Aberdeen, Lichton was one of its greatest builders. The "Aberdeen Registrum" noted that he began to rebuild the cathedral, and Hector Boece gave a description of his rebuilding, noting that although he finished the walls and two belltowers, the third belltower remained unfinished at his death. Licthon also constructed a new chapel dedicated to St John the Evangelist, and donated much of his own money to new service books and vestments, as well as to the reconstruction of the cathedral. He also authored several legal and religious texts, though none have survived.
Diplomatic career.
Henry was frequently used as an ambassador by the king, James I of Scotland. According to the 16th century Bishop of Ross and historian John Lesley, Henry was one of the men sent to England to arrange the ransom of King James - held in England for most of his youth, not being released until 1424. On 9 June 1425, he and other prelates received a safe-conduct from King Henry VI of England enabling them to travel through England on their way to visit Pope Martin V at Rome. In 1428, Henry was the leader of an embassy sent to King Charles VII of France for a marriage proposal and to renew the Franco-Scottish alliance, and in January 1430, was sent into England for discussion of various grievances. On 31 March 1434, Lichton is found in attendance at the Council of Basel, though no more details of his activities there have survived.
Death.
Lichton's death cannot be precisely dated. It fell between 11 November (Martinmas) 1440, and 11 January 1441; it is probable that he died on either 12 or 14 December, because these were the anniversaries given to him in the 15th century and the 16th century respectively. He was buried in his new chapel, the one dedicated to St John the Evangelist. As a churchman, Lichton could never marry and did not; he did however father a bastard, a daughter named Janet, who appeared in the records receiving papal dispensation to marry in 1432.

</doc>
<doc id="9681841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681841" title="Coupe du Faso">
Coupe du Faso

The Coupe du Faso is the top knockout tournament of the Burkinabé football.

</doc>
<doc id="9681844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681844" title="Marie of the Incarnation (Carmelite)">
Marie of the Incarnation (Carmelite)

Marie of the Incarnation, O.C.D., also as Madame Acarie, was the foundress of the nuns of the Discalced Carmelite Order in France, who later became a lay sister of the Order. She has been called the "mother of Carmel in France".
Biography.
"Le belle Acari"the beautiful Acarie"), as she was known in Paris, was born Barbara Avrillot in Paris. By her family she belonged to the higher bourgeois society in Paris. Her father, Nicholas Avrillot, was Accountant General in the Chamber of Paris, and chancellor of Marguerite of Navarre, first wife of Henry IV of France; while her mother, Marie Lhuillier was a descendant of Etienne Marcel, the famous prévôt des marchands (chief municipal magistrate). She was placed with the Poor Clares of the Abbey of Longchamp, where she had a maternal aunt, for her education, and acquired there a vocation for the cloister. In 1584, through obedience she married Pierre Acarie, viscount of Villemor, a wealthy young man of high standing, who was a fervent Catholic, to whom she bore six children. Pierre Acarie disapproved of Barbe's reading romance novels and with clerical advice removed the books and substituted books of a more pious and spiritual bent.
Pierre Acarie was one of the staunchest members of the Catholic League, which, after the death of Henry III of France, opposed the succession of the Huguenot prince, Henry of Navarre, to the French throne. He was one of the sixteen who organized the resistance in Paris and partly responsible for the subsequent famine which resulted from the siege of Paris (1590). The famine, gave Barbara Acarie an occasion of displaying her charity. Mary was so wise in her almsgiving that during a famine the wealthy persons who desired to help the poor caused their alms to pass through her hands, and she was widely respected. After the dissolution of the League, brought about by the abjuration of Henry IV, Acarie was exiled from Paris and his wife had to remain behind to contend with creditors and businessmen for her children's fortune, which had been compromised by her husband's want of foresight and prudence. She defended her husband in court, drafting memoirs, writing letters and furnishing proofs of his innocence. He was acquitted and enabled to return to the city after three years. In addition she was afflicted with physical sufferings, the consequences of a fall from her horse, and a very severe course of treatment left her an invalid for the rest of her life.
At the beginning of the 17th century, Acarie was widely known for her virtue, her supernatural gifts, and especially her charity towards the poor and the sick in the hospitals. To her residence came all the distinguished and devout people of the day in Paris, among them Madame de Meignelay, née de Gondi, a model of Christian widows, Madame Jourdain and Madame de Bréauté, all future Carmelites, the Chancellor de Merillac, Père Coton, the Jesuit, as well as St. Vincent de Paul and St. Francis de Sales, who for six months was Acarie's spiritual director.
She is reputed to have had the gift of healing, the gift of prophecy, of predicting certain events in the future, of reading hearts and of discerning spirits. At the age of twenty-seven, she received the stigmata, the grace of physical conformity to the Suffering Christ. She is the first Frenchwoman the authenticity of whose stigmata (although invisible) have been attested by eminent persons.
In 1601 she was introduced to the Life of St Teresa of Avila and was greatly moved by her life.
A few days later St. Teresa, appeared to her and informed her that God wished to make use of her to found Carmelite convents in France. The apparitions continuing, Acarie took counsel and began the work. A meeting in which Pierre de Bérulle, future founder of the Oratory of Jesus, Francis de Sales, the Abbé de Brétigny, and the Marillac's took part, decided on the foundation of the "Reformed Carmel in France", 27 July 1602. St Frances the Sales was the one who wrote to the pope to obtain authorization and Pope Clement VIII granted the Bull of institution on the 23rd of November 1603. The following year some Spanish Carmelites were received into the Carmel of Rue St. Jacques, which became celebrated. Mme de Longueville, Anne de Gonzague, Mlle de la Vallieres, withdrew to it; there also Bossuet and Fénelon were to preach. The Carmel spread rapidly and profoundly influenced French society of the day. Barbara Acarie also cooperated in the new foundations of Pontoise (1605), Dijon (1605) and Amiens (1606). In 1618, the year of Mme Acarie's death, it numbered fourteen houses.
Mme Acarie also shared in two foundations of the day, that of the Oratory and that of the Ursulines. On 11 November 1611 she, with St. Vincent de Paul, assisted at the Mass of the installation of the Oratory of France. Among the many postulants whom Mme Acarie received for the Carmel, there were some who had no vocation, and she conceived the idea of getting them to undertake the education of young girls, and broached her plan to her holy cousin, Mme. de Sainte-Beuve. To establish the new Order, they brought Ursulines to Paris and adopted their rule and name.
When her husband died in 1613, his widow settled her affairs and begged leave to enter the Carmel, asking as a favour to be received as a lay sister in the poorest community. In 1614 she withdrew to the monastery of Amiens, taking the name of Marie of the Incarnation. Her three daughters had preceded her into the cloister, and one of them, Margaret of the Blessed Sacrament, was sub-prioress at Amiens. She made her solemn profession on April 8, 1615, in the course of a prolonged sickness. In 1616, for reasons of health, she was sent to the Carmelite convent at Pontoise, where she died at the age of fifty-two.
Veneration.
She was beatified by Pope Pius VI; her mortal remains are in the chapel of the Carmelites of Pontoise. Her feast is celebrated on 18 April.
Legacy.
She is primarily noted for the introduction of the reform of St. Teresa of Jesus into France, so much so that she merits the title of "mother and foundress of the (Discalced) Carmel in France".

</doc>
<doc id="9681846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681846" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 377">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 377

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 377 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681848" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 376">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 376

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 376 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681858" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 361">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 361

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 361 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681861" title="Joseph &quot;Flip&quot; Nuñez">
Joseph &quot;Flip&quot; Nuñez

Joseph "Flip" Nuñez was an American jazz pianist, composer, and vocalist of Filipino descent. He was born on August 27, 1931, and died on November 3, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9681862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681862" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 353">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 353

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 353 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681903" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 366">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 366

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 366 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9681904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681904" title="Richie Lucas">
Richie Lucas

Richard John "Riverboat Richie" Lucas (born April 15, 1938) is an American former collegiate and Professional Football quarterback, noteworthy as a College Football Hall of Fame quarterback, and best known for his All-American career at Pennsylvania State University (1957–1959).
Lucas was born in Glassport, Pennsylvania. Richie is of Russian Descent. He was a first round pick in both the NFL and AFL drafts in 1960. Like many college stars of the era, and possibly because of the conservative style of play in the old NFL, Lucas signed with a team in the wide-open new American Football League, namely the Buffalo Bills, making him officially the franchise's first player. There he played quarterback, halfback, defensive back and kick returner for two seasons before he was obtained by the AFL's Denver Broncos following the AFL's 1962 equalization draft, but he never played for the Broncos.[http://www.buffalobills.com/history/August.jsp
Nicknamed "Riverboat Richie" due to his gambling instincts when calling plays,[http://pennstate.scout.com/3/PromoFOSMagArticle2.html] Lucas won the 1959 Maxwell Trophy and was runner-up to LSU's Billy Cannon for the 1959 Heisman Trophy. He returned to Penn State following his pro football career, serving as assistant athletic director until 1998. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="9681911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681911" title="Noroton Heights (Metro-North station)">
Noroton Heights (Metro-North station)

The Noroton Heights Metro-North Railroad station serves the residents of Darien, Connecticut via the New Haven Line. It is 36.2 miles from Grand Central Terminal. 
The station is located near Exit 10 on Interstate 95. The highway borders the southern side of the station, which faces Heights Road to the north, Hollow Tree Ridge Road to the west and has access to Noroton Avenue to the east (via Ledge Road). The station is one of two in Darien; the other is the Darien Metro-North train station.
The Noroton Heights station building is "unique in that it resembles an overgrown Plexiglass shelter protected by a metal lean-to," according to a January 2007 state Department of Transportation report. According to the report, the station is a "notable alternative to the downtown Stamford train station. The Noroton Heights station is not compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act. All the railroad parking at the station (772 spaces) is owned by the state. The farthest available parking spaces are as much as 1,500 feet from the station.
Platform and track configuration.
This station has two high-level side platforms, each 10 cars long. The northern platform, adjacent to Track 3, is generally used by westbound trains. The southern platform, adjacent to Track 4, is generally used by eastbound trains.
The New Haven Line has four tracks at this location. The two inner tracks, not adjacent to either platform, are used only by express trains.
History.
As of January 2007, Northeast Utilities had plans to put an underground 345-kV cable along the south edge of the eastbound parking lot (just north of Interstate 95). The state Department of Transportation agreed to the location because it would "minimize the potential impact to any future parking structure built at this site."
In 1989, the attractive former station building was slated for demolition. Instead, a group of Darien residents changed it into "The Depot", a youth center. The building remains at the far end of the train station, near the intersection of Noroton Avenue and Heights Road. Across the train tracks from "The Depot" is the Post 53 ambulance unit (which previously occupied "The Depot" building before moving into its more modern headquarters).
In recent years the town government of Darien has been collecting parking revenue from the station, which has gone into an improvement fund. The stairs leading to Hollow Tree Ridge Road were replaced in late 2010 along with new lighting being installed. Renovations will also include an update to the overpass (which will be closed for renovations starting Jun 6, 2011). The improvement project is running behind schedule with the original completion date being December 2010, no new date has been announced. 

</doc>
<doc id="9681915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681915" title="Roslyn Philp">
Roslyn Philp

Sir Roslyn Foster Bowie Philp KBE (27 July 1895 – 19 March 1965) was appointed as a judge to the Supreme Court of Queensland, which is the highest ranking court in the Australian State of Queensland. He served as a puisne judge 4 May 1939 until 8 February 1956. He served as a senior puisne judge from 9 February 1956 until his death in March 1965.
Philp's father was the journalist and author James Philp.
References.
The ancestry of Sir Roslyn Foster Bowie Philp
The Bowie/Philp Story tracing the family from Scotland to Australia via New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="9681933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681933" title="Stuart O'Brien">
Stuart O'Brien

Stuart O'Brien (27 May 1906 – 10 January 2004) was an American film editor. He worked on B-movies and low budget horror and exploitation films, including Roger Corman's "The Terror" (1963) and Francis Ford Coppola's "Dementia 13" (1963). 

</doc>
<doc id="9681975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681975" title="Gulf of Georgia Cannery">
Gulf of Georgia Cannery

The Gulf of Georgia Cannery is a National Historic Site of Canada located in Steveston village in Richmond, British Columbia. 
Built in 1894, the Cannery echoes the days when it was the leading producer of canned salmon in British Columbia. Today it is a fishing museum with interactive exhibits, film, and tours that demonstrate the Cannery's important role in the history of BC's West Coast. 
Comprehensive History of the Cannery.
Golden Years.
Along the banks of the Lower Fraser River in the boomtown of Steveston, the Gulf of Georgia Cannery opened its doors for business in 1894. The Gulf of Georgia Cannery was the largest cannery in British Columbia until 1902. It was known as the "Monster Cannery" - packing more than 2.5 million cans of salmon in 1897. That was during the free-for-all days of the salmon canning industry and soon the "Monster Cannery" boasted hundreds of workers producing these cans of salmon. Each canning season brought together a diverse mix of workers, usually of First Nations, Chinese, Japanese and European descent. The Gulf of Georgia Cannery was representative of an industry that was one of the province's largest employers and whose work force laboriously churned out one of the province's principal export commodities.
Advent of Advanced Machinery.
Over the years, the hordes of people manually canning salmon gave way to rows of high-speed machinery. For the Gulf of Georgia Cannery, the price to pay for these advancements would be a diminished role in the canning of salmon, as the last can of sockeye rolled off the production line in 1930. Instead of canning salmon, the Cannery's new role would be as a salmon receiving and trans-shipment point within the large network of canneries being marshalled by its new owner, the Canadian Fishing Company.
The War Years.
The Gulf of Georgia Cannery remained quiet during the 1930s, but with the outbreak of the Second World War in Europe, the Cannery was revitalized by an onslaught of new capital and expansion in anticipation of a new enterprise, namely herring. New machinery and an army of workers produced case after case of canned herring in tomato sauce, the major source of protein for Allied soldiers and civilians struggling overseas during the war. Herring canning became an industry-wide endeavour and alongside it grew the business of herring reduction, that is, the transformation of herring into protein-rich oil and meal for animal feeding purposes.
The End of the War.
The end of the war meant the end of a market and the end of herring canning in British Columbia. For the Gulf of Georgia Cannery, herring reduction would become the predominant activity by the late 1940s. The rise of this industry is reflected by the growth of the Cannery complex which saw three successive waves of expansion before the herring reduction industry was crippled by overfishing and government closure in the late 1960s. By the 1970s, a new market emerged in Japan for British Columbia herring roe and this ensured that the reduction operation at the Cannery would run once more. However, the new roe industry generated only a small amount of raw material for reduction, as catches formerly in the hundreds of thousands of tonnes were limited by regulation to the low tens of thousands.
Closure.
By 1979, the cost of operating the Cannery's aging reduction equipment became too much and the reduction plant was closed. The buildings would serve as a net loft and storage for the Canadian Fishing Company's seine boat fleet and the era of transforming the Cannery into a museum would begin in earnest.
Creation of the National Historic Site.
During the 1970s and early 1980s the local community lobbied various levels of government to save the Cannery. In 1979 the Federal government purchased the property and in 1984 it was transferred to Parks Canada. The building was first open to the public in 1994 in celebration of the centennial of the building. The Gulf of Georgia Cannery Society, a local not-for-profit organization, was formed in 1986 to work together with Parks Canada to develop and operate the site. Today, the Cannery is one of the very few federally owned National Historic Sites operated by a third party.
Chronology of the Cannery.
1894 - Construction of the original L-shaped building; one manual canning line.
1897 - East Wing built to provide additional packing and seasonal living area. Two additional canning lines added.
1906 - Arrival of the mechanical butchering machin; West wing (butchering shed) converted to net loft/storage. East wing shortened by in 1906 due to new dyke and railway tracks along the waterfront.
1932 - Remains of the West wing demolished by a windstorm.
1940 - Roofline raised to accommodate additional boiler (boiler house).
1943 - Ice house built (in order to store fish for a longer amount of time).
1940-48 - Various structural modifications and additions related to the herring reduction process: Vitamin oil shed and dryer shed.
1956 - East wing of original building raised to accommodate evaporator. Separator room constructed next to evaporator room.
1964 - Addition of grinding and bagging room off drying shed.
1979 - Gulf of Georgia reduction plant closed, building is used as a net loft.
1994 - Gulf of Georgia Cannery National Historic Site of Canada opens to the public.
Tours.
Accessibility.
The location is wheelchair accessible and offers service in English and French. Parking is available and the location can be reached by public transit. Several Richmond buses, including the 401, the 402, the 407, and the 410, all stop at the Steveston terminus, which is less than from the cannery entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="9681977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9681977" title="Claudiu Keserü">
Claudiu Keserü

Claudiu Andrei Keserü (born 2 December 1986 in Oradea) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Romanian Liga I club Steaua București and former captain of the Romanian national under-21 team. His preferred foot is his left.
Career.
A product of the FC Bihor Oradea Academy, Claudiu Keserü played a season for his hometown club in 15 matches and scored 3 goals in the second Romanian division, Liga II.
Nantes.
In 2003, he was bought in France by Nantes. Initially included in the second team, he was promoted to the first team after a season and debuted in Ligue 1, the top French football division. He played for Nantes four years, and scored 11 goals in 81 matches. He relegated with the club in Ligue 2 in 2007 and promoted back a year later.
Various loans.
In 2008, Keserü was loaned by Nantes to the Ligue 2 side FC Libourne Saint Seurin. For Libourne, he scored 11 goals in 17 matches, but was used more as a substitute. After a season, he was taken back, and then loaned to another Ligue 2 side Tours FC where he scored 7 goals in 12 matches.
Angers.
In 2010, Keserü was loaned by Nantes to the Ligue 2 club, Angers SCO. In his first season spent there, he scored 4 goals in 14 matches, and was bought from Nantes after the end of loan period. He spent three years to Angers, being used as regular. Keserü scored 33 goals in 100 matches for Angers.
Bastia.
Wanted by clubs like Steaua București and Olympiacos Piraeus, Keserü decided to remain in France and signed a deal with Ligue 1 side, SC Bastia. On 31 August 2013, he scored his first goal for Bastia in a 2-1 win over Toulouse. He played 16 matches in Ligue 1, but failed to impress and left the club in the winter of 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="9682021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682021" title="Derrick Byars">
Derrick Byars

Derrick JaVaughn Byars (born April 25, 1984) is an American professional basketball player. Collegiately, he played for Virginia, and later for Vanderbilt. He was drafted 42nd overall in the 2007 NBA Draft.
High school career.
Byars attended Ridgeway High School in Memphis, where he played for head coach Wesley Henning and won two Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA) Class AA State Championships.
As a sophomore (1999–2000), Byars was an honorable-mention All-State selection and led the Roadrunners to the Class AA State Championship. He averaged 16.4 points, 6.5 rebounds and 5.4 assists per game.
As a junior, he again earned honorable mention All-State honors and was named Ridgeway's Most Valuable Player. He averaged 20.5 points, 7.2 rebounds and 5 assists.
As a senior (2001–02), he averaged 23.2 points, 10 rebounds and 4.5 assists and led Ridgeway to its second TSSAA Class AA State Championship in three years. He was a fourth-team Parade All-America selection, the Gatorade Player of the Year in Tennessee, the TSSAA Class AA Tournament Most Valuable Player and first-team All-State.
As impressive as he was on the court, Byars also excelled in the classroom, finishing high school with a 3.9 GPA.
Collegiate career.
Virginia.
Byars played for two seasons under then-head coach Pete Gillen at Virginia. He started 16 of Virginia's 31 games his freshman season (2002–03) and averaged 6.5 points per game. In his sophomore season (2003–04), he started 18 of Virginia's 31 games and averaged 7.5 points per game.
After falling out with Gillen, Byars decided to transfer from Virginia. Vanderbilt emerged as a leading candidate due to Byars' friendships with players on the team and the Commodores' recent run to the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament, but the Commodores had no scholarship positions available. Days before Byars was due to announce his transfer to Mississippi, Vanderbilt reserve guard Adam Payton decided to transfer to William & Mary, freeing up a scholarship for Byars.
He sat out the 2004–05 season as mandated by NCAA rules.
Vanderbilt.
In his junior season (2005–06), Byars started all 30 games and finished second on the team in scoring at 12.4 points per game. He led the team with 3.2 assists per game. He was named SEC Player of the Week (28 November-4 December) after scoring 20 points on 7-of-8 shooting against Oregon on November 30, 2005. A week later, he scored a season-high 25 points (including five 3-pointers) against Cincinnati on December 10, 2005.
In his senior season (2006–07), Byars was named Southeastern Conference Player of the Year by the league's coaches, who also unanimously selected him to their All-SEC first team. He led Vanderbilt to a 22–12 record (SEC East: 10–6, 2nd) and the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. He led the Commodores in scoring with 17.0 points per game and was ranked among the SEC's top 10 in four other statistical categories. During SEC play, Byars averaged 19.1 points per game, second-best in the SEC. He scored 20 points or more eight different times, including a career-high 32 points against South Carolina on February 14, 2007. He followed that performance with 24 points in Vanderbilt's 83–70 victory over then-No. 1 Florida, which earned him SEC player of the week honors for the second time that season.
Byars graduated from Vanderbilt on May 11, 2007 with a degree in sociology.
Professional career.
NBA.
Byars was chosen 42nd overall in the 2007 NBA Draft in the second round by the Portland Trail Blazers. His rights were then traded to the Philadelphia 76ers. He was waived by the 76ers on October 22, 2007. He was on the New Orleans Hornets and Orlando Magic rosters for the 2008 Summer League. Byars return to the NBA Summer League was successful, as he led the Magic in scoring in their first game against the New Jersey Nets with 15 points on 6 of 13 shooting [http://www.nba.com/media/magic/Game_3_Box_Score.pdf]. 
In late September, Byars was signed by the Oklahoma City Thunder where he averaged 4.1 points and 14.8 minutes per game in the preseason.
Byars was invited to the Chicago Bulls' training camp in 2009 but was waived on the opening day of the season, October 28, 2009.
He played for the Bulls in the NBA Summer League in 2010.
Germany.
In December 2007, Byars played in eight games for the Köln 99ers, a Basketball Bundesliga team based in Cologne, Germany, having arrived at the end of October with a foot injury that had to be cured first. He averaged 6.3 points and 18 minutes per game in four games in the ULEB Cup and 3.5 points in another 4 games in the Bundesliga. He was cut from the team again on December 21, 2007.
On November 2, 2009, Byars was introduced as the new small forward for ALBA Berlin.
France.
On January 24, 2008, he was subsequently signed by Chorale Roanne Basket of the Ligue Nationale de Basketball (LNB) in France.
His club finished fourth in the 2007/08 regular season, and lost in the 2008 LNB final against Nancy after beating regular season winner Le Mans in the semi-final. 
Byars averaged 8 points and 3 rebounds in 24 minutes of playing time.
NBA Development League.
Derrick Byars later played in the NBA Developmental League for the Bakersfield Jam. He was named to the 2009 NBA D-League All-Star Game. He returned to the team briefly in 2011.
Greece.
In September 2010, he signed a one-year deal with the Greek club Panellinios Basket.
Return to France.
In August 2011 he signed a one-year contract with Cholet Basket in France. However, he left the club in November, having played only two games, one in Pro A and one in the Euroleague qualifying round.
Return to the NBA.
On December 10, 2011, Byars signed with the Miami Heat. He was however waived before the start of the season. He was then signed by the San Antonio Spurs on April 25, 2012. On August 21, 2012, he was waived by the Spurs.
Return to Germany.
In November 2012, Byars re-signed with Alba Berlin.
Memphis Grizzlies.
In September 2013, Byars joined the Memphis Grizzlies. He was waived by the team on October 6, 2013.
Russia / D-League.
In January 2014, Byars signed with BC Krasny Oktyabr of Russia for the rest of the 2013–14 season. He left before playing in a game for them.
On March 4, 2014, he was re-acquired by the Bakersfield Jam.
Belgium.
On April 12, 2014, Byars signed with Belfius Mons-Hainaut of the Basketball League Belgium for the rest of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9682033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682033" title="Indian Post &amp; Telecommunication Accounts and Finance Service">
Indian Post &amp; Telecommunication Accounts and Finance Service

The Indian Post & Telecommunication Accounts and Finance Service (also known as IP&TAFS) is a Group "A" Central Civil Services of the Union of India. The service was started in the year 1972 for prudent and professional management of the finances of the Department of Posts and Department of Telecommunications which were the sole provider of the communications needs of the country at that time. Gradually, over time the service has crystallized into a professional cadre of over 225 officers. In 2013 through CSE exam 9 officers have been inducted into the cadre.The officers are recruited through the Civil Services Examination organised by the Union Public Service Commission. The Services recruited through Civil Services Examination include IFS, IAS, IPS and Central Services Group "A", viz., IRTS, IRS, IA&AS, IP&TAFS, IRAS, IDAS etc.
History.
After the foundation of Service in 1972, the first batch was recruited in 1974. Mr S.D. Saxena (Retired as Director Finance, BSNL and Ms Ruchira Mukherjee (Ex Adviser Finance), belong to the first batch of 1974. Initial batches of the service were very small in number, however, with growth in Telecom in India need was felt for more number of officers, hence subsequent batches of the service (e.g. 1994, 1995 etc.) were large batches.
Recruitment and induction.
After recruitment through Civil Services Examination, the officers undergo a foundation course with the officers of other services (IAS, IRS, IFS & Central Services Group "A") lasting about 4 months at the National Academy of Direct Taxes at Nagpur. This is followed by a year of rigorous professional training in Financial Management at the National Institute of Financial Management,[http://www.nifm.ac.in/] Faridabad which is a specialised training institute under the Ministry of Finance, Government of India. Thereafter, for further training in Telecom technologies and Postal procedures the officers are deputed for 10 months at National Institute of Communication Finance (NICF) at Ghaziabad (U.P.) In between this classroom training schedules, the officers are also deputed for on job field training in various areas.
After successful completion of training the officers are posted to work in the Department of Post or Department of Telecommunications as Assistant Chief Accounts Officers in the Junior Time Scale Grade.
IP&TAFS has also a Group-B Cadre and Asst Accounts Officers, Accounts Officers and Sr.Accounts Officers are placed under this cadre with All India Service liabilities. These Officers are appointed on promotion selected through a Departmental Examination.
Placements of the Officers.
As in the other Central Services, the officers are liable to be transferred and posted in anywhere in India. Officers from this service are also presently occupying the posts of Director (Finance) on the Board of Directors of prestigious PSUs viz., MTNL, BSNL, NPCIL and ITI. The officers of IP&AFS are working in Department of Telecom, Department of Posts, BSNL, MTNL and various other Ministries and Statutory bodies of Govt of India.
The following officers of IP&TAFS are currently working as Chief Financial Officers in various PSUs of India:-
1. Mr S.D. Saxena, Director Finance, BSNL 
2. Mr Mathew George, Director Finance, ITI working as Member Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission
3. Mrs Anita Son, Director FInance, MTNL(Retired)
4. Mr J.K. Ghai, Pr. CCA, Mumbai
In the Department of Telecommunications the officers are posted at DOT Headquarters as Adviser, Sr DDG, DDG, Directors & ADG. In field units the officers are posted as Controller / Joint Controller of Communication Accounts which is involved in the settlement of pension cases of BSNL Employees, maintaining General Provident Fund accounts of BSNL Employees, collection of License fees and Spectrum Charges from BSNL, MTNL and other service providers and for checking and disbursing claims received under the Universal Service Obligation fund. The amount collected under licensing is approximately Rs.7700 crores for the Financial Year 2004-05. The CCA units also assist in the administration of Universal Service Obligation Fund under the Ministry of Communications & IT for providing telecom service in the rural/remote areas of the country involving (a) planning & forecasting, (b) tendering (c) costing (d) disbursement of support to service providers and (e) monitoring. The collection towards USO for the 10th Plan Period is around Rs. 13000 crores
The officers in BSNL and MTNL are working at the level of Sr DDG / PGM, DDG / GM & Jt DDG / DGM. In field units they are mainly working as head of finance in various Telecom Circles of BSNL & MTNL.
In the Department of Post, the officers from this service are manning the offices of FA / DDG / GM, Director, ADG /Dy Director / ACAO of Postal Accounts located at DOP Headquarters and in all states. The work in these offices mainly comprises maintaining General Provident Fund accounts of the staff employed in a particular postal circle, settlement of pension cases, checking of money order deliveries and NSCs, budgeting and financial control, Internal Audit of Postal Units and rendering financial advice to the concerned Head of the Circle.
Cadre Controlling Authority.
Member Finance, Telecom Commission of India is Cadre Controlling Authority of IP&TAFS, Group "A"& "B". Member Finance is an "ex officio" Secretary to Government of India. Smt Saddhana Dikhsit who was looking after the post of Member Finance is replaced on her retirement by Smt.Annie Moraes who happens to be the first officer of the cadre who is appointed to the post of Member in the Telecom Commission on a regular basis.
Performance of this cadre.
The recruitment to this service is like any other civil service including IAS and IRS where generalists are selected. They are supposed to be specialist in due course of their working. They have contributed significantly to professional management of finance in Department of Post and Telecom.They are assessing and collecting largest share of non tax revenue for government of India.

</doc>
<doc id="9682044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682044" title="Coupe du Togo">
Coupe du Togo

The Coupe du Togo is the top knockout tournament of the Togolese football.
Winners.
since independence.
"unknown winners between 1962 and 1973"
"No cup between 1991 and 1993"
"No cup between 1997 and 1998"

</doc>
<doc id="9682050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682050" title="Angleton High School">
Angleton High School

Angleton High School is a public high school located in the city of Angleton, Texas, in Brazoria County, United States and classified as a 5A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Angleton Independent School District located in south central Brazoria County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Several previous school locations were destroyed by hurricanes. The high school was once located in what is now Central Elementary, as well as the former Angleton Intermediate School. The recently built high school is located at 1 Campus Dr. on the outskirts of Angleton. The varsity football stadium and baseball field is located next to Angleton High School.
Traditions.
Academic Honor Code.
At the start of the 2013-2014 school year Angleton High School implemented the following Academic Honor Code.
Athletics.
The Angleton Wildcats compete in these sports - 
Volleyball, Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Swimming (sport), Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Baseball & Softball
Band.
The Angleton High School Marching Band is known as the "Purple Pride".
Controversy.
In February 2008, some students from Angleton High School sawed off and stole the swords from in front of Brazoswood High School in an effort to perform a memorable high school prank. It's a heated high school rivalry, and officials soon realized who was responsible. For the past 20 years the swords have stood at the entrance of Brazoswood High School. They are a symbol of pride for the Buccaneers. That pride was damaged as students arrived at school finding the swords missing. The display where they once stood was wrapped in purple tape. Purple is Angleton's color. A series of text messages helped Clute police track the three 17 year olds down. They found the swords at one of their homes. The swords were taken back to the school and welded back in their rightful place, and they continue to stand at the entrance to Brazoswood High School to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="9682060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682060" title="Upland Hills School">
Upland Hills School

Upland Hills School, founded in 1971, is an independent school community whose purpose is to educate pre-high school children. The school's aim is to discover and respect the uniqueness of every child.
Location.
Upland Hills School is located in northern Oakland County on of woods and rolling meadows in Oxford, Michigan. The school is surrounded by the Upland Hills Ecological Awareness Center, Upland Hills Farm and Bald Mountain Recreation Area.
Upland Hills School is an independent school founded (1971) by parents who were determined to co-create a school that protected, fostered, defended and nurtured the creativity and wonder of childhood. Inspired by the collective works of R. Buckminster Fuller and J. Krishnamurti the school is devoted to thinking in whole systems and developing tools for self-awareness. The curriculum of the school embraces the theory of Multiple Intelligences and uses a developmental approach pioneered by Jean Piaget, Lawrence Kohlberg, and Susanne Cook-Greuter. The school started experimenting with alternative energy in 1973 and has continued to develop an ecologically sustainable curriculum using tools and artifacts to demonstrate the effectiveness of working with nature's design.
In 2010 the school installed 40 PV solar panels that generate over 10 KW of electrical energy moving it a step closer to becoming a net energy school.
Affiliations.
UHS is a member of the Association of Independent Michigan Schools (AIMS) and the National Coalition of Alternative Community Schools and has affiliations with the Buckminster Fuller Institute, The Starkey Hearing Foundation, and the Independent Schools Association of the Central States (ISACS).

</doc>
<doc id="9682086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682086" title="Kozah, Togo">
Kozah, Togo

Kozah is a prefecture located in the Kara Region of Togo.

</doc>
<doc id="9682096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682096" title="Basi">
Basi

Basi is a fermented alcoholic beverage made from sugarcane produced in the Philippines and Guyana.
Philippines.
Basi is the local beverage of Ilocos in northern Luzon in San Ildefonso where it has been consumed since before the Spanish conquest. In the Philippines, commercial basi is produced by first crushing sugarcane and extracting the juice. The juice is boiled in vats and then stored in earthen jars. Once the juice has cooled, flavorings made of ground glutinous rice and duhat (java plum) bark or other fruits or barks is added. The jars are then sealed with banana leaves and allowed to ferment for several years. The resulting drink is pale red in color. If fermented longer, it turns into "suka" or vinegar.
The 1807 Basi Revolt in Piddig, Ilocos Norte, occurred when the Philippines' Spanish rulers effectively banned private manufacture of the beverage. A Basi festival is held annually in Naguilian, La Union.
Guyana.
Basi is produced by first cutting sugar cane into small pieces. The cane is then placed into a container with refined sugar, water, and yeast for a minimum of nine days. Finally, the beverage is strained and bottled.
200th anniversary of the Basi Revolt.
On April 31, 2012, San Ildefonso, Ilocos Sur officials (Governor Deogracias Victor “"DV"” Savellano and Rep. Ronald Singson) commemorated the “"basi revolt".” Recently, the Sangguniang Bayan of San Ildefonso approved a resolution declaring September 16 as a non-working holiday and named the old road in Gongogong as Ambaristo street in honor Pedro Ambaristo, leader of the Basi Revolt. Mayor Christian Purisima enrolled basi as their entry into the “"One Town; One Product"” (OTOP) program of Savellano.

</doc>
<doc id="9682152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682152" title="Dwight Foster (1828–1884)">
Dwight Foster (1828–1884)

Dwight Foster (December 13, 1828April 18, 1884) was an American lawyer and politician from Massachusetts. He served as Massachusetts Attorney General and was an Associate Justice on the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court.
Early life.
Foster was born in Worcester, Worcester County, Massachusetts and attended the common schools there and completed preparatory studies in Newport, Rhode Island. He graduated from Yale College in 1848, where he was a member of Skull and Bones. He was admitted to the bar in Massachusetts the following year, and attended Harvard Law School in 1851. He began the practice of law in Worcester.
Career.
In 1854, he served in the Massachusetts State Militia and was Governor Emory Washburn's aide-de-camp. Foster held various positions in the government in Massachusetts, including probate judge. In 1864, he moved to Boston, Massachusetts and was elected Massachusetts Attorney General, serving from 1861–1864. He returned to practicing law until 1866 when he was appointed Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court by Governor Alexander Bullock.
After leaving office he served as Associate Counsel for the New England Mutual Life Insurance Company. 
Foster died on April 18, 1884 in Boston, Massachusetts, and is interred in the Rural Cemetery in Worcester.
Family life.
Foster was the son of Alfred Dwight Foster (1800–1852) and Lydia Stiles. His father was a representative on the Massachusetts General Court and was involved with various civic organizations including the Worcester town council, Massachusetts Governor's Council, Leicester Academy, Amherst College, the State Lunatic Asylum, and the State Reform School. Foster married Henrietta Perkins Baldwin
(1830-1910), the daughter of Connecticut Governor & U.S. Senator Roger Sherman Baldwin. They had eight children: Burnside Foster, Emily B. Foster, Mary Rebecca Foster, Henrietta Baldwin Foster, Roger Sherman Baldwin Foster, Reginald Foster and Elizabeth Skinner Foster. Their son Roger Sherman Baldwin Foster (1857–1924) was a prominent lawyer. 
His grandfather, Judge Dwight Foster (1757–1823), was a Representative and a Senator from Massachusetts; born in Brookfield, Worcester County, Mass., December 7, 1757; completed preparatory studies and graduated from Brown University, Providence, R.I., in 1774; studied law; admitted to the bar in 1778 and commenced practice in Providence, R.I.; justice of the peace for Worcester County 1781–1823; special justice of the court of common pleas 1792; sheriff of Worcester County 1792; member, State house of representatives 1791–1792; elected to the Third and to the three succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1793, to June 6, 1800, when he resigned; chairman, Committee on Claims (Fourth through Sixth Congresses); delegate to the State constitutional convention in 1799; elected to the United States Senate as a Federalist to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Samuel Dexter and served from June 6, 1800, to March 2, 1803, when he resigned; chief justice of the court of common pleas 1801–1811; member, State house of representatives 1808–1809; member of the Governor’s council and held other state and local offices chief justice of Worcester County, Massachusetts, a member of the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention, the Massachusetts State Legislature, and the Massachusetts Executive Council, and was a U.S. senator serving as a Federalist from 1800 to 1803.
His great uncle Theodore Foster was a Senator from Rhode Island; born in Brookfield, Worcester County, Mass., April 29, 1752; pursued classical studies and graduated from Rhode Island College (now Brown University), Providence, R.I., in 1770; studied law; admitted to the bar about 1771 and commenced practice in Providence, R.I.; town clerk of Providence 1775–1787; member, State house of representatives 1776–1782; appointed judge of the court of admiralty in May 1785; appointed Naval Officer of Customs for the district of Providence, R.I., 1790; appointed to the United States Senate in 1790; elected in 1791 and again in 1797 as a Federalist and served from June 7, 1790, to March 3, 1803; was not a candidate for reelection in 1802; retired from public life and engaged in writing and historical research; member, State house of representatives 1812–1816; trustee of Brown University 1794–1822. 

</doc>
<doc id="9682162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682162" title="Darien (Metro-North station)">
Darien (Metro-North station)

The Darien Metro-North Railroad station serves the residents of Darien, Connecticut via the New Haven Line. It is 37.7 miles from Grand Central Terminal. A small station house is located on the north side of the tracks (New York City-bound side). The station is wheelchair accessible, with elevators at the east end, near the Boston Post Road.
The station is located downtown at the intersection of the Post Road (U.S. Route 1, the town's main thoroughfare) and West Avenue. A small bus-stop shelter is located on the Boston Post Road at the southeast corner of the station (near the New Haven-bound tracks) for buses going along the Post Road into Stamford. Across the Post Road, buses can be boarded for trips into Norwalk. In the small parking lot around the station house, a Connecticut Transit Stamford bus on Bus Route 42 takes passengers along West Avenue and Glenbrook Road into the Glenbrook section of Stamford. Taxis regularly wait for passengers in the small parking lot adjacent to the New Haven-bound tracks. Entrances and exits to Interstate 95 are on Tokeneke Road (Exit 12) and the Boston Post Road (Exit 11).
Station parking.
Several parking lots on both sides of the tracks serve the station with a total of 860 spaces. The state owns the parking lots nearest the Post Road and on the west (south) side of the tracks between the Post Road and Leroy Avenue (with 195 spaces). The town owns the "Leroy West" parking lot west of Leroy Avenue (toward New York City). The parking lot at the corner of West and Leroy Avenues is privately owned. 
Within walking distance.
The downtown has a typical variety of retail stores and businesses, with drug stores, banks, restaurants and coffee shops within a 10-minute walk of the station, on either side of the tracks. On the New Haven-bound side of the tracks, Tokeneke Road (Connecticut Route 136) is across the street from the Post Road; and the three-story Darien Library (which moved in late 2008 from Leroy Avenue) is a 10- to 15-minute walk from the station on the Boston Post Road; small office buildings can be found on Thorndale Circle (near the town library), on Tokeneke Road and Old Kings Highway South, just off of Tokeneke Road, a block from the station. On the New York City-bound side of the tracks, a shopping plaza with a supermarket can be found off of Mechanic Street, the roadway across the Post Road from the station. Tilley Pond Park, with park benches, picnic tables and a covered stone gazebo looking out to the pond, is located across West Avenue. 
History.
Downtown Darien, originally known as "Darien Depot", grew up around the train station, replacing the Noroton commercial district (2–3 miles to the east, along the Post Road) by the 1870s. By then, the train connection to New York City allowed wealthy New Yorkers to build vacation homes along the shore, beginning Darien's history as a wealthy suburb. 
In the 1890s, the railroad tracks were raised above the street level, creating the railroad bridges over the Post Road, which marks the east side of the station, and over Leroy Avenue, at the western end. A Chinese laundry business has been located near the station since the 1890s, operated by various owners.
The historic station building was rehabilitated in 2002. "In general, the station is in good condition with one major exception," according to the January 2007 "Darien Train Station Visual Inspection Report" prepared by the Connecticut Department of Transportation. "Illumination installed under the rehabilitation contract is substandard." The department has reached an agreement with the manufacturer of the lights to replace them.
In recent years the town government of Darien has been collecting parking revenue from the station, which has gone into an improvement fund. As of 2007, the town received revenues of about $100,000 from both stations in Darien.
Platform and track configuration.
This station has two high-level side platforms, each 10 cars long. The northern platform, adjacent to Track 3, is generally used by westbound trains. The southern platform, adjacent to Track 4, is generally used by eastbound trains.
The New Haven Line has four tracks at this location. The two inner tracks, not adjacent to either platform, are used only by express trains.

</doc>
<doc id="9682188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682188" title="Abe Station">
Abe Station


</doc>
<doc id="9682191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682191" title="Florida Atlantic Owls baseball">
Florida Atlantic Owls baseball

The Florida Atlantic Owls are the college baseball team of Florida Atlantic University which plays its home games at FAU Baseball Stadium.
Fielding its first team in 1981, the Florida Atlantic University baseball team has experienced frequent success, shared respect from other baseball teams nation-wide and the building of a mid-major power in NCAA baseball.
As of the 2010 season, the Owls have had 12 consecutive winning seasons. Additionally, the Owls have had only four losing seasons in 30 years of competition.
Overview and history.
Florida Atlantic University's baseball program began in 1981 and has seen success, growth and change in its 26 seasons of competition. Among the changes, the most noticeable to fans would be the change of the team name in 2005. University President Frank T. Brogan led the charge for the university to create a unified, single mark for FAU's athletic programs. The student-body decided "Owls" should be the athletic logo and in 2005, the baseball team lost its previous identity of "Blue Wave." Over the 30 years of competition, FAU baseball has jumped from NAIA, to NCAA Division II, to NCAA Division I competition, and has reached success on all levels.
Steve Traylor Era: The Beginning.
Under its first coach and first year of competition, FAU won its inaugural game, 12-8, against St. Thomas University on February 23, 1981. Steve Traylor coached FAU from 1981–1987 and oversaw the building of a program from scratch. After only three years of existence, FAU jumped from the NAIA level to the NCAA Division II level. If there was any doubts about this young program belonging on that level, its very first season would prove any doubters wrong. The Blue Wave opened the 1984 season with a win against in-state super-power University of Florida Gators, 5-4. FAU continued to win its first five games of the season, including another major upset, this time on the road at another in-state super-power, defeating University of Miami Hurricanes, 11-10. The Blue Wave finished the 1984 season with a record of 40-15, ranked 8th in the nation in the final NCAA Division II poll.
Kevin Cooney Era: Division I and National Success.
During the offseason between 1987 and 1988, Steve Traylor left Florida Atlantic to become the head coach at Duke University. FAU hired Kevin Cooney, head coach of Montclair State University in New Jersey. Since the hiring, FAU has won 61% of their games and transformed itself from a local power in South Florida to a national baseball program on the Division I level. Coach Cooney arrived at FAU in 1988 and began his 20th season as head coach of the Owls on opening night of the 2007 season. Given the success and unprecedented heights that Cooney has taken FAU baseball, "Florida Atlantic" and "Kevin Cooney" have become synoymous with one another. Entering the 2007 season, Cooney has won 680 games (at FAU) and 820 (all-time, between FAU and Montclair State University, his alma mater and where he coached from 1984–1987).
In his 19+ seasons in Boca Raton, Cooney has established a powerhouse program at a university that continues to grow. Cooney has led the charge for FAU baseball to enjoy such successes as, 67 athletes turning professional (with 4 reaching the majors). For these accolades and so much more, Cooney was inducted into the Palm Beach County Sports Hall of Fame in 2007.
On March 15, 2006, against Columbia University, Cooney reached a personal milestone, coaching a team to his 800th career victory.
On Thursday, April 24, 2008, Coach Kevin Cooney announced that the 2008 season would be his last season as head coach of the Owls. Subsequently, on May 24, exactly two months after this announcement, Coach Cooney coached his last game as FAU head coach when the Owls lost to Western Kentucky in the play-in championship game of the Sun Belt Conference Championship Tournament.
All-time consecutive wins record.
During the improbable 1999 season, when FAU finished with a school-best record of 54-9, Coach Kevin Cooney led his team to an NCAA all-time record for consecutive wins. Starting February 19, in a 7-4 win over Bethune-Cookman College, the Blue Wave continued on to 34 consecutive wins. The streak lasted all the way to March 17, when Jacksonville University topped FAU, 2-1. The streak ended two days short of lasting two complete calendar months.
March to 800.
Cooney's milestone wins:
John McCormack Era: Sooner Than Five Years.
On July 1, 2008, Florida Atlantic named 18-year Assistant Coach, John McCormack, as Cooney's successor. McCormack served as Cooney's top assistant, associate head coach and recruiting coordinator for the 18 seasons before being elevated as head coach. With the foundation laid by Cooney, McCormack leads the Owls under intense pressure and high expectations. During his interview for the head coaching position, he detailed his so-called "Five Year Plan" for the Owls to reach the College World Series. His plan was met with the following response from Athletic Director Craig Angelos: "It has to be sooner than that."
Individual records and honors.
FAU Baseball Hall of Fame.
In 2006, Florida Atlantic University inducted the first class to its new FAU Baseball Hall of Fame.
2003.
NCAA Regional (Coral Gables, FL)
2004.
NCAA Regional (Coral Gables, FL)
2005.
NCAA Regional (Coral Gables, FL)
2010.
NCAA Regional (Gainesville, FL)
2013.
NCAA Regional (Chapel Hill, NC)
Professional Owls.
Owls in the majors.
Florida Atlantic Owls to reach Major League Baseball:
Owls in the minors.
Florida Atlantic Owls currently playing in Minor League Baseball (as of the 2007 season) who have been selected in the First-Year Player Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="9682219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682219" title="Botsford, Connecticut">
Botsford, Connecticut

Botsford is a neighborhood or section in the town of Newtown in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. The town of Newtown has one political body, but consists of multiple geographic subdivisions.
Robert Winkler, naturalist and author of "Going Wild: Adventures with Birds in the Suburban Wilderness", is a resident.

</doc>
<doc id="9682230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682230" title="Advice and Reform Committee">
Advice and Reform Committee

The Advice and Reform Committee or Advice and Reformation Committee (ARC) () was the London office of what is now called al-Qaeda from 1994 until the arrest of Khalid al-Fawwaz in 1998. The indictment of Osama bin Laden, al-Fawwaz, and 19 others reads in part
On or about July 11, 1994, the defendant OSAMA BIN LADEN created the London office of al Qaeda, naming it the “Advice and Reformation Committee” and placing the defendant KHALID AL FAWWAZ in charge;
and in part
In or about 1994, the defendant OSAMA BIN LADEN, working together with KHALID AL FAWWAZ, a/k/a “Khaled Abdul Rahman Hamad al Fawwaz,” a/k/a “Abu Omar," a/k/a “Hamad,” set up a media information office in London, England (hereafter the “London office”), which was designed both to publicize the statements of OSAMA BIN LADEN and to provide a cover for activity in support of al Qaeda’s “military” activities, including the recruitment of military trainees, the disbursement of funds and the procurement of necessary equipment (including satellite telephones) and necessary services. In addition, the London office served as a conduit for messages, including reports on military and security matters from various al Qaeda cells, including the Kenyan cell, to al Qaeda’s headquarters.
Bin Laden wrote several documents which he signed on behalf of ARC: his 1994 diatribe against Saudi Grand Mufti Abdul-Aziz bin Baz, and a 1995 reaction to the arrest of some clerics in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="9682235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682235" title="Kurt Van Dooren">
Kurt Van Dooren

Kurt Van Dooren (born 3 August 1978) is a Belgian football player currently playing for K.S.K. Heist.

</doc>
<doc id="9682271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682271" title="Charles Gray (musician)">
Charles Gray (musician)

Charles Gray is an American musician, best known for his tenure as the guitarist for the Orange County rock band The Aquabats, of which he served as a member from 1994 to 2000 under the stage name of Ultra Kyu and later The Mysterious Kyu (pronounced as the letter Q).
Although Gray was listed as a member of The Aquabats on their 1996 debut album "The Return of the Aquabats", he didn't record with the band until their subsequent release, 1997's "The Fury of the Aquabats!". Gray remained a member of The Aquabats until his departure in 2000. Afer Aquabats, Gray continued playing with various bands and is currently pursuing a career in opera in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9682283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682283" title="Malian Cup">
Malian Cup

The Malian Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Malien football.

</doc>
<doc id="9682293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682293" title="Cranbury (Norwalk)">
Cranbury (Norwalk)

Cranbury is a neighborhood or section in the northeast corner of the city of Norwalk in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.
The Save Cranbury Association, a local community group, describes itself as an "association of citizens dedicated to the preservation of the historical, rural quality of Cranbury area of Norwalk".
Cranbury Park.
Cranbury Park, almost in size (or , accounts differ), is located in the neighborhood. 
Dog walking and frisbee playing is popular in the park (there is a full frisbee golf course), and there is a children's playground. The park also features many trails.
The property had been the estate of Edward B. Gallaher, owner (since 1917)() of the Clover Manufacturing Company on Main Avenue, which made industrial abrasives such as sandpaper. He began buying the land, which was previously farmland owned by different families, in the 1919s.)<Norwalk land record, vol. 163 p. 468=bot/>) After Gallaher's death, the property was left to his alma mater, Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, New Jersey, which continued to own it while Gallaher's wife lived there. After she died, the institute sold it to the city in 1965. The Gallaher mansion, still on the property, is a 20-room, Tudor Revival-style English fieldstone manor house built in 1930 or 1931 (ref May 5, 2010 Connecticut State Register of Historic Places, Hartford 468=bot/>). The mansion, which is now used for community meetings and weddings, has oak paneling, French doors and stained glass windows.
In May 2006 the city Recreation and Parks Committee held a public hearing on proposed rules to restrict unleashed dogs to the orchard area of the park. The hearing drew strong opposition and the proposal was tabled. Spurred initially by the leash controversy, Friends of Cranbury Park formed that month both to support keeping many areas open to unleashed dogs and to improve the park in general. In July 2006 the group planted more than 50 perennials, including butterfly and Rose-of-Sharon bushes, to create a butterfly garden in the park.
A new entrance and exit to the park, lined with daffodils planted by volunteers the previous October, were opened in May 2007. Near the new front gates, the city plans to make a partially refurbished pump house into an information center where a person will be assigned to track visitors and alert them to park regulations. One of the former entrances to the park, on Grumman Avenue, will become an exit, according to city officials. The Kensett Avenue entrance was to be closed and only used for emergencies or large events. Officials of the city Parks and Recreation Department said in early 2007 that it plans to restore the estate's formal gardens and small, tea house.
In 2008, Friends of Cranbury Park and the city Recreation and Parks Department announced classes would be offered at the park on such subjects as dog obedience, Frisbee, yoga, tai chi, watercolor painting and photography.
White Barn Theatre.
The late actress Lucille Lortel founded The White Barn Theatre in 1947 on her estate at the corner of Cranbury Road and Newtown Avenue.
With the theater, created from an old horse barn on the estate, Lortel aimed to present unusual and experimental plays, promote new playwrights, composers, actors, directors and designers, and help established artists develop new directions in ways they might not have been able to do in commercial theater.
Plays by numerous well-known dramatists started at the 148-seat theater (some of which went on to commercial success elsewhere). Among the playwrights who premiered works at the theater were Sean O'Casey, Eugène Ionesco, Edward Albee, Samuel Beckett, Terrence McNally and Lanford Wilson. Actors Milo O'Shea and Eileen Heckart trod the boards at the theater.
On September 26, 1992 the White Barn Theatre Museum was set up by expanding and renovating a former small storage area off of the theater.
Lortel bequeathed the property to her theater foundation, which later proposed putting a housing development and possibly a school on the site, something opposed by members of the Save Cranbury Association.
The Connecticut Friends School, which bought the property and received zoning approval to construct a new school building on it, planned (as of the summer of 2007) to keep and renovate the theater.
Connecticut Friends School.
In July 2007 the Connecticut Friends School (CFS) of neighboring Wilton, Connecticut received zoning approval to build a new school on the site of the White Barn Theatre and Lucille Lortell's estate. as of late July, the school needed a building permit in order to proceed.
The school would be in size and would have a "vegetative roof", solar panels, and be built around a hill, which was expected to decrease heating and cooling costs. The building would be set back more than from the pond on the property and of the site would be preserved as open space in perpetuity. A co-director of the Save Cranbury Association, created by area residents who were concerned about potential use of the property, told the city Zoning Commission in 2007 that she supported the school's move. The building would cover 3.09 percent of the property, although zoning in the AA residence zone it is located in allows for 25 percent coverage. Only four or five schools in the city have as much land as the school.
The school is designed to serve a maximum of 125 students, and the traffic analysis, septic system and space for parking are all planned with that level of enrollment in mind. As of 2007, the school provided one small bus for students.

</doc>
<doc id="9682312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682312" title="Johann VII, Duke of Mecklenburg">
Johann VII, Duke of Mecklenburg

Johann VII of Mecklenburg (7 March 1558 – 22 March 1592) (sometimes called Johann V, and usually translated to John VII or John V) was a Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
Johann was the son of John Albert I, Duke of Mecklenburg-Güstrow and Schwerin (1525–1576), and his wife Duchess Anna Sophia of Prussia (1527–1591). He was eighteen years old when his father died. A regency council was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
The regency handed over the actual rule of his territories to him in 1585. He immediately faced problems he was ill-equipped to deal with, including massive debt and his uncle Christopher's demands for territorial concessions. After an especially harsh argument with his uncle, he committed suicide.
Since suicides could not be buried in hallowed ground, a story was concocted which alleged that Johann had been killed by the devil as part of a pact with two women from Schwerin. The women were questioned: Katharina Wankelmuth, who died from the effects of torture, and Magdalena Rukitz, who was burned at the stake. Their condemnation as witches cleared the way for Johann's burial in Schwerin Cathedral.
Marriage and children.
On 17 February 1588 Johann married Sophia (1 June 1569 – 14 November 1634), a daughter of Adolf, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp, and his wife Christine of Hesse. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="9682314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682314" title="Edmond Thieffry">
Edmond Thieffry

Edmond Thieffry (28 September 1892 – 11 April 1929) was a Belgian First World War air ace and aviation pioneer. He made, with Léopold Roger and Jef de Bruycker, the first successful flight between Belgium and Congo (then the Belgian Congo).
First World War.
Thieffry was born in Etterbeek, a municipality of Brussels, and went on to study law in Leuven (hence his nickname "The Flying Judge"). After qualifying he was conscripted into the Belgian Army, joining the 10th Regiment in 1913. At the start of the First World War he saw service as a staff attaché to General Leman, but was captured by the Germans. He escaped on a stolen motorcycle to the neutral territory of the Netherlands, where he was arrested by Dutch military police. Using his legal knowledge and Dutch language skills he managed to talk his way out of internment, and travelled to Antwerp to rejoin the Belgian army.
In 1915, Thieffry joined the "Compagnie des Ouvries et Aérostiers"—the Belgian Army Air Corps—and with some difficulty qualified as a pilot at Étampes. On 1 February 1916 he joined the 3rd Squadron as an observer for artillery, where he was appreciated for his exactitude and courage. He crash-landed so many aircraft that he was promptly assigned to a single-seat fighter squadron, as no one would fly with him! He was rapidly transferred to 5th Squadron (The Comets) under Captain Jules Dony based at De Panne in December 1916.
His first confirmed victory was on 15 March 1917, flying a Nieuport 11. His second followed eight days later above Gistel, and his third on 12 May above Houthulst. His fourth was on 14 June—an Albatros D.III above Westende. The 5th Squadron then relocated to Les Moëres, and was equipped with Nieuport 17s. Thieffry gained official status as an "ace" when he shot down two German fighters over Diksmuide on 3 July. In August he received the first SPAD VII fighter in the Belgian Air Force, bought by the Belgian prince. He gained three more victories with it.
On 31 August his aircraft was badly damaged by two German Albatros D.V fighters, but he managed to land behind the Belgian lines. He continued to fight and he claimed his 10th and last confirmed kill on 10 October 1917. He also had five 'probable' kills. This placed him third on the list of Belgian aces, behind Willy Coppens and André de Meulemeester. Shortly afterwards he was shot down and wounded by return fire from a German two-seater aircraft of "FAA 227" over Kortrijk on 23 February 1918. He spent the rest of the war as a prisoner of war in Germany. He tried to escape on 13 April 1918 but was caught ten days later.
Flight to Congo.
At the end of the war Thieffry returned to Brussels by way of Switzerland, arriving home on 6 December 1918. He returned to his practice as a lawyer, but remained active in aviation, being one of the founders of Sabena in 1923. He then devised a plan to inaugurate an air link between Belgium and the Belgian Congo. At the start of 1925 he obtained permission from the government for this hazardous flight. Sabena supplied a Handley Page W8f, which Thieffry named "Princesse Marie-José", after getting the support of his friend King Albert.
He left from Brussels (presumably from Haren airfield, the present national airport would only be created in 1940 at Melsbroek, its Zaventem terminal dates from 1956) on 12 February 1925, with mechanic Joseph "Jef" de Bruycker and co-pilot Léopold Roger, heading for N'Dolo airfield at Leopoldville (now Kinshasa). Thieffry himself acted as navigator. The flight plan called for stops at Marseille, Oran, Colomb-Bechar, Gao, Fort-Lamy, Bangui and Coquilhatville, and should have taken seven days. However strong adverse winds and a broken propeller meant that it took 51 days. Finally on 3 April, after 8,200 kilometres, they arrived at Leopoldville. The first air connection was made, and Thieffry returned to a hero's welcome in Belgium.
He made two further attempts to reach Congo. The first on 9 March 1928 in an ACAZ C.2 with Joseph Lang and Philippe Quersin, did not get any further than Philippeville. The second on 26 June in a Stampe et Vertongen RSV.22-180, again with Philippe Quersin, also failed, this time ending in a marsh at Clapier, near Vauvert. Thieffry then developed a plan to set up an internal air service in Congo. During his second test flight in Congo on 11 April 1929, flying Avimeta C.92, Thieffry, with fellow flyer Gaston Julien, was killed in a crash close to Lake Tanganyika (only a mechanic survived). He was 36 years old. It would be another 10 years before a regular air service was established between Brussels and Kinshasa.

</doc>
<doc id="9682321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682321" title="Philippine Senate election, 1963">
Philippine Senate election, 1963

A senatorial election was held on November 12, 1963 in the Philippines. The 1963 elections were known as a midterm election as the date when the elected officials take office falls halfway through President Diosdado Macapagal's four-year term.
The Liberal Party finally wins control of the chamber after having ten seats out of the 24-member Senate, with the 2-member Grand Alliance (the old Progressive Party) caucusing with them. Ferdinand Marcos was later elected Senate President a few months after the Senate convened.

</doc>
<doc id="9682322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682322" title="Marcarius of Friuli">
Marcarius of Friuli

Marcarius was the Duke of Friuli from 776 to 787. He was the first Friulian duke appointed by Charlemagne after the rebellion of the Lombard Hrodgaud. He was probably not a Lombard. He played a minor part in the Schism of the Three Chapters.
When the bishop of Istria, Maurice, was arrested and his eyes gouged out by the Byzantine authorities for allegedly stirring up the populace to desert Byzantium for the Frankish Empire, Pope Hadrian I received him in Rome before sending him to the court of Marcarius in Friuli. Hadrian also sent a letter to Charlemagne asking him to send Marcarius against Byzantine Istria to reinstall Maurice in his see.
Marcarius was succeeded by Eric, a faithful of Charlemagne.

</doc>
<doc id="9682325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682325" title="Gil Puyat">
Gil Puyat

Gil J. Puyat (September 1, 1907 – March 23, 1980) was a Filipino businessman and politician who served as a Senator of the Philippines from 1951, and as Senate President from 1967 to 1972.
Education.
Having been exposed to the world of business, Puyat was inevitably drawn to a course in commerce for his higher education. This he pursued at the University of the Philippines where he topped his class. Even as a student, he was already immersed in intricate operations of finance and expense, of capital and production, and of management labor handling.
Early career.
He became a member of the Rotary Club of Manila at about the same time that he was also a young professor of economics at the University of the Philippines. Puyat's skill in managing the family business caught the eye of the late President Manuel L. Quezon. At the time, the country was predominantly agricultural in activity and the President was advocating industrialization. Quezon named the young Puyat as dean of the College of Business Administration at the University of the Philippines when he was 33, becoming the youngest dean the UP ever had. An active member of international trades bodies, he acquired international stature in business. The Business Writers’ Association of the Philippines voted him "Business Leader of the Year" in 1948 and the Association of Red Feather Agencies voted him "Civic Leader of the Year" in 1949. 
In 1953, he received a plaque from the Community Chest of Greater Manila for “ outstanding services as one of the founders, first president and first campaign fund chairman “ of the body. The Philippine Institute of Public Opinion (PIPO) awarded him a certificate of honor for demonstrating national leadership in business, economics, the civic and political fields and for his distinguished service to the youth. 
Political career.
In the Philippine midterm elections of 1951, he was elected Senator and he served in the Philippine Senate until its closure by Martial Law in 1972. From 1967 he was the Senate President.
As a legislator, Puyat created a sensation unmarked in political history by his reforms and innovations involving the dispensation of the controversial public works funds.
Business activities.
He is founder of Manila Banking Corporation (now Chinabank Savings Bank), Manila Bankers Life Insurance Corporation and the Loyola Group of Companies. The Loyola Group of Companies is composed of Loyola Plans Consolidated Inc., Group Developers Inc. and Loyola Memorial Chapels and Crematorium Inc.
He founded Loyola Plans Consolidated Inc. in 1968 and today it is the oldest Pre-need Company in continuous operation. Group Developers pioneered the concept of memorial parks in the Philippines with its two signature memorial parks in Marikina and Sucat. Loyola Memorial Chapels was the first to use modern cremation technology in the Philippines. Loyola Memorial Chapels has six branches: Commonwealth Avenue Quezon City, 20th Avenue Cubao Quezon City, Marikina, Guadalupe Makati City, Sucat Rd Paranaque City and Los Banos Laguna.
Family background.
Puyat is the third child of Philippine Pioneer Industrialist Gonzalo Puyat and Nicasia Juco. He was trained early in life by his father, Don Gonzalo, in the trade of manufacturing billiard tables and bowling alleys. Eventually, he assisted in managing the family business of Gonzalo Puyat & Sons, the brand holder of AMF-Puyat, Puyat Steel, and Puyat Vinyl.
Puyat was married to Eugenia Guidote, an accountant and pioneer member of the Philippine Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA), and a trained opera singer (soprano). They had seven children – Gil, Jr. (deceased), Vicente (deceased), Antonio, Victor, Jesusa, Alfonso and Eugenia, Jr.
Death.
In 1978, he was invested as a member of the Order of St. Gregory the Great. He died, 2 years later, on March 23, 1980 due to complications of an asthma attack.
Buendia Avenue, which was formerly named after the Commonwealth Era senator and Aglipayano Nicolas Buendia, is now named after him, but most people tend to use the original name of the road.

</doc>
<doc id="9682330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682330" title="William Worthy">
William Worthy

William Worthy, Jr. (July 7, 1921 – May 4, 2014) was an African-American journalist, civil rights activist, and dissident who pressed his right to travel regardless of U.S. State Department regulations.
Education.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Worthy is a graduate of Boston Latin High School, and received a B.A. degree in sociology from Bates College, Lewiston, Maine, in 1942. Worthy was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University, class of 1957.
Right to travel controversies.
Worthy traveled to China (1956–57) and Cuba (1961) in violation of United States State Department travel regulations. At the time he entered China, Worthy was the first American reporter to visit and broadcast from there since the country's communist revolution in 1949. While in China Worthy interviewed Samuel David Hawkins, an American soldier who was captured by the Chinese during the Korean War and defected to China in 1953. His passport was seized upon his return to the U.S. from China and American lawyers Leonard Boudin and William Kunstler represented Worthy in an unsuccessful lawsuit seeking the return of his passport. Without a passport, Worthy traveled to Cuba in the early days of Fidel Castro to report on the Cuban revolution, and upon his return to the U.S. he was tried and convicted for "returning to the United States without a valid passport." Worthy was again represented by Kunstler, who successfully persuaded a federal appeals court to overturn Worthy's conviction. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit found the restrictions unconstitutional. The court held that the government could not make it a crime under the Constitution to return home without a passport. Years later, Kunstler wrote in his autobiography, "My Life As A Radical Lawyer", that the Worthy passport case was his "first experience arguing an issue about which I felt passionate," was the "first time I had ever invalidated a statute," and that success "confirmed my faith in the justice system."
Folksinger Phil Ochs wrote a song called "The Ballad of William Worthy" about Worthy's trip to Cuba and its consequences.
The Committee for the Freedom of William Worthy was formed in 1962 and was chaired by A. Phillip Randolph and Bishop D. Ward Nichols.
Worthy was a conscientious objector in World War II, and in 1954 he voiced early opposition to American involvement in Vietnam after he visited Indo-China in 1953.
Civil rights activist.
During the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, Worthy was a civil rights activist, and in the early 1960s he was an outspoken critic of the civil rights movement for not going far enough to achieve civil rights in housing and all areas of American life. William Worthy was one of the most important political allies of Malcolm X. In the late 1960s, Worthy organized a rent strike against a Catholic hospital in New York City that attempted to tear down Worthy's apartment building and turn it into a parking lot. Worthy later wrote about those experiences in a critically acclaimed book, "The Rape of Our Neighborhoods," published in 1976.
The late psychologist, Kenneth B. Clark, said of Worthy: "The Bill Worthys of our society provide the moral fuel necessary to prevent the flickering conscience of our society from going out."
Journalism.
Worthy was a reporter for the Baltimore Afro-American on and off from 1953 to 1980. He wrote a column and covered revolutions in Iran, Cuba, and China. Although a supporter of Malcolm X, he was critical of the Black Panthers in a 1969 column for "gratuitous and indiscriminate" 'Uncle Tom' attacks on virtually all the black bourgeoise" and their exposure to law enforcement due to "sloppy, inefficient, undisciplined organizational follow-through". 
Worthy continued to work in the field of journalism and in the 1970s he was appointed as head of the African American journalism program at Boston University. However, the BU president, John Silber, removed Worthy as head of the program after Worthy criticized the BU administration and he supported BU campus workers who were attempting to unionize. 
In 1981, the luggage of Worthy and two other journalists working with him, Terri Taylor and Randy Goodman, was seized by the FBI and CIA on their return from Iran; and they subsequently won a suit on Fourth Amendment grounds.
Following his BU appointment, Worthy taught journalism at UMass Boston. William Worthy and Michael Lindsey co-taught the first class in Critical Journalism in the country at the College of Public and Community service, a branch of UMass Boston. Noam Chomsky was a guest lecturer.
William Worthy also taught at Howard University in the 1980s and 1990s and held the Anneberg Chair. During most of the 1990s until 2005, Worthy lived in Washington, D.C., where he served as a special assistant to the dean of the School of Communications at Howard U. and served on the board of directors of the National Whistleblower Center.
On February 22, 2008, the Nieman Foundation honored Worthy with the prestigious Louis M. Lyons Award.
Death.
Worthy died in Brewster, Massachusetts on May 4, 2014 at the age of 92, of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9682376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682376" title="Bussokusekika">
Bussokusekika

, also known as Bussokuseki no Uta, are poems inscribed beside the stone Buddha Foot monument at Yakushi Temple in Nara.
Numbering twenty one poems in total, they are divided into two sections:
Part of the stone monument has worn away making the eleventh poem of the first section and the fourth poem of the second section partially unreadable.
The Buddha Foot monument at Yakushi Temple was constructed in 753 and the poems are viewed as being composed around that time. The author is unknown.
The poems are written in Man'yōgana, a precursor to kana where Chinese characters are used for their phonetic value, and in Bussokuseki-style. Named after the poems, Bussokuseki-style is an archaic poetic device in which lines are written in a 5-7-5-7-7-7 mora pattern. It is seen during the Nara period but greatly diminishes by the Heian period. It is an early form of waka.

</doc>
<doc id="9682395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682395" title="Forest Hill Collegiate Institute">
Forest Hill Collegiate Institute

Forest Hill Collegiate Institute (FHCI) is a semestered public high school of about 950 students and 55 teachers located in the Toronto, Ontario neighbourhood of Forest Hill, Canada. It is part of the Toronto District School Board. Prior to 1998 it was within the Toronto Board of Education (TBE).
Student leadership.
Student Council.
The Student Council executive is selected in spring by an election for the next year following election campaigns and assemblies. Executives positions include President, Vice-President, Treasurer/Secretary, Social Representative, Sports Representative and Junior Vice-President. The Student Council carries out and plans activities such as Hillstock.
School prefects.
Elections for school positions are held in the spring for the following year. Teachers and current prefects vote on who will be elected as a prefect. Twenty-five prefects are usually selected. However, in years where teachers find it extremely difficult to narrow the field to twenty-five, a few more are chosen.
Music Directorate.
A body of students are committed to the management of music related activities. Positions include President, Vice-President, Treasurer(Ledoux), Secretary, Band Representative, Strings Representative, Vocal Representative, Stage Crew Manager, Student Council liaison and Members At Large.
Clubs.
The school has student run clubs and activities like the Investment Club, Jewish Culture Club, Environment Club, Model UN Club, People For Good Club, Math Club, Science Club, Chess Club, and Video Club.
Co-operative program.
FHCI offers a cooperative program that allows students in grades 11 and 12 to gain work experience. Each student that participates in this program receives 2.0 credits out of 4.0 for one semester. Students are able to choose the field in which they want to work and in turn get matched by the supervising faculty member. Students put both working hours and class hours into the program.
Events.
School events include:

</doc>
<doc id="9682431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682431" title="Na'sha">
Na'sha

Natasha Watkins, better known by her stage name Na'sha, is an American R&B singer and songwriter. Born in 1982, she was raised in Columbus, Ohio, in a family of singers, dancers, and actors. She began writing poetry at 5 and discovered she had a powerful voice at 7. 
She signed with Miami-based independent label Pure Records in October 2003. Pure later signed a distribution deal with Sony's RED Distribution and her debut album, "My Story", was released in the US and Europe in September 2005. People who worked on the album include Scott Storch and James Poyser.
After she sang on one of Shaggy's tracks, he appeared on "What U Waitin' For" on "My Story". Na'sha's debut single "Fire" was produced by Shaggy's team. The next single, "More Than a Million", had a remix featuring Jay-Z.
In 2006, Shaggy's "Ultimatum", featuring Na'sha, was released as a single from his album "Clothes Drop". Later in 2006, Na'sha was featured on Petey Pablo's Lil' Jon-produced single "Give It Up".

</doc>
<doc id="9682439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682439" title="Ferguson v. City of Charleston">
Ferguson v. City of Charleston

Ferguson v. City of Charleston, , is a United States Supreme Court decision that found Medical University of South Carolina's policy regarding involuntary drug testing of pregnant women to violate the Fourth Amendment. The Court held that the search in question was unreasonable.
Facts.
In the fall of 1988, staff at a hospital operated by the Medical University of South Carolina became concerned about the prevalence of so-called "crack babies," as well as an increase in cocaine use among pregnant women receiving prenatal treatment at the hospital. In the spring of 1989, hospital staff began conducting urine screens on pregnant women, and referring the women who tested positive for counseling. Soon after the urine screenings began, the case manager in the hospital's obstetrics department heard that police in Greenville, South Carolina, were arresting pregnant women who used cocaine for child abuse. The theory behind the arrests was that the women's cocaine use was harmful to the fetuses. After reviewing the idea with counsel, the MUSC hospital began referring pregnant women who tested positive for cocaine to Charleston police for prosecution.
Acting together, hospital staff and the police department developed a written policy for determining which pregnant women would be screened and, if they tested positive, prosecuted. Women would be selected for urine screening if they met certain criteria, such as prior lack of prenatal care, known history of drug or alcohol abuse, intrauterine fetal death, or abruptio placentae. If the women tested positive, they were referred to substance abuse counseling and threatened with prosecution. The hospital staff acknowledged that the "threat of law enforcement intervention... provided the necessary leverage to make the policy effective." Women who tested positive a second time were arrested, even before giving birth. If the positive test occurred prior to the 28th week of pregnancy, the woman would be charged with simple possession. If she tested positive in the 28th week or later, she would be charged with possession and distribution to a person under age 18—to wit, the fetus. If she delivered the baby "while testing positive for illegal drugs," the woman would also be charged with unlawful neglect of a child.
Thirty pregnant women who had been arrested pursuant to the policy brought suit in federal court, challenging the MUSC policy of conducting warrantless, nonconsensual drug testing as violating their Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures. The hospital and the city raised two primary defenses—first, that the women had consented to the searches; and second, that even if they had not consented, the searches were reasonable as a matter of law because they were justified by "special non-law-enforcement purposes." The district court rejected the second defense because it concluded that the searches were conducted for law enforcement purposes. It submitted the first defense to the jury, instructing the jury that if the jury found that the women had consented, the jury should rule for the city and the hospital. The jury found that the women had consented, and thus ruled for the city and the hospital. The women appealed.
On appeal, the Fourth Circuit affirmed, but on the ground that the searches were justified as a matter of law by special non-law-enforcement needs. It reasoned that the interest in curtailing pregnancy complications and reducing the medical costs associated with maternal cocaine use outweighed what it characterized as a "minimal intrusion" on the women's privacy. The Supreme Court then agreed to hear the case.
Majority opinion.
The MUSC is a state-operated hospital, so its employees are government actors subject to the Fourth Amendment. And a drug screen is a "search" covered by the Fourth Amendment. Because the Fourth Circuit had ruled only on the special needs claim, the Court assumed that the women had not consented to the drug screens. It then concluded that the special needs doctrine did not permit the MUSC to conduct the drug screens according to its policy.
The fact that the women neither knew of nor consented to the drug screens made this case different from the other cases in which the Court had applied the special needs doctrine. In "Skinner v. Railway Labor Executives Association", "National Treasury Employees Union v. Von Raab", and "Vernonia School District 47J v. Acton", the Court had sustained drug testing under the special needs doctrine in light of the subjects' consent; in "Chandler v. Miller", the Court had struck down drug testing under the special needs doctrine despite the subjects' consent. In all four of those cases, the fact that the subjects consented lessened the invasion on the subjects' privacy.
In this case, by contrast, the extent of the invasion on the women's privacy was far greater. "The reasonable expectation of privacy enjoyed by the typical patient undergoing diagnostic tests in a hospital is that the results of those tests will not be shared with nonmedical personnel without her consent." By turning over the results of these medical tests to the police without the women's consent, the MUSC violated this reasonable expectation of privacy. In this case, unless the special needs doctrine applied, this intrusion upon the women's expectation of privacy would amount to a violation of the Fourth Amendment.
The Court did not simply take the city and the hospital at their word that their motivations were beneficent; rather, the Court examined all the evidence available to determine whether the special needs advanced were divorced from the generalized interest in law enforcement. For example, in "Railway Executives", the need to discover the cause of railway accidents justified the drug testing, and in "Acton" it was the need to promote a drug-free school environment. In this case, however, the very reason for the policy was to use the threat of arrest to motivate the women to abstain from using cocaine. This fact was evident from the fact that police and prosecutors assisted the hospital staff in developing specimen collection and chain-of-custody procedures, the nature of possible criminal charges to which the patients would be subject, and how the police would be notified and the arrests would be accomplished. "While the ultimate goal of the program may well have been to get the women in question into substance abuse treatment and off of drugs, the immediate objective of the searches was to generate evidence "for law enforcement purposes" in order to reach that goal." Because the MUSC plan used the threat of arrest as the means to accomplish its overall goal of inducing pregnant women to abstain from using cocaine, "this case simply does not fit within the closely guarded category of 'special needs.'" The mere fact that the hospital may have had benevolent motives cannot justify departing from the protections of the Fourth Amendment, especially in light of the heavy involvement of law enforcement with the hospital's program.
Justice Kennedy pointed out that all searches, by definition, would uncover evidence of crime, and this says nothing about the "special needs" the search might serve. In this case, however, Kennedy agreed that "while the policy may well have served legitimate needs unrelated to law enforcement, it had as well a penal character with a far greater connection to law enforcement than other searches sustained under our special needs rationale."
Dissenting opinion.
Justice Scalia reasoned that there was no "search" in this case because the hospital did not take the urine from the women without their consent. Urine, a waste product, would ordinarily be abandoned by the person who produces it; anyone who came across it would be free to do with it what they will, just as with garbage found on the sidewalk. There is no "search" in the case of garbage left on the sidewalk because its (former) owner no longer expresses any interest in keeping it private. For a similar reason, there is no "search" involved in performing a urine screen because the women voluntarily provided it to the hospital—and even if they had not, the women would have freely abandoned it anyway.
Scalia also reasoned that even if the women had been coerced into providing the urine samples, it was not the government that coerced them. This was so, Scalia reasoned, even if these women had to provide the samples as a precondition of receiving their prenatal medical care.
Nothing was violated.

</doc>
<doc id="9682442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682442" title="Call-Me-Kevin">
Call-Me-Kevin

Call-Me-Kevin is a fictional kaiju from the live-action show Kaiju Big Battel. He is an alien that lost his memory on the way to Earth.
The Sea Amigos.
Unibouzu lead a Rogue stable with two other Kaiju: D.W. Cycloptopuss III and outer space sea beast Call-Me-Kevin. But after Call-Me-Kevin won the Kaiju Grand Championship, he began to ignore his friends, and after he lost the belt, he was kicked out of the Sea Amigos.

</doc>
<doc id="9682455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682455" title="Glitter and Doom">
Glitter and Doom

Glitter and Doom is the name of a Special Exhibit formerly shown at the Metropolitan Museum of Art featuring portrait art of Germany from 1919-1933, between the World Wars when the Weimar Republic was in political power. This Special Exhibit was shown from November 16, 2006 to February 19, 2007. 
Life in the Weimar Republic was marked by massive hyperinflation, crippling poverty, and political upheaval. The massive number of orphans and widows without a means of feeding themselves resulted in prostitution on a scale not seen before in Germany. Additionally, the repeal and relaxation of laws forbidding prostitution, homosexuality, and other 'moral vices' led to an explosion of an underground culture, with people enjoying pursuits not available in other European Cities.
Themes of the works include sexual freedom, prostitution, poverty, war profiteering, disfigurement and decay, homosexuality, and transvestites.
The exhibition was organized by Sabine Rewald, Jacques and Natasha Gelman Curator in the Department of Nineteenth-Century, Modern, and Contemporary Art.
The works of this exhibit can be found in the book Glitter and Doom, by Yale University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="9682469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682469" title="Constitution of American Samoa">
Constitution of American Samoa

The Constitution of American Samoa is the constitution that defines the government of American Samoa.
The original Constitution was adopted by a constitutional convention and was signed by the 68 members of the convention and Interior Secretary Fred Andrew Seaton on and became effective . A Constitutional Convention of American Samoa in Fagatogo begun on and approved several amendments, which were approved in a referendum in the general elections in , promulgated by Interior Secretary Stewart Udall on , and became effective .
To prevent the Secretary of the Interior from appointing an Attorney General independent of the elected Governor, Congress passed a law in 1983 mandating that amendments to the Constitution be made by Congress alone.
Given that the Secretary of the Interior technically holds all power, his position has been called that of a "benevolent dictator", and the Constitution as a "giant deceit".
The Ratification Act of 1929 was joint resolution of the United States Congress that ratified the Treaty of Cession of Tutuila of 1900 and the Treaty of Cession of Manuʻa of 1904, which ceded the islands of Tutuila and Manuʻa, respectively, to the United States and now form part of American Samoa. As such it is one of the basic Constitutional documents of American Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="9682483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682483" title="The Offence">
The Offence

The Offence is a 1972 British drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, based upon the 1968 stage play "This Story of Yours" by John Hopkins. It stars Sean Connery as police detective Johnson, who kills suspected child molester Kenneth Baxter (Ian Bannen) while interrogating him. The film explores Johnson's varied, often aggressive attempts at rationalizing what he did, revealing his true motives for killing the suspect in a series of flashbacks. Trevor Howard and Vivien Merchant appear in major supporting roles.
Plot summary.
Detective-Sergeant Johnson (Connery) has been a police officer for 20 years, and is deeply affected by the murders, rapes, and other violent crimes he has investigated.
His anger surfaces while interrogating Kenneth Baxter (Bannen), who is suspected of raping a young girl; by the end of the interrogation, Johnson has beaten him to death. Johnson is suspended and returns home for the night, and gets into a violent argument with his wife, Maureen (Vivien Merchant). 
The following day, Johnson is interrogated by Detective Superintendent Cartwright (Trevor Howard), and during the long interrogation flashbacks show the events during the night when Johnson killed Baxter. 
The flashbacks portray Baxter — whose guilt or innocence is left ambiguous — taunting Johnson during the interrogation, insinuating that he secretly wanted to commit the sort of sex crimes he investigated. Johnson at first flies into a rage and strikes Baxter, but he eventually admits that he does indeed harbour obsessive fantasies of murder and rape, and that he is losing his mind under the strain. He then tearfully begs Baxter to help him. When Baxter recoils from him in disgust, Johnson snaps and kills him. 
The film ends with another flashback, this time of Johnson attacking the police officers who pulled him off Baxter, and muttering, "God...my God..." as he realizes what he has done.
Background.
When Connery agreed to return as James Bond in "Diamonds Are Forever", United Artists pledged to back two of Connery's film projects of his own free choosing, including free choice for his own role, provided they would be costing $2 million or less. "The Offence", made under the working title of "Something Like the Truth" due to Connery's choice of Hopkins' script, was shot in March and April 1972 in and around Bracknell, Berkshire (scenes were shot in the Wildridings area and also Easthampstead's Point Royal) with a budget of $900,000. The action sequences of the physical interaction between Connery and Bannen were designed by an uncredited Bob Simmons, who had designed similar action scenes for the Bond films. It is the only film that Sir Harrison Birtwistle has written music for.
United Artists finally released "The Offence" in 1973. It was a commercial failure and did not yield a profit for nine years, even going unreleased in several markets, including France, where it did not premiere until 2007. United Artists pulled out of the deal and the next project, a film version of "Macbeth" that Connery was to direct, was scotched by Roman Polanski's adaptation.
DVD releases.
In 2004, MGM UK released a DVD of the film which contained no extras or trailers. Simultaneous releases from MGM were made in other PAL format countries, such as Germany and Australia. On October 20, 2008, the film was again released on DVD in the UK by Optimum Releasing, again without extras or trailers. A French Region 2 DVD, preserving the film's original ratio of 1:1.66, became available in 2009. In April 2010, MGM put the film out on a U.S. DVD-R "on demand" for the first time. It is available as an exclusive from Amazon.com and contains no extras.

</doc>
<doc id="9682520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682520" title="Hysplex">
Hysplex

Hysplex () is a starting gate used in ancient Greek horse and foot races. This device was set up at the starting line and consisted of an upright vertical bar that held a horizontal gate attached to it held up by a string. Each racer stood behind his own hysplex and all of the strings were centrally connected behind the runners held by a referee. At the start of the race, the referee let go of all the strings and consequently the starting gates fell at the same time releasing the runners.

</doc>
<doc id="9682536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682536" title="Mercury Vindicated from the Alchemists">
Mercury Vindicated from the Alchemists

Mercury Vindicated from the Alchemists at Court is a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones. It was performed at Whitehall Palace on Twelfth Night, 6 January 1615. King James I liked it so much that he ordered a repeat performance the following Sunday, 8 January.
The masque was initially published in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616, and was included in the collected works from that point on.
The show.
The masque portrays the god Mercury driving out a crew of alchemists that have abused his nature. The anti-masque, set in an alchemical laboratory, featured twelve alchemist figures, and twelve "imperfect creatures" wearing helmets shaped like alembics. After their dances, they were dispersed by the intervention of the god, and the scene changed to a "glorious bower," in which Mercury, along with Prometheus and a personification of Nature, ushered in the dance of the masquing courtiers, who were twelve "Sons of Nature."
For source material for this work, "Jonson drew on Sendivogius's satirical "Dialogus Mercurii, Alchymistae et Naturae..."" Jonson treats alchemists as charlatans in his text, as he does in his play "The Alchemist". The words "at Court" in the full title of the work have provoked scholars to debate the actual meaning and significance of Jonson's text, since real alchemists were not particularly well represented at James's court. The work is clearly more symbolic than literal, though critics disagree on the specifics of its meaning.
Politics.
The masque was significant in the internal politics of the Stuart Court, in that it marked a major step in the ascension of George Villiers as the new favorite of King James. For several years, Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset had held that wholly unofficial but very powerful position, as well as rising to major official posts such as Lord Chamberlain; but Somerset's role in the 1613 murder of Sir Thomas Overbury was becoming a major scandal. A Court faction opposed to Somerset — which included Lucy Russell, Countess of Bedford, the patroness of John Donne and other poets, including Ben Jonson—was actively promoting Villiers as a replacement for Robert Carr. To the date of the masque, their promotion of Villiers has not been enormously successful; "Mercury Vindicated" was staged, at least in the estimation of some contemporaries, with the "principal motive" of "the gracing of young Villiers and to bring him on the stage." The plan was eventually successful, and Villiers, as the new Duke of Buckingham, replaced Somerset as the royal favorite, not merely through the remainder of James's reign but into the reign of his son and successor Charles I.
Dating.
Scholars have disputed the order in which two of the Jonson-Jones masques were performed at Court. Traditionally, "Mercury Vindicated" was assigned to the 1614–15 Christmas holiday season, and "The Golden Age Restored" to the following 1615–16 season. C. H. Herford and Percy Simpson, in their edition of Jonson's works, argued that the two masques had been chronologically transposed in the 1616 Jonson folio, and that "TGAR" actually preceded "Mercury Vindicated." Their argument received some general acceptance for a time, but was refuted by later researchers.
The masques in the 1616 folio appear to be arranged in a consistent chronological order; "Mercury Vindicated" is second to last in the volume, and "TGAR" is the final work included. Recent scholarship tends to rely on the implications of the original text, and treats the two masques as presented in that order.

</doc>
<doc id="9682555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682555" title="Beyond the Sixth Seal">
Beyond the Sixth Seal

Beyond the Sixth Seal is a sideproject band of Mike McKenzie and Greg Weeks of The Red Chord. They were formed as a thrash metal band in the suburbs of Boston in 1998 and released a few demos. In the summer of 2000, bassist Adam Wentworth (The Red Chord) joined up with BTSS to record their debut EP "A Homicide Divine" in early 2001.
After a European tour and a series of shows in the United States, writing for the full length began. "Earth And Sphere" was written during a major line-up change, as Adam moved to guitar and the band saw the exit of Rob Devlin (guitar) and Lawrence Kwong (vocals). Beyond the Sixth Seal continued the album writing process while searching for suitable replacements. The first to join was Matt Woods (American Nightmare) on bass, followed shortly after by Mike McKenzie (also of The Red Chord) on vocals. The album was released in 2002 on German label Lifeforce Records and Beyond the Sixth Seal disbanded the following year in 2003.[http://www.lifeforcerecords.com/bands/10] 
In 2006, the band has reformed as a studio project and is currently signed to Metal Blade Records. A rough demo of a new song appears on their Myspace page.[http://myspace.com/beyondthesixthseal]

</doc>
<doc id="9682580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682580" title="Bombshell (Transformers)">
Bombshell (Transformers)

Bombshell is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes. Due to trademark issues, he was later renamed Hardshell.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Bombshell's toy bio described him as having a vicious sense of humor. Using his cerebro-shells, he can take control of his victim's minds, after which he amuses himself by having them humiliate themselves for his enjoyment. There has been debate as to whether Bombshell's alternate form is either Japanese rhinoceros beetle or a boll weevil, because it looks very similar to both insects. In 2009, Bombshell was renamed Hardshell for trademark reasons.
Reception.
Bombshell was named the 25th top unfortunately named Transformer by Topless Robot.
Marvel Comics.
Note: Events exclusive to the Marvel U.K. Transformers continuity are in "italics".
In the comics, Bombshell was a soldier under the command of Lord Straxus. Unlike his cartoon persona this one could shape shift, becoming the actual size of an insect. He eventually came to Earth, where his cerebro-shells came in useful when tapping the power of the Autobot Matrix of Leadership in creating the Stunticons and Combaticons.
"Marvel U.K. Transformers Annual 1985 contained a story called "Plague of the Insecticons". Optimus Prime lead Prowl and Warpath to a meeting with President Ronald Reagan in Washington D.C. to open a dialog between the Autobots and the U.S. government. However Soundwave had intercepted word of the talks and informed Megatron, who decided send the Ravage and the Insecticons. The Insecticons did not attack the Autobots, but instead attacked the U.S. military in the name of the Autobots. Prowl was badly damaged by one of Shrapnel's grenades during the battle. Although the Autobots managed to chase off the Insecticons Optimus Prime gave up on explaining the misunderstanding to Reagan, thinking he would never be believed. Reagan had been ready to hear what Optimus had to say and was disappointed they gave up so easily."
Animated series.
Bombshell debuted with the rest of the Insecticons in the first season episode, "A Plague of Insecticons". The Insecticons were a group of Decepticons, who fled the Nemesis four million years ago in an escape ship. The ship landed in Indonesia where the Insecticons reformatted themselves to resemble insects. The Insecticons stomachs could absorb most forms of energy and matter and use it to fuel the robots. At first, Megatron was very pleased with the Insecticons. However, once the tide of battle turned in the Autobots' favor, the Insecticons consumed the Decepticons' Energon. This began a feud between the Insecticons and the Decepticons.
Later on, in "The Insecticon Syndrome", Bombshell and the Insecticons were asked to help the Decepticons raid Iron Mountain, a fictional U.S. military installation which contained information regarding the world's energy. In return, Megatron would allow the Insecticons to consume the energy produced by the Nova Power Plant prior to engaging Iron Mountain. The Nova power caused the Insecticons to grow in strength and size.
With their new power, the Insecticons plot to betray the Decepticons at Iron Mountain, which Soundwave overhears. However, before Soundwave could get away, Shrapnel captures him and instructs Bombshell to implant a cerebro shell. The Autobots attack the plant, but are successfully repelled by the Insecticons. Later, the Autobots discover that the nova energy, which is incompatible with their stomachs will cause them to explode, potentially destroying Iron Mountain with them.
As Soundwave attempts to download the data, Bombshell takes the opportunity to inject cerebro shells into the other Decepticons taking over their minds. Once Soundwave is finished, Megatron terminates the alliance with the Insecticons. Bombshell fires two more shells at Megatron and Starscream. Starscream becomes infected, but Megatron manages to intercept the shell before it infects him. Optimus Prime arrives and tackles Megatron before he could fire at the Insecticons. After learning of the imminent explosion, Megatron agrees to assist the Autobots.
Wheeljack and Ratchet arrive on the scene with a cure for the Insecticons. Optimus Prime teams up with Megatron to deliver the antidote via Megatron's alt mode. They manage to cure Kickback and Bombshell, thus weakening his hold on the Decepticons. After knocking Prime away, Shrapnel's condition turns critical, and he doubles over in pain. Spike Witwicky approaches Shrapnel and dumps the antidote into his chest. His is unsuccessful as Shrapnel explodes. Bombshell reassembles Shrapnel and the Insecticons flee with the Decepticons in pursuit.
Bombshell has made other appearances in the series, usually called upon to use his cerebro shells. In the episode "Enter the Nightbird", Bombshell assisted the Decepticons in stealing a human-built robot ninja named Nightbird. Bombshell reprograms the robot as a Decepticon. Megatron then sends the robot to infiltrate the Ark and steal a disk with a list of all the world's energy sources. In the episode "Traitor", the Autobot Mirage attempts to trick the Insecticons and Decepticons into a civil conflict. The Decepticons find out and capture Mirage. Bombshell injects a cerebro shell into Mirage, thus turning him against the Autobots.
The Decepticon/Insecticon feud continued throughout the second season. In "", Bombshell and the Insecticons were involved in the battle of Autobot City, where he sustained major injuries after getting hit directly with a missile, shot by mass fire power and shot in the back by Springer. As a result, he was among the Decepticons who were ejected into space during their return trip to Cybertron, and was transformed into one Galvatron's new troops.
Books.
Bombshell was featured in the 1985 Find Your Fate Junior book called "Dinobots Strike Back" by Casey Todd.
Bombshell was featured in the 1985 Find Your Fate Junior book called "Battle Drive" by Barbara Siegel and Scott Siegel.
Bombshell appeared in the 1986 Ballantine Books story "The Invisibility Factor" by Josepha Sherman.
Bombshell appeared in the Marvel Books 1986 story and coloring book "The Invasion of the Decepticon Camp" by Pat Brigandi.
Dreamwave Production.
Bombshell also appeared in Dreamwave Productions' Generation One comics. He chronologically appeared first in the "War Within" comics hunting Optimus Prime alongside Soundwave and Ravage. Their failure forced Megatron to step in personally. He later stayed with the Decepticons after Megatron's disappearance. His Cybertronian alternate mode appeared to be that of a tank.
In the third "War Within" series Bombshell appeared among the Decepticon troops under the command of Shockwave.
He and the other future Insecticons later came to Earth, encountering the Dinobots. The two teams battled and knocked each other into stasis. The Insecticons were later revived, receiving their familiar insect alternate modes. Bombshell later used his cerebro shells to take over the population of a town, only to be defeated by the Autobots. The closure of Dreamwave prevented any more stories of Bombshell from being told.
IDW Publishing.
Bombshell was seen among Megatron's troops in '. Bombshell also makes an appearance during a flashback in '. He converts the Autobot Beachcomber into a sleeper-agent, who then attempts to assassinate Morale Officer Blaster before a key radio broadcast.
Transformers: Timelines (Shattered Glass).
Bombshell is one of the heroic Decepticons in the "Shattered Glass" universe stories by Fun Publications.
Fun Publications.
In "Do Over" the "Nemesis" launches after the "Ark". After a brief battle the "Nemesis" is shot down and crashes on Earth, with the crew escaping in stasis pods. Although not directly depicted, Bombshell is a member of the crew of the "Nemesis".
Bombshell makes his first appearance in "Blitzwing Bop" as one of the Decepticons on Earth. Sideswipe, Bombshell and Blitzwing stop a scheme by Elita One and Brawn to make attack drones from human cars by implanting control devices in the cars in a Roll-N-Wash car wash. Although not directly seen, he was mentioned by Cliffjumper.
Transformers: Prime.
In "", Hardshell is the fiercest of the Insecticons and appears to be their leader.
Books.
Hardshell and the other Insecticons are part of Shockwave's experiments in the novel "Transformers: Exodus".
Video games.
Hardshell appears in the 2012 game "". He is one of three Insecticons modified by Shockwave that receive heightened intelligence, and in one of Shockwave's audio logs, mentions that Hardshell prefers using munitions instead of his basic weapons. Hardshell, Kickback and Sharpshot join Shockwave in viewing Grimlock, as witnessed by Starscream before he set the Dinobot free. Hardshell confronts Grimlock and Swoop and uses a battlesuit to attack them, however Swoop provides Grimlock with explosive barrels which defeat him.
Animated series.
Hardshell is the fiercest of the Insecticons who first appears in "Toxicity." When Megatron asks the Insecticons which of them is the strongest of them, Hardshell states that the Insecticons are equal but he is the fiercest. Hardshell is ordered by Megatron to find the fourth and final artifact from the Iacon Vault, and leads some Insecticons to the Equator to locate the artifact. Bulkhead encounters and fights Hardshell, who knows the Wreckers due to killing some of its members. Hardshell proves to be a match for Bulkhead until he is knocked down, but leaves Bulkhead leaking Energon. Hardshell recovers and states that Bulkhead leaving him alive will be the last mistake he'll ever make. When Bulkhead finds the Iacon artifact, which turns out to be a cache of Tox-En (a type of deadly and poisonous Energon), Hardshell catches up and one of the Insecticons with him ends up killed by a combination of Bulkhead's grenade and some Tox-En. Hardshell reports to Megatron that they are after the Tox-En in the artifact and then goes after Bulkhead by following his leaked Energon trail. When Hardshell learns that Bulkhead's trail is fake and confronts the Autobot on the volcano summit, demanding the severely weakened Bulkhead to let them put him out of his misery. Bulkhead managed to expose Hardshell and his remaining Insecticons to Tox-En, weakening them, and Hardshell is knocked down a volcano shaft with the Tox-En, but survives and soon emerges to fire on Bulkhead as he heads into the Ground Bridge.
In ""Hurt"," Hardshell mentions to Megatron that he had defeated Bulkhead. When walking down the hallways of the Nemesis with some Insecticons, two Vehicons unknowingly insulted them causing Hardshell and the Insecticons with him to attack them, during which Knock-Out accidentally got hit by Hardshell. Knock-Out reported this to Megatron, just as he receives a transmission from Wheeljack, who demands that Megatron hand over Hardshell to him for almost killing Bulkhead, causing Megatron to become enraged to hear the Autobot survived. Megatron sends Hardshell to the coordinates that Wheeljack sent him in order to dispose of Wheeljack (and to makeup for failing to kill Bulkhead). In a canyon, Wheeljack fought with Hardshell where Hardshell ended up getting the upper hand. Before Hardshell could finish off Wheeljack, Miko used the missiles on Wheeljack's ship to finish off Hardshell as she and Wheeljack do a tactical retreat to get away from the other Insecticons. When Hardshell's body was brought back to the Nemesis, Megatron learned from an Insecticon that a "human girl" was responsible for killing Hardshell.
Hardshell is mentioned by Miko while she's still upset in ""Out of the Past"," and again when Starscream boasts about defeating Cliffjumper in "Chain of Command".

</doc>
<doc id="9682587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682587" title="Lynnewood Hall">
Lynnewood Hall

Lynnewood Hall is a 110-room Neoclassical Revival mansion in Elkins Park, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, designed by architect Horace Trumbauer for industrialist Peter A. B. Widener between 1897 and 1900. Considered the largest surviving Gilded Age mansion in the Philadelphia area, it housed one of the most important Gilded Age private art collections of European masterpieces and decorative arts assembled by Widener and his younger son Joseph.
Peter A. B. Widener died at Lynnewood Hall at the age of 80 on November 6, 1915 after prolonged poor health. He was predeceased by his elder son George Dunton Widener and grandson Harry Elkins Widener, both of whom died when the "Titanic" sank in 1912.
Built from Indiana limestone, the "T"-shaped Lynnewood Hall (dubbed "The last of the American Versailles" by Widener's grandson) measures long by deep. In addition to 55 bedrooms, the 110-room mansion had a large art gallery, a ballroom, swimming pool, wine cellars, a farm and an electrical power plant. From 1915 to 1940, the spectacular art collection at Lynnewood Hall was open to the public by appointment between June and October. In 1940, Joseph E. Widener donated more than 2,000 sculptures, paintings, decorative art, and porcelains to the National Gallery of Art.
"TIME" magazine published an account of a lavish party held at Lynnewood Hall in 1932.
Lynnewood Hall after Widener ownership.
The grounds were used for training military dogs during World War II, and parcels of the land outside the property fence (see below) were sold to others after 1943.
Lynnewood Hall suffered a general decline under the ownership of the Faith Theological Seminary, a religious group headed by Carl McIntire, which purchased it in 1952 for $192,000. During that ownership much interior detailing, such as mantels, walnut paneling, and landscape ornamentation was sold off in order to raise funds. This is evidenced by the 2006 auction of a French bronze figural fountain—one of only two major surviving Henri-Leon Greber commissions in America—originally installed at Lynnewood Hall.
Lynnewood Hall was added to the Preservation Alliance for Greater Philadelphia's 2003 list for most endangered historic properties and is eligible for the National Register of Historic Places. It is cited in Cheltenham Township's Comprehensive Plan as one of the township's cultural and historical resources, and in the township's Open Space Plan as a priority for preservation, warranting a conservation easement. The seminary and property was eventually foreclosed upon by the second-mortgagee, reportedly a one-time follower of McIntire.
At 33.85 acres (according to Montgomery County Board of Assessment data), Lynnewood Hall currently is owned by the First Korean Church of New York. However, Lynnewood is not in use by that church and remains vacant. As of 2007 no significant stabilization or repair efforts have been evident. On June 25, 2007, the Cheltenham Township Planning Commission reviewed and denied a submitted request (Appeal No. 3225) by the First Korean Church of New York, Inc., owner of premises known as 920 Spring Avenue, Elkins Park, Pennsylvania from the Decision of the Zoning Officer for a variance from the rules and regulations of the Class R-2 Residence District as outlined in CCS 295-14. for the use of the premises as a Church and a Domicile for a Caretaker/Assistant Pastor instead of one of the permitted enumerated uses.
This was the second such request, the first submitted in 1998, for a variance. That resulted in a lawsuit First Korean Church of New York v. Twp. of Cheltenham Zoning Bd; submitted to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court May 2001, which upheld Cheltenham's denial of the request.
There have been negotiations ongoing of new ownership and possible renovations to the estate. Parties had hoped to have a plan finalized by the end of 2011. The proposed renovation could take the estate back to a private residence, and offer guest rooms to social elite and that of a high society bed and breakfast. Ongoing searches for previous pieces of the estate that belonged to Lynnewood Hall have been undertaken, and the total cost to the renovation and landscaping is ranging in the near 12 million dollar mark.
In a state court decision handed down in February 2012 by Judge Norma L. Shapiro, the court ruled the First Korean Church of New York, Inc. did not qualify for tax exemption. In a rare interview with the Philadelphia "Inquirer" after this court ruling with Dr. Richard S. Yoon, video cameras were permitted inside Lynnewood Hall and the original seminary chapel. Dr. Yoon stated, “We have no choice (but) to relocate. We don’t want to fight any more.”
The mansion's grounds, bordered by Ashbourne Road, Spring Avenue and Cedar Lane, are surrounded by their original wrought-iron fencing and gates with stone base and pillars, in marked contrast to that of nearby Trumbauer contemporary Whitemarsh Hall whose similar fencing (which encompassed a much greater acreage) was sacrificed for wartime scrap and rapid postwar development. A gatehouse and another staff outbuilding, of the same materials as Lynnewood, also still exist within the fence. The property within the fence has remained contiguous, never having been subdivided.

</doc>
<doc id="9682630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682630" title="USCGC Drummond (WPB-1323)">
USCGC Drummond (WPB-1323)

'"
USCGC "Drummond" (WPB-1323) is an of the United States Coast Guard. She is named for Drummond Island, Michigan. "Drummond" was commissioned October 19, 1988 at Bollinger Shipyard in Lockport, Louisiana, and is currently homeported in Miami Beach, Florida. With a top speed in excess of and a cruising speed of , the ship is capable of enduring unsupported operations for six days and accommodates two officers and sixteen enlisted personnel.
History.
Since commissioning, "Drummond" has served in the U.S. Coast Guard’s busiest district and has been decorated for her involvement in a variety of operations. In 1992 and 1994, "Drummond" was awarded the U.S. Coast Guard Meritorious Unit Commendation while working with other U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy units that combined for the safe interdiction of over 20,502 Haitian migrants at sea.
Originally homeported in Port Canaveral, Florida, "Drummond"s home port was changed to Key West in the summer of 2002. Typical patrols in Key West's area of operations involved search and rescue, alien migrant interdiction operations, fisheries law enforcement, counter narcotics operations, and homeland security. More recently, she shifted homeports to Miami Beach in support of the Coast Guard's new effort to maximize the operational hours of the patrol boats in the Seventh District by utilizing a dual-crew manning concept.
Current.
In April 2004, "Drummond" again returned to Haiti in support of Operation ABLE SENTRY and Operation SECURE TOMORROW as that country’s political and economic situation continued to generate an exodus of migrants. In 2005, "Drummond" was again awarded the Coast Guard Meritorious Unit Commendation for her efforts in stemming the illegal flow of Cuban migrants in the Florida Straits. "Drummond" also was credited for saving more than $500,000 in property during this period in search-and-rescue cases, including a daring rescue of a dismasted sailboat during Tropical Storm Arlene.
Since 2004, "Drummond" is credited with interdicting over 550 illegal Cuban migrants in the Florida Straits, on eight go-fast vessels and 26 homebuilt boats and rafts. "Drummond" has also recovered nearly 120 illegal migrants from various Bahamian islands, working closely with the Royal Bahamas Defence Force. In the past two years, "Drummond" has cared for 1600 illegal migrants on her decks while conducting 32 politically sensitive repatriations to Cabanas, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="9682654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682654" title="Misfits.strangers.liars.friends">
Misfits.strangers.liars.friends

misfits.strangers.liars.friends was the major label debut of the Canadian rap rock group Project Wyze which included the hit singles ""Room To Breathe"" and ""Nothing's What It Seems"".
The tracks ""Nothing's What It Seems"", ""Denial"", ""Erica"", ""Eyes Wide Shut"" & ""Strangers Among Us"" all were originally off Project Wyze's "Only If I Knew - EP " but were redone for their major debut release.<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9682659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682659" title="KFYV">
KFYV

KFYV (105.5 FM, "Live 105.5") is a commercial radio station located in Ojai, California, broadcasting to the Oxnard-Ventura, California, area. KFYV airs a Top 40 music format. It is owned by Gold Coast Broadcasting LLC.
History.
The station, originally owned by Fred Hall, started out as KOVA, which was a Big Band/Adult Standards/Classical format. They also re-broadcast old radio shows (e.g. Jack Benny, The Lone Ranger, and The Shadow). Hall sold the station in 1979 to Frank Spencer who resold it to long-time Ventura County broadcaster Mike Thomas three years later. Thomas first adopted an easy listening format after KACY-FM dropped the format to become Q-105, then changed the call letters to KMYX (K-Mix 106) which broadcast an urban/R & B format programmed by his son Howard Thomas (H.T. as he was known on air). Howard was killed in an automobile accident in Los Angeles in August, 1988, and in March, 1989 Thomas changed the format to a country with a DJ lineup that included long-time Ventura County broadcasters K.M. "The Rebel" Richards, Bob Stevens, and Steve Carr. The country format only lasted until November of that year when Thomas sold the station to a Los Angeles group owner who adopted a "hot adult contemporary" format and changed the call letters to KKUR. Later, the station adopted a soft rock/smooth jazz format as "The Breeze" under the call letters KKBE. In 2003, The Breeze (KKBE) was relaunched as Live 105.5 (KFYV) an Adult CHR under the guidance of market veteran Program Director and Morning Personality Mark Elliott who joined Gold Coast Broadcasting as their Director of Programming and Broadcast Operations after exiting Cumulus Media owned B95.1 (KBBY).
Live 105.5 is currently the Ventura County radio home for "American Top 40" and "Open House Party" on the weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="9682664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682664" title="North Carolina Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization">
North Carolina Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization

The North Carolina Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization (NC CAMPO) is the federally required Metropolitan Planning Organization responsible for the continuous and comprehensive transportation planning process in Wake County and parts of Franklin County, Granville County, Harnett County and Johnston County Counties. NC CAMPO is responsible for carrying out an annual work program that includes updating the Metropolitan Transportation Improvement Program (a seven-year project programming schedule) and the Long-Range Transportation Plan (a minimum twenty-year forecast of projects and programs). 
Governance.
The Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization has three parts: a Transportation Advisory Committee (TAC), a Technical Coordinating Committee (TCC), and a staff that serves the members of these boards. The MPO is governed by its Transportation Advisory Committee. There are a total of 26 voting members including elected officials and representatives of the North Carolina Department of Transportation Highway Districts 4, 5 and 6, Triangle Transit Authority, Capital Area Transit, and the Federal Highway Administration. The elected officials represent the 5 counties and 17 municipalities that lie within the NC Capital Area MPO's Metropolitan Area.
The TAC typically meets on the third Wednesday of each month from 4:00 pm–6:00 pm in Raleigh, NC. The TCC typically meets on the first Thursday of each month from 10:00 am – 12:00 pm in Raleigh, NC.
Staff.
NC CAMPO has a staff of 10. Edison Johnson, P.E. serves as NC CAMPO's Executive Director.
Funding.
NC CAMPO receives its funding through the US Department of Transportation, NC Department of Transportation (NCDOT) and through local match from member municipalities.

</doc>
<doc id="9682666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682666" title="Campaign to Save Native Forests">
Campaign to Save Native Forests

The Campaign to Save Native Forests (W.A.) (CSNF) was the name of a grassroots organisation which grew from a campaign started in Perth, Western Australia, in 1975, as a response to the development of a woodchipping industry in the south-west Jarrah and Karri forests of Western Australia. The Manjimup woodchip project aroused significant levels of protest in Perth and the South West region out of public concern that inadequate measures had been made for conservation alongside exploitation of the south west hardwood forests.
The public figures and faces of the CSNF at the time—Beth Schulz, Basil Schur, and Neil Bartholomaeus—were each to gain extensive coverage on the local media during public rallies at Wagerup and elsewhere.
At the times that the CSNF tried to cope with the issues of governmental and forestry business pressures to develop woodchipping, and mining in the Jarrah forest, another group started as well—the South West Forests Defence Foundation. There was co-operation between the groups on some issues as well as joint publications.
The CSNF subsequently campaigned in response to mining by Alcoa in the Jarrah forest on the Darling Scarp, conducting rallies and protests outside the alumina refinery construction site at Wagerup in February, May, and August 1979. It was involved in submissions to Australian federal and Western Australian state inquiries on forestry through the late 1980s. 
Many members of CSNF went on to become involved in other groups and associations, such as West Australian Forest Alliance, Great Walk Networking, and other groups usually associated with the Conservation Council of Western Australia. A lot of these groups did not gain the extensive national attention and subsequent political ramifications that, for example, the Tasmanian Wilderness Society did with its early 1980s "No Dams" campaign for the Franklin River, which influenced Tasmanian domestic politics for a decade. However, they did have coverage in local media for their particular issues, and despite the lack of national attention they had marked impact on the ways that all levels of government proceeded with environmentally problematic issues.
Journal.
" C.S.N.F. news." Perth [W.A.] : Campaign to Save Native Forests. July 1978-April 1991
Publications (chronologically).
also with :" Redirection of the karri forest economy" prepared by Conservation Council of W.A. (Inc.), South-West Forests Defence Foundation, Campaign to Save Native Forests (W.A.)
References.
0724462767 - Submission to the Senate Standing Committee on Science and the Environment on the Woodchips (Manjimup) Project.

</doc>
<doc id="9682718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682718" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Alabama">
List of law enforcement agencies in Alabama

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="9682727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682727" title="Mystery Mine">
Mystery Mine

Mystery Mine is a Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter roller coaster at Dollywood, a theme park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. The ride is heavily themed as a haunted mining operation from the 19th century, with sections taking place outdoors and within a large building that features special effects. At a cost of $17.5 million to construct, Mystery Mine was Dollywood's largest single-attraction investment. It was the first Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter installation in the United States, and, at the time of its opening, had the steepest drop of any coaster in North America, until Steel Hawg at Indiana Beach was built in 2008. The ride was installed by Ride Entertainment Group, who handles all of Gerstlauer's operations in the Western Hemisphere.
Ride Through.
The ride's story and themes are introduced in the queue as the guests enter. As the visitors pass old newspaper articles and signs condemning the old abandoned mine shaft, the queue winds around a rocky area before climbing two flights of stairs to arrive in the boarding area. In the queue, you might hear a quote to remember, "If the canary ain't tweetin'...you'll be sleepin'!" Once guests arrive inside, they walk through a short twisted queue themed with quick paced banjo music and a good spirited miner singing tunes about the mine's sketchy reputation for strange occurrences. 
Guests board the small train cars and are quickly launched out of the station. The Miner's evil laugh echoes down the first small drop as the car rushes towards the first curve. A wall full of humming ravens watches the car as it passes. A canary sits healthily in a cage nearby. The car turns the corner only to be face to face with a giant spinning rock crusher. The cart quickly drops beneath the grinder and whips around a hairpin curve. The riders slow to a stop, and a small lever labeled MINE GAS cranks into the "on" position. 
A vertical wall of track lies before the car, and a chain lift kicks into gear. The cart is pulled 90 degrees straight up the track. Graffiti litters the sheet metaled walls on either side. The cart reaches the top and drops down a short hill outside the ride building. A sign advertises "Burnt out bridge ahead!" and the cart precariously swerves across the trestle. An 85-degree drop then sends the vehicle careening up a Horseshoe, essentially a vertical U-turn. 
The cart swings around a few small helices right before plunging back into the abandoned mine building. The cart slows in the pitch black recess of the mine. A spotlight is turned on illuminating a cage containing the canary from earlier. Lightning flashes from the shaft ahead. The canary turns over on its perch, dead. The cart begins to ascend the mine shaft ahead as ravens peer out from behind the broken boards surrounding the shaft. A "window" above shows the storm going on outside the shaft. Lightning strikes the top of the tower protruding above, which collapses on top of the "window", effectively shutting out all light from the shaft. 
Now plunged into darkness, the cart stops at the peak of the hill. A fuse is heard in the distance, and soon is visible snaking its way along either side of the car. It winds across the floor, and a green lantern is suddenly illuminated. It sits on top of boxes and boxes of dynamite, hooked to the quickly approaching fuse. The fuse reaches the boxes and jets of flame are shot out as the car drops at a 95° angle (the 95° drop is a 45° spiral beyond vertical drop). A camera flashes and daylight (or more darkness if riding at night) bursts into view. A barrel roll and a half are followed by a half loop. The car slows to a stop back in the station, and riders are unloaded.

</doc>
<doc id="9682737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682737" title="Nimbochromis polystigma">
Nimbochromis polystigma

Nimbochromis polystigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi, in the Great Rift Valley system of Africa. This species prefers areas with rock/sand substrate or areas with plentiful vegetation. It can grow to a length of TL.
General.
Occurring throughout the lake, "Nimbochromis polystigma" is a piscivorous fish, often preying upon juvenile cichlids. The local name for the fish is "Kaligono", meaning 'sleeper' in the chiCheŵa language. It shares this name with other "Nimbochromis" species due to their hunting technique, which involves lying motionless on the bottom, sometimes on its side as if feigning death, until small fish approach to investigate, then pouncing on the prey. When hunting this way their colour will fade, apparently as the whiter colour attracts more small cichlids. They will also sometimes launch ambush attacks on small fish from the cover of vegetation, with their colouration acting as disruptive camouflage.
Like most Lake Malawi cichlids, "Nimbochromis polystigma" is a mouthbrooder, with the female carrying her young in her mouth for two to three weeks before being released.
In the aquarium.
"Nimbochromis polystigma" is a relatively peaceful species, as long as its cohabitants are not small enough to be considered prey. It's an enthusiastic feeder, and will eat all of the usual foods given to cichlids, and has the rather endearing habit of leaping from the water to try to get at food or fingers.
In aquaria it can grow to 30 cm (12 in), and requires a large aquarium—at least 300 litres (80 US gal)—and can be kept with other haplochromines and most mbuna. It is best to have some rocks for them to hide in when threatened, but they also need room to swim.

</doc>
<doc id="9682739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682739" title="Ira Babcock">
Ira Babcock

Doctor Ira Leonard Babcock (ca. 1808 – March 21, 1888) was an American pioneer and doctor in the Oregon Country. A native of New York, he was selected as the supreme judge with probate powers in 1841 in what would become the state of Oregon. Although the meeting where he was selected did not produce an acting government, this was the first of several meetings that led to a Provisional Government in the Willamette Valley in 1843.
Early life.
Babcock was born in the state of New York around 1808 where he received medical training. He came to what was then the unorganized Oregon Country from New York while working for the Methodist Mission run by Jason Lee. Babcock arrived in Oregon in 1840 aboard the ship "Lausanne" with his wife and one son. They traveled with Jason Lee’s reinforcements for the mission that was re-located to present day Salem, Oregon. The "Lausanne" had sailed around Cape Horn and included future governor George Abernethy and the Reverend Gustavus Hines.
Judgeship.
Babcock was selected on February 18, 1841, to be the supreme judge for the settlers of the region. There was a need for a probate court in order to deal with the estate of Ewing Young. Young had become a wealthy rancher due to his economic activities that included participation in the Willamette Cattle Company in 1837. In 1842, Babcock helped to organize the Oregon Institute as a school for the children of the American settlers. After holding the supreme judge title for two years, Babcock took his family to the Sandwich Islands for one year. After returning he was elected as judge again, but left Oregon permanently in November 1844. After leaving Oregon he joined the United States Army and served as a surgeon. In 1870, he returned to Oregon on a visit.

</doc>
<doc id="9682745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682745" title="Fame (2007 film)">
Fame (2007 film)

Fame is the title of a performance by British comedian Ricky Gervais. It was filmed at the HMV Hammersmith Apollo, London, United Kingdom in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9682748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682748" title="A Cricket in Times Square">
A Cricket in Times Square

A Cricket in Times Square is a four-piece rock band formed in College Park, Maryland in 2000 at the University of Maryland's radio station WMUC-FM.
The band was started in 2000 by members John Wood and Michael Tyler, splitting the songwriting duties, vocals, and guitar parts, with many important contributors joining them along the way.
The first lineup (2000–2002) featured Bryan Smith on bass, and Sam Chintha of the band Alcian Blue drumming. Adam Robinson (who also plays bass in the band Georgie James as well) and Eric Swartz replaced Smith and Chintha prior to the recording of the band's self-titled debut album. The seven-song by debut released by the High Two label in 2004. David Fricke of Rolling Stone called the record "particularly impressive" was comparing A Cricket in Times Square to Ride, Sonic Youth, and The Church.
In 2004, the band relocated to Seattle, Washington enlisting two new members, Dominic Senibaldi and Dino DeJesus. Contributors to the band also include Matt Welch of the band Alcian Blue. Tyler now also plays in the band Alias Linn. Wood and Chintha also collaborate in the band Torsion Fields.
A Cricket in Times Square's song "5.5-Minute Hallway" is featured in the film Alone with Her starring Colin Hanks.

</doc>
<doc id="9682750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682750" title="Duluth Budgeteer News">
Duluth Budgeteer News

The Duluth Budgeteer News (or known locally as The Budgeteer or simply The Budge) is a newspaper in Duluth, Minnesota. It is published by Forum Communications, which bought it in 2006.
History.
The "Budgeteer News" was founded in 1931 by Herb Palmer, who served as its first publisher. His son, Dick, was the second publisher and continued to write a weekly column for many years after his departure.
Over the years, the paper has had various names, including ""The Budgeter"", ""The Family Budgeter"", and ""The Budgeteer Press"."
For years, the paper was essentially a shopper with columns from its publisher, but not much other original editorial content.
In the mid-1990s, Murphy McGinnis Media purchased the paper and transformed it into the "Budgeteer," with the slogan: "Good News for Great People Like You." The paper upped its staffing levels and began publishing twice a week. Despite positive community reaction, revenue could not support the expanded staff or the mid-week edition. The "Budgeteer" went back to once a week, cut staff and - in its most dramatic change - went from a traditional broadsheet to a tabloid-format newspaper.
In August 2007, the "Budgeteer" went through a redesign. The type is a little bigger, with more spacing between the lines.
Source: "Duluth Budgeteer News", August 5, 2007 edition - Page 24

</doc>
<doc id="9682752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682752" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Alaska">
List of law enforcement agencies in Alaska

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="9682762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682762" title="Labu language">
Labu language

Labu (called Hapa by its speakers) is an Austronesian language spoken among 1,600 people (1989) in three older villages and one new one across the Markham River from Lae in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea. 
Although it belongs to the Lower Markham languages, Labu appears to have been strongly influenced by the coastal languages of the Huon Gulf, Bukawa in particular. For instance, Labu shows tonal contrasts, like Bukawa but unlike any of the Markham languages; and Labu numerals show separate forms for '3', '4', and '5', like Bukawa, even though "salu" '2', "sidi" '3', and "sôha" '4' contain the Lower Markham numeral classifier *sV-. (The pattern for numerals in the other Markham languages is '1', '2', '2+1', '2+2', then 'hand' or '2+2+1', and so on.)
Phonology.
Labu distinguishes 7 vowels and 17 consonants. The vowels also exhibit contrasts between high and low pitch (or "tone"), just as in Yabêm, the Lutheran mission lingua franca for the coastal languages of Morobe Province during much of the 20th century. The orthography of Labu is based on that of Yabêm (= Jabêm), except that "y" replaces Yabêm "j".
Tone contrasts.
The vowels of some words in Labu are distinguished by lowered pitch, which is marked orthographically by a grave accent. Labu distinctions in tone are thus based on register tone, not contour tone as in Mandarin Chinese. Register tone contrasts are a relatively recent innovation of the North Huon Gulf languages, which many Labu speakers include in their linguistic repertoires, so one should not look back to voice contrasts in Proto-Oceanic (POc) or some other ancestral language to explain the origins of tone contrasts in Labu. Instead, one should look to areal influences, primarily from neighboring Bukawa.
Morphology.
Deictics.
Labu deictics correlate with first, second, and third person, the first two of which have long and short forms. The third person singular free pronoun can also take deictic suffixes: "ini-ne" 'this/these one(s)', "ini-lê" 'that/those one(s)'. Deictics may occur either in place of nouns or postposed to nouns, as in "hanô lene" 'that house'.
Numerals.
Traditional Labu counting practices started with the digits of one hand, then continued on the other hand, and then the feet to reach '20', which translates as 'one person'. Higher numbers are multiples of 'one person'. Nowadays, most counting above '5' is done in Tok Pisin.
Names.
Like most of the coastal languages around the Huon Gulf, Labu has a system of birth-order names.

</doc>
<doc id="9682788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682788" title="Politics (film)">
Politics (film)

Ricky Gervais Live 2: Politics is the title of a performance by British comedian Ricky Gervais. It was filmed at the Palace Theatre, London, United Kingdom in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9682798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682798" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Arizona">
List of law enforcement agencies in Arizona

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9682799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682799" title="Fantaghirò (TV series)">
Fantaghirò (TV series)

Fantaghirò is a 1999 Spanish animated television series that is based on the Italian fantasy film series "Fantaghirò". The series was created by BRB Internacional with animation by Colorland Animation Production, with 26 episodes produced in all. The series is different from the films in that it is more fast-paced and light-hearted.
Plot.
The series uses elements from all five of the live-action "Fantaghirò" movies, combining and rearranging various events and characters appearances. The main theme throughout the series is the love between Fantaghirò and Romualdo, which changes and affects everyone around them. The main villains throughout the series are the Dark Witch and Darken, both of whom appear from the very first episode. Various places and people that were not named in the films have been given names in this series, such as the kingdoms of Tuan and Dana, which are Fantaghirò and Romualdo's respective home kingdoms.
The series revolves around the adventures of Fantaghirò, the youngest daughter of King Hadrian of the kingdom of Tuan. She is brave and outspoken, and refuses to be demure and obedient like all women are supposed to be. Initially unknown to her, Fantaghirò was born with a very specific destiny, which is to destroy all the evil in the land. Her passion comes from her great love for Romualdo, the prince of the kingdom of Dana. Throughout the series the Dark Witch and Darken attempt to separate or destroy both Fantaghirò and Romualdo.
Characters.
Many of the characters from the live-action films are in this animated series, but some have been renamed or changed. There also a number of new characters added. Among the film characters that have been brought over to the series are Fantaghirò, Romualdo, Fantaghirò's father, Catherine, Caroline, Cataldo, Ivaldo, the Dark Witch, Darken, Tarabas, Xelesia and Golden Mane. However the character of Tarabas, who was a very prominent character in the third and fourth films, is only a minor character in this series. Characters that have been changed are Lightning and Bolt from the films, who have become an imp-boy named Flash and a Cat named Bolt, and the White Witch who has been split into two characters named the White Fairy and Mother Goose.

</doc>
<doc id="9682814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682814" title="Saddleback Maine (ski resort)">
Saddleback Maine (ski resort)

Saddleback Maine is a ski resort located in Dallas Plantation, near Rangeley, Maine, on the northwestern slopes of Saddleback Mountain. It is the third largest ski area in Maine, in terms of number of trails (66), number of lifts (5), snowmaking percentage (85%), vertical drop (2000 ft) and skier days.
All of the trail names at Saddleback are named after famous fishing flys created in Rangeley by anglers Carrie Stevens, Bud Wilcox, and Dick Frost. Some of these fly names include "Supervisor", "Peachy's Peril", "Royal Tiger", and "America". All of the chairlifts at Saddleback are named after popular fly fishing rivers, such as the "Rangeley" River, "South Branch" (of the Dead River), and the "Magalloway" River.
Terrain.
Saddleback's terrain consist of 38% Beginner trails (25 trails), 29% Intermediate trails (19 trails) and 33% Advance and Expert trails (22 trails). There are also five (5) ski lifts, which include two, fixed grip quads, two fixed grip doubles, and a T-bar
The mountain is broken up into three sections, the upper, middle, and lower sections, which consist of terrain from double black diamond (hardest) to green circle (easiest). Each section of the mountain is serviced by a variety of lifts.
The lower mountain consist of 18 beginner trails, and is serviced by the South Branch Quad, and the Sandy Double Chair. The terrain is very mild and flat, and most of it is located below the base lodge which helps to keep skier traffic to a minimum. Saddleback sells a separate ski ticket on certain weekends and holidays, which is only good for the South Branch Quad. This allows for the ski area to reduce the price of the ticket because it only allows access to a limited amount of terrain. Since the new ownership, eleven new trails have been cut in this area and two quad chairlifts has been installed.
The middle mountain consist mostly of intermediate terrain, with a few expert trails thrown in. The terrain is serviced by the Rangeley Chair and the Cupsuptic T-Bar. One beginner trail "Hudson Highway" (a former jeep trail) runs from the top of the Rangeley Chair and Cupsuptic T-Bar to the base area. This section of the mountain consist of notable trails such as "Grey Ghost", which has many head walls, flats, and curves, making it a fun and popular trail. "Blue Devil" is another popular trail because of its classic New England style, which is very curvy and narrow to protect the snow on the trail from the wind. Since the new ownership, four new trails have been cut in this area.
The upper mountain, also referred to as "The Kennebago Steeps, consisting of mostly advanced and expert trails". It is serviced solely by the Kennebago Quad chairlift, which was installed in the summer of 2008 to replace the Kennebago T-Bar. It has such famous trails as "Muleskinner", "Intimidator", "Governor", and "Nightmare Glades". It also has two intermediate trails, "Tri-Color", which runs from the summit, and "America", which is the continuation of the former jeep trail. Since the new ownership, seven new trails have been cut in this area.
History.
The 1990s.
Through the 1990s, the ski resort's prior owner, Donald Breen, engaged in a protracted dispute with conservation advocates over the Appalachian Trail corridor, which runs across the ridge at the top of the ski resort. Breen settled the dispute with the National Park Service, which manages the trail, in 2000, and in the fall of 2003, Breen sold most of the resort to the Berry family, for $7.5 million.
The 2000s: Ownership by the Berry Family.
The Berry family built a new base lodge, six new trails, and a new quad chairlift (the resort's first new chairlift in 30 years) in 2004.
In 2007, the Maine Land Use Regulation Commission approved Saddleback's 10-year development plan, which calls for a major expansion of lifts, trails, vacation homes, and other facilities.
In the summer of 2008, a second quad chairlift was built to replace the Kennebago t-bar at the top of the ski area, along with new trails. The Kennebago Quad is a Dopplemayr quad chairlift that has replaced the Kennebago T-bar, and services 15 trails and glades. The new chair provides easy and faster access to the spectacular high-elevation advanced terrain with incredible views of the lakes and Western Maine Mountains.
In 2009 a new yurt was built at the base of the Kennebago Quad lift. It is equipped with heat, power, and composting toilets. It offers hot and cold beverages, soups, chowders, sandwiches, and snacks.
A glade area, Casablanca, was cut between Muleskinner and Black Beauty for the 09-10 ski season.
In 2010, two new Pisten Bully Snow Groomers were added to the mountain's fleet of groomers.
During the summer of 2010 a new glade area was cut between Jane Craig and Professor. This section is unnamed.
Since the purchase in 2004, terrain has been increased by over 44%, snowmaking increased to over 85%, the grooming fleet has been replaced, and the Rangeley Chair has been upgraded and lengthened so it can be easily accessible from the base lodge. A new Lodge has been built, along with three new condominium complexes, and the mountain Saddleback's real estate office known as Saddleback Village,
The 2010s: New Ownership.
In December, 2012, The Berry's announced that Saddleback Mountain was for sale for $12 millions dollars. 
Gallery.
New Kennebago Quad Chairlift
Other Photos

</doc>
<doc id="9682847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682847" title="World Without End (Follett novel)">
World Without End (Follett novel)

World Without End is a best-selling 2007 novel by Ken Follett and the sequel to 1989's "The Pillars of the Earth".
"World Without End" takes place in the same fictional town as "Pillars of the Earth"—Kingsbridge—and features the descendants of some "Pillars" characters 157 years later. The plot incorporates two major historical events, the start of the Hundred Years' War and the Black Death. The author was inspired by real historical events relating to the Cathedral of Santa María in Vitoria-Gasteiz.
A television miniseries based on the novel aired worldwide in 2012. It premiered on Showcase in Canada on 4 September 2012; in the United States on Reelz Channel on 17 October 2012; on Channel 4 in the UK on 22 December, and on Star Movies in the Philippines in January 2013. The eight-part television event miniseries stars Cynthia Nixon, Miranda Richardson, Peter Firth, Ben Chaplin, Charlotte Riley, Sarah Gadon and Tom Weston-Jones. It was directed by Michael Caton-Jones who also directed the historical epic Rob Roy.
Plot summary.
The novel begins in the fictional city of Kingsbridge, England in the year 1327. Four children - Merthin, Caris, Gwenda, and Merthin's brother Ralph - head into the woods on All Hallows Day. Together the children witness two men-at-arms killed in self-defence by Sir Thomas Langley, aided by Ralph. The children then flee, with the exception of Merthin, who helps the wounded Sir Thomas bury a letter with instructions to dig up and deliver it if and when Sir Thomas should die. After this Sir Thomas flees to Kingsbridge and seeks refuge in the monastery and becomes a Benedictine monk, while the four children swear never to speak of what they saw.
Ten years later Caris and Merthin are in love. When a section of the vault of the Kingsbridge Cathedral collapses Merthin, now an apprentice carpenter, shows his genius by developing a cheaper means of repair than his master.
Ralph, now a squire to Earl Roland of Shiring, provokes a fight and has his nose broken by a handsome peasant from Gwenda's village named Wulfric, for whom Gwenda has a hopeless infatuation. Gwenda is sold for a cow by her father to be prostituted at an outlaws' camp. She kills one of the outlaws while he is raping her, and escapes. She is followed by her buyer, but is able to drown him when the Kingsbridge bridge collapses, a tragedy that kills many, including all of Wulfric's immediate family and Prior Anthony of Kingsbridge. In the midst of the disaster Ralph saves Earl Roland's life and is rewarded with the lordship of Gwenda's village of Wigleigh.
Gwenda and Wulfric return to Wigleigh and attempt to gain Wulfric the inheritance of his father's land. The inheritance is eventually denied by Ralph because of the grudge he bears against Wulfric. Due to his poor prospects, Wulfric's beautiful wife-to-be, Annet, leaves him allowing Gwenda to marry him instead. Gwenda then tries to win Wulfric back his lands by having sex with Ralph, but Ralph does not uphold his end of the deal. Gwenda's first son, Sam, is conceived through this liaison.
Meanwhile, the monastery's Sacrist, Godwyn, a nephew of Prior Anthony, outwits his opponents and wins the priory election in an overwhelming victory. Godwyn claims to be a reformer, but turns out to be even more conservative and quickly begins to clash with the townsmen on a number of issues, including the funding and building of a fabulous new bridge designed by Merthin and allowing the townspeople to full wool for a growing fabric industry. Caris, who becomes the de facto alderman, is a particular problem. Despite being her cousin, Godwyn charges Caris with witchcraft hoping to have her executed to get her out of the way. To escape execution, Caris agrees to join the Kingsbridge nunnery. With his impending marriage to Caris made impossible, Merthin leaves Kingsbridge for Florence, Italy to pursue his building career.
Eight years later, when Godwyn steals money from the substantially more profitable nuns, Caris travels to France to petition the bishop, who is fighting with King Edward III in France. Along the way she witnesses the ravages of the war and acts as a field nurse during the Battle of Crecy, during which Ralph, having fled charges of rape and murder in England, saves the life of the Prince of Wales and is rewarded with his lifelong dream of knighthood. Caris's errand is fruitless, however, as the bishop of Kingsbridge as well as Earl Roland have been killed in the battle.
In Florence, the city is ravaged by the Black Death, having arrived in Messina in 1347. After recovering from the plague, a newly widowed Merthin experiences an epiphany of his love for Caris and returns to Kingsbridge with his daughter Laura (Lolla). There he finds Caris unwilling to renounce her vows and the two go through a sporadic liaison. At the same time, Merthin re-establishes himself in the community by solving flaws left in the new bridge during its completion after his departure.
Thousands of residents of Kingsbridge die in the outbreak of plague, and the city quickly descends into anarchy. Godwyn loses his nerve and flees with the monks to an isolated chapel where he and all the monks die except for Gwenda's brother Philemon, who fled, and Thomas Langley. After the prioress of the nunnery dies Caris is elected Prioress and promoted acting Prior in the absence of Godwin, and she institutes the use of masks and cleanliness which help to protect the nuns from the plague.
After William, the new Earl of Shiring, dies from the plague along with all his male heirs, Ralph sees a chance to become Earl. After murdering his young wife Matilda (Tilly) he arranges his marriage to William's widow Lady Phillipa, whom he has long desired, and makes himself Earl. However Philippa spurns him and leaves for the Kingsbridge nunnery, where she has a rendezvous with Merthin and conceives his child. Afraid of Ralph's wrath, Philippa seduces Ralph to make him believe the child is his. As a result Merthin and Phillipa cannot continue their liaison.
After two years, the plague dissipates and Caris renounces her vows, after finally being able to run her own independent hospital, and marries Merthin. After ten years of hardship, the people of Kingsbridge are granted a borough charter, freeing them from the lordship of the priory, and Merthin becomes alderman. Merthin also solves the long troublesome problem of why the vault of the cathedral collapsed by dismantling and rebuilding one of the towers which he redesigns to be the tallest building in England.
Labour shortages resulting from the plague allow Wulfric to regain his father's land. When Sam, the secret son of Ralph, kills the local bailiff's son, Gwenda reveals his true parentage to Ralph to gain Sam's release. Armed with this knowledge, Ralph blackmails Gwenda into having sex with him again. When Sam walks in on this, there is struggle in which Sam and Gwenda kill Ralph. Davey, Gwenda's second son, negotiates a free tenancy and marries Amabel, the daughter of Wulfric's former wife-to-be, proving to Gwenda that her life has had some worth.
Gwenda's conniving brother Philemon becomes Prior of Kingsbridge and even tries to become Bishop, but his ambition is ruined after Sir Thomas Langley dies of old age. Merthin keeps his promise and digs up the letter which reveals that the deposed King Edward II had secretly survived and had gone overseas. Merthin trades the letter to a member of the king's court in exchange for Philemon's departure from Kingsbridge forever.
As the plague comes back, Caris's intelligence, practical sense and determination allow the townspeople to subdue this second outbreak, making her the most popular and revered figure in Kingsbridge. Merthin completes his spire and succeeds in making Kingsbridge cathedral the tallest building in England.
Television adaptation.
A television adaptation, produced by Scott Free and Tandem Communications, adapted by John Pielmeier, and directed by Michael Caton-Jones was broadcast in the United Kingdom in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9682858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682858" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Arkansas">
List of law enforcement agencies in Arkansas

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="9682865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682865" title="KOCP">
KOCP

KOCP (95.9 FM, "Rewind 95.9") is a commercial radio station located in Camarillo, California, broadcasting to the Oxnard-Ventura, California, area. KOCP plays a 70s-80s classic hits music format. It is owned by Gold Coast Broadcasting LLC.
History.
The station went on the air as KEWE with an automated soft rock format in 1972. Five years later, it adopted the call letters KGAB as album rock station "B96" before changing to adult contemporary in 1982 as KZTR (K-Star). It kept the KZTR call letters as "96ZTR" when it went classic rock in 1987, then went Spanish language for four years in the early 1990s as KELF ("El Elefante"). In 1995 they changed their call letters to KOCP and aired a classic rock format branded as "The Octopus'. On August 25, 2010 KOCP changed their format to classic hits branded as "Rewind 95.9". 

</doc>
<doc id="9682872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682872" title="Walter Herok">
Walter Herok

Walter Herok [Herot] was a cleric from 13th century and 14th century Scotland. He served as Dean of Moray from 1296 or before until 1329. In that year, after the death of Henry le Chen, he was elected Bishop of Aberdeen. Walter travelled to Avignon to receive consecration from Pope John XXII, but died there, apparently before receiving consecration. Alexander de Kininmund became bishop instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9682894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682894" title="List of law enforcement agencies in California">
List of law enforcement agencies in California

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in California, including local (city), county, and statewide agencies. Historic agencies are included.

</doc>
<doc id="9682899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682899" title="Lala, Assam">
Lala, Assam

"For other uses of Lala please see Lala (disambiguation)"
Lala is a town and a town area committee in Hailakandi district in the Indian state of Assam.
Geography.
Lala is located at . It has an average elevation of 24 metres (78 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="9682929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682929" title="R. Crumb and his Cheap Suit Serenaders No. 2">
R. Crumb and his Cheap Suit Serenaders No. 2

R. Crumb and his Cheap Suit Serenaders Number 2 is the second 33⅓ rpm album by the retro string band R. Crumb & His Cheap Suit Serenaders and its subtitle was "Persian Rug, Crying My Blues Away, Moana March and Other Favorites". The album was later retitled Chasin' Rainbows in re-release on CD (Shanachie 6002, 1993 - ASIN: B000000DSO) from Shanachie Records. The band's personnel includes Robert Crumb on lead vocal and banjo, Allan Dodge on mandolin, violin, ukulele and vocals, Robert Armstrong on guitars, accordion, banjo, musical saw and vocals, Terry Zwigoff, who later produced the documentary "Crumb", on cello. Originally released on Blue Goose Records in 1976, this record became a collectible not only for the whimsical string band renditions of and reminiscent of the early 20th century music, but for the cover art drawn by the band's frontman and well-known comics artist Robert Crumb. 
Track listing.
Side B.
All arrangements by R. Crumb and his Cheap Suit Serenader, copyright by Yellow Bee Music (BMI) - 1976.
The band.
Special guest appearances.
Produced for Blue Goose Records, A division of Yellow Bee Productions by Nick Perls, founder of Blue Goose Records and Yazoo Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9682933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682933" title="Liang-Jie Zhang">
Liang-Jie Zhang

Liang-Jie (LJ) Zhang () is a computer scientist, a former Research Staff Member at IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center, Senior Vice President, Chief Scientist, & Director of Research at Kingdee International Software Group Company Limited, and director of The Open Group.
He received his Ph.D. on Pattern Recognition and Intelligent Control from Tsinghua University in 1996. He joined IBM China Research Lab as a Staff Research Member in 1996. He then joined Polytechnical University as a postdoctoral scientist (May 1997-March 1998) before joining the IBM Thomas .J. Watson Research Center in March 1998. He chaired the Services Computing Professional Interest Community at IBM Research from 2004 to 2006. He also chaired the IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Services Computing from 2005 to 2008. He was the lead IBM researcher on Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) solutions, web services, and interactive media systems. More specifically, he was the designer of HyperChain Framework and a lead architect for the IBM "HotVideo" Hyper Video technology (which won the CNET/PC Expo's "Best of Show Software Award" in 2000.)
He has served as the Editor-in-Chief of the "International Journal of Web Services Research" since 2003 and is the founding Editor-in-Chief of "IEEE Transactions on Services Computing".
He was elected as a Fellow of the IEEE in 2011, and in the same year won the IEEE Technical Achievement Award "for pioneering contributions to Application Design Techniques in Services Computing".
Publications.
He is co-author of "PL/M Program Design Skills & Examples For Intel Micro-controller," by Liang-Jie Zhang, Sheng Lin, Cun-Kui Fan, Science Press (China Academy Of Science), ISBN 7-03-004736-2. 1996, and editor of five published books of IEEE and other major conference proceedings on web services:
He is also the author of 74 book chapters and other technical papers on his subject. He also holds over 35 patents. His tutorial on Grid computing applications has been widely cited.

</doc>
<doc id="9682943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682943" title="NGC 7635">
NGC 7635

NGC 7635, also called the Bubble Nebula, Sharpless 162, or Caldwell 11, is a H II region emission nebula in the constellation Cassiopeia. It lies close to the direction of the open cluster Messier 52. The "bubble" is created by the stellar wind from a massive hot, 8.7 magnitude young central star, the 15 ± 5 M☉ SAO 20575 (BD+60 2522). The nebula is near a giant molecular cloud which contains the expansion of the bubble nebula while itself being excited by the hot central star, causing it to glow. It was discovered in 1787 by William Herschel. The star SAO 20575 or BD+602522 is thought to have a mass of 10-40 Solar masses.
Amateur observation.
With an 8 or telescope, the nebula is visible as an extremely faint and large shell around the star. The nearby 7th magnitude star on the west hinders observation, but one can view the nebula using averted vision. Using a 16 to scope, one can see that the faint nebula is irregular, being elongated in the north south direction.

</doc>
<doc id="9682954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682954" title="James Luisi">
James Luisi

James A. Luisi (November 2, 1928 - June 7, 2002) was an American professional basketball player and actor. Luisi is perhaps best known for his role as Lt. Doug Chapman during Seasons 3 through 6 of the television series "The Rockford Files."
Career.
Born in East Harlem, New York City, Luisi attended St. Francis College on a basketball scholarship before playing with the Baltimore Bullets from 1953 to 1954. At 6'2" (1.88 m) and 180 lb (82 kg), he played guard. Luisi then attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, and appeared on Broadway in productions of "Alfie" and "Do I Hear a Waltz?", and the original 1966 production of "Sweet Charity".
Luisi went on to appear in various television programs such as "Naked City," "Adam-12," "The Rookies", "Kojak" and "Barnaby Jones". In 1976, he won an Emmy Award for his portrayal of George Washington in the 1975 miniseries "First Ladies Diaries: Martha Washington". After his Emmy win, Luisi had guest roles on "Matt Houston", "Days of Our Lives", "L.A. Law" and "Silk Stalkings". He also had roles in several films including "Norma Rae" (1979) and "Star 80" (1983).
Death.
Luisi died of cancer in 2002. He is buried in Pierce Brothers Valhalla Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9682967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682967" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Colorado">
List of law enforcement agencies in Colorado

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="9682986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9682986" title="Soheila Zaland">
Soheila Zaland

Sohaila Zaland (Pashto: سهیلا ځلاند) (Dari: سهیلا زلاند) is a popular singer of Afghanistan. She is the daughter of singer and composer Ustad Zaland. She is sister of composer Farid Zaland and singers Shahla Zaland and Wahid Zaland.
Personal life.
Sohaila is married to an Iranian-American. Her song Waqti Ashiq Shawi (When you fall in love) has been sung by many Iranian singers, notably Hayedeh. In one of her interviews on "Afghan diaspora TV network", she talked about her family's disapproval of her singing. In recent years, she has managed to keep a low profile.

</doc>
<doc id="9683015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683015" title="Tokyo Metropolitan Matsuzawa Hospital">
Tokyo Metropolitan Matsuzawa Hospital

Its address is 2-1-1, Kamikitazawa, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo, Japan

</doc>
<doc id="9683019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683019" title="Cafaro Company">
Cafaro Company

Cafaro Company is an American company which owns several retail shopping centers throughout the United States. Based in Youngstown, Ohio, it is the largest privately owned shopping center development and management company in the United States.
Cafaro Company began in the 1940s. William M. Cafaro and his brother John began developing grocery stores for Kroger, and later moved on to developing shopping centers. The two brothers managed the non-grocery tenants in the centers they developed. In 1965, they opened their first regional mall property.
In the 1980s, Target Corporation asked Cafaro to develop centers for them in the Pacific Northwest.
The company manages more than of commercial real estate throughout the United States. Anthony Cafaro, Sr., retired as president and CEO of the Cafaro Company in December, 2009. His sons Anthony Jr. and William A. now share the title of Co-President. Since 2006, the company has been engaged in an aggressive program of renovation of its existing properties. Millions of dollars have been invested in refurbishing the Cafaro malls, adding features such as contemporary decor, food courts, children's play areas and other popular customer amenities. 
In addition to physical reconstitution, the company is in the process of re-merchandising several properties.

</doc>
<doc id="9683026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683026" title="Delta-V (musical group)">
Delta-V (musical group)

Delta V is an Italian musical group formed in 1995. Its current line-up is composed of Carlo Bertotti, Flavio Ferri, Fefo Forconi and Francesca Tourè. They debuted in 1998 with the album "Spazio", and their greatest hits are songs such as "Se telefonando" and "Un'estate fa". Their latest album is "Pioggia.Rosso.Acciaio".
Biography.
1990-1995.
Carlo Bertotti and Flavio Ferri met in school. In 1980, they both became part of Vienna, who in 1990 published the album "Giù, senza fare rumore", which was unsuccessful, but in 1992 they published "Fiori blu", with Carlo as producer and Flavio as vocalist. After this, they decided to dedicate themselves entirely to creating music for advertising, until 1995, when MCA Music Italy signed them and created "Straker & Foster", a name inspired by characters in a cult television SF series, "UFO".
1996-2000.
In 1996, the pair began collaboration with Roberto Vernetti, a producer. The next year they signed a contract with BMG Memories. The group named themselves "Delta V", from "Delta di Venere". Initially, the vocalist was Alice Ricciardi, but she left before the first album was recorded. She was replaced by Francesca Touré.
In early 1998, the group released their first singles, "AL.C" and "Il mondo visto dallo spazio", which helped them spread their name through radio and television, culminating in the release of their debut album, "Spazio". It wasn't until their third single, a re-make of Mina's "Se telefonando" that Delta V entered 'heavy rotation' and became one of the "alternative" hits of the summer. In Autumn, a single from the album "Facile" was released to accompany the group's first national tour.
Following the tour, Carlo and Flavio began working on a second album, and decide to undertake new roads, leaving the 'trip-hop' of the debut for a more electronic pop. As a result, Francesca Tourè was replaced with vocalist Lu Heredia.
In 1999, they released their next album, "Psychobeat", which was preceded by the single "Sul filo", accompanied by a successful video single "Il primo giorno del mondo", in which Angela Baraldi, Garbo and Mao appear, and a remixed version of "Marta ha fatto un sogno". This album wasn't as successful as their first, and today it is the only Delta V album not to be available.
In Spring 2000, the group did their "Per la bellezza tour", a tour across all Italy. The experience is chronicled in the song "L'infinito", which can be downloaded on-line.
2001-2004.
In Autumn 2000, Carlo and Flavio started work on their new album, and recruited a new vocalist, American vocalist Georgeanne Kalweit. In May 2001, a new single, "Un'estate fa" was released, and spent more than 20 weeks on the charts. It was accompanied by a music video and the group made numerous television appearances to produce hype for their third album, which was released in October, "Monaco '74". They then toured Italy.
Roles were reversed for the fourth album: Carl wrote while Flavio produced. On February 13, 2004 the group released the single "Prendila così" (Lucio Battisti's cover), from their album "Le Cose Cambiano", released on February 26. A music video was released, but triggered the ire of Battisti's widow, and was pulled off the air. The group began touring again with a new single "Via da qui".
2005-present.
In September 2004, the contract between Delta V and BMG Memories expired, cancelling future tour dates and the release of a third single from the album, "La costruzione di un errore". Gi left the group because of differences with the other members. In June 2005, BMG Memories released the "Delta V collection", a CD and DVD containing all the music videos of the group. The music label consulted neither Carlo nor Flavio, and the selection of tracks was criticized by fans.
Carlo and Flavio signed a 2-album contract with Flavio with Virgin Records, and work began on a new album in Autumn, in which Francesca Tourè returned as a vocalist, and the entry of Fefo Forconi into the Delta V roster.
On February 2006, a new single, "Adesso e mai", was released, and just over a month later, March 31, the fifth album of Delta V was released, "Pioggia.Rosso.Acciaio", to critical acclaim, and a new single was released, a cover, "Ritornerai".

</doc>
<doc id="9683035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683035" title="Kevin Gunderson">
Kevin Gunderson

Kevin Gunderson (born September 16, 1984 in Portland, Oregon) is a Minor League Baseball pitcher who played for the Oregon State Beavers of Oregon State University before being drafted by the Atlanta Braves.
College career.
Gunderson pitched for Oregon State from 2004-2006, including pitching games in the 2006 College World Series. He had a key part in the final series between Oregon State and the North Carolina Tar Heels. Gunderson had relief stints in games two and three of the final series, picking up the win in game two and a save in game three. He was named to the All-Tournament Team in 2006. At Oregon State he majored in Communications, and was an All-American in both 2005 and 2006. He was also a member of the Team USA national team along with his OSU teammate, Jonah Nickerson. Gunderson came to Oregon State from Central Catholic High School in Portland, Oregon where he was a member of the All-State team.
Minor League career.
Gunderson was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the fifth round of the 2006 MLB draft. After signing he was sent to play for the Danville Braves to have a Minor League Baseball career before having a shot in the big leagues. After pitching just one game for Danville, because the college season runs into part of the rookie minor league season, Gunderson was relocated to the Rome Braves. He moved up to the A-Advanced Myrtle Beach Pelicans in April 2007. In 2008 Gunderson split time between Myrtle Beach and the AA Mississippi Braves. In 2009 Gunderson split time between Mississippi and the AAA Gwinnett Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="9683038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683038" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Connecticut">
List of law enforcement agencies in Connecticut

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="9683040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683040" title="Shahla Zaland">
Shahla Zaland

Shahla Zaland () (also spelled as Shahla Zoland & شهلا زولاند) is an Afghan singer. She is the daughter of singer and composer Ustad Zaland.
She is sister to composer Farid Zaland and singers Soheila Zaland and Wahid Zaland. Shahla shared stages with some of the most notable singer such as her father Ustad Zaland, her aunt Jila and Iranian singer Leila Forouhar. Her first song is "Hamsadaye Khobe-man" which was composed by her father Ustad Zaland.

</doc>
<doc id="9683069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683069" title="Giveh">
Giveh

Giveh, pronounced /gi:ve/ in Persian or /gi:wæ/ in Kurdish, is a kind of soft, comfortable, durable and handwoven-top shoe common in several parts of Iran especially in rural and mountainous areas of Kermanshah Province. The production centers of Giveh are the two provinces of Yazd and Kermanshah in Iran.
Giveh is made up of two parts: sole and upper. The sole is usually rubber or leather the upper is woven thread. Before the arrival of rubber industry to the area Giveh-makers would use a kind of wild-bull leather to make giveh and the upper was of wool or cotton thread. Most rich people would wear them. With the arrival of rubber industry lower-class people use rubber in the sole of their shoes.

</doc>
<doc id="9683077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683077" title="The Hunter Gracchus">
The Hunter Gracchus

"The Hunter Gracchus" (German: "Der Jäger Gracchus") is a short story written by Franz Kafka.
The story presents a death boat carrying the long dead Hunter Gracchus as it arrives at a port. The Burgomaster of Riva enters the boat and inside he meets Gracchus who gives him an account of his death while hunting and how he is destined to wander aimlessly and eternally over the seas. An additional fragment presents an extended dialogue between Gracchus and an unnamed interviewer, supposedly the same Burgomaster.
Written in the first half of 1917, the story was published posthumously in "Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer" (Berlin, 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in "The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections" (New York: Schocken Books, 1946). The story and fragment both appear in "The Complete Stories".
In a diary entry from 6 April 1917 Kafka describes a strange boat standing at port which he is told belongs to the Hunter Gracchus. 
Kafka's short story is paraphrased in, and its content interwoven into, the novel "Vertigo" by W G Sebald.

</doc>
<doc id="9683104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683104" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Delaware">
List of law enforcement agencies in Delaware

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="9683105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683105" title="Harbor Hill">
Harbor Hill

Harbor Hill was a spectacular Long Island mansion built from 1899-1902 in Roslyn, New York, commissioned by Clarence Hungerford Mackay. It was designed by McKim, Mead, and White, with Stanford White supervising the project. It was the largest home he ever designed.[http://antiquesandthearts.com/archive/stan.htm]
Clarence Mackay (1874–1938) was the son of Comstock Lode magnate John William Mackay, and inherited much of an estimated $500 million fortune upon his father's death in 1902 (approximately $13 billion in 2012 dollars). White collaborated closely with Clarence Mackay's wife, Katharine Duer Mackay (1880–1930), and with her approval, based the main façade of Harbor Hill upon that of François Mansart's Château de Maisons of 1642, using a mix of other influences to finish the overall design.
Built at great expense and furnished lavishly (at least three different decorating firms were employed), the home originally sat on and enjoyed views across Roslyn Harbor to Long Island Sound. Formal terraces and gardens were finished by Guy Lowell. After Harbor Hill was dynamited in 1947, a fountain with four equestrian statues, designed by Henri-Léon Gréber, was moved to Kansas City, Missouri where it has since been on public display adjacent to the Country Club Plaza.
Summit.
Harbor Hill, the site of the former mansion, is the highest point in Nassau County, New York, at 348 feet. Whether Harbor Hill or 401-foot Jayne's Hill to the east was the highest point on Long Island was a point of some debate in the 19th century, with Harbor Hill often thought to be the highest summit.
Remaining buildings.
Three remaining buildings from the Harbor Hill estate were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991: Mackay Estate Dairyman's Cottage, Mackay Estate Gate Lodge, and Mackay Estate Water Tower.
External links.
See also "Harbor Hill: Portrait of a House" by Richard Guy Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="9683115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683115" title="Akō Line">
Akō Line

The entire line is single track. Only one train runs the entire length of the line, with service split at Banshū-Akō, and no trains terminate at either of the official terminals. Trains from the east continue from Himeji on the Sanyō Main Line and terminate at Akō, while westbound service originating from Akō continue past Higashi-Okayama and continue on the Sanyō Main Line to Okayama and beyond. Rapid and Special Rapid Service trains from Kyoto and beyond make local stops between Aioi and Akō, and the segment of the line is part of JR West's Kinki region Urban Network.
See also.
Main line alternate routes

</doc>
<doc id="9683136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683136" title="Effective medium approximations">
Effective medium approximations

Effective medium approximations or effective medium theory (sometimes abbreviated as EMA or EMT) pertains to analytical or theoretical modeling that describes the macroscopic properties of composite materials. EMAs or EMTs are developed from averaging the multiple values of the constituents that directly make up the composite material. At the constituent level, the values of the materials vary and are inhomogeneous. Precise calculation of the many constituent values is nearly impossible. However, theories have been developed that can produce acceptable approximations which in turn describe useful parameters and properties of the composite material as a whole. In this sense, effective medium approximations are descriptions of a medium (composite material) based on the properties and the relative fractions of its components and are derived from calculations.
Applications.
They can be discrete models such as applied to resistor networks or continuum theories as applied to elasticity or viscosity but most of the current theories have difficulty in describing percolating systems. Indeed, among the numerous effective medium approximations, only Bruggeman’s symmetrical theory is able to predict a threshold. This characteristic feature of the latter theory puts it in the same category as other mean field theories of critical phenomena.
There are many different effective medium approximations, each of them being more or less accurate in distinct conditions. Nevertheless, they all assume that the macroscopic system is homogeneous and typical of all mean field theories, they fail to predict the properties of a multiphase medium close to the percolation threshold due to the absence of long-range correlations or critical fluctuations in the theory.
The properties under consideration are usually the conductivity formula_1 or the dielectric constant formula_2 of the medium. These parameters are interchangeable in the formulas in a whole range of models due to the wide applicability of the Laplace equation. The problems that fall outside of this class are mainly in the field of elasticity and hydrodynamics, due to the higher order tensorial character of the effective medium constants.
Bruggeman's Model.
Formulas.
Without any loss of generality, we shall consider the study of the effective conductivity (which can be either dc or ac) for a system made up of spherical multicomponent inclusions with different arbitrary conductivities. Then the Bruggeman formula takes the form:
Circular and spherical inclusions.
formula_3
In a system of Euclidean spatial dimension formula_4 that has an arbitrary number of components, the sum is made over all the constituents. formula_5 and formula_6 are respectively the fraction and the conductivity of each component, and formula_7 is the effective conductivity of the medium. (The sum over the formula_5's is unity.)
Elliptical and ellipsoidal inclusions.
formula_9
This is a generalization of Eq. (1) to a biphasic system with ellipsoidal inclusions of conductivity formula_1 into a matrix of conductivity formula_11. The fraction of inclusions is formula_12 and the system is formula_13 dimensional. For randomly oriented inclusions,
formula_14
where the formula_15's denote the appropriate doublet/triplet of depolarization factors which is governed by the ratios between the axis of the ellipse/ellipsoid. For example: in the case of a circle {formula_16, formula_17} and in the case of a sphere {formula_18, formula_19, formula_20}. (The sum over the formula_15 's is unity.)
The most general case to which the Bruggeman approach has been applied involves bianisotropic ellipsoidal inclusions.
Derivation.
The figure illustrates a two-component medium. Let us consider the cross-hatched volume of conductivity formula_22, take it as a sphere of volume formula_23 and assume it is embedded in a uniform medium with an effective conductivity formula_7. If the electric field far from the inclusion is formula_25 then elementary considerations lead to a dipole moment associated with the volume
formula_26
This polarization produces a deviation from formula_25. If the average deviation is to vanish, the total polarization summed over the two types of inclusion must vanish. Thus
formula_28
where formula_29 and formula_30 are respectively the volume fraction of material 1 and 2. This can be easily extended to a system of dimension formula_13 that has an arbitrary number of components. All cases
can be combined to yield Eq. (1).
Eq. (1) can also be obtained by requiring the deviation in current to vanish
. It has been derived here from the assumption that the inclusions are spherical and it can be modified for shapes with other depolarization factors; leading to Eq. (2).
A more general derivation applicable to bianisotropic materials is also available.
Modeling of percolating systems.
The main approximation is that all the domains are located in an equivalent mean field.
Unfortunately, it is not the case close to the percolation threshold where the system is governed by the largest cluster of conductors, which is a fractal, and long-range correlations that are totally absent from Bruggeman's simple formula.
The threshold values are in general not correctly predicted. It is 33% in the EMA, in three dimensions, far
from the 16% expected from percolation theory and observed in experiments. However, in
two dimensions, the EMA gives a threshold of 50% and has been proven to model percolation
relatively well
Maxwell Garnett Equation.
In the Maxwell Garnett Approximation the effective medium consists of a matrix medium with formula_32 and inclusions with formula_33.
Formula.
The Maxwell Garnett equation reads: 
where formula_35 is the effective dielectric constant of the medium, formula_33 is the one of the inclusions and formula_32 is the one of the matrix; formula_5 is the volume fraction of the inclusions.
The Maxwell Garnett equation is solved by:
so long as the denominator does not vanish. A simple MATLAB calculator using this formula is as follows.
Derivation.
For the derivation of the Maxwell Garnett equation we start with an array of polarizable particles. By using the Lorentz local field concept, we obtain the Clausius-Mossotti relation:
By using elementary electrostatics, we get for a spherical inclusion with dielectric constant formula_33 and a radius formula_42 a polarisability formula_43:
If we combine formula_43 with the Clausius Mosotti equation, we get:
Where formula_47 is the effective dielectric constant of the medium, formula_33 is the one of the inclusions; formula_5 is the volume fraction of the inclusions.
As the model of Maxwell Garnett is a composition of a matrix medium with inclusions we enhance the equation:
Validity.
In general terms, the Maxwell Garnett EMA is expected to be valid at low volume fractions formula_51 since it is assumed that the domains are spatially separated

</doc>
<doc id="9683146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683146" title="Lanka (disambiguation)">
Lanka (disambiguation)

Lanka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9683172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683172" title="List of law enforcement agencies in the District of Columbia">
List of law enforcement agencies in the District of Columbia

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the District of Columbia.
The oldest agencies are the:
Federal police agencies with a presence in Washington DC.
The majority of federal law enforcement agencies have jurisdiction in the District of Columbia; however, some are more overt than others. Title, Description, Coverage, and Force Strength.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="9683182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683182" title="Alafua">
Alafua

Alafua is a village in Samoa. It is approximately two miles from the country's capital, Apia. It is home to The University of the South Pacific at Alafua, the agricultural sector of the USP. It is also home to a popular tourist attraction, the Sliding Rocks, where visitors can slide on several small, smooth rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="9683208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683208" title="Taytay Airport">
Taytay Airport

Cesar Lim Rodriguez (CLR) Airport, more popularly known as Taytay Airport (also: Sandoval Airport), is an airport in Taytay, Palawan, Philippines. The airport was named after Judge Cesar Lim Rodriguez, a native of Taytay, Palawan who donated part of his property for the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9683213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683213" title="E with diaeresis (Cyrillic)">
E with diaeresis (Cyrillic)

E with diaeresis (; italics: "") is a letter of the Cyrillic script. Its form is derived from the Cyrillic letter E (Э э "Э э").
E with diaeresis is used in the alphabet of the Kildin Sami language, where it represents the close-mid front unrounded vowel , following a palatalized (sometimes called "half-palatalized") stop, .

</doc>
<doc id="9683215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683215" title="Lanka, Assam">
Lanka, Assam

Lanka is a town and a town area committee in Nagaon district in the Indian state of Assam.
Geography.
Lanka town of Nagaon District, Assam is located about 66 km east of the district headquarters Nagaon.
Connectivity.
Lanka town is connected by the erstwhile National Highway 54 connecting nearby Dabaka (25 km.)with Silchar (305 km. This highway is now numbered as NH-27 (East - West corridor connecting Porbander in Gujarat to Silchar in Assam). The highway is being developed as a four-lane highway by NHAI. Lanka is also served by a railway line (Guwahati - Lumding BG line)connecting to all parts of Assam and also to Delhi, Howrah etc. The town is about 150 km by rail and 185 km. by road from Guwahati.
History.
A king of BHOUM PAL BARAHI clan made Lanka the Capital of DABAK. The name ‘DABAK’ is a derivative of the Sanskrit word ‘DEVARK’ According to Historian Rajmohan Nath. In olden times, times there was scarcity of water, and the by the regional language LANG KHA means the same, hence the name of the place came into being. During that time the place was a barren land. During the British Invasions water was brought by wagons and this place was also made the base camps. It was only after the earthquake of 1950 that the water level raised again. 
Rangmahala, a place in thet outskirts of Lanka had the King’s Amusement \palace or ‘Rangmahal’
After the rulers abandoned Lanka, Khasi-Jayantiya started to rule.
When King Viswasundar was the ruler of DABAK, Lanka was an independent state.
An inscription of 13th century discovered near Dabaka, has the following lines about Lanka:
“ Kachhar rajyad jayantay lankanta rajyabanta
Yajnamenong daabeka mandali mathastha karyamasa”
The Lankeswari Temple is of historical significance for the place.
Its very much Linked to the Heart and culture of Lanka` 
In the earlier times, the year 1505 to be precise, the first prophet of the Sikhs, Guru Nanak Dev had visited Kamrup (Assam). This fact is recorded in the documents concerning the numerous journeys undertaken by Guru Nanak in various stages of his life. It is said that, he had Srimanta Shankardeva (the founder of the Mahapuruxiya Dharma) as the Guru traveled from Dhaka to Assam.
After this journey by the first Guru, Ninth Guru or prophet of Sikhs Guru Tegh Bahadur also visited Assam in 1668. This was the time when armies of Aurangzeb tried the best to cross the Brahamputra river and enter the Assam. They were thoroughly routed by the Ahom general Lachit Borphukan. Guru visited the place called Dhubri. A famous for the Sikh Gurudwara was constructed to commemorate his visit. Every year Sikhs from all over India and foreign visit this holy place.The grateful Ahom King invited Guruji to the Kamakhya shrine, where he was honoured.
While some died and some came back to Punjab, a few stayed on and made Assam their home, raising families. Their descendants today —mostly concentrated in Nagaon district — are Assamese for all practical purposes, and none speaks Punjabi, but continue to maintain their Sikh identity and observe most tenets and traditions of the religion.
History.
A king of BHOUM PAL BARAHI clan made Lanka the Capital of DABAK. The name ‘DABAK’ is a derivative of the Sanskrit word ‘DEVARK’ According to Historian Rajmohan Nath. In olden times, times there was scarcity of water, and the by the regional language LANG KHA means the same, hence the name of the place came into being. During that time the place was a barren land. During the British Invasions water was brought by wagons and this place was also made the base camps. It was only after the earthquake of 1950 that the water level raised again. 
Rangmahala, a place in thet outskirts of Lanka had the King’s Amusement \palace or ‘Rangmahal’
After the rulers abandoned Lanka, Khasi-Jayantiya started to rule.
When King Viswasundar was the ruler of DABAK, Lanka was an independent state.
An inscription of 13th century discovered near Dabaka, has the following lines about Lanka:
“ Kachhar rajyad jayantay lankanta rajyabanta
Yajnamenong daabeka mandali mathastha karyamasa”
The Lankeswari Temple is of historical significance for the place.
Its very much Linked to the Heart and culture of Lanka` 
In the earlier times, the year 1505 to be precise, the first prophet of the Sikhs, Guru Nanak Dev had visited Kamrup (Assam). This fact is recorded in the documents concerning the numerous journeys undertaken by Guru Nanak in various stages of his life. It is said that, he had Srimanta Shankardeva (the founder of the Mahapuruxiya Dharma) as the Guru traveled from Dhaka to Assam.
After this journey by the first Guru, Ninth Guru or prophet of Sikhs Guru Tegh Bahadur also visited Assam in 1668. This was the time when armies of Aurangzeb tried the best to cross the Brahamputra river and enter the Assam. They were thoroughly routed by the Ahom general Lachit Borphukan. Guru visited the place called Dhubri. A famous for the Sikh Gurudwara was constructed to commemorate his visit. Every year Sikhs from all over India and foreign visit this holy place.The grateful Ahom King invited Guruji to the Kamakhya shrine, where he was honoured.
While some died and some came back to Punjab, a few stayed on and made Assam their home, raising families. Their descendants today —mostly concentrated in Nagaon district — are Assamese for all practical purposes, and none speaks Punjabi, but continue to maintain their Sikh identity and observe most tenets and traditions of the religion.
References.
^ "WSN-Punjab News-Assamese Sikhs trace their Punjabi roots". Worldsikhnews.com. 18 March 2009. Retrieved 18 July 2010.
^ Puneet Singh Lamba (25 August 2003). "News and Analysis – The Sikhs of Assam". The Sikh Times. Retrieved 18 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9683223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683223" title="Marine Aviation Training Support Group 53">
Marine Aviation Training Support Group 53

Marine Aviation Training Support Group 53 (MATSG-53) is a United States Marine Corps aviation training group located at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, Washington. The group was originally established on April 1, 1943 as Marine Aircraft Group 53, the first Marine night-fighter group.
Mission.
Furnish highly qualified Fleet Replacement EA-6B Prowler personnel to the Fleet Marine Force and also provide the Commandant of the Marine Corps administrative and logistical support for assigned Marine Corps Personnel and to perform other tasks directed by the Commandant.
History.
Marine Night Fighting Group 53 (MAG(N)-53) was formed on April 1, 1943 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. It was the first night fighter group in the Marine Corps and was responsible for the training of all VFM(N) squadrons. They trained in Vero Beach, Florida in the spring and summer of 1944 and in November of that year they moved to Marine Corps Air Station Eagle Mountain Lake, Texas. They were redesignated Marine Night Fighter Group 53 (MNFG 53) in April 1945. The group remained in Texas until the end of the war. During the course of the war the group trained 8 night fighting squadrons and sent seven of them into combat. 
They moved back to MCAS Cherry Point in February 1946 and changed their name again, this time to Marine Aircraft Group 53 (MAG-53) in November of that year. The group was deactivated in May 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="9683228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683228" title="Golfers Against Cancer">
Golfers Against Cancer

Golfers Against Cancer is a registered 501(c)(3) charity that raises money for cancer research. The organization's mission is to raise as much money as possible to fund promising cancer research projects that result in saving lives. GAC is dedicated to raising these funds as an all-volunteer organization where virtually all of the raised funds go directly to benefit cancer research (rather than to cover administrative costs). The group hosts golf tournaments, dinners with auctions, and other events in pursuit of its mission.
History.
Golfers Against Cancer was started in the summer of 1997 by members of the Deerwood Club in Kingwood, Texas. The group was founded to show support to a Deerwood member and assistant pro who both had been diagnosed with cancer at the time. GAC was the idea of a Deerwood golf wife who told her husband, "If you are upset, do something about it." Bobby Jones talked to his Saturday morning golf buddies, including Everette Bernal and Rod Felts, and together they started Golfers Against Cancer. The mission of Golfers Against Cancer was to raise funds for cancer research to honor these friends battling cancer.
GAC's first fundraising golf tournament was held in 1997, and it generated $80,000. All of GAC's 1997 expenses were paid for by two funding families; the charity's standard practice is that its core sponsors cover all administrative costs out of their own pockets so that each new supporter can be sure that 100% of his/her contributions go directly to cancer research.
The growth of the organization has been rapid ever since its inception, and the charity now also hosts events in Houston, New York, Atlanta, and Greensboro, North Carolina. Through 2006, GAC has raised more than $10 million for high-impact cancer research in each of those cities.

</doc>
<doc id="9683251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683251" title="Volym 2 (Volume 2)">
Volym 2 (Volume 2)

Volym 2 (Volume 2) is the second album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1980. The Swedish version was released on Prim Records. The English version was released on Lamb & Lion Records in the United States and on Word Records in the UK. 
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson, except "Dialogue" ("Dialog") by Dan Tibell.

</doc>
<doc id="9683267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683267" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Florida">
List of law enforcement agencies in Florida

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9683296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683296" title="Saint Paul Capisterre">
Saint Paul Capisterre

Saint Paul Capisterre (known locally as Saint Paul's) is a town in the parish of Saint Paul Capisterre on the island of Saint Kitts, and the largest village in the Capisterre region. The village was a major source of labour for the Saint Kitts sugar industry, in which most of the villagers were formerly employed. Following the closure of the industry, the village was hit with a large unemployment dilemma, though many employment programmes have been started by the government.
Saint Paul's is home to the current prime minister of Saint Kitts and Nevis, Denzil Douglas, and was also home to former premier, Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw, who is the first national hero of Saint Kitts.
Its population is estimated at 1,196.

</doc>
<doc id="9683342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683342" title="Castle Frank Brook">
Castle Frank Brook

Castle Frank Brook is a buried creek and south-west flowing tributary of the Don River in central and north-western Toronto, Ontario, originating near the intersection of Lawrence Avenue and Dufferin Street.
Residential and industrial development in the former suburban cities of York and North York have obliterated nearly all traces of its original course and topography in the uppermost reaches, but the original stream valley is evident in several older districts bordering the lower reaches. Sections of the lower valley include Cedarvale Park ravine, the Nordheimer Ravine near the intersection of St. Clair Avenue and Spadina Road, and the Rosedale Ravine just above the brook's confluence with the Don. Short segments of the creek are exposed in Cedarvale Park and the lower Rosedale Valley. The southern section of Vaughan Road roughly parallels the brook's course, bypassing the steep slopes of the Cedarvale ravine. The brook's topographic influence is still evident at Ramsden Park, to the north of the intersection of Avenue Road and Davenport Road, representing the boundary of the densely developed Yorkville district. The Toronto Transit Commission's Spadina subway line follows the path of the creek from Eglinton West station to St. Clair West station, finally deviating southward at Spadina Road.
The brook is named for the summer residence of Ontario's first colonial governor, John Graves Simcoe, which in turn was named for Simcoe's son, Francis Gwillim. It was built either on the west side of the Don River near the modern Prince Edward (Bloor) Viaduct, or on the east side of Cabbagetown near the river. The home featured a façade in the Georgian architectural style. It was abandoned when Simcoe returned to England in 1794, and burned down in 1829. Castle Frank subway station takes its name from the former residence. A second home of the same name was built north of this site by Sir Edward Kemp. It was demolished in 1962 for the current Rosedale Heights School of the Arts. The site of the original summer home can be seen from aerial photos as a partially cleared area with a ring-like shape.

</doc>
<doc id="9683365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683365" title="Charles L. Taylor">
Charles L. Taylor

Charles L. Taylor was an industrialist and friend of Andrew Carnegie. He graduated from Lehigh University in 1876. Taylor College, a dormitory for upperclass students at Lehigh University, is named in honor of Charles Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="9683380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683380" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Georgia">
List of law enforcement agencies in Georgia

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the U.S. state of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9683385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683385" title="Devo Springsteen">
Devo Springsteen

Devon Harris (born December 9, 1977 in Columbus, GA), better known as Devo Springsteen, is a Grammy Award winning producer, songwriter, and entrepreneur. Springsteen launched the career of multi-platinum selling recording artist John Legend by signing him to Kanye West’s GOOD Music in 2003. Springsteen produced and co-wrote "So High", "Live It Up", and "Refuge (When it’s Cold Outside)" from Legend’s freshman album "Get Lifted". Springsteen has also produced songs for The Last Poets, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Rhymefest, Estelle, Consequence, and won the Best Rap Song Grammy in 2006 for his production of "Diamonds (from Sierra Leone)" with Kanye West. In addition, he is a well known DJ featured at events in London, Sydney, Nairobi, Tokyo, and Johannesburg.
Biography.
Devo Springsteen grew up in many different regions of the U.S. and lived in Germany for five years because both of his parents were in the U.S. Army. He graduated high school from The Pembroke Hill School in Kansas City, Missouri and shortly after attended the University of Pennsylvania. At Penn, he wrestled and played football but also was active in the Philly club scene - DJing at clubs and parties as well as hosting local radio shows including WPPR and WQHS FM. After graduating from Penn’s Wharton School with a degree in Economics and Strategic Management, he moved to New York in 2000 with college roommate John Stephens (John Legend). A couple of months after Springsteen moved to New York, he was made aware by his Aunt that his cousin (Kanye West) was also to move to New York. Springsteen helped Kanye become adjusted to his new life and soon found himself working full-time at a venture capital firm and part-time on music assisting Kanye West with his production company, G.O.O.D. Music (then called Konman Productions). Devo Springsteen accurately recognized the benefits in linking Legend with West and successfully got John Legend signed to Kanye’s G.O.O.D. Music record label in 2003. He holds an MBA degree from Columbia Business School.
Springsteen’s influences include Stevie Wonder, the Beatles, The Doors, Michael Jackson, Rick Rubin, Timbaland, Dr. Dre, and Kanye West.
Not only has Devo Springsteen written and produced for major label artists, but he has also done music for companies such as MTV, Dr Pepper, and MTV2. He has appeared on MTV Base, BET Style, and VH1. Springsteen was featured as a guest DJ on BET’s Rap City.
More recently, Devo Springsteen produced and co-wrote "Stereo" which appears in John Legend’s 2006 second album "Once Again". He also produced and co-wrote "Let There Be Light" on Nas’s recent release "Hip Hop Is Dead" and "Misunderstood" on Common's new album, "Finding Forever".
Springsteen also co-wrote the track "Let Go" with Britney Spears and Tom Craskey. The song appeared on the demo version of Britney's album "Blackout".
In 2008, Springsteen collaborated with John Legend on "If You're Out There" which appears in John Legend's third studio album "Evolver". The song was also used as President Barack Obama's campaign theme song and was performed at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
Devo Springsteen founded his own label, Champion Sound Entertainment, which will begin operation and distribution in 2009.
In 2010, Reservoir Media Management acquired 100% of Springsteen's publishing assets which had formerly been administered by TVT Music Enterprises, LLC.
Astor Place Music.
Astor Place Music is Springsteen’s multimedia and production company which specializes in innovative marketing campaigns and products connecting corporations with the youth demographic. For example, Astor Place Music launched and executive produces The Good Life mixtape series with Bacardi Big Flavors, which features G.O.O.D. Music artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9683391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683391" title="Krościenko">
Krościenko

Krościenko can refer to three villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="9683409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683409" title="John Glines">
John Glines

John Glines (born October 11, 1933 in Santa Maria, California) is an American playwright and producer.
Playwright and producer.
Glines graduated from Yale in 1955 with a BA in drama. As a writer in children’s television, he worked for seven years on Captain Kangaroo and for four years on Sesame Street. His play "In The Desert Of My Soul" was anthologized in "Best Short Plays Of 1976". His musical "Gulp!", written with Stephen Greco and Robin Jones, had a lengthy off-off-Broadway run in 1977.
His plays written for, and originally produced by The Glines, the non-profit organization for gay arts which he co-founded in 1976 with Barry Laine and Jerry Tobin, include "On Tina Tuna Walk"
, "In Her Own Words (A Biography of Jane Chambers)", "Men Of Manhattan" (also made into a film directed by Anthony Marsellis), "Chicken Delight"
, "Body And Soul" "Murder In Disguise", "Key West", and "Heavenly Days". His last play, "Butterflies And Tigers", based on stories of the Chinese people during the Cultural Revolution, had an extended run in New York City in 1998. 
Glines won a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award in 1983 as producer of "Torch Song Trilogy". In his acceptance speech for the Tony, he was the first person ever to acknowledge his same-sex lover on a major awards show
. He won the Drama Desk Award and a Tony nomination in 1985 as producer of "As Is", and won the Drama Desk Award in 1994 for "Whoop-Dee-Doo!"
Activism.
Concurrently with his theatre work, Glines was a founding trustee of Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, which grew out of Stamp Out AIDS, the non-profit organization he founded in 1985 as a result of his work on "As Is".
Glines has been honored by numerous organizations, including the Empire State Pride Agenda (Artistic Vision Award), Parents, Families, and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG) (Oscar Wilde Award), the Allied Gay and Lesbian Association of Los Angeles, and Off-Off-Broadway Review (Lifetime Achievement Award).

</doc>
<doc id="9683444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683444" title="The Dining Room">
The Dining Room

The Dining Room is a play by the American playwright A. R. Gurney. It was first produced in New York, New York at the Studio Theatre of Playwrights Horizons, opening January 31, 1982.
The play is a comedy of manners, set in a single dining room where 18 scenes from different households overlap and intertwine. Presumably, each story is focused around a different family during different time periods who has in their possession the same dining room furniture set, manufactured in 1898. The stories are about White Anglo-Saxon Protestant (WASP) families. Some scenes are about the furniture itself and the emotional attachment to it, while other scenes simply flesh out the culture of the WASPs. Overall, it tells the story of the dying and relatively short-lived culture of upper-middle class Americans, and the transition into a much more efficient society with less emphasis on tradition and more emphasis on progress. Some characters are made fun of, as is the culture itself, but there is also a genuine longing for the sense of stability, comfort and togetherness that the culture provides.
From the back of the playbook:
The play is set in the dining room of a typical well-to-do household, the place where the family assembled daily for breakfast and dinner and for any and all special occasions. The action is a mosaic of interrelated scenes—some funny, some touching, some rueful—which, taken together, create an in-depth portrait of a vanishing species: the upper-middle-class WASP. The actors change roles, personalities and ages with virtuoso skill as they portray a wide variety of characters, from little boys to stern grandfathers, and from giggling teenage girls to Irish housemaids. Each vignette introduces a new set of people and events; a father lectures his son on grammar and politics; a boy returns from boarding school to discover his mother's infidelity; a senile grandmother doesn't recognize her own sons at Christmas dinner; a daughter, her marriage a shambles, pleads futilely to return home, etc. Dovetailing swiftly and smoothly, the varied scenes coalesce, ultimately, into a theatrical experience of exceptional range, compassionate humor and abundant humanity.
First performance.
It was first produced at the Studio Theatre of Playwrights Horizons, in New York City, opening January 31, 1982, with the following cast (with the various roles they played):
It was directed by David Trainer. Loren Sherman designed the set, Deborah Shaw the costumes, and Frances Aronson the lighting. The production stage manager was M. A. Howard.

</doc>
<doc id="9683447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683447" title="Philippine Senate election, 1959">
Philippine Senate election, 1959

Senatorial elections were held on November 10, 1959. The 1959 elections were known as the 1959 Philippine midterm election as the date when the elected officials take office falls halfway through President Carlos P. Garcia's four-year term.
The Liberal Party continued chipping away from the Nacionalista Party's dominance in the Senate, winning two more seats, although the Nacionalista's still possess 19 out of 24 seats in the chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="9683454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683454" title="Brock Manhunter">
Brock Manhunter

Larry Storch, better known as Brock Manhunter (born June 26, 1966) is a former LAPD homicide detective co-author of a book about serial killers with famed FBI profiler John E. Douglas. He now works as a consultant, most notably for the television show Criminal Minds. Manhunter also collaborated with Douglas on the book . Manhunter retired from LAPD in 2005 and currently hosts his own Internet radio show.

</doc>
<doc id="9683471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683471" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Hawaii">
List of law enforcement agencies in Hawaii

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="9683498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683498" title="Fauna of Nicaragua">
Fauna of Nicaragua

The fauna of Nicaragua is characterized by a very high level of biodiversity. Much of Nicaragua's wildlife lives in protected areas. There are currently 78 protected areas in Nicaragua, covering more than , or about 17% of its landmass. These protected areas encompass a wide variety of habitats, including rainforests, lakes, mountains, and volcanoes throughout the country. For example, Bosawás Biosphere Reserve covers , making it the second largest rainforest in the Americas after the Amazon Rainforest in Brazil.
Vertebrates.
Mammals.
Nicaragua is home to several species of New World monkeys, including the Geoffroy's spider monkey, which is currently listed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) as an endangered species. The jaguar is the largest felid that is indigenous to Nicaragua. Other species include the cougar, jaguarundi, margay, and ocelot. There are a number of unusual mammals found in Nicaragua, including the three-toed sloth, northern tamandua (lesser anteater), and two species of armadillo.
Birds.
The avifauna of Nicaragua includes a total of 698 species. Eight of these species, including the Golden-cheeked Warbler ("Dendroica chrysoparia") and the Great Green Macaw ("Ara ambigua"), are currently listed by the IUCN as threatened species. Many of Nicaragua's birds are brilliantly colored, including various species of parrots, motmots, toucans, trogons, and hummingbirds. The guardabarranco is the national bird of Nicaragua. Natural range for the Scarlet Macaw has been vastly reduced by the pet trade. Most of the Pacific region of Nicaragua no longer is inhabited by the species.
Reptiles.
Nicaragua is home to many nesting populations of sea turtles, including the hawksbill sea turtle, leatherback sea turtle, loggerhead sea turtle, olive ridley sea turtle, and the Pacific green turtle ("Chelonia mydas agassisi"). All of these are endangered or critically endangered species, with declining global populations. Extensive efforts are currently underway to preserve them as much as possible.
Fish.
The bull shark is a species of shark that can survive for an extended period of time in fresh water. It can be found in Lake Nicaragua and the San Juan River, where it is often referred to as the "Nicaragua shark". Nicaragua has recently banned freshwater fishing of the Nicaragua shark and the sawfish in response to the declining populations of these animals.
The Midas cichlid, native to the San Juan River basin in Nicaragua and Costar Rica, is now recognized as a species complex with dozens of species, most or all of them inhabiting extremely reduced ranges. Five species from a Lake Apoyo, a volcanic crater lake, have been described recently.
Invertebrates.
Molluscs.
Many species of molluscs are indigenous to Nicaragua, including at least 79 species of terrestrial snails and slugs.
Protected areas.
There are currently 78 protected areas in Nicaragua, covering more than , or about 17% of its landmass. These include wildlife refuges and nature reserves that shelter a wide range of ecosystems. There are more than 1,400 animal species classified thus far in Nicaragua. Some 12,000 species of plants have been classified thus far in Nicaragua, with an estimated 5,000 species not yet classified.

</doc>
<doc id="9683507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683507" title="Denny, California">
Denny, California

Denny is an unincorporated community in northwest Trinity County, California, United States. Actor Ed Flanders died there in 1995. The community has no business that are still open, but it still has a few residential houses in the area. In the 1970s there was a mining war between civilians and the Forest Service in which two people died.

</doc>
<doc id="9683514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683514" title="Oliver H. Kelley Homestead">
Oliver H. Kelley Homestead

The Oliver H. Kelley Farm is a historic farmstead once owned by Oliver Hudson Kelley, one of the founders of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry. The farmstead is a U.S. National Historic Landmark, which also places it on the National Register of Historic Places. The farm is currently operated as a living history museum by the Minnesota Historical Society. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
Oliver Kelley moved to Minnesota in 1849, the year that Minnesota Territory was formed. Although he knew little about farming, he taught himself using agricultural journals and correspondence with other "scientific-oriented" farmers. He became an expert on farming in Minnesota, and he learned how adverse events such as bad weather, debt, insect pests, and crop failures could devastate a farmer's fortunes. In 1864, he became a clerk in the United States Department of Agriculture. After the end of the American Civil War, he toured the agricultural resources of the Southern states. When he returned to Washington, he was convinced that farmers' fortunes could be improved through cooperative associations with other farmers. Along with several other associates, he founded the National Grange of the Patrons of Husbandry in 1867. He later returned to Minnesota with the hope of organizing local Granges. 
The farm remained in the ownership of the Kelley family until 1901. The National Grange bought the farm in 1935 and donated it to the Minnesota Historical Society in 1961. Today, the farm offers tours by guides in period costume, who invite visitors to help out with farm chores such as picking vegetables, churning butter, and making soap. In 2003, state budget shortfalls threatened closure for the historical site. In response, the group Friends of the Kelley Farm was organized to help raise money to close the funding gap. The Friends group also supports the educational goals of the site and works for the site's preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="9683515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683515" title="Epistemic commitment">
Epistemic commitment

Epistemic commitment is an obligation, which may be withdrawn only under appropriate circumstances, to uphold the factual truth of a given proposition, and to provide reasons for one's belief in that proposition.
Epistemic means 'of, or relating to knowledge'. An epistemic commitment of some kind, on the part of the participants, underlies most arguments. For instance, each participant in an argument would have a position that they are expressing, and an underlying epistemic commitment fundamental to their reasoning.
"An example of epistemic commitment:" Joe states that whales are gentle creatures, and as such, should never be killed.
Susan replies that killer whales are not 'gentle', in fact, they eat seal pups. Joe, instead of revising his earlier stated opinion of whales based on new information from Susan, asserts that killer whales must not actually be whales then, because a 'true whale eats plankton.' Joe has now redefined 'whale' to suit his argument. If Susan shows Joe a biology textbook which asserts that killer whales are, in fact whales, then Joe might (or might not) decide to withdraw his epistemic commitment to the original statement about whales.

</doc>
<doc id="9683526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9683526" title="Juan Funes">
Juan Funes

Juan Funes may refer to:

</doc>
